Nongpoh, Naiwieng 17 : The Nongpoh Christmas Cup Basketball Tournament 2022 will be held from 10th November to 20th November. 2022 at Sajer Basketball Stadium and also at St. Paul's Basketball Court.
However, in this hospital, this is not the case, there is a struggle, a struggle and a struggle between them.
The HYC urges the Meghalaya government to immediately release the salaries of SSA teachers. The HYC demands that the salaries of SSA teachers should be increased and they should be recruited as teachers by the state government. as has been done in dozens of states across India.
According to the directive, no transportation of pigs or anything related to pigs, meat, food, medicines from the affected areas to the surveillance zones and disease-free zones should be allowed.
“This place has been around for more than 50 years and has produced many athletes who have represented the state abroad.
Referring to the revenue collection gates, Bah Blik said that until now, the collection of revenue is still going on, and they take together, the synsar is set at the price collected by their moholders, they collect up to 7 and 8,000 pickups, which has caused problems to the farmers and has been lodged with the Deputy Commissioner's office.
Conrad sent his congratulations to the people of Karbi and also to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, which has agreed to open the Hemtun.
In a statement, Jyrwa said that at this meeting, the leaders of the political parties will explain to the people about the ILP which is a strong law that protects the illegal entry of foreign authorities.
The coronavirus has spread in these days and has now affected the heads of state, especially in Mumbai.
A family including a mother, father and two children were trapped inside their house when the cyclone caused flooding in the Bay Area. of Hawke.
The reason is that after this he will be arrested and imprisoned for 1000 years.
Shillong: The Sohlap Women Welfare Organization (SWWO) has seized hundreds of bottles of kyiad from commercial vehicles coming from Shillong to Shella on the 21st of this month.
As they do in the manner last described.
The 10km race (Men & Women) started from Sohra Rim to Nongsawlia.
Kim didn't even have a house.
“It is impossible for me to sit,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit. “People who want me to fight since 2011, how can I say?”
He said that if the government intends to take over the post of teacher as demanded by JACATAM, it will first have to talk to the school authorities and after that, it will consider what should be done. .
The march will start from Community Hall Golf Link and pass through Polo Market Road to the road outside City Dhaba, MLA Hostel, State Bank of India through the DC Office to Nan Polok, Bivar Road and return. to the meeting start point.
He said that during the tenure of Dasakhiatbha Lamare as MLA of Mawhati, the party used to put forward demands from the MLA and also to the government for the improvement of the Mawhati. The union has also seen that Dasakhiatbha Lamare, has taken great care until the road has been completed and which has been a blessing to the people, because as it is now. the people were very comfortable in traveling, even when the road was not completed.
Rev. John Madur, Diocesan Administrator of Shillong, conducted the service for the souls of the deceased who are sleeping at the cemetery in Laitumkhrah together with Fr. Pascal Lyngdoh. Parish Priest, Fr. Bernard Laloo and other priests.
Shillong: The state government has decided to pay the salary of IAS officers at a cost of T.1.45 crore per annum. On the other hand, the MLA of East Shillong, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, has expressed her surprise over the decision of the state government to forgive the income tax as it is under the jurisdiction of the government. India and those who are exempt from paying income tax are only foreigners.
There are also cases where victims are asked to register online complaints through applications like AnyDesk, which can deceive people who don't know anything.
Both the teams have scored 4 points each but Malki have scored more goals.
“In Japan, during the earthquake that damaged the plain, Japan can count all the damage within 10 months while in our country, even if there is a storm and rain, the government takes time to account by months", said one senior official.
On the other hand, when talking to the buyers of kwai-tympew, they said that the price of tympew will continue to fall until the month of June as the 'la iaw' has almost disappeared and the 'la' lung has not yet been available. and also due to the shortage of tympew and kwai from the War area, the price of these crops has increased.
He said that if anything bad happens during the protest of Bah Ardent, the government should take responsibility because it is the one who is responsible for listening to the demands of the VPP. “I just want to understand that if anything bad happens to Bah Ardent during his strike, the government should take responsibility because if it happens it is because of the government's negligence,” he said. Dear Gerald.
The funeral service will be held on the 9th November 2021 at the Catholic Cemetery Mookympad East Jaintia Hills.
He said that the issuance of a new notice by MUDA to implement the Housing Act cannot violate the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act,
UDP Secretary for Garo Hills Arun N Marak said the party will contest in all the MDC constituencies in the upcoming GHADC elections.
Speaking to media, Bah Sanbor said, “The youth of our state have to go to other states to study and the nearest place is Guwahati. it will benefit the youth, especially those who come from poor families.
Nongstoiñ, November 8: Following the report in Mawphor on Tuesday on the intention to auction the Inspection Bungalow of the PWD department to the private sector, leaders and members of four political parties including the WKSU, UHM, MYF and WYF West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their surprise to see in the Mawphor newspaper published on the 7th, which wrote about the proposal to hand over the IB PWD to the private person.
There are indeed heavenly bodies that are similar to the Earth.
She also sought clarification regarding the uncertainty of the land compensation paid by NHAI regarding the acquisition of KHADC land at Byrni Hat, Jorabad and Nongpoh.
On the reason why she decided to join the BJP, Dr. Tariang said, “I have understood that it is only this party that works tirelessly for the BJP. to improve the welfare of the poor and the rich, as witnessed in the implementation of various schemes to improve health introduced by the Central Government through the Prime Minister. to Narendra Modi.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya Institute of Governance (MIG) has conducted a Social Impact Assessment for the purpose of acquiring 4760 square meters of land in Saphai village, West Jaintia Hills District. meters.
For the loss of Israel is the salvation of the Gentiles" Romans 11:11-1
Sudan is one of the countries of the world that has suffered a terrible war and the loss of lives as a result of this war is something that the UN has been deeply saddened by.
From West Khasi Hills, the body of Bah Hoping was welcomed from Anderson School where he was welcomed with traditional music and ksing. '.
He said, “We will keep coming here to support the movement.
Therefore, all liquor shops including IMFL/Canteen/Bonded Warehouse will be closed on that day.
As the union, we cannot help but express our concern, because during the inspection, we found that many of the foreign shops, said that they are still sending renewal of documents, where as the union itself. I feel that there may be something wrong with this, which the party itself will investigate to find out the truth.
He said that the British government has tried various attempts to arrest Kiang Nangbah, has sent thousands of French troops to these hills to fight against the people of Kiang Nangbah.
“Our state and many other states in the North East need “It's a good idea to have a NRC,” said Singh.
Chief Minister Conrad, I don't know if he knows or not, because we haven't seen his answer, or if he talked when he went to sit down.
For example, the MLA of South Gwalior Constituency, Narayan Singh Kushwah, has been defeated. NOTA received 121 votes, while NOTA received 1550 votes.
But my mother didn't listen like a fool until she got home.
Therefore, HANM has gone to shut down the company.
“If the state government does not listen to the problems of the students, it will be sad that the students will lose their food,” he said.
It is necessary to return to traditional agricultural practices and promote the use of fertilizers in a systematic and supportable manner.
In the case of a hit-and-run, the imprisonment will be 10 years, in which the person dies while the driver flees without informing the police or magistrate after the incident.
The General Secretary of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association, Bah Suklang Dkhar, who is also a member of the Roll Ball Federation of India, has been selected as an official for the 6th Roll Ball World Cup to be held in Pune. which is located in Maharashtra.
Not only that, but the roads in Jowai are very narrow, but the vehicles are not crowded at all and from a distance, they allow each other to pass and thus, there is not much traffic jam.
Therefore, many teachers have expressed that they have found it difficult to do what else and ask for the assistance of the Commission,” said the Chairperson.
Well, what I want to say is that if we think that money is the answer to the problems of the country and the nation, that is just a myth.
We have ordered all the students who bring mobile phones to the examination center to surrender so that we can complete the investigation. When asked where this happened, the Joint Director of MBOSE declined to answer and said, “We don't want to The students who write exams at this center are confused just because of the negligence of some”.
We have lost the encouragement written by famous writers of the country like Munshi Premchand, Harivansh Rai Bachchan, Mahdevi Verma, Tulsi Das, Sant Kabir Das, Abdul Rahim Khan, Ravindra Nath Tagore, Gulzar and other famous poets.
This village is one of the oldest villages in West Khasi Hills and perhaps the most beautiful in this district but it is one of the most backward villages in almost all aspects.
However, none of these parties have been able to form a world ei ei, there has been only a split and the NPP has formed a government in Garo.
Shillong, November 14: Two HSPDP MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have decided to stand by their decision to support the PDF in the District Council no matter what happens. “We have taken a decision – we will stand firm, we cannot decide one thing or another as the leaders of the people,” said Morningstar Mawsor. day.
Thus, this movement is known as the Hindutva Movement. The word Hindutva is divided into two parts.
The B Barooah Cancer Institute has also fallen into the hotspot after the death of Deepika Nath, 16, who lives near the hospital.
They have destroyed many holy places where they used to play and hold markets since ancient times while now they are across the border of Bangladesh.
This appointment of ST and SC leaders is enshrined in Article 334 of the Constitution.
On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstar W Chyne, handed over the certificate to Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem to confirm the full Syiemship, by reading out Article (5) of the Mylliem Syiemship Act. 2007.
The Mission was led by the Maharaj, Babu Manbha Lyngdoh, Kong Gitabali Majaw and their colleagues.
“KHNAM will send a letter to the state government requesting that experts from Khasi Jaintia Garo Hills should participate in the Expert Committee for the preparation of the Reservation Policy,” he said.
The meeting will be held at the Umsning Auditorium at 11 pm.
He said that regarding the assistance to ANVC-B members, the government has allocated T.2.37 crore to 139 members but out of these, only 11 have bank accounts and 54 have those who sent bank account requirements and others did not do anything.
This cheating of the people has been violated the right of those who have already paid the price of petrol according to the price fixed, 'how much it affects especially those who fill up. tens of liters and this is very sad,” said Chandame.
He said that 111 schools have been included for improvement in Phase-II and 1,725 ​​schools in Phase-III. government has recently been fully completed.
The ANVC-B leader said that if this happens, it will be bad for the people of Garo Hills as peace will go far away.
The party also reminded Mr that the border market had suddenly closed down after the independence of India and Pakistan in 1947, and said that this had affected the residents. The Hat Phali, a famous market at that time, was also built to disappear.
Our people themselves go their own way and work in the fields but it is these (Karbi) from Shilinag (Assam) who are the ones who are doing the work.
Shillong: U MDC of Nongthymmai constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has strongly opposed the Election Department's plan to register 77,000 voters ahead of the MP elections. The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya has announced that the Election Department has set a target of registering 77,000 voters ahead of the MP elections to be held along with the mid-term elections in Selsella constituency.
The people living in the border areas understand that Meghalaya has not yet received a full state as they have been persecuted by the Assam Government for not respecting the Status Quo agreed with the Meghalaya Government.
According to information, three Polling Stations have recorded good turnout of 96 percent.
Tracking and reviewing the activities of districts and teams in high-risk areas, identifying acquisition data and the cooperation of law enforcement agencies led to this number of acquisitions seizure since October 1st.
Shillong, Nailar : The IRSSCC, Shillong, in a statement through Bah S. Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary, today announced that the IRSSCC in collaboration with the CMYDS, District Planning Office, EKHD , Shillong held a seminar program cum workshop on the topic, “Self Employment through collective efforts” on the 22nd of this month at the Community Hall, Nongmensong Shillong.
It is better to introduce a law in the state to ensure uniformity in trade.
AIS SujaThe greatest subject in the world is the subject about Jerusalem because this city speaks of the suffering between God, Man and Satan Lucifer, about the past and the future.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 252 new cases and 3591 active cases in the State.
Although the department has deployed staff at the center to provide services to the people of the area, there is no benefit at all as there is not enough space to store medicines and the house is not safe.
Why don't you wear uniforms to those who work day or night?
“As of now, if the police have committed crimes, they have been dismissed immediately without an investigation, but why can't the police chiefs do so because the law is to be the same for all.
The objective of the PGI is to promote the States & UTs to initiate various programs that will bring about comprehensive education.
The Organizing Committee has invited the players of the State to take part in this tournament.
On the VPP's allegation, Conrad said, “.
Regarding the shortage of Enforcement personnel of the AH&Vety Department, HITO has expressed to the Principal Secretary that it is ready to provide Volunteers with payment to investigate the illegal trade in cattle and sheep throughout the state.
Through this victory, Demthriang have qualified for the final.
The Minister said the government will set up a committee to look into this and they are waiting for the Education Commission to give its opinion and directives on this.
Prof RC Laloo, former MLA of Jowai, said that the passing away of Dr.P Syngkon is a great loss to the village of Jowai.
Regarding the question on the NOC for Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills District from 1st April, 2023 to 29th February, 2024 by Brighstar Chyrmang, CEM T.Shiwat said no. I don't have an issue.
“The Modi government has recognized Passah as a citizen of Meghalaya who is also a witness to the 'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas',” said Susuki Pariat, President of the Meghalaya BJP Mahila Morcha. , sabka jis', which means that all were brought together, built on the work of development for all and triumphed in faith.
India has now reached the fourth position in the world's economy and will rise to the fourth position in the world's economy by 2023 and This is according to a report by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
If I work for the development of the people, such things should not take place, misunderstanding and discrimination against only a few who are involved”.
West Garo Hills Police tweeted that the search operation was conducted at Du'magitok village, about 15 kilometers from Tura.
It will take people.
“Meghalaya is rich in forests, plants, wildlife and trees,” said Sahai and urged the people to protect the forests and stop killing them. enemies of wildlife, birds and animals because they play an important role in improving the environment.
The payment after linking these numbers will eliminate the exploiters and corruption as in the past, he added.
KHANDULI: The Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Lakhon Biam on Tuesday said that the INC candidate Vincent H Pala is zero in Delhi because he did not contest for the election. the plight of the people of the state.
In this meeting with the MLA, the Dorbar Shnong Mukroh in a spirit of concern urged the MLA that the Government should set up a police out post in Mukroh so that the residents and villages can The neighborhoods on the Assam-Meghalaya border will receive protection measures in addition to protecting the border of the state.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The KHADC has started cleaning up the Wah Umkhrah after it has disappeared without the help of the CEM and MDCs of the KHADC for several months. earlier.
They said that they will continue their protest until the suspension of them from the Rajya Sabha is lifted.
He said that this great man of the state also came from a family of orphans and these children were remembered specially.
Rahul said Modi is the PM, not the Prime Minister, but Panauti Modi.
“Will Phidalia Toi come back to save the Joint Action Committee Jaintia Hills which is one of the civil society organizations that takes care of the problems of the people of Jaintia Hills?
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has been slow in extinguishing fires in the city and according to its announcement, it has scheduled to extinguish fires on time. 9 pm in the city but only after tied the second tick at 8 pm, the fire was extinguished.
You have lost your votes.
He said that 10,000 people over the age of 45 years and above have been injected every day, including from all over the state.
The Minister's speech has angered the protesters in Tura, and prompted women and others to take to the streets on Friday to protest against it with the slogans of “Ampareen, Go Back” or “Ampareen, Go Back”.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 25: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today seized 10.8 kilograms of marijuana from a Maruti Alto. Police have also arrested Deiborlang Sutnga, 32, for further investigation.
According to an announcement on Thursday, for 360 vacancies of nurses in district hospitals in the state, the department has released the candidates who have passed from the state to write. on the written test.
He said that the party is not against foreign lawyers but is concerned about the rights of land owners and this lawyer should be appointed by the land owners in the GHADC and not by foreigners.
“It is unsafe because it has not been approved by the Academic Council which is the body that will take decisions on matters related to education,” said Bah Rani in a statement.
Therefore, the HYC will not hesitate to take this step to close down these illegal houses in this area.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 5: Following the complaints of the residents of Rambrai area regarding the excessive deterioration of the PWD road from Nongstoin to Rambrai, today the MLA of Rambrai area Bah KP Pangniang together with the Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division, Bah KC Nongrum, has personally visited the area to conduct an inspection of the road.
Dr Mukul should ask the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma regarding the appointment of Chairman/Co Chairman/Vice Chairman and so on by the Government till date.
Morningstar Khongwir was named Player of the Match.
The prisoner was detained in Shillong District Jail for theft registered at Rynjah PS but was taken to hospital for treatment and died this morning.
Regarding the Hima Dorbar, Shylla said that since 1984 when he was an MDC, he wanted to revive the Hima Dorbar which has disappeared but he found that it was found in a written statement that The Hima Dorbar means only the Dorbar of the Syiem, Ministers, Lyngdohs and Rangbah Shnongs.
“The registration of the names of the employees of the Survey Department has not sought the truth whether the people are indigenous to Meghalaya or not but has registered the names openly which is a threat to the state,” he said. state.
Nongpoh, Lber 13: To open and provide an opportunity for school children to showcase their talents in various sports, besides studying which they spend time in the four corners of the classrooms, The Inter House Athletic Meet 2024 was inaugurated by the King of Kings Higher Secondary School Mawkyrdep today.
When the police arrived, Dominik started talking nonsense, but after a while, he turned around and confessed to the fact that he had taken the money from Sunday.
He said that he has spoken to the villages of the area to send a letter to the Chief Secretary and he as an MLA of the area will take action to talk to the Chief Secretary. see that this gate be opened for the peace of the people.
You should sleep at least 8 hours a day which is best for improving the beauty and swelling of the skin.
Shillong: U Deiwi Tongper, President of STIEH, today lodged a complaint at Sardar Police Station against Meghalaya Purkayastha, who wrote on Instagram that every day is Independence Day. There is a curfew in Shillong and Tongper said that every Independence Day there is a celebration and participation of the people of the state.
Nongstoin, July 19: Last Saturday, the residents of Mawpun Tiehjyr Sieh, came out to clean up the garbage dump on the side of the main road of the village. The residents of the village have been cleaned up and shown garbage which is also a threat to the health of the people of the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Once again, 13 political parties and the state government have held a meeting to discuss the laws which they have already recommended earlier. The government has submitted its own report and the remaining report is from the committee headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. another month for the parties to complete the report.
The appearance of foreigners to sell soh in Nongstoiñ Market has destroyed the market of soh vendors.
Besides, the Minister also launched the College Anthem and the Diamond Jubilee Souvenir.
Not only that, they also threatened to claim that they are members of the Central Law Enforcement Agencies such as Customs, CBI, NCB and others and demanded money from those people who were smuggling them. They said that they should send money to the account they gave under the pretext that it was a payment for permission through the RBI. siew you money.
“In Maikhuli, I tell you that the cemetery was used by our people no more than 15-20 years ago but Assam has not owned it and we have not been able to use it anymore.
It's better if we put the phone on and go to bed early.
The new cases include EGH: 8, EJH: 11, EKH: 247, NGH: 01, RBD: 71, SGH: 11, SWGH: 11, SWKH: 26, WGH: 90, WJH: and WKH: 63.
The union has fought for the implementation within the Panchayat on 9 issues, including the objective to free the Panchayats from corruption, to ensure the development of farmers, the development of people in the Panchayat. unrecognized groups, health issues, benefits for women, supporting the future of the next generation, rural infrastructure provision, access to good governance and improving the quality of life in the state.
The General Manager of the FCI said that the FCI has enough space to store food items such as rice, wheat and barley, but it provides the food items according to the the choice of state governments, which provide a list of preferred and required ingredients, not the FCI releasing itself.
On the 19th July 2018, they sent a petition to the Chief Minister to ask for his assistance on the problems faced by these residents.
The Upper Shillong Circle Youth Union has warned the contractors not to bring in foreign workers without the necessary documents.
Speaking on the occasion, DSO Khroobok Passah said that the celebration of this day is special so that the youth can follow the example of Swami Vivekananda to bring about change in the country and the region through their work and skills. we.
The SP said that Namphyrnai has links with members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and said that the police will arrest all those involved in the plot. the job of blowing up bombs.
Shillong, Naiung 26: The Syiem of Raid Mawshun, Bah Lamiki Khongdkhar, today handed over the certificate to the new Sordar of Raid Mawshun, Bah Lamiki Khongdkhar.
“But what I can say at this time to the people of Meghalaya is that they want to see the questions because they can only see the five years that have passed except for the some parts are bright.
However, they said that the suspect was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly damaging four ATM machines in Madanrting, Laitumkhrah, Rynjah and Laban.
The Samvaad will be opened on the 14th March at the Multi-Use Convention Hall at 11:30 pm. SK Srivastava, Vice-Chancellor, NEHU will be the chief guest while Prof. Henry Lamin, Pro-Vice-Chancellor will be the symbud guest.
This shows the failure to surprise the people and manage or supervise the works by the department, which has been the delay in the works, the half-abandonment of the works by the contractors.
If this tree cultivation can spread in our beloved country, it will surely endanger our country, even if we lose our status as a biogeographical hotspot.
On this occasion, there was also a performance by the musicians of the village, the songs of the school children.
When asked whether the state government provides any assistance for them when they go to take part in sports abroad from their own state or abroad.
The 4-metre-wide painting, which depicts Parliament, went on sale in London on Friday and sold for £9,879,500 in just 13 minutes of auction.
When asked whether the Government will introduce a policy to ban any tourist taxis from outside the state from entering Shillong to reduce traffic jam, the Minister said there will be no. any restriction because according to the permit they are allowed to operate throughout India.
“There are those who praise the State Government for going ahead to talk to the Assam Government to resolve the border dispute but they have not seen that this path of the Government is wrong,” he said.
The Government of India has announced a complete curfew in 75 districts of India.
Ask and listen to these words.
I request the Government of Meghalaya to fully implement the 4 percent quota because this is our right and quota and if in other states they implement this Act but why in this state it has not been done. faithful to implement.
However, according to Jewish custom, no ruler was allowed to build more of the Temple than Solomon had built, so Herod built and built only a 35-acre field to accommodate himself. the Temple and Josephus said it was the largest building he had ever seen in his life.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong should punish such people by imposing a heavy fine.
(Jer 4:25).
She said that 122 students attended the examination and among them 61 students needed treatment, 10 students needed check up and 10 students did not. There were 51 cases.
Speaking to media, AKMT President Bah Ricaldinus Dohling said that dozens of vehicles from abroad like Assam have arrived at the tourist spots in Khasi Jaintia Hills and this has caused a lot of damage. State drivers who earn money by taking foreigners to tourist destinations.
Banteilang Shylla scored a hat-trick after scoring four goals in the 56', 70', 72' & 90'+3 minutes. Daunisakhiat Dkhar scored the first goal in the 8th minute.
He said he cannot change his decision and will contest on the PDF ticket as he has already visited almost all the villages and his supporters do not want him to contest. flip.
He knows who is good and bad, who loves and who hates.
The Football Committee of the NDSA has announced that the match on the 4th of this month will be between Jaidoh YSA and Mawiong Pyndengrei Sports Club at 12.05 pm while in the Super Division the match will be played. Mawkawah Sports Club will play against Khliehmawlieh Youth Club at 2 pm.
You cannot submit a letter without your Bio Data.
Regarding this project, the UDP leaders urged the government and especially the PHE department to expedite the implementation so that the people of Umsning area can escape from the water shortage. At the same time, the UDP leaders also expressed their special thanks to Bah S.Lyngdoh for his promise to start implementing the project.
Syiemlieh was appointed by the state government in the office of the Deputy Commissioner to support his family after the death of his father in a shooting incident by the Assam police.
At the same time, a sticker will be made and placed on the inside of tourist taxis to prevent passengers from polluting public places and to explain to them how to dispose of garbage when eating. food inside the car.
At present, the vendors have to be careful so that the buyers do not get involved in buying fish that has been cleaned or treated with formalin.
Two years ago, the state government also announced to hand over to the Kharkaia Company the electricity generation and distribution department of the Shillong Region including Jowai for 20 years.
" Men Kmie said, "I'll eat first.
The Pasyih Garrampani Road is one of the main roads starting from 8mer and connecting Jowai to Ratacherra Road and ending at Saphai near the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The increasing power outages and load shedding have caused confusion not only in the homes but also in the workplaces especially among the people who earn their living by using electricity.
But so far she has not done anything.
Total: Rs 70.02 cr.
One of the topics discussed was the persecution of Christians across the states of India in the past few days.
They also demanded that the government should allocate funds for the fencing around the school, so that the robbers will not be able to enter the compound of the school at night.
At the same time, the syrnod were also distributed to the farmers who have become more prominent and skilled.
The village is located about 30 kilometers west of Nongstoin and about 15 kilometers west of Riangdo.
Our Khasi man also works hard to provide for his wife, children and relatives.
Thus, he won the Rnong medal by defeating Song.
The krai cannot become a riewmadan at any time.
Later, KHNAM said that it had received information that the department intends to abolish the project and on this basis it had met with the Minister of Electricity.
“Eighty years because of strength” Psalm 90:1
The truck and the body of the assistant have been recovered by the Nongpoh Police Station and NHAI. Witnesses said that the driver of the truck lost control of the truck. The truck, which was traveling from Shillong to Guwahati, was carrying a large amount of goods.
Among the top scorers for Shillong Sixers were Meinam Amit Singh (57 runs from 24 balls) and Azeem Nongkynrih (34 runs from 23 balls).
In an interview with a farmer who used to buy phan, he said that there are many types of phan and the phan is very good or the first number is bought at 10 tyngka, the second number is 8 tyngka and the third number is 8 tyngka. bought at the rate of 6 rupees per kilo.
“We have come to demand that it should not be handed over to the Sohra Hima but after explaining that there is nothing that the Council can do to change the Elaka,” he said.
The SP said that Bah Mawiong was arrested while he was trying to block stones and burn shaka in the middle of the 4 mer road.
The exhibition was organized by the G20 Secretariat in collaboration with the Ministry of Textiles and State Governments/UTs. Ajeevika participated in the Crafts Bazaar.
“Don't force us teachers to take to the streets with our relatives.
This is not the job of a legislator.
“At the meeting, which was also attended by UDP leaders including Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Allantry F Dkhar and Bah Joe Marweiñ, the candidate said that during their walk around they heard that all the ud that the five years of Khadar's rule have brought suffering and misery.
"The Government has worked with its goal to ensure that Meghalaya will rise even higher.
SP won by 24 runs and Steve Syiemlieh who scored 33/3 was named man of the match.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the IED blast in Them Metor, Mawlong Market on the night of the 9th of this month. month to evict the Harijan communities from this area.
Stroke rates in the United States (US) have increased significantly among young people, according to a study by the American Academy of Neurology.
There are some herbal remedies that are rich in cholesterol which we also use in health foods such as shynrai, syieng and rynsun, these can control the increase or amount of cholesterol. Cholesterol.
Meanwhile, Mawlai Presbyterian College beat St. Francis D' Assisi College 1-0
Shillong, Nailur 09: The HSPDP, the only political party to take part in a meeting convened by the government to discuss the proposal to draft a law on Rangbah Shnongs in the state, has said that it supports any Speaking to reporters after leaving the meeting, the government's bill to empower the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs should be in accordance with the provisions of the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC. HSPDP MLA Witting Mawsor said, “The party supports the government to pass any Bill to empower the Village Authorities and Rangbah Shnongs but it should not go beyond the rules. in the 2014 VAB′′.
It seems like a hard nut to crack, but when it comes to doing it, it becomes a hard nut to crack, although it is true that no one in Meghalaya has a job. The authority has the power to allocate hundreds and thousands of kilometers of Meghalaya land to Assam, except for the Parliament of India.
The JAF, which includes four parties, SBYWA, JSM, JYF, NEIF and four villages of Umsatii, Ladwahwapung, Deinsatlang and Pynurkba, has decided to hold a rally on the 17th of this month if the JHADC and the government do not agree. NOC of M/s Unique Industry Coke Factory.
Speakers included Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, Nehlang Lyngdoh, Dapmaiñ Shylla, Balios Swer and others. Priest.
However, the traditional method of fishing is difficult because they have to endure the heat, they have difficulty in keeping their workplace clean and it also consumes a lot of wood to burn.
The order urges everyone to follow the guidelines of the state health department regarding social distancing.
Superintendent of Police, EKHD, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, IPS, said that the seizure of heroin came after a Sumo driver informed the police about the presence of the heroin. It is suspected that two passengers were left inside the vehicle.
“What is the point of giving them weapons to protect the people but at the same time they forbid them to shoot even one person?” he asked.
In 1986, a temporary permission was granted to Domiasiat, but it was found that the agreement between the mining company and the company had been violated. break it all.
Will the Government forgive the loans taken by the farmers? Therefore, the Agriculture Policy is urgently needed in the state to better assist the farmers who are still living in agriculture and not only that, the Government has Farmers should also be encouraged to cultivate crops that do not use chemical fertilizers in order to preserve the traditional agriculture as promoted by the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS). to the fire.
After this, they said that the work will be completed in November.
“We have received information about the unexpected behavior of Assam.
Roman Catholic Evening School, Mihmyntdu, which represented Meghalaya in the U-14 boys category, lost in the quarterfinals on 11th November
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Wanshailang Kharshandy, said that after receiving information about this news, the party has not hesitated.
The child, James Brooklyn Kharkrang, was on his way to the toilet with other friends in a bus number ML-10B
Shillong, July 11 : Meghalaya will host the 132nd Durand Cup, the oldest football tournament in Asia, after the Local Organizing Committee (LOC) of the The tournament has announced Shillong, Meghalaya and Sir Kokrajhar in Assam as the new venues for the hosting of this prestigious football tournament in India.
Along with his other contributions, the MTDF is fortunate to have him as its first Chairman as under his leadership the Forum has been able to do many things.
In 2022, she will compete for the first time in a tournament organized by the West Jaintia Adventure Cycling Association in Jowai.
When asked, Gavin said that the appointment of Ministers is left to the discretion of the Prime Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma.
This was announced after a meeting between the Minister in charge of DoNER Dr Jitendra Singh and a Japanese delegation led by Ambassador Kenji Hiramatsu in the capital today.
In one part of the village, there is a land of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited, which is currently constructing a sub station, in order to improve its services to the people of Mawryngkneng area. Electrical power supply.
Five students from 40 schools in the city and surrounding areas have been selected to participate in the camp.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court today dismissed the case of Amita Sangma and Agnes Kharshiing, who demanded a CBI inquiry into the shooting death of them in Sohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills. , on November 8th of last year.
The FKJGP urges the Government to issue a strict order to all banks and schools as well, to respect the beliefs and religion of the Seng Khasi in order to avoid the There is no religious difference in this state.
He also strongly condemned the government's haste to inaugurate projects which have just been built or constructed but have not been completed just because of the election.
He said that in order to shape the future of our children, it is up to us parents.
They came with the intention of meeting the Chief Minister to submit a memorandum demanding a government college in Khliehriat but the police stopped them.
“At present, all the rulers who are appointed by Sanad have to protect themselves and cannot say what they should say,” said Bah John in a statement. Thread.
General Qassem Soleimani, commander of the Revolutionary Guard Force (Quds Force), was shot dead by a US drone in eastern Iraq. near his own grave, where many had gathered to pay tribute to the commander.
Also present on the occasion were Balajied Rani, Nongpoh MDC, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MDC, Deputy Commissioner Arpirt Upadhyaya, SP Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, Speaker of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, BB Makdoh, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, RB Shadap, President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar and including officers, elders and youth of Ri Bhoi.
Under the leadership of the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang and members of the Sengkmie, the Sengkmie on that day visited Umlaper village. On the border between Assam and Meghalaya, many development works have been carried out by the Assam government rather than the Meghalaya government.
“The implementation process for the formation of the new party has started to stall due to the presence of the BJP campaign in Delhi in July.
“Our achievement of a full state at that time was due to the willingness of leaders from different ethnic groups to demand our own state through the Hills State Movement,” she added.
“There have been three cases of COVID-19 in connection with the gathering on 12th October 2020, where about 100 people attended the gathering,” he said. Sarma, while speaking to reporters today.
That is why any country that attacks Jerusalem will become like a wild beast, a kings of beasts.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 8: The election is still a few months away, but the wind of campaigning to promote the parties has started blowing unexpectedly and in every village, where it has been heard Many people have started preparing to contest the 2023 MLA election. When we tried to monitor, we found that from all over the country. There are indeed many changes in the state, where people enter and leave one household to another.
As reported, all of them were healed.
The suspect was arrested for theft and is from Garobahda village.
He said they have now appealed to the High Court of Meghalaya to hear the case for a fair trial.
There have been media reports in recent days that Kong Ampareen has said that the demand to make Tura the capital during the rainy season is inappropriate.
The poorest MLA is Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA Laitumkhrah and she has only T.23,518 in 2008 but her wealth has increased to T. .21 lakh in
“We have come to encourage Bah Ardent, as a leader of the jaitbynriew, who has taken this step to hold a strike in this area to force the government, that the time has come to “It's a good idea to revise or review the Reservation Policy which has been implemented for 50 years,” he said.
She briefed the meeting on the aspects of schemes implemented by the Department for persons with disabilities.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the action of the authorities in connection with the incident in Tura was like a premeditation.
We will see in the MP elections next year whether Modi will be able to return as Prime Minister for the third term.
The Pradhan Minister TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan (PMTBMBA) is a program launched by the Central Government which was launched by the President of India Drupadi Murmu on 9th July Through this program, the government aims to provide assistance to TB patients and at the same time to encourage all citizens of India from leaders, officers, Various NGOs, private individuals to come forward to help those who have contracted the disease in terms of nutritious food.
Meanwhile, in Phase II of the Capacity Building Programme, Black Pottery Trainees were conducted by the RC&E Division at MGIRI, Wardha from 6th October to 4th November, for 16 farmers from Larnai and Tyrshang.
Senior BJP leader Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay has filed a petition in the Supreme Court demanding that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act should not be implemented in new areas. The court will order the Nagaland government not to do so, but not to repeal the Act altogether.
He said that in fact there was an agreement at the meeting with the Minister earlier that the company should continue not to cut the salary. finished during the meeting but management doesn’t listen and cuts right off.
Richardson Kwaku Denzell (90+4) and Lalchungnunga Chhangte (90+6) scored two more goals for Lajong. that point.
When he is responsible, he has a love, a relationship with his wife, because it is love that is the foundation of his marriage relationship with her (Ephesians 5:25, 28).
He said that because he was holding the trucks, he was affected by the arrested people and they tried to disturb him to create trouble until he took his own life.
However, France under Didier Deschamps as manager have won all seven of their qualifying matches. Ruro (European Championship qualifying match) jointly with Belgium, Portugal and the host country, Germany is the host country for Euro
Mawkyrwat, Lber 28: The Mawlangwir Sports Club (MSC) will hold the Spring Festival Football Tournament 2022 at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir.
Many of the residents especially parents and students who have complained to Mawphor by phone said that if they have not been informed in advance or if it is the load shedding, they don't feel anything because They had already prepared emergency lights or candles but because of the sudden outage, it put them in great trouble.
The incident occurred after the residents of the village informed the authorities about hearing gunshots last night.
pH is a measure of the quality of water or soil and to determine the acidity of water or soil or pH is a measure of acidity or the alkalinity of the water or soil.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Therefore, the BJP invites all the members and office bearers of the party in West Khasi Hills to attend the celebration. meeting and explanation of Programs and Schemes of the Local Government.
In the end, fathers as men will be the heads of mothers and children.
“This is the time when we need to hold the people accountable to walk in the right path, we cannot support the corruption of the Congress party, to say that the BJP central government is insulting us. “It's something we can't accept, where do you think the BJP is saying that it's going to destroy the scheme of the state government if you have Utilization Certificate (UC),” he said. “Even if our own child asks for money, we can't give it as much as he asks for if he doesn't have enough counts, which parents abuse their children, listen to me," he said.
Chamberlain B Marak and Rakman Ch Marak are Congress leaders from Bajengdoba.
Gaude said that during the visit they also sought information on how to clean up the garbage from households and others and after that we will collect the information and take back the opinion. first and send it to the government.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 11 cases including one from the Armed Forces, 9 cases from high risk and one from abroad.
The only thing that is needed for us is humility, patience, self-confidence and strong faith,” said the father.
Earlier, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, while raising the issue, said that the society in these days has suffered due to the deterioration of the households.
The village is surrounded by small streams and is like a dewlynnong during the rainy season especially during the heavy rains.
Shillong: U President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Basaiawmoit today launched an indefinite strike in front of the Main Secretariat.
“Oh Bah Deng, I'm sorry.
When asked about the trust of the drivers, he said that before issuing the permit, they have already received verification from the police.
“All Government departments have to spend 10% of the Gross Budget Support (GBS) allocated to them for the benefit of the North East.
From Jerobad to Nowgong to Haflong to Silchar lane 8 mer West Jaintia Hills.
In its hearing today, the High Court has ruled that the collection of revenue by the KHADC or the installation of revenue gates by the KHADC for vehicles carrying land is unauthorized or unrecognized by the KHADC. the Act or is not constitutionally valid.
The send off ceremony was conducted by the Chiefs of Mission, Patrick Lamare in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia District, Bah BS Sohliya, organizers, parents of the children. men and women among others.
NUTRITION1
According to the complaint, the perpetrator was identified as Batborlin Syiemlieh and he continued to commit the crime for most of the time from October to June last year. He also took advantage of the shortage of the woman and went to meet her at her residence in the morning.
Referring to the Megha Health Insurance Scheme, she said that the MHIS of Meghalaya has now been linked to the special scheme of the Prime Minister so that the people can get the benefits and therefore it is necessary to register. Aadhaar to receive benefits.
Talented youth from children are invited to showcase their talents starting from home through Meghalaya Got Talent.
The residents of Umsyiem have praised the bravery of the young man who rescued the woman.
This special scheme is the Maternal Child Health Hospital at Panaliar, Jowai which was inaugurated on 3rd November 2022 by Conrad K Sangma.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 14 cases, including Mairang cluster 3, Nongstoin cluster 2 and Rwiang cluster
Shillong, November 08: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today were arrested by the police for holding a protest demanding Inner Line Permit (ILP) in front of the residence of the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
The investigation is ongoing into the disappearance of the vehicle from the village, police said.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has decided to continue its protest until the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills and the state government remove the KAAC revenue collection gate at Khanduli.
Leaders of KSU Mawlai said that only the shelter home has been given special permission because the KSU has seen with its own eyes the urgent need of the shelter home.
In his speech, which was posted on social media, Ramdev said, “Allopathy is a stupid and divine science”. )".
The President said that after seeing the news related to Bah Hima, the party has informed the Disciplinary Committee and it is up to the committee to consider and call for a meeting. he.
Mawkyrwat : Kenïong is one of the villages that produces Knup every year.
This type of exercise should be encouraged.
First of all, before we get to this topic, let's talk a little bit about the Leader.
He said that the protesters in Assam have been beaten up and more than 200 people have been arrested and charged with fighting against the country.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary, Bah Kyllang Thongni, said that the people living in the border areas, especially those who are from outside the state, can hold two EPICs to vote. has raised issues regarding the settlement of the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya.
He said the budget for the year 2012-2013, which is T.33.28 crore, has been approved by the High Level Monitoring Committee (HLMC).
That future or that tomorrow of us, along with the inheritance to come, will be according to our choices and decisions.
“The government and JHADC should stop the illegal activities of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAADC) in appointing Goanbura/Rambura which undermines the powers of the Rangbah Shnong and is against the customs of the Paid. Khasi Pnar”, said the youth.
It’s important to accept that you will never win the argument or be able to change the opinion that others have.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to reduce its repo rate by 75 basis points to 4.4 per cent from 5.15 per cent.
Regarding the victory of the curfew, although the police have admitted that the party has collapsed, the HNLC has said that it has been able to show the victory in the area. from one day to the next.
However, unfortunately, Meghalaya has not yet been able to receive this much needed benefit although it may be able to receive it later but it will be slow.
One of those who attended the song, said, “This is a place under Ranikor on the Bangladesh border, and now we want to ring this song at this place, but we don't. I'm confused because I don't know, when I reach Bangladesh, whether they are allowed to ring, look friend, I'll draw a sign to show you that this is the border between Bangladesh and Meghalaya. .
The reason why the Longkmie, Auto drivers and the Dorbar Shnong have taken this step is after they saw that these parts of the Wah Umiam and the roadside, have become too dirty, because The spread of people on the road and also in the Umiam River, where the spread of people has caused pollution and has destroyed the village.
He said that a doctor of the Civil Hospital, who did not want to be named, has also recovered from the disease.
There were also others who came to the temple after the incident.
:To mark the 13th Anniversary of the Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) of Shillong College, the first meeting of entrepreneurs was held at the College in collaboration with PRIME Meghalaya.
Therefore, mobile numbers are not involved in the authentication process.
Shillong: U Bosewell Khong Thorem, former Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet, and his group have expressed their strong opposition to the appointment of Bitlinwell Khongthiem as Acting Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet Hima. Conflict.
The people have to think carefully, who will be the nominee in the 2024 election.
For the sake of safety and security in traffic, the office of the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District has made new arrangements regarding the traffic rules as an experiment.
Cameron Diaz has returned to acting after many years and she feels like happiness has come back to her life and she is very happy that she has been able to do so. opened it again to act and take part in Hollywood films.
The Deputy CEM seat will also go to the UDP and the EMs will be divided 5-4 between the NPP which won 12 constituencies and the UDP 10 constituencies.
“If the NIOS authorities fail to implement the demands including to resolve the issues in the resolution, to issue a written request to extend the term of the D.El.
Hawking's children, including Lucy, Robert and Tim, issued a statement saying, "We are deeply saddened that our beloved father has passed away.
“If the government doesn't believe us, we as the residents will refuse to work with the government especially in the fight against Covid 19,” said Helping Phawa. reports after a meeting held at Lad-Jaliah, East Jaintia Hills today.
"I called Bah Deng, although he didn't want to know, but he didn't listen.
Perhaps this is one of the reasons why so many young people have turned to drugs in the hope of relief from them.
Within 1260 days or 42 months, it will be time to ratify the peace treaty between Israel, Palestine and the Arab Muslims who are still at war.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has once again failed to hold an environmental public hearing (EPH) for the proposed mining of Star Cement at Brishyrnot in East Jaintia Hills District. The reason for the opposition of the Waheh Shnong of Lumshnong Village who opposed the EPH in Lumshnong without the permission of the government from the Dorbar Shnong.
The test revealed that heroin weighing 197.35 grams.
The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced the victory of the NPP-led Meghalaya government. to ensure growth in all sectors including employment opportunities, tourism and agriculture which will be focused on by the government in the next five years.
On the other hand, the Seng urges the law enforcement authorities to take measures to punish according to the rules of law all those involved in this illegal activity and also to search for others. Those involved in this case have not been arrested yet.
He said that when looking at the hills and rivers, they have been destroyed and people have destroyed the trees, hills and rivers especially during the rainy season. by Volunteers to maintain the forests and to eradicate the burning of lawbah 'lawsan.
Bah Shangpliang said that this is through receiving a complaint from two villages, Dangar Dop and Lalpani (in Balat area), because of the intrusion of Bangladeshi citizens to stand. They came to enter the Umngi River across the Umngi River to smuggle in and steal the property of the people who were still on the border of India. They live in Dangar Dop and Lalpani.
At the same time, he said, “If the farmers' strike continues, I will leave my job and join them without discrimination.
It is alleged that the Karbi people have been hostile to these trees and have destroyed them without the ownership of these trees.
She also questioned why the National Health Mission says that any ASHA who can work for up to 50 years and after 40 years of service, if she retires, she will be given the Golden Handshake. twenty thousand pieces of silver.
During the monitoring of the development works from the government, it was found that there are still many villages which do not have adequate drinking water.
“At the same time, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah said that the demand of ACHIK is groundless.
When young and unemployed children drop out of school because of lack of support from home, the question is – does the government care about this? Has the MLA been concerned to see that instead of going to school, the children have to go to school to hunt goats and cows? This is a very fast-paced age.
Regarding the Personal Interview for Grade or Group A, the Seng since last years has demanded that the Personal Interview should be conducted in the presence of cameras to avoid fraud such as has been heard from time to time.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister congratulated the Chief Ministers who attended and said that their leadership will encourage the district to work hard.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Unit today visited the office of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) at Mihmyntdu.
On the other hand, the SDM said that the meeting also discussed issues related to the measures to implement the repair works in the market before reopening it.
More than 10,000 residents of Sohra East, including Laitryngew, Mawkma, Laitlyndop, Rngi Mawsaw, Mawlyndiar, Sohrarim and Mawmihthied, will die due to the ban on coal mining, coal mining and rnga burning.
Thangamba Meetei talking to reporters.
It also needs to provide some phosphorus and potassium.
What the heck?.
“Although it will take longer to find out who is involved, the police will find out,” said the SP. At about 8pm, the employees, who received from others and immediately, lodged a complaint with the police.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has made it clear that the time is not far off for the closure of the Umïam power plant, which is the main source of electricity supply in the state.
On the other hand, the students also participated in the singing, dancing and also various games and competitions on this day, which is also part of the life of the youth to grow up and have a fun time. in addition to the study they spend every day on.
Seneca, a Roman philosopher, wrote, “If a man thinks only of himself and seeks his own profit, he cannot be happy”.
Post Name:- Junior Engineer Grade– I (Civil)No of posts:- 31 (29+2)Department:- P.H.E.Department/ Housing Department.
His brothers were Blissmai, Pretima, and Cromwell.
On the other hand, the union through Samla Vincent Makri and Michael Lawai expressed their sorrow and shock at the abandonment of the children of this school. MLA and MDC of the area to look after the problems of the people in these rural areas.
“The main objective of this scheme is to ensure that our youth do not rely solely on government jobs but look forward to other opportunities through self-employment.
Furthermore, the traffic jam has also happened at Them Iew Mawlong where for many hours vehicles have been parked in the middle of the road due to the entry of heavy trucks into the crowded public place. really even just small cars.
The leaders of the village, who are still petitioning Bah Latiplang.
The license fee is 50,000 per year.
The public has been banned from entering the area and family members will have to stay at home until further notice.
“My victory is the love and respect of the people for my father.
Last season, Real Madrid finished second in La Liga, 10 points behind Barcelona.
It is learned that the DC has sent letters only to some Rangbah Shnongs.
On the other hand, the CM said that all the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to take the necessary steps to provide immediate relief to the victims of the storm. The storm which occurred on Sunday in different parts of the State.
It was also found that the reason why more men die is because the majority of smokers are men.
It was reported in the media that Punjabis living in Shillong have been threatened by the rebel groups in the state that they will face punishment if they refuse to leave the area.
Other supporters who joined the NPP include leading leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) led by Lastborn Pariong and those from the Congress party led by Lastborn Pariong. Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) President PK Nongmin and others under the leadership of Pelsy Snaitang, former BJP candidate. Gigur Myrthong, MLA/MDC Mawshynrut Constituency and Working President of the NPP Meghalaya expressed his satisfaction that their joining has strengthened the party.
Marcuise M Marak also alleged that the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma from 2010-2018 most of the works were done under the M-LAMP project.
Agrovet's chicken farm is located in Mawthei and Khlieh Umtrew, 9mer.
It was also witnessed that some of the youths who were involved in the protest were shot, shot and bombed with sticks in the middle of the road by the police and some were taken away by the police.
The Arabian Horsemen and the Police led the way.
He said that on the 20th of November, Phibankyntiew came home after class and left the house at 4 pm and since then the family members have not received any information.
There were four leaders in the country who turned against the Khasi State during the preparations for the drafting of the Constitution of India in the Constituent Assembly in New Delhi.
The party also provided as much assistance as possible and blessed the injured for a healthy recovery.
It is here that all the evils of forty kinds and forty kinds come out.
In a letter sent to the Principals of Higher Secondary and Secondary Schools, RM Pariat, in a letter to the Principals of Higher Secondary Schools and Secondary Schools, said that the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, who is also the Chairman of the DTFI, East Khasi Hills, has ordered not to release the results of those students who have not been vaccinated against Measles Rubella.
When the child was brought home, the child and his family members found it difficult to feed or care for them and sought assistance to hand them over to the Wildlife Department. on Tuesday, after a team of journalists, who helped to transport these Khun Khla to the Wildlife Department office in Nongpoh.
Teach your people not only that but also to know the truth.
In the world, they say that there is no enemy or friend.
Expressing that Mawlynnong is like a garden of Eden in the world, one of the tourists said that even in her old age she has tried many times to come to Meghalaya to visit this place where people live. the world is full of stories.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84847 and out of these 83288 have recovered and 1484 have died.
Everything is fine, but you can't use the proper channel.
The body of the man was taken to the Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
In the United States, 3,341,838 cases have been reported and 135,425 deaths have been reported.
It is not the first time that a mother has been refused to give birth in hospitals in Shillong, but recently, we have seen a poor mother, who gave birth in a car and the reason is the same. The same is true that hospitals are not willing to accept patients on the grounds of fear of Covid-1
Those who do not distribute, distribute insufficiently or distribute bad goods should immediately inform the office of the district headquarters.
We demand that the Executive Engineer should explain the reasons why the IB PWD should not be handed over to the private sector”.
“The loss is huge because the ban on coal mining has affected everyone from the coal traders, car owners, petrol sellers and others who have affected their income,” he said. news about the loss of losses due to the NGT coal ban in the last 2 years.
Shangpliang said that last year, the Congress had raised this issue, and the government had promised to resolve it; Then in the dorbar synrai, the issue was raised again and it was promised that they will pay and now another dorbar will come, but this issue of the teachers has not been resolved.
Bah RM ShabongThe BJP has only two MLAs in the state, but it has been seen that their talks have not been smooth and this is clear from the speeches of Bah AL Hek, Bah Sanbor Shullai, then the President of the party and other leaders of the party.
This is a ploy by the BJP Government to ignore and remain silent on the fact that it has to accept those others in Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Pakistan who have been attacked (in the name of religion). ) but I speak clearly that the violence of the authorities against us indigenous people is still greater than the violence against them.
Regarding this issue, Bah Lamphrang Dkhar, one of the elders of Marskuiñ, said that Marskuiñ is a village that has existed since ancient times and in the surrounding areas, there are They are the ones who have a good sense of humor according to the stories told by the ancestors.
The competition was held on Saturday at Umsning Nongthymmai by Mawbyrsiew Group together with the Fete with the aim of raising funds for the youth group of the village and also to showcase the talents and beauties of Umsning area. They also came to witness to the people from all over Ri-Bhoi.
The decision was announced by the Union Minister after a two-day discussion with the leaders of the North Eastern States.
The Chief Minister will unfurl the jubilee flag and thousands of jubilee balloons will be launched.
Both the children are residents of Mookyrdup, Jowai.
The containment has been lifted after testing all the high risk contacts in Mairang Mission and Umthied Bynther Villages.
Recently, the Seng leaders met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to submit a letter to the Government to release the salary which has been suspended for three months and a copy of the petition. The State Project Director of SEMAM, Ambrose Ch.
This year's gold sales are already significantly faster than last year's full-year sales of $2 billion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Police of Laban Police Station have not arrested Suresh Singh for allegedly stabbing his wife Poonam Singh on March 31, 2023 at her residence in Laban. , who was seriously injured and is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
The students who passed the examination were advised to work hard and avoid bad habits to succeed in their studies.
Shillong, July 22 : The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (APOA) on Friday denied that there is a disease in cattle as alleged on social media.
“The government doesn't seem to want to address the issue of the youth,” he said.
The cycle will start from Kiang Nangbah Stadium (starting point) and will proceed from Ladthadlaboh Main Road, New Hill, DC Office, Mynthong, Jrisaleiñ Playground, Khimu-sniang Umshangiar, Chilliangraij, Loomkyrwiang, Iongpiah, Dulong, Tpep. Jowai, July 18: Jowai, July 18: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Jowai On receiving information that there is a Joint Inspection for the Myntdu River conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, the Circle has visited several parts of the river.
The protest against the buyers of jhur in Anjali Market has caused the goods of these farmers to rot in these areas.
Those who are High Risk from containment zones will be tested free of charge and those who wish to undergo RAT/RT-CPR Test will be tested free of charge.
The last date for registration and submission of application forms is 23rd June, 2022.
“They have formed a group called the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) but Conrad Sangma should have changed the MDA to My Development Alliance. five years, they will be the development works of Conrad Sangma,” he said.
Therefore, the government has prohibited the construction of any buildings within the boundary of the area.
The statement also said that the district authorities should ensure that buses should not park along the road at Khyndai Lad as this has caused traffic jam.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 22 : Star Public School Lumshnong, a school owned by Star Cement, has been announced as one of the Top CBSE Schools in India. this in 2021.
He said that if that expenditure is so high, how much will it benefit Meghalaya.
This scheme of the Central Government has benefited many churches to alleviate poverty and improve income in the state as a whole.
The Nokma said they are happy to be under the rule of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and said they do not agree to be under the rule of two rulers.
Under the new rules, government employees who return to the state can apply for discharge only after 7 days of quarantine, and the following are the requirements:-• They must be allowed to test with Rapid Antigen Test when they arrive to register for RT¬PCR Test between 5 and 6 days.
“On the other hand, the MLA said that the existence of this Society is a great honor for the entire region because those who come to inspect and visit their working methods, come not only from all over the country. the world is also.
“Even if there is a law to prevent people from committing illegal acts, such as murder, but murder happens, but the purpose of the law is to punish them. people who break the law" he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, on Tuesday said that those who oppose the government's withdrawal of old T.500 and T.1000 notes are those who have hidden money. from stealing and counterfeiting.
The Executive Magistrate has completed the investigation and the bodies have been taken to the morgue for post mortem at Khliehriat CHC. North Tripura District.
They were cleaned with king wit.
“The influx of new members into the party will encourage the preparations for the 2023 elections,” said Conrad Sangma, who is also the National President of the NPP.
On the opening day of the tournament, only the Under-17 category will be played.
Kolkata, July 16: Trinamool Congress MP and Bollywood actor Mithun Chakraborty today handed over Rs 1.2 crore to the Enforcement Directorate (ED). from the Saradha Group during his tenure as a journalist, the group which has been accused of corruption and is under investigation.
The Roberts Hospital has also faced many challenges from time to time and has many shortcomings in the management.
Other decisions taken at the meeting were on the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to curb the spread of Covid-1
He said that MeECL will take measures to punish those companies which fail to pay the electricity bill according to the rules of law.
“We expect the Governor to sign the bill into law as soon as possible,” said Laitsing Shylla.
“We will support the agreement until the end of the five years,” said Bah Lanong.
The source of the Brahmaputra River originates in Tibet at the foot of the Mangkashang Mountains and flows east through Tibet and then enters Assam through NEFA and North Lakhimpur.
Dawandapura Pathaw scored two hat-tricks while Jonas Nongbri, Shanbok Marboh and Sondingroy Rngaid scored two goals each.
Speaking to reporters, Biangbor Paliar, President KSU Mawlai Circle said that members of KSU and FKJGP have stopped the trucks entering Mawlai to explain to them the time of entry. The Acting Deputy Commissioner, Mawlai Nongmali, said that the truck stop was also attended by the Village Authorities of Mawlai Nongmali. However, the youth said that while the members of the Sengbhalang were holding the trucks to clarify the time of entry and exit, the police in SOT uniform suddenly came out. There were also policemen in uniform who were accompanied by CRP personnel at the scene.
Especially that the Raid will be safe, prosperous, prosperous, prosperous and prosperous for each and every family, healthy and free from any trouble from all over.
There are three posts, including 2 posts of Assistant Teacher (Arts) and 1 post of Assistant Teacher (Life Science).
Also present on the occasion was the Sub Inspector of Food Supply, Bah R.Laloo, Technical Assistant of FCI-FSD Jowai, Bah Darlet Dkhar. He said that as part of the Digital India initiative within the FSD-Jowai office, all the employees have their own computers which makes it easier for the staff to work in the FSD-Jowai office. different parts.
At the same time, it suggested to the KHADC to implement the Establishment of Town Committees Act
The MSMHC sisters have worked at two sites in Myanmar, the second site will be dedicated on 24th June, 2019 at Tedim in the Diocese of Kalay.
“We have also used technology to arrest drug traffickers and the CID has worked hard to use technology to track down the involvement of drug traffickers.
In West Khasi Hills, 5 cases, 56 cases in Ribhoi, 16 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 17 cases in West Garo Hills, 4 cases in South Garo Hills and 2 cases in South Garo Hills.
He said that the church's activities are not for the benefit or glory of anyone but for the glory of God and the church has done good to many people and to him. he also concludes by saying ' let us not forget those who have done good to us'
The government has set up 166 factories and 34 cold storages besides exporting agricultural products such as sohniamtra, shynrai, sohtrun abroad including Dubai and other European countries.
He came to Earth to do God's will.
Before God sent this Prophet to this world, the earth was darkness covered with darkness and people were covered with darkness in their relationship with God or with the Spirit of God.
“It will be found because there is a Khasi daju whom you know well,” said the mother.
“I am just showing you these documents and it is your duty as journalists to investigate,” he said.
The party will find out the reasons why the government has dismissed the three officers appointed in the Lokayukta.
In this way, the team writer gets a forecast if the numbers he writes match exactly in the first round and the second round.
Conrad expressed his confidence that these students will contribute to the development of the state and the country as a whole.
Jobby Justin and another in the 42nd minute by the same player which could be said to be due to a mistake between the players and the goalkeeper.
The establishment of such lym pung will help the State to prepare for the 39th National Games in the coming years.
He said that many of the items have not yet arrived and in the coming days, the items that will arrive are good from household items, clothes and many other items. kinds of items that cannot be bought from the market.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced that the counting of votes for the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya will be held on 19th June.
“Bah Chyne said that when this Khasi health center is opened, the first thing that will bring benefits is for the Khasi health workers, who often don't get the inheritance. If they die, this knowledge will go with that person, but through this Institute it will provide training to young people who want to learn Khasi care.
Pay Scale:- Level 11th of the Revised Pay StructureEducational Qualification:- B.Sc Computer Science OR BCA 3 (Three) years with Class XII OR CSE Diploma 3(Three) years.
According to researchers, the nutrients contained in pathaw can protect against cancers, high acidity, inflammation in the body.
The Dorbar Shnong also urged to make proper use of the funds received from the Central Government as well as the funds received from the banks to pay all the loans so that the citizens of the State can escape. from such current problems.
After this, Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang, who wanted to know how to conduct the examination for the post of Enforcement Inspector and other vacant posts, was also present. On the other hand, the Minister said that in the past two years, the state has had to go through many difficulties due to the spread of Covid-1
All these villages are located in the East Khasi Hills District.
The incident happened near the gate of the Additional Secretariat.
Dakti Craft, Shillong with the support of the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society under the Labor Department of the State Government on 11th March distributed construction equipment. Tool Kit to 15 farmers who completed the training from 20.05.2023 to 25-05-2023 at the Common Facility Center of Women's Group & Handicraft Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd, Madankynng-Mowkynsaw.
When he stayed in the city, Bhalang became very clever and clever just by looking at his face and eyes.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, South Jowai.
For example, when the missionaries came to establish schools and colleges in India, they produced bright stars for India itself, not for themselves.
He said that on the statement of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh before Murmu on the attack on Christians, the BJP should not be blamed alone and it is not the place to raise this issue at such a meeting.
The body of the girl was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong for postmortem.
The MFA requires 60 volunteers and those interested can submit their applications to the MFA office at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Polo, Shillong, or through Meghalaya.
I remember when I was a child, I was about 8 to 10 years old, when I met other children ap-masi ap-blang on the hill, there was a lot of rngob, beiñ. There is a conflict between the children between the two cases from the children of the village by making statements that those children in one village are such and such by repeating many kinds of insults and condemnations against each other.
He said that the dispute from time to time is only with Myn-i and Umpawiang villages because these two villages prevent the Khanduli residents from farming in the fields of the Khanduli residents. the village is inhabited by the Karbi.
In the presence of Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of Umsning Circle, Samla Devan Warjri, President of Umsning Circle, Bah Rocky Marwein Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Circle. Proper-B water and many others.
The Dordaarshan Kendra Shillong, which was opened on 30.04.1993, has allowed talented singers to showcase their new and contemporary Khasi musicians.
She said that their need and demand from the government is to build good roads, office buildings to have roads to facilitate and facilitate the disabled.
When inquired, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Executive Engineer of PWD (Building) Ransom Sutnga has recently replied to the showcause notice seeking an explanation. his involvement in politics.
These rangiakura have been participating in various iakura tournaments in which they have won in the iakura tournaments in the State and abroad as well.
Instead of improving in education and income, we have declined in both these most important areas of any state.
During the search of the vehicle, police recovered 45 song of Yaba (Amphetamine) Tablets hidden in the vehicle. worth up to Rs 2.7 crore.
This is not the third time such an incident has happened in Tongseng.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen the child to inform the police or phone the following numbers: 8119010478 /
Some of the rules are: The first rule says that we should respect other drinkers when we meet anywhere, we should love each other, and everyone should be equal.
It can be said that the loss of life is partly due to the negligence of the parents of the children who allowed to drive a car or two wheelers without following the rules of law and partly due to the police. driving vehicles that are not registered to check the documents of drivers and two wheelers.
Because of the busy schedule, the ability to eat on time is difficult and many find it difficult to make time.
“We will leave it to the wisdom of the people to decide whether this is right or wrong by the Prime Minister to his party candidate,” said Bah Dkhar.
All the people of the country considered this their victory," he said.
There will be no disruption in the celebration of Republic Day,” Yadav said.
According to sources, at 9 pm, the robbers attacked and stabbed Bobby at Basa Tympew on Tuesday night and stabbed him in the head.
“We want Kongieid to take over the leadership of the party and be the party's candidate in the 2018 MLA elections,” said a voice from several Congress leaders in Mawlai.
And this not only asked but encouraged the Christian community.
Earlier, four MDCs including Martle and Sherborlang of the HSPDP, Lambor Malngiang, independent MDC and Batskhem Ryntathiang had lodged a complaint with the MDA leadership not to allow the UDA MDCs to have free will. The UDP has not been able to elect a leader to take over the post of CEM, as it has not brought about a change in the Council, which is still under the Administrator rule.
The handover ceremony was attended by Bah Teiborlang Pathaw (MDC) EM of KHADC, as the Chief Guest, Bah PT Passah, ADM as the Symbud Chief Guest. Deputy Commandant Shri AK Lakhera and Khushwinder Singh of the Assam Rifles.
The Round of 16 started in November 2022 and ended in July 2023, with 16 teams qualifying for the quarterfinals. .
It was after the establishment of the District Council.
Shillong, November : U Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on the 6th of this month has distributed computers to schools and Mawsiatkhnam village at his office. in the middle of Mawlai.
“However, in an effort to ensure the most effective implementation of the Policy, the University will discuss in detail any shortcomings or issues that may arise during the implementation of the Policy, which will be discussed at the next meeting of the Academic Council,” said Prof Shukla after a meeting with the MCTA.
This is Zechariah's prophecy in Israel that a King would come, a King of Israel, a righteous, a Saviour, a merciful one, and it was for Israel to receive him with joy and gladness. and the sign was given unto him, that he should enter Jerusalem, riding upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.
We are part of the plant and they are part of us.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has started preparing for the 2024 MDC elections as it has allowed the working circles to consider the candidates who wish to apply for tickets.
It is for this reason, as mentioned above, that even the Supreme Court and all the High Courts of India have not yet been able to take any decision on the issue of UCC and the Supreme Court has not yet taken a decision on the issue. In a 1994 case, in the case of Maharishi Avadhesh v. Government of India, the Supreme Court rejected the Maharishi's request to establish the UCC and ordered him to go to the UCC. the Government shall not be entitled to do so, because the Court shall not decide on such matters.
There have been 98 new cases in the past 24 hours, while 50 cases have been reported on Tuesday.
Earlier, Meghalaya and Assam had also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Assam after receiving the reports of the Regional Boundary Committees.
Speaking to reporters, National Spokesperson of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Pawan Khera said that according to his investigation into the NPP's statement, it is not only those outside the government who have been accused of corruption. They have accused the MDA government of being corrupt.
The Khasi people used to say that the gods were forbidden to marry and the word shyiengkrung is taken from the Christian story of how Eve came from Adam's rib.
On this occasion, the JBB&FA also distributed awards to the journalists in Jaintia Hills, to the Body Builders who won outside the States and others.
Ronaldo started his career as a child with Andorinha, where he played for two years before joining CD Nacional.
The party convenes a general meeting from time to time and not less than once a year according to the constitution, said Bah Enrico D Pasi.
The injured man was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment.
The total expenditure for this year is T.215,36,17,400 crore and the output will be T.215,35,68,860 crore.
After India gained independence, this place became the residence of the Governor of the State to this day.
The fire is a good servant, but the master is wicked.
Shortly after, it was learned that the leaflet was placed not only inside the Baniun church, but also in the Sadew Presbyterian Church, which is near Baniun. at the same time in these two churches, in the second service which was held on Sunday.
Referring to Bah Ardent's request to change the Reservation Policy, Bah Metbah said, “There is a Prime Minister and his Cabinet who should look into this issue and I leave it to the discretion. and I don't want to criticize the demand for change by any political party," he added.
Teilinia won the MDC election 2014 from the HSPDP and remained in the party until the end of her term and now she has joined the PDF. Shillong: A policeman identified as Nickson Sangma of Police Reserve, Shillong has shot dead a taxi driver. The incident occurred at Sohbala, Umsning (Ri Bhoi).
The Word of God tells us that three wise men from the east followed the star that signified the birth of the Son of the King.
“We don't accept and we can't allow such things because it can encourage others to come.
On the same day, there was also an examination and distribution of medicines to the sick, registration of those who do not have MHIS card, Adhaar card, free gas connection and many others. the government has allocated special funds for the public.
Specifically, the Government through the implementation of the National Clean Air Programme, the Government through the Committee will also conduct various training programs for the public together with factory owners and others working with the government authorities. In order to reduce the reputation of Byrnihat as the worst polluter in India.
When he handed over the money to the cashier, the cashier said that the money was less than T.1,06,000/-.
He expressed his difficulty in implementing the UDP's demand in a short period of time.
So far, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu have the highest number of cases, accounting for 60.35 per cent of all cases in India and 60 per cent. , who have recovered from the disease, the report said.
As a Presbyterian Christian, I respect and am proud of the traditional religion of the 7th trep which teaches and teaches 'Respect your own, Respect the property of others.
Every restaurant and hotel produces hundreds of plastic bottles every day.
The Village Leaders of New Jirang have expressed their gratitude to the owners of this land who have donated this land which will be a great help to the residents of Jirang and hope that after The completion of this construction will provide a full service to the area and will also provide convenience to the patients who have to travel from Nongpoh or Assam for medicine in difficult times.
Sinner, 21, from Italy, almost beat Djokovic in the quarter-finals of Wimbledon last year before the Serbian returned home with a victory.
It was suggested to hold classes three days a month and then two days in preparation for the youth at home.
Prah's victory in the upcoming MP, MDC and MLA elections will cleanse the country of corruption, even if there are young people who have submitted tenders in a clean manner and received the election. the tender, but they were forced to give it away.
On the other hand, Br.
“It cannot be said that the government's intention to bring the Railway to the state is a blessing to the people, because through the Railway it will bring many benefits, especially in the development of the country. However, the reason why we are opposed is because the government has not taken action to issue strict rules and regulations, especially regarding the illegal entry of foreign authorities,” said Ferdynald Kharkamni.
The two injured were identified as Soma Devi, 37, who sustained injuries to her leg and hand when she fell on the footpath while running outside the house and Chitra Ghosh, who was also a woman. fell off the traffic rules.
He hoped that with the protection of the gods and kings, the Behdeiñkhlam festival will end with the blessings of the Creator. saja, to have enough income and to prosper.
said the Symbud Prime Minister.
These days it has become very difficult to enter the market because all the streets have been overcrowded by the vendors and the market has become crowded and is no longer a clean and tidy market.
However, I was told by the officers that they have convinced the Dorbar Shnongs to install the water pipes,” said Dr Laloo.
Ampareen said it would be a blessing to the people of Garo Hills if they could restore peace.
Mukhla Raij beat Mynthong 1-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Shillong: Ka KSU Mawlai Circle today received information that there are foreign workers at ISBT Mawiongrim. They should leave immediately, especially at this time when the State is still in the midst of a fierce fight against the Coronavirus (COVID 19).
Here are the Agnates and Cognates rules.
Not only that, but Abdul also stole by putting only one side of the juti in the box of the juti.
“Of course we need schemes and development works, the state government has to look after that, because the District Council as it is now is working with the state government,” said Bah Sawkmie.
The state is also looking into purchasing electricity from the Open Grid to strengthen the distribution of electricity.
After playing in the Football League since 2000, he was selected to join the Select Group for the Premier League, FA Cup League Cup and Football League.
I believe that the Government will resolve these issues, because if these problems continue and if the people who need an ambulance do not get the assistance who will be responsible whether the Government or GVK,” said the president of the GVK. KSU.“One thing I want to say is that if non-tribals without licenses go to tied doors in KHADC, then it is a shame, because these are our fellow citizens and The Government should listen to their concerns,” said Bah Marngar.
He said his government has not been able to do anything in the fight against criminals, illegal mining, land grabbing and evidence against Lalit Modi. .
She said that the case will be heard by the court on the 28th of June to give a verdict.
“We will not go to the people to promise heaven and give hell, we will promise what we can do,” he said.
Shillong, July 25: U Purno Sangma, MP from Tura, has been awarded the Padma Vibhushan, the first time for a Meghalayan to receive the award. and the second, in the whole country.
“I am not saying that the documents, maps and boundaries of the Hima are not necessary, but what we are trying to do here is to find a way to reconcile.
In the past few days or in the past of the nation or the state, we have seen those leaders who have dedicated themselves for the people of the state or the people of the nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government will proceed with the holding of elections in the GHADC, although the proposal to increase the number of MDCs is still with the government. “The proposal to hold elections to the GHADC will go smoothly as usual for 29 MDCs, not as demanded by the ANVC. “It's a good idea to increase the number to 40,” said Dr Sangma.
Thirty-two Self Help Groups under the jurisdiction of two Village Organizations including Nangkiew Shaphrang VO and Iaseiñlang VO Cham Cham, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday conducted a cleanliness drive from Cham Cham to Sahksaw. and Rynji Falls which attract tourists from all over the country.
Twelve districts from across India received the award under the Swachh Bharat Mission.
“As a state, we need to have intelligent rulers and not those who follow the models of other states, Kerala, Gujarat models will not work but we need to introduce the Meghalaya Model and as the party we want this. ," said Dr. Aman War.
Piwel Shylla, MLA, welcomed the members of the party.
The invention of the chip is aimed at helping Musk's brain work, especially for those with memory and mental illnesses or those with mental illness. budlum disease, in which they can no longer work or touch, but which they can only explain through the power of the mind.
On the night of 13.04.2020, the Chief Minister announced that a doctor of Bethany Hospital has tested positive for Covid-1
Former Union Minister and Congress leader Sachin Pilot on 21st June alleged that the BJP and NPP have failed to fulfill and implement their promises despite having in force all five years.
However, in the midst of these, Bah Hopingstone was removed as Chief Organizer and Bah PR Kyndiah was appointed.
East Khasi Hills has 126 cases, Ribhoi District has 58 cases and West Garo Hills has 69 cases.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh said that the Seng Samla has a great role to play in building the community and the society as they have many young minds. He also remembered the longdien who have passed away and urged the Seng to work and serve in the village to be the leaders, because it is not easy to carry out the activities of the Seng. The youth organization has been celebrating its silver jubilee for 25 years.
It is the duty of the Dorbar Shnongs and government authorities to monitor the entry and exit of refugees from Manipur.
Shivam Lohakare, one of the country's best athletes, won the silver medal at the Asian U20 Athletics Championship in Yecheon. Mohit Chaudhary came ninth after his 62.72m throw.
“We urge the DC to take action and talk to the state government by appointing inspectors on this issue to relieve the consumers when there is any problem,” he said.
If the battle belongs to God, do you need to go to the battlefield? Chronicles 20:16 – 17 Tomorrow go down against them; behold, they come from the hill of Siz; and ye shall find them at the end of the camp, before the wilderness of Jeruel: ye shall not fight in this battle: set your faces, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD with you.
Because according to the information, the demand for a district of Sohra is only for the Sohra Civil Sub-Division but not as the Prime Minister said in foreign language 'Sohra Geographical Landscape is not in consensus' However, if we look closely, from before 2018 onwards, the demand of the district is only to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to a district and nothing else.
The operation of the shops will also be in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) of the government in collaboration with the departments of the Health and Family Welfare Department.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has demanded three days for the detention of the MP in the Rajya Sabha for investigation and the court has allowed three days for investigation.
Shillong, Nailur 6: Today is the last night of the road blockade by 10 political parties, which was held across the state, but at the same time, the office blockade was also announced this morning. , which is a special working day, which has been arranged by the State Government, to work instead, due to the curfew, which was imposed on Tuesday.
Shillong, March 17: In the midst of the severe turmoil that the CEM of KHADC has faced in these days, allegations of corruption have emerged in the KHADC. The Executive Committee of KHADC is investigating to find out who is involved in the corruption in their personal bank accounts and how. Up to T.2 crore has gone to the private sector, without going through the authority of the Executive Committee.
Police have arrested the seven and taken them to Swarg Ashram to quarantine them for 14 days, although they have not shown any signs of illness.
The book was edited by Barikynti Lyndem, Gold Medalist and Assistant Lecturer, Rama Krishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
On receiving information about the incident, the residents took to the streets and in anger, threw stones and tried to set fire to the truck but the Khanapara Police Station and CRPF together with the leaders quickly intervened. Shnong, the people were able to disperse.
Speaking as the leader of the KSU, Samla Lambok said that when they come forward to serve the country and the nation as a whole, some of the leaders of the KSU have to be those who sacrifice themselves for the sake of the heritage. you can't come.
Therefore, if these words of the Minister come true, especially in relation to the Medical College, it will be a great blessing not only to the Dong Ri Bhoi, but to the state as a whole.
Today, these are the last days in which mankind is fighting against mankind, kingdom against kingdom, evils, famines, earthquakes all over the world.
““Therefore, women are more important in everyday life whether in the home or in society.
However, he did not respond because he had already examined their work and was not satisfied in his heart.
We want to lead the people not by being selfish but by being selfish and knowledgeable,” he said.
Furthermore, the question has arisen why the Challan price set by the government is 16,000 thousand but has been sold by private individuals of the MDA government for more than 10 lakh rupees. On the other hand, these leaders said that the MDA government including the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP and others, have not stood for the people of the State in the field of trade and economic development. and as it appears this government does not claim to be the government of the people, but as it appears this government has turned away from the people.
Speaking to reporters, Bah ES Umlong, said that the reason why the leaders of the Union met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh, was also to follow up on their desire to Nongpoh Town Committee.
He said that as of now, the work will not be suspended until the inspection tomorrow which will determine the steps taken on the construction of the assembly.
In East Khasi Hills, 6 cases have been confirmed, 5 cases have been screened, 3 cases are high risk, 3 cases are ILI and 3 cases are soldiers.
When the Khasi went to win wars in those areas, they did not bring heads of people like those head hunters, but they conducted the rule there.
Speaking on the importance of digital learing, Conrad said, “Modern technology can help you in many areas that you cannot imagine.
The candidates who have contested from Nongkrem Constituency are Lambor Malngiang of UDP, Dasakhiatbha Lamare of NPP, Ardent M. Basaiamoit of VPP, Joannes Lamare of AITC; David T. Kharkongor from the BJP, Sardonik Nongkhlaw from the INC and Egenstar Kurkalang from the PDF have been elected as independent candidates. , “I have been walking in Nongkrem for more than 10 years, I have met with Rangbah Shnongs, men and women, I have gathered meetings with the youth and I feel like I have won.
Shillong: In the second semi final, Lightyting Youth Union, Lyngkyrdem, beat Iewduh SC, Lyngkyrdem.
To meet his needs to get the travel expenses to participate in the tournament, he said that he went to the villagers and district leaders for help and with their help he got his wish and came out. from Jowai to participate in the championship on Tuesday.
How can it be that the more people get less and the less people get more? We understand that the current Reservation Policy will continue to be a stigma among the ethnic groups in this country. state, but we have to look at the facts as they are.
The counting of votes for the GHADC elections started at 7 pm on Monday amidst tight security especially at the polling stations where incidents and riots often occur.
Not only that, the government should also think about the dignity and reputation of MBOSE, the authority that conducts the Exam Class Xii in Meghalaya because it has no value or authority anymore and is useless and meaningless. ) that there will still be an Exam Class Xii of MBOSE when colleges no longer accept or recognize the results and marksheets of students who pass Class Xi from MBOSE.
Manchester City have completed a four-year deal for Chelsea midfielder Mateo Kovacic for 25 million pounds (USD 31.9 million) among other fees.
However, the time has come for the people to elect MLAs who know how to make laws.
Thus hell was created for Satan Lucifer – “Hell is stirred up from within for you (the devil) to go and drag you when you come (when you are thrown into the lake of ding) : I shall stir up from thy hour to meet thee when thou comest: I shall stir up for thee the devils, and all the rulers of the earth. your coming ; it rouses the spirit of the departed to greet you – all those who were leaders in the world ; it makes them rise from their thrones all those who were Kings over the NATIONS" Isaiah 14:9
However, he said that if it is not possible to clean up immediately, the departments under the jurisdiction of the District Veterinary Office will have to follow the rules and use vehicles that cannot escape.
He said: “We who have lived in concentration camps remember people who walked from one camp to encourage their fellow prisoners, who gave them the last bread they had.
After expressing his condolences to the families of the victims, Prestone said that in fact the government has already decided to set up a Police Out Post at Barato but after meeting with the authorities, Prestone said that the government has already decided to set up a Police Out Post. The Village Authority today demanded that it should be placed in Mukroh Village so that the government will consider this issue.
Police have registered a complaint against the police and no one was injured in the incident.
A team of seven doctors from Bansara Eye Clinic completed the project.
He said that the celebration of Pre-Christmas is not only for the residents of the village to celebrate Christmas and New Year with peace and happiness, but also for the purpose of the village. unity to celebrate Christmas and also for the New Year.
Meghalaya has finished first in the Plate Group, winning four times against the strongest teams.
Teibormi Papang, Secretary School Managing Committee, gave a brief talk on the life of Kiang Nangbah while WG Sungoh, MDC JHADC was the chief guest. Speaking on the occasion, he said, “As the heirs of the nation and the country living in this age, we must follow the characteristics of Kiang Nangbah such as in giving the right service, to be brave. and to have a spirit of joy.
Jessie Lyngdoh, Badbhoi, Abel Phoenix and Masor have taken part in the song, while the beat producer is Loudlads.
In addition, it has decided to assist tourist taxi drivers by purchasing 200 Innova vehicles and farmers by purchasing 200 Pick Ups by providing subsidy of 50% from the government. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the banks.
Shillong: Four villages in the border area including Lejri, Lahaleiñ, Huroi and Hingaria have demanded to be allowed to enter Bangladesh. the State Government and the Central Government to provide for the needs of these villages from roads, health centres, mobile towers, light especially the road which has been neglected since ancient times until now; These villages have faced many problems in the past years.
Priyanka Gandhi, 47, has refused to take over the post of party chief and wants to work in her current position.
After Bah Rocky Hek left the party this year, I tried to meet you but it didn't work out,” he said.
New Delhi, Jymmang 15 : Thousands of farmers from Punjab and other states have marched in Delhi today, but they have ended their march halfway by threatening to march. again tomorrow.
“Don't spread false news,” said Pradhan when asked whether the central government has any intention to make Hindi a compulsory subject up to Class X. This was announced by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The district authorities of East Khasi Hills on Friday canceled and renewed the orders issued by the residents, visitors, food vendors and shopkeepers in Shillong.
The Union also requests the Dorbar Shnongs to announce the meeting in their villages if possible, said Bah RL Blah, General Secretary of SNSBH. RBYF in Nongpoh, Dr. DD Lapang, Chairman of the State Government, has expressed his deep sorrow over the emergence of organizations which have become like Tit and want to work for personal gain, not for the needs of the people and to bring about the good in the society.
Hercules Mutyen, Secretary JAC Wapung C&RD Block, said that from this year until the 7th of this month, the office has been operating at this place and house to provide services to the people of the block.
Informing that FOCUS and FOCUS Plus is the largest program for farmers in the North East, the Chief Minister said, “We have set a target that one person from each household will receive T.5000 per year. these 10 years and we have decided and ensured this".
Shillong: Shillong: The city of Shillong has been experiencing traffic jams every day and traffic jam is one of the most serious problems due to not only the narrow roads, but the overcrowding of vehicles every day. .
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 04 : The West Khasi Hills District Chess Association (WKHA) on Thursday opened the 45th Meghalaya State Chess Championship which will be held for two days at the Hall. The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin Constituency in the presence of Bah KM Warjri President of Meghalaya Chess Association. Boney Kharbani, Secretary, Advitiya A Gunka, 6 years old, who won the Under 10 Chess title. Championship Meghalaya State Level.
He said that the arrival of non-governmental groups to set up schools has not been seen as a reason to destroy the quality of schools, but it shows the problem of charging high prices. rem bha from the public.
There was a meeting between the organizers and the media where they launched the uniform of the race.
“We don't have any discouragement or despair, we have said that if the Government doesn't do anything, we will take other steps to strengthen our demand until the Khasi language is included in the Khyrnit Baphra,” he said. state.
Ex.Rev K.LangrinIn our villages, in our state, in our country and even in the world, there are three types of teachers.
Before the distribution of the tins to the victims, a short meeting was held under the chairmanship of Mr. Tellmi Dkhar.
We are the Chosen Ones, and in us depends all the good, or evil, growth or decline.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Congress party has earlier announced that it will announce its candidate tomorrow, 12th October. This month, however, it was learned that due to the heated rivalry between the two candidates, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh and Ma Vincent Pala, the party has postponed the date of announcement. candidate to the 12th.
The phyllaw is the mystery, it shows and reveals the right house.
“Where is our share,” said the president of KDA. The government has said to provide quota of rice, to increase food security, to get MHIS and to increase the age limit from 32 to 42 years. to benefit from this scheme, to fully implement the PWD Act, to set up schools, hostels, to create schemes for the disabled but these too have not done anything.
UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, while releasing the names, said that there are still other constituencies to decide on the candidates. five cases from West Jaintia Hills and seven cases from East Jaintia Hills, which are yet to be decided later.
I would also like to thank all of you from other Districts and States who have contributed to the service of Ri Bhoi.
Bah Hubert Marwein, also expressed his surprise that the VEC Nongpoh has not ignored the order of the BDO, where according to the RTI report, it was found that the BDO has already ordered them to return. The VEC Nongpoh has not received any refund to these job card holders and also to immediately distribute the job card holders to these job card holders. “They have not received their job cards,” said Bah Hubert Marwein.
The office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, is pleased to announce that Booth Level Officers will come to the Polling Stations to work for these posts from 09-11-2 until 08-12-2
Referring to the protests by the curfew, road blockade and office blockade in the state, the party alleged that Dr. Mukul Sangma is a dwabah and who forced the political parties to hold protests because of his refusal. The party also accused the Prime Minister of being tyrannical and ruling tyrannically without listening to the concerns of the people.
Officials of the Shillong Municipal Board including Chief Executive Officer (CEO) PK Boro and Executive Engineer Bah FB Chyne have visited Marten to check the situation. tragic event.
Furthermore, Meghalaya does not have NRC and how can you judge exactly who is a citizen and who is not?
God is true, he cannot lie. God is not a man to lie.
At another meeting in Rangsakona, Dr Mukul Sangma was accompanied by the incumbent MLA of the constituency, Zenith Sangma and other leaders.
Three years after the establishment of the football training ground, OM Roy Memorial Higher School has received a playground for the construction of a football ground.
Stressing on the need to have a group to talk about clean marriage, Bah Titos said, “We are a foreign nation and we need a standard because there is a great danger if foreigners They married Thei Khasi.
Therefore, the HYC, without listening to the demands of these foreigners, has ordered the closure of 7 foreign shops which have violated the HYC and have not renewed their triding licenses.
People can meet him.
Shillong, July 11: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the State Legislative Assembly on Friday directed the District Administration of Ri-Bhoi District to conduct another inspection and valuation of the land taken from The construction of the Umroi Airport has been completed due to the lack of funds regarding the ownership of land to pay the compensation.
According to sources, the incident happened on Monday evening at about 6:30 pm, while the man was swimming in the river. They started swimming from side to side of the river, but somehow the man suddenly drowned and lost his life.
The marriage of Dkhars or Khyllahs has spread from the city to the countryside.
On the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of St Mary's Church, CNI Nangbah, various programs were held from Saturday such as Cultural Programs with the participation of youth from other church groups. Nangbah village, including those who are still Khasi or Niamtrekatba on the Lord's Day. A public service was held at this church at 1 pm conducted by Rev L.Khongthohrem Presbyter Incharge. Most Rev Dr. P Lyngdoh, Bishop of the Diocese of North East India, celebrated the 100th anniversary of the Church.
Shillong, July 03: The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Food, Consumer Affairs and Public Distribution will visit Shillong from 6th to 8th July
John: 15:4 In the first service Rev.K.Pariat preached the Word of God while in the afternoon service Rev.K.Pariat preached the Word of God. Sermon by Rev. IW Nongsiej, Moderator of the KJP Western Synod.
"Real Madrid would like to congratulate Ronaldo, the best football star in the world and the best football star in the history of Real Madrid and the world," said a statement from the club's management. Real Madrid.
She also congratulated the NPP candidate and President Conrad K Sangma.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee of the Ministry of Forest and Environment in Bangladesh has directed the government authorities to evacuate these residents of Madhupur forest before 30th July. 2021.
Facebook has about 300 million users in India, making it the largest user base in the world.
“What I mean is to choose wisely and discreetly and not be misled.
Therefore, he explained to the people that it is necessary to protect the customs and traditions by strengthening the District Councils and not to abolish them because if the District Councils are strong in the power to protect our customs and traditions, they will and unrighteousness, such as giving birth, shall have no place.
He said that this yatra is a symbol of a great step forward for a progressive and inclusive India where there is a responsibility of all for the development and prosperity of the country. country.
The total number of cases has now reached 2,33,40,938 and the number of confirmed cases has risen to 37,04,0
Nongpoh, Naitung 11: The Block Development Officer, Ri-Bhoi District today celebrated the World Population Day on the theme “A World of Eight Billions” at Nongagang Audirium Hall Marngar with the aim of educating the people to reduce the number of people. fertility and world population.
“The construction of these Coke Factories has also been excessive with 45 Coke Factories in Sutnga Elaka alone and 56 Coke Factories in East Jaintia Hills. JYF President J Pala said.
“The robbers also destroyed the locks and scattered documents in the room of the Superintendent of Professional Taxes, the room where the Superintendent of Professional Taxes is sitting. The Magistrate of Khasi Hills, Mawkyrwat has also distributed the documents,” he said.
Shillong, July 16: The KSU Mawlai has said that it will no longer trust the KSU Central Body under the leadership of Daniel Khyriem and August Jyrwa, but will continue to operate as an independent organization. The KSU leaders from Mawlai did not say anything about the support of other units.
The Word of God says – but the day of the Lord will come as a thief, in which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up. do not do so, YOU WILL BE HEATED.2Peter 3:1
Shillong, Jymmang 26: For the Youth Synod (East Khasi and Jaintia Hills) to be held on the 2nd October 2014 at Mawpat, Lumkynjoin, vehicles have been arranged to park on the side of the road. until they reached Lumkynjoin.
All those who have land within the boundary of the Raid are requested to complete this task by meeting with the Lyngdoh Raid Amwi Jarain, Ma Ling Tariang and the documents received earlier. within that time it was put.
The Governor also agreed to convene a special session on Friday to elect a new leader.
Another challenge we often face is that candidates ask for our vote on religious grounds – from the same religion, or from the same church.
The implementation of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules, 2016 and the issuance of licenses for the villagers to mine and trade, to earn income and provide employment to the villagers of region.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Winning Garland Sungoh said, “We have had the opportunity to convey to the Governor many of the problems of the council and one of these issues is the Professional Tax. to increase the tax is T.2500 and according to the passage of time we would like to increase this tax to T.
Dr KD Ramsiej Vice President KAS confirmed the new branch with the blessings of the office bearers while the Secretary Jowai Branch Wansalan E Dhar welcomed the branch and concluded the meeting with prayers from the President of the KAS. .
The preparations for the upcoming session were approved at the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) meeting chaired by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma on Tuesday.
It is worth mentioning that the leaders of the UDP Nongkrem circle in the past few days have expressed their support for Bah Lambor Malngiang MLA Nongkrem Constituency while Bah Bindo M Lanong has expressed his support for Bah Lambor Malngiang MLA Nongkrem Constituency. He will contest the 2023 election from Nongkrem Constituency.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the department will conduct the recruitment of all the 1200 vacancies in Primary Schools in the state and for this purpose those who have completed the MTET will be interviewed. Informing on this, Rakkam said the government has decided to issue a notice on this this month and only those who have passed the MTET can apply. it does not exceed two months.
Ukraine said yesterday that a Russian military officer in charge of the country's nuclear weapons committed suicide after discovering that the nuclear weapons were under surveillance. jongu, you've sniffed all the plain.
It is good because people are now criticizing the MDA government and I hope that this decision of the High Court will make the people understand that the state government has done what is necessary and if not, this will be the case. The committee will do whatever is necessary,” he said.
“We have already directed two departments – the Department of Fisheries and the Department of Health and Family Welfare,” said Bah Tynsong in reply to the Government's response to the detection of formalin in fish. , lumpy skin disease in cattle and African swine fever (ASF) in pigs.
We have only departments of education which have many allegations and this discourages the youth who are fighting hard, who are fighting hard for various examinations, they lose heart because the belief in them has entered that only those who Ministers who have become MCS, MPS and so on.
You have no right to oppress the poor or to take advantage of the poor..." (Isaiah 3:14-15).
According to a statement by the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, via Twitter, the value of the drugs seized today is about T.4 crore.
According to this law, a seller of tobacco (cigarettes, beer, and other alcoholic beverages) will be arrested under the law if he sells to a consumer under 18 years of age.
There are also cases where the robbers are neighbors or villagers.
At the same time, he said that he will look into the matter according to the information brought by the MLA of Nongthymmai.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 50, NGH: 1, WGH: 1 and WKH:
Formalin conversion of fish and other fish sold for human consumption has been done for a long time but it is not known why the Indian authorities from the central to the state governments have not banned it. Formalin is not available to the public.
However, the Dorbar Shnong said that it has not received any written notice in this regard and the permission of the DC Ri Bhoi Office should not be allowed to bring in foreign workers. However, it is the permission of the government to allow the start of factories but not to bring in foreigners.
However, if we don't repent, soon the tourist attractions will become desolate because if they are full of garbage, plastic and bottles, who will want to go to such places?
SHILLONG: To create employment opportunities for unemployed youth, the Directorate of Food Processing in collaboration with the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE) and the MBMA has organized a workshop on A two-day training on Food Processing Opportunities in Meghalaya was held at the State Convention Center in Shillong.
Both of them received a cash prize of T.30,0
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) has organized a Half Marathon on Saturday at a distance of 21.975 KM. Division and ended at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
First you need to understand how to tell if your blood platelets are low.
Roipar said that instead of helping such small workers, they are violating their rights.
They were selected for a trial held last month and this month at the Golf Course, Shillong.
Owaisi said that one cow eats 16 lakh kilos of fodder per day, so if 10 lakh cows are distributed, it will need 16 lakh kilos of fodder per day. food can come from here.
The arrival of new parties in the state like the VPP although they have only a few candidates but the candidates are very talented.
The Lei Synshar Cultural Society also teaches the youth about religion, customs and traditions and encourages the youth to be brave to stand for the right and to be for the benefit of the society.
However, as it is the border area between Assam and Meghalaya, development projects from both the states cannot bring in various schemes.
SS Syiemlieh, Administrative Secretary, Rev. ES Kharkrang, Chairman of the KJP Youth Assembly, Rev. RR Rapsang, Secretary of the Institute, Bah DM Lartang, Board members and others.
These two parties, the RSS and the VHP, have close ties to the ideology of Hindutva.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the union, Bah Vishal Khongshei said that the decline in the price of agricultural products such as synsar, soh and jhur has affected the farmers.
At such a time when it is time to compete with these big elephants in the field, the MCCL has been hampered by the lack of authority and the silence of the management to advertise and to market the product.
On the other hand, Kong B Rani, Magistrate in charge of the Surveillance Team, spoke on the need to avoid the surveillance of suspected cases of COVID-1 The Government will not allow any person to look after the staff of the health centres, said a statement from Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh, Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw. Slowly.
During the Easter service, the faithful not only received the Word of God but also received the words of encouragement by Fr.Dibasis. year of Jesus which is the spiritual food that he came to earth as the Son of man to save us from sin.
The Principal of St. Mary's College, Sr. Isabella Kyrsian, has been removed from her post by Sr. Mary Harriet, who has not been appointed as the Principal of the college. including sisters.
“At first we were not afraid of this message because we worked hard to win Bah Dangngo from the party.
What is more, we see that from time to time the central government has a hidden agenda to mine uranium and if the EIA 2020 becomes law, they cannot. The mining of uranium from this beloved country by force and violence with this law on our lands, will be a great destruction and will completely destroy this beloved country not only the Uranium but the mineral resources in this country are whether we know or don't know.
In this regard, any person who has reached the age of 18 years, may register on the Electoral Roll by filling up Form-6 through the NVSP.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang on Tuesday issued an order to lift the containment order in Nongsohma village.
On the other hand, the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) or other intellectuals should continue to urge the state government to introduce the Khasi language. The Khasi language, in Article 5 of the Constitution, will allow the Khasi language to be taught in higher classes in schools, colleges and universities and will also open the door to speaking and writing in the various government offices.
Other speakers at the meeting included R.Thongni KSU Langpih, Kyrshan Marbaniang, Assistant Secretary HYC WKHD, Wanteibok Lyngdoh Genl.
““Before we can be selected to play abroad, we have to play at the State Level and only those who win the gold medal are selected to play abroad.
In this regard, 3182 students from 15 schools in different districts of the state have received the Soft Skill Training and Talent Identification Program through Aspire Meghalaya which was held this month. .
Others named in the Meghalaya Lokayukta include nine former members of the Executive Committee and Secretary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and two contractors who have not completed the construction of the hostel. of the Council in Tura which amounted to Rs.
These websites encourage money laundering and smuggling by claiming to be news.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of MCSEPAC, Bah Remdor Shylla in the presence of senior leaders of TMC Mawkyrwat Block.
This is not this....
Therefore, the meeting unanimously decided to convene a meeting of the Rangbah Kur and Nongkitkam Kur of all the Khasi Kurs in the Bri u Hynniewtrep by sending 4 or 5 members from the Dorbar Kur or Seng. Join the meeting.
The JSM as one of the organizations that looks after the life and death of the people of Jaintia Hills will wait and consider the decision and actions of the authorities for the future of the jaidbynriew and is also ready to stand up. If the KAAC continues to follow the path of corruption for its own benefit, it will harm the minorities.
The ethnic groups who have been living in tents in the hills also expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister for being willing to provide assistance for them during the floods.
“If necessary, we will strengthen the party's activities in all the Mandals.
Also present on the occasion were Lab Assistants from Dr. Lal Path Labs who helped to test for diabetes, cholesterol, thyroid, uric acid and other tests.
It is learned that the floods were sudden and occurred at the Lhonak Lake and this caused a flood in the Teesta River, which flooded the river and colored the river. these soldiers.
The Sports Meet was inaugurated by Bah Lionel Nongkhlaw as the Chief Guest in the presence of members of the Managing Committee, Rangbah Shnong Bah Shining Kharkongor, teachers at the Mawnianglah Football Ground.
The order was issued on July 27,
They expressed concern that Christians are now being overwhelmed by the power of social media.
As a reminder and exhortation to Christians: we must ask ourselves whether the celebration is an abomination before God; fall into the hands of the wicked and the wicked.
“We have seen a disagreement between the MCTA and NEHU on this issue.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 04: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Tourism, Social Welfare, Arts & Culture and Textile, Government of Meghalaya today inaugurated one of the tourist attractions in the country. The Synrang Mawrin Tourist Spot has been constructed under the MGNREGS scheme at a cost of T.127 crore at Mawten village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Thus, the total amount is T.76.56 crore in the House.
Nongpoh: Bah Wonderful Khymdeit, Rangbah Shnong of Sonidan, Ri Bhoi District, today held an election for the renewal of Village Leaders. Bah Kitboklang Dorphang as the Secretary of the Village Council.
“The roster and the reservation are the same.
Lajong's goalkeepers are: Akash Thapa (Meghalaya), Rajat Paul Lyngdoh (Meghalaya), C. Vanlalhriata (Mizoram) and Bishal Lama (Sikkim).
The Committee took this decision after police rescued seven children from Rimpu Bagan, Tura who were locked in a dirty room.
On the other hand, Samla Ribal Shadap, the elder brother of these children, expressed his gratitude and congratulations to all those who have taken part in the construction of the new house. good Samaritans so that they can still have a healthy body and be able to serve and do charity works everywhere.
The wild animal was handed over to the Wildlife Department on Friday morning for release into the wild.
(iv) the Bhoi who live in the Nongkhyllem Raid, Nongpoh District, Jirang Hima and their kurs which begin with the Nong language, such as Nongmalieh, Nongphlang, Nongpoh and Nongrilong.
Ola claims that its batteries are manufactured to AIS 156 standard, which is the Indian standard for battery manufacturing and also meets the European battery standard, which falls under the ECE standard. 136.
Players must bring toys and a birthday card to verify their birthday.
In other sectors such as Private Educational Institutes, jobs have been appointed only because they have a relationship with the management of these Institutes without any announcements in the media so that everyone knows.
“After drinking cow's milk, don't eat anything for 10 hours,” he said, adding that cow's milk doesn't protect against corona virus, but all kinds of diseases. completely removed from the human body, especially blood pressure.
Meanwhile, Ukrainian officials said Ukrainian intelligence and security services were working hard to find out about the soldiers involved in the attack and to reveal them. also against racial hatred.
There is no khih, no ksar, no earn, no work, no walk, no stand, no work, no friendship, it has killed the knowledge of all mankind. Man is a social being.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the government will hold a special meeting in the coming months to take a decision on the issue of education. will college.
This illegal appointment will affect the investigations into corruption cases filed by the Lokayukta before the courts.
If the government acts by force and if anything happens, the government will have to take responsibility, said the statement.
West Jaintia Hills came first in the men's category with 15 medals of which 9 gold, 5 silver and 1 bronze.
Remember that Herod had arrested, imprisoned, and beheaded John the Baptist.
(v) Except for full-time Government employees, farm employees in the State of Meghalaya do not receive full financial assistance and support from employers during their illness and treatment.
Kenneth Meshoe, leader of the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP), said the bill would completely destroy human dignity if women were allowed to do so.
“As a public leader, I hope that the Chief Minister will take action to discuss the issue of the signboard and also the suspension of the project of the Water Resource Department in Hawla. “The development projects that should benefit the people will go smoothly,” said Bah Sohtun.
The President of the BJP State Women's Morcha, Susuki Pariat, said that there are three General Secretaries who have been appointed according to the rules. Matilda Kharbuki and Grace Lanong have been appointed to assist the General Secretary.
A large and tallest stone was erected at Nartiang Market to preserve the name of Marphalangki under the leadership of the Doloi of Nartiang District with the understanding and decision of the chiefs, the Basan. , the Pator, the Sordar, the Nongpyrda, the Samarda, the Ja, the Sangot, the Sohsla, the Dan, the Maji, the Shutia, the Dhulia and others together with the children of the thousands of Nartiang.
Those who read books to learn about the rule of law, the various laws and regulations, and those who can create development opportunities in various sectors.
Thus, Satan (Lucifer) was cast out of the third heaven into the second heaven, and now he has been there since the moment God cast him out.
"You know that everything I am saying is only because of our daughter Lydia.
As Khasi, we cannot accept such dark thinking of these religious groups,” said Bah Marbud Dkhar while speaking on behalf of the RSS. On Sunday, the 25th Anniversary of its foundation was celebrated.
They marched and shouted that they want a dorbar shnong, they want to elect another rangbah.
The MSSA in collaboration with St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School and the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association organized the tournament at the school grounds of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
This can be achieved by arranging that the final should be held for only two candidates in any constituency.
Speaking to reporters, Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the news that the government will allocate land to the army is just a rumor. “I say this with the knowledge and certainty that there is no intention to give land to the Air Force”.
MAWPHLANGEUGENSON LYNGDOH (UDP) ....................12904KENNEDY C KHYRIEM ( CONGRESS)........8678LAMPHRANG BLAH (NPP) …….198MAWRYNGKNENGPYNÏAID SING SYIEM (NPP)………………………..14088HIGHLANDER KHARMALKI (CONGRESS)…….12284NORBETH MARBOH (IND)…………………………………..NORBETH (IND) 479ARBIANGKAM KHARSOHMAT (IND) 210NOTE 237RAJABALAABDUS SALEH ( NPP). 333CARLA A SANGMA (IND) 255NOTE ….174.
From the seventh grade I started studying at H. Elias Higher Secondary School Nongthymmai.
The population of the Khasi-Jaintia is higher than that of the Garo.
He said that there are seats where the NPP has won and there are also seats where the UDP has won.
From what I have written above, some may think, “What animal can we use in Khasi-Jaintia for ringing lyngkor?” As far as I can say, I believe that Khasi-Jaintia it can use cattle as they do throughout India, but they can also, I believe, use in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills horses or mules as they do in Bilat and other countries; at night.
JSM Publicity Secretary Deijuhhi Siangshai said the JSM strongly condemns the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma for ignoring the demand of the taxi and tourist drivers' unions to increase the price of petrol and diesel even after the meeting. The protest lasted 4 days.
It may be recalled that there were reports that Bah Mit had been killed and his body had been thrown into the river.
Shillong: Since the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) inspected the Mawlong Market Road and Bimola area where there are many foreigners trading illegally without permits or licenses from the KHADC, several shops have been closed. were discontinued were found to remain empty.
How can they preach the tribe through the bible and say that our ancestors were tribesmen when they read the bible? I don't agree with this kind of gift to my father...because in my own opinion...what's the use of my father to be king without a kingdom.
Shillong: U Billu Singh, of Harijan Colony, today filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court seeking the removal of the The social agreement signed between the Hima Mylliem and the Shillong Municipal Board in the 1950s.
These cows were seized by the 4th & 193rd Battalion BSF after a thorough search. The 74 cows were handed over to the Police Station for further investigation. which is necessary.
Due to the power outages these days, students who have prepared well for their examinations do not have the opportunity to revise their papers before writing the examination at their centres.
The total cost for 10 persons (including one who could not attend) is T.5,5
Family and friends of the billionaire have expressed their deep sorrow over the short-sighted decision of the billionaire who is known worldwide as a prominent and aggressive businessman to to many other merchants.
There are ballads, elegy and ode.
Regarding the flood which has caused problems to the passengers passing through the NH-6, it is understood that the reason for the flood is due to the lack of drainage system. It is also believed that this is due to the negligence of the workers and the lack of provision of water supply systems inside the Weigh Bridge.
Many of us don't think about how many days and years we have here on earth, we don't change the world, we feel that the world belongs to us, we pursue the things of this life without thinking about ourselves. The soul, like that foolish rich man who said – O soul, you have many things laid up for many years, enjoy yourself.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, in his Budget Speech this year, has mentioned Sohra for the development of tourism. He said that the government will allocate special funds for the development of tourism infrastructure in Sohra.
Four children were shot dead within minutes of Israeli gunfire when they were playing on the beach in Gaza.
He said that if we want to talk about the Roster System, we have to think about implementing the Roster System of Garo Hills which already has offices including the DSC. It is up to the wisdom of the state leaders how to explain so that it does not cause ethnic differences, but to take the best path not by turning back, but to start forward.
But at the same time I must understand that along with my rights comes a duty and responsibility which I cannot escape at all.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs (MSOA) will hold the SOHRA HALF MARATHON 2022 on 17th November 2022.
“There is only one person who runs Bengal and she doesn't talk to anyone,” Rahul said, speaking against Mamata at the rally.
It is the decision of the athletes and we cannot force anyone, but they should not miss the tournaments," officials of the ministry stated.
On this occasion, a memorial stone was laid to the Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh who gave the entire village to the village.
In the second innings, Meghalaya stirred up the opposition with Kevin Christopher scoring 137 runs. Mrinal Das and Nishanta Chakraborty were also tied.
In this regard, KSU leaders, including Samla Fedynald Kharkamni and Samla Alex Narleng, said that they will continue to monitor these attacks by the Assam Police against Meghalaya vehicles and if the Police Assam continues to take advantage of the people of Meghalaya, as the party will not hesitate to take strong measures against Assam vehicles entering Meghalaya.
Taking together all the companies under MeECL, as it still owns MePGCL, MePTCL and MePDCl, this is in the middle of the night.
No one wants to live in the past but at the same time, for Meghalaya, the future should be guided by the identity which will be supported by the customs and traditions.
May God guide you as a leader to look after the problems of the people of the village and you can still work better in the development of the community.
Think about how we cannot love the world when we live in the world, we live in the world, and so we should love the world, to take care of its surroundings, the forests, the mountains. they want the land, the shyiap, the stone, the wood, the animals, the wild animals.
We have to clean the song from side to side, so that they can eat after they come home from school and wait for hours to get water”.
Some passers-by, who shot video, saw dozens of people throwing themselves outside the house, in order to escape the fire.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has not won the top seat in several polling stations (MLA constituencies) which are the headquarters of the HSPDP. HSPDP Vice President Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM of KHADC, Nongkrem Constituency, has been defeated by the Congress party in Nongkrem Constituency. u name.
Jowai, Nailur 16: President Pynhun Shulet in the presence of General Secretary Melki Dhar and Public Secretary Jemi Phadong today visited the school. Saphai Pohrtiang Government Lower Primary School.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of Metor.
Das said, “We have found the body in the song.
This article is written to explain, encourage and use the resources we have.
At the time of writing, Vajpayee's body has been taken to the BJP office in New Delhi, where he will be laid to rest in the presence of Narendra Modi. The Prime Minister and other senior leaders of the party.
The incident happened at Ichakuri village under Monabari Police Outpost.
At the same time, he urged the government to take immediate measures to curb crime especially in the city, where it could become a new slum which is a hiding place for robbers near the market. .
The union fully supports and stands on the same ground, the voice of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs that the hospital should not be affected by the survey on the Shillong-Tamabil road, as there are 29 villages. They trust and receive treatment from this PHC Dawki and are pleased that they have informed us that there is no way out of this hospital.
In fact, such an allegation is not new, but it has always existed.
He said that as a state which is ready to move forward in sports is one of the most important areas, as one of the officers of the state in charge of the department, he always sets a goal. and to provide many such competitions, so that the young athletes can showcase their talents and also to bring fame and glory to the state.
The Chief Minister held a meeting to discuss the peace and order situation in the state especially in Garo Hills.
Hundreds of children, boys and girls who received Holy Communion for the first time also participated.
There are 24 Assembly constituencies in Garo Hills and out of the 24 constituencies, 13 are led by the Congress party, 7 by independent candidates (most of whom are working with the Congress government in the state). NPP, GNC and NCP have 4,83,380 voters out of which 3,29,497 have cast their votes for Conrad K Sangma, 1,37,2 They voted for Dikanchi D Shira and 16,597 voted for NOTA (None of the Above).
Dr Roy said that if the UDP wins the majority in all the district councils, it will also invite other political parties like the HSPDP and the KHNAM. .
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Government has paid compensation of T.16,20,000 to farmers in the year 2020-2021 for the death of 540 pigs from African Swine Disease. Fever.
To make it easier for the youth of the state, Bah Sanbor said that the state government is ready to provide venues for the examinations.
The party is also concerned about the implementation of the Special Scheme, in which the money, which has been allocated by the Government of India, has been distributed among the ruling MDCs. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo chiefs to be the heads of District Councils.
The suspicion increased after the AVBP released the names of those who have been selected for the post on social media platforms and questioned the appointment of only one ethnic group in the list of others. ethnic group (unreserved) in which it has alleged that there is a discrimination against the indigenous people.
They were treated by doctors and given medicines and injections and their physical condition was checked before being distributed to the pig farmers.
The MAA has won two gold medals in the 3000 mts U-20 event and Batsrang Sangma in the 5000 mts U-20 event. and many half marathons in Tura.
The bomb squad immediately took away the bomb for further investigation.
In a statement, HNLC Publicity Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw asked, “What does the police expect us to do? Do they want us to shed blood so that we can call for talks?” said the statement.
The state government has also launched the One Nation One Ration Card.
Mawlieh said that a few months ago, the farmers of the area had the opportunity to think about how to do and they have already sent information to the government and it has taken action. and she sent her servants, and they came to inspect the plague.
Shillong, November 2: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has welcomed the victory of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma in the 2018 MLA elections.
In the afternoon, the Head of the Elaka, Pa Dolloi Chawas Lyngdoh, along with other dignitaries, conducted the ceremony.
He said that no member of the PDF has been elected to the post of Minister in the new government.
Ronnie's remarks were to criticize the UDP and NPP which are involved in this shatri.
Kick Start and Lawei have four points each, with Lawei in third place while Kick Start in fourth place. The goals scored by these teams are -3 to -8
So the longkmie had to kill the child.
When I say that we should judge according to God's Word, we should know what the Bible says about the area where we find that there is a conflict with tradition.
“We don't intend to expel or force you all, we want the public road to be clean and not to sit or put a stick in the middle of the road or add two parts,” said Minister Kharkongor.
The accommodation facilities operated by the State Government are (i) IIM, Shillong, Umsawli, (ii) MIIT, (iii) MATI, Shillong, (iv) NIFT , Mawdiangdiang, (v) TB Hospital, Umsawli.
The word “dabar Yahweh” or the Word of God refers to God Himself, who lives, exists, and works.
The Worli Unit of the ANC conducted a patrol in Bandra and found 270 grams of mephedrone.
It is worth mentioning that he said this in response to the criticism against him especially regarding his silence regarding the resignation of VPP leader, Bah Ardent Miller. Please comment on the Reservation Policy for up to 10 days.
The Anti Narcotic Task Force has confirmed that it is marijuana.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla, conducted the program and congratulated the group of 16 students from Croatia who visited NEHU to perform the Kumpanjija Sword Dance. tradition symbolizing the spirit of warriors who stood to defend the island against enemies in the lost times.
She won the Goa elections because the voters had already seen her achievements.
The AAY rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 kilos per household, free of charge.
The Tamils ​​are protected by their fellow ethnic groups while in Meghalaya they are protected.
The union expresses its strong opposition to the government's plan to transfer a qualified person without expiry of his term.
The NEIPF said that most of the incidents of torture and killing of people in the North East are students and those who go to work in these places.
Rgh Don Kupar said that immediately a letter was written to the DC Ri-Bhoi office and on the afternoon of the 4th, the order was approved. It has not been able to proceed according to the new order or permit of the State Government which has once again allowed to proceed with this work today.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today said that these festivals will start from the spring months to the winter months of July next year.
The former Chief Minister alleged that the BJP is trying to divide the North East and this is a fierce struggle of the people of the North East. “The mynder, which has set the census year 1971 in Assam, will not change the CAB,” he said.
The Government of India has admitted that it wants to mine uranium because it will help in the production of cheaper electricity. In 2003 and 2009 it was found that electricity produced from nuclear plants is about 30 – 35% cheaper than electricity produced from other sources.
Before the colours, the lehniam started at 6 pm with a village ceremony by the children of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla at the Langdoh's house (Iung) of Mukhla Nongrim followed by the Shad, the prayer and the phirat at each village. In the afternoon, the rot was taken to Madan Slot Masi and at 2 pm, the Dieñkhlam was taken from Mukhla Wahshnong, Neiñshnong and Mukhla Umlangshor. rong (Rot) to the Ainar of Mukhla Raij which is the place of the rot and conclude the ceremony.
“The stones and steps of the road you lead to the roof of the house will be the day of victory and will preserve the Maïa and will be remembered forever while the sun shines.
When asked how much they buy, they said that in the months of June and June, they buy 500 or more byrni per day and there are 11 traders who buy this product. These goods are from Pynursla, Mawsynram and 12 villages in Sohra, said the traders.
To reduce traffic jam in Shillong, it is time for the Government to remove all roadside parking and to start implementing Odd-Even for school vehicles.
Care should be taken when erecting the rishot of the house.
We also found that the method of collecting household expenses varies from one place to another even within the city of Shillong.
Riwar Jaintia Church, Ladjaplem won the first prize while Syiem Jingsuk HSS, Amlarem won the second prize.
This is the government that runs us and therefore they should listen to what we run,” he added.
This is the last time that karate athletes have competed in the Olympic Games 2020, so this is a golden opportunity for our young athletes,” said Ksan Kupar Warjri, General Secretary of AMKA. He also praised the coaches Donboklang Lyngdoh, Arjun Sewa, Linza Syiem and Mingson Rymbai who have worked hard to train the players in many fields.
The workshop was attended by 30 young men and women.
We urge the government to take seriously this recruitment by reading and understanding the rules and regulations laid down by the NCTE and implementing them exactly as directed so that it will avoid any problems. eh and turmoil as it was in the past.
He continued to play in his village, district and Shillong.
During his time, our Khasi Hills fell under Assam and he did not see that the tactics of the Paid chiefs of the North were to take over the lands of Ri Khasi.
The JARF has convened the meeting to discuss the Supreme Court's order to allow coal mining along with the rules and regulations on coal mining.
Evadahun Shisha Rani, who has prepared well for the MMA tournament, will take part in the Lastman Standing Fight Night-3 to be held in Kolkata, West Bengal. 10th, October, 2024 which is organized by Sunayana Entertainment.
He also expressed his satisfaction to see such music schools which are employers, especially in these times of unemployment.
“The youth should continue to pursue their goals with a clear mindset and especially to become the leaders of the future,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. San in Tura today.
Bah Shangpliang also praised the government for many development works that have reached the area including roads, health centers and others.
When asked why the group came out too late and did not come out at a time when the issue was still hot especially when there was a strong demand for the reintroduction of the sub section. 8 and 16 of section 5 of the VAB, Pa'iem Laborious said that there were many groups that came forward and for that reason they did not come forward.
It is useless to protest, go to the apex court to get a fair trial, the people will support body and soul, don't waste time.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will hold a cabinet reshuffle in the coming days, according to various media reports.
The Bible is the holy writings of God's Word.
However, what is more frightening and painful is that such attempts to speak out will only address the necessary issues affecting the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: “I have been in love with the BJP since the time of Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, but at that time I could not join the BJP because I was still an MLA,” said Bah John Antonio. Lyngdoh (Bah Dip) while speaking at the welcome ceremony for the BJP held today in Shillong.
How to care for chickens Kha PyllengIn order for a chicken to give birth to many chickens, it is necessary to remember the following:-Chicken Feed In addition to treatment, chickens also need good food to build their bodies. the cow can produce better milk.
On the other hand, the DGP, Dr LR Bishnoi, said that according to the provisions of the NDPS Act, the punishment of drug traffickers is based on the seizure of drugs.
On the other hand, Moitra said the party witnessed a mass rally in Rajabala which was full of people and the turnout showed their love and support for the party leader, Mamata Banerjee.
Soyal, who is from Kerala, started playing for the Prodigy Sportz and Don Bosco Football academies at the age of
Under the Spring Shed Rejuvenation Programme, 306 wells have been agreed to be rehabilitated under the Spring Shed Rejuvenation Programme. receive water at home until
The Chief Minister has prepared a DO letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India to show that we too will be fortunate to have such an Institute in Meghalaya”.
To all the people of the world, including you and me, we have been dead, because since Adam and Eve, who were the first fruits in death.
If you send a speaker, he will speak without finding it.
Umphyrnai SC has won the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
The landslide occurred at 11 pm yesterday due to heavy rainfall in the area and the incident has stopped vehicles on both sides of the road.
Therefore, in order to curb this dangerous practice and to protect the environment, the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah.
Speaking on the launch of the CM Elevate programme, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the state government has worked on Meghalaya to rank 10th among other states in the country.
From the clothes to the cars, they were recognized as having nothing.
The rapid development of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning (ML) is also a threat to us if we do not strive to find out and know these changes in the world in the way we work and live.
Raising the issue of MUDA Building Rules in the Dorbar Synrai today, Bah Paul said that the government needs to speak clearly on this issue. feel sorry for the people.
“We urge the KHADC to take action to prepare and not allow these areas to reach the BSF,” said the President of the KHADC. The union strongly opposes the use of BSF troops for the purpose of setting up field ranges or camps.
Of course we need to raise money but at the same time you need to understand the plight of the people of Meghalaya.
The Prime Minister highlighted the technological changes that have taken place in the country in recent years which have transformed radio and especially FM in a new way.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla said that there are about 2117 houses affected by the floods including those affected by the earthquake.
However, South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol and Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida have fought hard to bring peace and assistance to the families affected. these have been persecuted in the past.
“He has lied and deceived the people by saying that if Bah Ronnie is re-elected, he will expand the areas under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA), which is not true.
“We cannot accept this at all, they give reasons for not getting enough land, but according to our knowledge, there are many government land in Mawlai constituency that the government can set up,” he said. more and more.
In the Khasi society, which respects the family, the talk these days is that the family has declined too much and it is for this reason that forty kinds of evils have arisen in society. the community has become stronger.
“Although our share is 5%, the reality is only 2% if not less because we have to share with the Scheduled Castes and other ethnic groups from outside the state like Nagas, Mizos and others,” he said. , these ethnic groups said.
He also gave an example that these groups should think far and start selling in neighboring villages and then try farther.
It also mentioned that anyone can apply for inclusion under the roll, and any objections on irregularities such as regarding dates of birth, registration, movement of residence can be used Forms 6, 6A, 7 and 8 according to their needs.
Bah Deng continued, “Yes, you... I'm at home.
Kanye West will contest the US presidential election and has said that if he wins this election, he will abolish the abortion law completely.
Garry Warjri of 4 1⁄2 Mile Upper Shillong, who saw the incident, stopped the dumper and took the number plates of the truck. and immediately inform the police.
What shocked many was that these two brothers lost their lives among two other brothers along with their father on the day of the earthquake.
The BJP on Saturday confirmed that Dr. Evarist Myrsing will contest as the BJP candidate from Mawhati for the 2023 elections. On the other hand, Dr. Evarist Myrsing together with other leaders and supporters have joined the BJP party and promised to work hard for the victory of the BJP party in Mawhati Constituency.
Shainingstar Marweiñ from Lawrynjam won the first prize, Jopkordor Lyngdoh from Mawkyllei came second and Banshanlang Kurbah came third. from the city of Marka.
Speaking to Rupang, Warbah said that when he and his team nominated Shylla in the mid-term MDC elections, there was an agreement that if Shylla wins the mid-term MDC elections, Whether he wins or loses, he will be allowed to contest the MDC election
“After that, we will go, we will see, we will find and it belongs to Phibankyntiew.
“The victory in the semi final is an encouragement to the players, but we have to continue to play well,” said Rangdajied assistant coach Aibanjop Shadap.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang today urged Iawmusiang to carry placards demanding 'We Want Cleanliness' and condemn the leaders of Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and RBYF Umsning Circle today night arrested 10 groups of illegal immigrants from one county. trucks entering the state without proper documents and violating the Internal State Migrants Act
Regarding the boundary arrangement with the villages and land in Langpih sector, Bah Wondar Lyngkhoi Sordar of Umyiap village said that on his part, he has always convened public meetings from the elders, women, youth and children, to explain that if the Meghalaya government forcibly invades Assam, the people of this village and all the Khasi villages in the Langpih sector, will not They are not allowed to do so and if they do so, they will not hesitate to hold strong protests.
Others who attended the function included Naseem Ahmad, Chairman, Nelson Year Celebration- Shillong Muslim Union, Noor Nongrum, Secretary, Amy Yousuf; Vice Chairperson and Julfiqar Ali Ahmad, Convenor, Literary Committee.
After the discussion and explanation, T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat said that the disease in cows is very high, in which there are 63 villages of Mawkyrwat. South West Khasi Hills District where 5 cows have died of Lumpy Skin Disease and fever in pigs “If they eat the flesh of cows or pigs, it is okay, but they should not eat it. or kill the sick cattle and pigs.
The Deputy Commissioners of all districts have sent their staff around the area to complete this work.
In Delhi, Congress leaders including Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, Rahul Gandhi and others held a rally in front of the Legislative Assembly, AICC office and tried to march to Rashtrapati Bhawan but they were stopped by the police.
With the consent, approval and support, the new name has been changed from MMO&EA to SKHWMO&EA) today, October 31, to support and agree to renew the office bearers of this working group.
I have proved that I have a wealth of T.15 lakh.
The Government has also met face to face with the farmers through the Farmers' Parliament held in Shillong.
“To provide adequate protection, hundreds of crores of rupees are needed to completely block the flow of the river and if we do it for a while, it will be like breaking the river. money by billions of dollars.
Everyone should know about him," he said while talking about his role in India's independence movement against the British.
He is survived by his wife and four children.
“Mr. Henry Manar, who was the chief guest in his speech, said, “Closeness to God gives wisdom to man, as the youth of Hycwar Jaintia Circle have started working hard but this work Please let your prayers continue and do better.
“There are more and more Seng Bhalang in Jaintia Hills, but the jaidbynriew is being affected by our identity and the danger is if we don't unite to stand together to protect the jaidbynriew,” said Pillar. He added that in his view, our nation will soon be dominated by foreigners in the field of heritage, culture, customs and traditions and said that the reason why he joined the JSM is because there are leaders. who have a strong spirit who understand to carry and sacrifice for the sake of the life and death of the nation.
However, reports have shown that this year too, Assam will play a leading role in the formation of the government in Meghalaya as it did in 2018, when Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, arrived first. Himanta has started phoning several political parties in Meghalaya to send him to Guwahati for talks. The Government of Meghalaya will be formed in
How do the public think about this? There are many civil society organizations or groups like in the past who have gathered together the people to oppose the NPP+BJP government which has been remotely controlled by foreign forces in our country. ? If there is a leader (who will bell the cat), the people should be ready to follow so that they can get their own government by their own people especially at this time of crisis. to form a new government.
Children and youth from all over the North East come to study here.
N.Lyngdoh, Vice President to oversee South West Khasi Hills, Upper Shillong, Laitlyngkot, Sohra, Shella, North East & Southern Riwar Zone; Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang Chief Organizer to oversee Jaintia Hills District, Bah Reginal Thabah to oversee the circles in Shillong including Mawlai, Mawprem, Mawkhar and Jaiaw Circles, Samla Danny Nongrum who is Asst.Education The Secretary will inspect the circles in Nongthymmai, Nongmynsong, Laitumkhrah, Malki & Laban. The Secretary will inspect the circles in Mawryngkneng, Sohryngkham, Nongkrem, Smit, Mawkynrew, Laitkor, Dienglieng and Maw. James Kharbani, Organizing Secretary will oversee the circles of Mawngap, Mawphlang, Tyrsad, Weiloi, Sawsymper, Nongspung, Sohpian, Mawsynram, Mawrapat, Balat and Lawbah Circles. The meeting was attended by the President of the Garo Hills Zone, Bah Welbirth Rani and General Secretary, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit.
Alexander Lyngdoh is a young man from Namdong A Village, who has a disability, because he cannot speak since he was a child. His mother and now he works as a carpenter with his friends in Jowai.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 11 new cases have been confirmed and 343 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
This special prayer is a sign of solidarity with the people of Manipur, who have suffered from the outbreak of ethnic conflict, and to pray for an end to this situation. now so that peace can return to the region.
“As I said, the Assam government has not given any information on this and the state government has ensured that those related to the trade in property have the necessary documents,” he said. Prime Minister.
The ceremony was conducted by the Parish Priest of St. Dominic Savio's Church, Mawlai Parish, Rev. Fr. Telesphor Nonglang in the presence of the Elders and the faithful of Mawiong Umjapung.
Most of the Hindu organizations that staged a protest in Kolhapur on Tuesday demanded strict punishment for those who shouted the names of Aurangzeb and Tipu Sultan. which prompted the police to deploy a team to control the protest.
Furthermore, the party has received information that some people who used to traffic in drugs have fled and some are still going to vote in their respective states.
PN Syiem should have resigned from the post of MLA and the Congress should have started building the PDF in a clean manner, but now all the actions are fraudulent and secret,” he said. HS Shylla said that the desire of Bah Pynshngaiñ to force the post of CEM is only to facilitate the travel to and from Delhi and to spend the money of the District Council. He said that the emergence of the new party along with the existing parties will destroy the nation, because it was created in an unclean and transparent manner. it is said that it is slowly spreading like bsein and nianglartham.
“The Council will hold a meeting to raise the issue of paying the salaries of the workers according to the announcement of the Labor Department,” he said.
Three KSU leaders, Jayand Sylliang, Paplu Lyngdoh and Johny Nongrum, who were accused of involvement in the incident, will be tried tomorrow in the Court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate. in Nongpoh.
On Saturday last month, the Ri War Dancing Competition was held at the Wahlakhiat Dorbar Hall, Mawkynrew C&RD Block EKHD. The competition was sponsored by Yess Meghalaya under the motto “Every intelligent person who can speak if he doesn't open the door how can he escape”.
Khliehumstem High School (RI-BHOI) beat St. Claret High School (SWGHD) 3-0
The tournament was inaugurated by former Waheh Shnong of Wahiajer Kmenlang Shylla with the encouragement of the village leaders and the people.
Mane opened the scoring for Al-Nassr in the 28th minute with an assist from Ronaldo.
Through this programme, several people with disabilities from four districts including East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District, West Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills were brought together. PRIME Meghalaya together with the Khasi Disabilities Association, in which about 69 people with disabilities took part in the meeting to discuss and express their desire to stand on their own feet.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 14: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FPP) has congratulated the Police Department of East Jaintia Hills District and all the police of Meghalaya for their hard work and fighting to eradicate the murderer. The union also congratulates the police for burning drugs worth T 4 crore on the 9th of this month. Star Cement Company Lumshnong has been arrested for allegedly stealing dewbilat.
In the next match, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu 2-1 goals. Emdor Chyrmang scored the second goal for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu in the 10th minute. 37 and 44.
The Central Pollution Control Board (PCB) has told the NGT that it has discussed the matter with the Jowai Municipal Board, but their response is to collect garbage from one place and dispose of it elsewhere. This shows that they don't have a proper place to break the garbage, but to collect it elsewhere and to throw it elsewhere.
Conrad K. Sangma said that it has already allocated Rs 800 crore to achieve this goal.
He said that since 2016, the construction of a new market has started, but the work has not stopped.
Also present at the ceremony were MDC War, West Ma Het Pohthmi, MDC War, East Ma Gilroy Tariang, Rangbah Shnong, Elders of the Elaka and Lymba Kur who came from all over the country. Khasi Jaintia.
Gupta, Md. Ashraf, who sell goods at Bhutia Market, GS Road, Shillong and Nandu Paul, who sell goods near Dreamland Cinema Hall, Shillong, were arrested for selling counterfeit goods in the name of PUMA. .Shillong: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle in a statement said that it fully supports the understanding of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle to all the officers who came to work for one or two days. shitaiew, because this is like an insult to the people of the District as a whole.
He referred to the decision of the Kashari Division Bench, saying that the Court had issued a decision in 2011 rejecting the notice of MUDA to demolish the illegal structures on the banks of the Umkhrah River.
However, it is not clear why the first MDA government, in 2021, introduced a law to ban teachers from participating in politics.
The Chief Guest also thanked Mr. Nehlang Lyngdoh who donated to the school at the beginning of the construction of the building, and also thanked Phasmon Dkhar who donated classrooms.
The opening ceremony of the CCTV camera was attended by the elders, mothers and youth of the village. the village of Wahthapbroo.
On the other hand, the Minister said that after the Law Department and the AG have expressed their findings, the Minister said that it is clear that the incident has been going on for a long time. lack of cooperation with the Assam police.
There are currently 1,782 cases of covid-19 in the state and 1,495 deaths.
This may not be because he no longer wants to receive honor only from his own religion or church.
Hek said that at the beginning of the session of the Legislative Assembly, the National Anthem of India was sung.
Shillong, March 06: Lumdiengjri Police have seized 34 grams of heroin from Stand Jeep, Iewduh belonging to a man from Laimer area.
Speech was also delivered by Bah S Thabah, President of Eastern Ri Bhoi Farmer Association, who expressed his regret over the scheme to plant agar trees. waste of public money.
The 8th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship (SAM) has come to an end on Tuesday.
These Regional Committees will have to work with the Regional Committees of the Assam Government to inspect the border areas, to verify the names of the villages recognized by Meghalaya and the villages recognized by the Government. Assam.
Three persons, including two children under the age of 18, have been arrested for involvement in the attack on people at Mahadev Khola.
Shillong, November 6: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the delay in implementation of development works in the state is due to too many protests and the delay in the construction of the Shillong Medical College. This is the reason why many protests like ILP and others.
Shillong, July 08: The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has sent a complaint to the former Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul on 8th July 2014 regarding the corruption of MLAs/MDCs. you are still there.
Not only that, they also promised to provide Rs 2 lakh for them to come and collect on the 8th of July.
He said that the cold is like a marble used by children.
The members of the Committee, said that the reason for the Committee to throw fish into the river, is as part of the preservation of the Dohkha Dohpnat and at the same time to increase the number of Dohkha in the river.
He said that the police should be vigilant against speeding especially on the highways and overloading of vehicles as these are the reasons that led to the tragic incident.
Apart from the Officer's Club attack, most of the attacks were in the city of Sheikh Zuweid, where they attacked seven military bases, sources said. message.
Shillong, March 21 : The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on Friday morning seized 100 drug traffickers from drug trafficking groups across the state. 2.21 kilograms of heroin worth Rs 15.54 crore were seized from Mawryngkneng.
Therefore, if the government really wants to reduce the traffic jam, it should order all the schools not to have buses to pick up or drop off schools. to carry up to 30 or 40 students and if there are 500 students, 7 or 8 buses are needed.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, November 09: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP)-Mawprem Circle has demanded that the PWD (Roads) Department should clean up the road in Mawprem village. The Seng, led by its President, Bah Reginald Thabah, has put this demand before the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads), Bah Kharmyndai in a meeting with him on Thursday.
On the other hand, the President, Bah MC Suting, said that the union demands that the government should improve the NH-6 road as the road is too bad to the north to Malidor. It is no longer a traffic road because the road has been filled with snow, so the government should forget about the railway line.
Two months later, no return.
The beauty of Meghalaya should have been there, but unfortunately it is not so.
The Minister said that she has already met with them twice on issues related to the ASHAs. Earlier, the ASHA leaders said that they want the government to clarify and respond to the issue. The demands of the group include the demand for an increase in their salary from 2000 tyngka per month and also for free medical treatment for them when they are sick.
He said that on receiving information about the incident, a Zero FIR has been lodged at Umiam PS and the Zero FIR can be lodged at any police station, even if the incident is not true. The incident occurred within the police station.
He said that there are schemes submitted to the NEC for the year 2017-18, which have not been approved yet and the suspension of these schemes will affect the relationship with the NEC. He said that there is a misunderstanding between the DoNER and the NEC and said that if there is a violation of the rules and regulations, but The schemes should run smoothly without any interruption.
It is worth mentioning that the construction of the temple is in progress and huge pillars have been laid at the site.
It has not been handed over to the PRC" he stated.
“It's not just about working at work but we have other programmes,” said Delphinia.
Announcing the decision, the Lamphang said, “By implementing these rules, I have removed these allegations made by Mukul Sangma from the House of Representatives. the council because they are against the rules.
He said that the party Spokesperson Bah M.Kharkrang is also one of the leaders who is well qualified to contest the Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong: U William A Sangma, one of the most successful robbers in Garo Hills, and former leader of the Achik National Cooperative Army (ANCA), today surrendered to Sachang Marak, Superintendent of Police, Garo Hills. Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
It may be recalled that the program was inaugurated by Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat on Tuesday at the NSSS.
AMSSASTA also demands that the government should release the salaries of SSA teachers as soon as possible so that it will not affect the families of SSA teachers in the state. These months, but it should have released even the months of November and November, otherwise they would have lost even the celebration of Christmas due to lack of salary.
They also promised that the time may come when all the ministers will sit together at the office of the Mylliem Hima every day to learn about the affairs of the Hima.
“Looking ahead, we have started talks with the Assam Government as well as the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
Shillong: Many Congress leaders have urged Dr. Mukul Sangma to contest the MP election. Lok Sabha and Tura Parliamentary Seat.
“Ribhoi Police have conducted a raid and seized 4750 kilos of Ganja and the drugs were smuggled from Tripura through Meghalaya and we have arrested the suspects. the case is under investigation," he said.
He also urged the media to work hard and follow the example of Bah Starfing who followed the border issue.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the Khasi Learning Center has provided training to non-Khasis to know and learn the Khasi language and the KHADC has also provided T.2 lakh to the KAS to run the Khasi language. its activities in relation to the Khasi language.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KFA) will start slaughtering beef again tomorrow.
The union has also requested to include Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the examination rules to open up opportunities for the youth of Meghalaya in employment.
At the time of writing, Bin Laden was on his way to Mangaldai when the truck was stopped from moving forward to avoid any danger to him. and to those who carry him.
Friends, these two examples I have given have achieved happiness because they have done good to us.
Furthermore, if any of those who are self-isolating at home have fever, cough or shortness of breath, shortness of breath, loss of strength and so on, they should immediately inform by phone to the following numbers. 94853-95373, 82579-46145, 89749-82878 lane 60094-49418.
“With the opening of this substation, the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, in his speech, said, “With the opening of this substation, we will be able to meet the demand of electricity in the West. Garo Hills without any problems.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said the cyclone will continue to blow until the morning of 21st June, but later it will weaken and hit Bangladesh.
Speech was also delivered by Dawan K.Lyngdoh who is also the MDC candidate from Mynsngat-Khanduli.
“I am pleased that many of the residents of these villages have returned their EPICs of Assam and this will make it easier for the regional committees to resolve the boundary in this sector,” he added.
Three policemen including Rakki CH Sangma, DFM Lekichyne Ryngklem, Havildar Dondiram Marak, Bipul Rabha and Manshanstar Nongdhar were killed in an attack in Garo Hills.
Encouraging the students to move forward in their studies, he said, “Education is not only for getting jobs but it will prepare everyone to face any challenges. .
Ka Doi : This is another food that is rich in nutrients, this food that we get from animals is a food that can be very useful among those with type 2 diabetes.
The road through the Them Metor has been completely closed until now.
According to Bah Nongsiang, states like Assam, Kerala, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu and Goa have done provincialisation or the government has taken over and managed only the teaching profession.
“I have not seen the report but these reviews are provided from time to time in various regulations.
Shillong, Jymmang: The three-day 20-21 AIPC Mega Convention held from 26th to 28th June 2022 at Tura, Meghalaya has ended with the participation of members from all over India. .
India has now proved itself as one of the strongest countries in the World Cup, after winning all nine matches especially beating other countries. strong as Australia, Pakistan, New Zealand, South Africa and England.
Later in the afternoon, there was a Shad Kolshor at Umphula Square with the participation of various senraij in the area who in traditional costumes performed traditional songs and dances.
In recent days, after the President of the MPCC accused the MDA government of involvement in corruption, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has emerged. It is clear that you have nothing to do with those corruption charges against you by the Congress Party.
There are 140 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam and of these 122 cases are from Guwahati alone.
No matter how much we cry, lynniar, lympat ialade or mutdur lehnohei, we cannot change this or bring back the past.
Perhaps this year Kashmir as in the past will increase in income from filming as well as revenue collected and others.
Monica Dkhar IE Block Resource Teacher Laskein explained about Hearing Impaired and CR Rynjah IE Block Resource Teacher, Amlarem explained about Intellectual Disability.
On this occasion, various banks including SBI, Nongpoh Branch also distributed sanction letters for the beneficiaries including KCC Loan, Business Loan and PMEJP Loan. selected specifically by these banks.
In this match, Lajong, although fully prepared for the tournament, but the loss of playing against one of the leading clubs in the ISL has made it more difficult for the players of Lajong.
Five policemen have died from the disease.
He said that if it were not for his inability to include the sector in the United Khasi Hills, there would be no point in saying that the area is part of West Khasi Hills.
Besides the fact that MeECL/MePDCL is already in short supply of funds and many debts to be paid, this will further hamper its operations and could lead to the collapse of the Corporation. and sell to private companies or individuals which may be someone else's plan.
Previously, the assistance was higher as some households received between T.150 and T.200 per month.
The AD is Gopalakrishnan M, the song is recorded by Suriya VS and the editor is Rohan Dutt.
The match tomorrow 21st will be between Luti Tuber Ialong SC and Sailung Ialong SC at 2 pm.
I would also like to apologize if this article of mine has offended anyone so that you don't feel anything and take this just as a great advice or suggestion.
Prominent leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday expressed their refusal to take part in the talks until the government agrees. prepare to drop all pending cases against them or the ceasefire contract already signed.
The Exposure visit cum Training of Scientific Cadre Officers of BIS (19 nos.
Most of the incidents were registered at Sardar, Rynjah and Lumdiengjri police stations.
Police intend to change the subject of the discussion, as this is a benami activity, by showing the demand for money of the HNLC and said that the SIM card, which was shown, was the one that was issued. by the police.
The Governor in his speech said he would talk to Union Home Minister Amit Shah on this demand.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today met with Arun Kumar Mishra, Chairman of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) in the presence of other members of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
IMFLs (ON) are open from 1:00 PM to 9:00 PM daily.
They also said that it is no longer surprising that the government is headed by Dr. Mukul Sangma alone. “But his abroad is a strong answer to his responsibility for the peace and stability of the state,” said the statement from the 14 parties.
