However, it was pleasing to relate it to the Khasi thought.
The election meeting was conducted by the President Central Body Commander Shangpliang who also gave a keynote address and an explanation of the working methods of the HFU. HFU is located in the block of West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Dip said another good news about Riiohlang, after reading a newspaper which stated that Riiohlang has joined the India has been named to the list of referees to conduct the I-League this season.
There have been 90,928 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours, an increase of 56.5% from yesterday.
“Don't hurry or the Council will fall into hell,” said the CEM. He said that if the state government delays in passing the Village Administration Bill and other Bills passed by the Council, , shall not be able to call a public meeting to go to the Secretariat.
All leaders and members of the JSM departments are invited to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the JSM will be successful.
The union supports the Kharbani clan for taking strong measures to complain against the bloodthirsty people, who have killed the life of this young man from the Kharbani clan.
Bah Ridley Rangslang explained the value of the Constitution of the country which is the largest and most important among the Constitutions of the world which gives us the right to democracy.
The leader of the cow farmers in the state said that the cow market in Khanapara is no longer the market as it used to be but has turned into a market for cows to be exported to Bangladesh.
The meeting was also attended by Rudy H Shangpliang as the Chief Guest, Pastor P.Hynniewta, Principals of Schools and Rangbah Shnongs from the constituencies. read.
A Russian journalist, identified as Dmitry Glukhovsky, was on Monday sentenced to eight years in prison by a Russian court for opposition of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The Sordar said that the land has been used voluntarily but without any payment due to the request of the people before the Independence Day.
Speaking to media, Dr. Kharlukhi recalled how the Congress which had 20 MLAs in 2018 split in two after 12 MLAs left to join the Trinamool. Congress.
Other aspects have not improved.
Bharat Rana (51 runs off 56 balls) and Sanjay Biswa (20 runs off 34 balls) top scored.
In verse 5 it says, "But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished.
Taliban leader Zabihullah Mujahid has released a video showing Taliban fighters capturing Spin Boldak, a town on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
The Jews were allowed to offer sacrifices inside the temple for only three and a half years.
The National Expert Group on Vaccines for COVID-19 (NEGVAC) has also commented on this.
Alexis MacAllister struck first, but it went straight to Lloris in the third minute.
Shillong, Lber 24: More than 10 months after the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) arrested a money launderer from the people by promising to get them government jobs, u Bah Dishan Nongbri from the village Mawkyrdang (rum Mairang), today they have arrested a snar who is the boss of Bah Phai Skhemlon, from Hat Mawdon, who lives in Hat Mawdon. wet house in Nongmensong, Shillong.
Shillong: The Jaintia Hills Central Body (DKHAR) has clarified the arrest of Ratan Dkhar, who was arrested by the police in connection with his involvement in the murder of a man. to buy phensydyl drugs.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that there are about 1500 villages which do not yet have Anganwadi Centers but some of them have been included under the Early Child Development (ECD) project.
Many of those who have already voted have already voted by email, or those who have gone to vote early, to avoid the polling day, 3rd November
There was a dance by Rimayasakhiat Kharbteng, a song by Jonaphia Kharbteng and a bass by Dr. Boxter Kharbteng.
This reporter also spoke to Wiandarning Nongsiej, who is also a brave man who rescued the woman. He said, “While I was working inside the factory, I heard a sound. I came to see but I saw that one of the women was stuck in the electrical sign and all the people were watching without wanting to help or do anything and at first I was afraid because I looked up and I saw another siej thadjain and I took it and tried to tied it from inside but the siej didn't reach very high so I climbed to the terrace to be happier and I tied it. I took a siej from the hand of the sign and immediately it escaped and as soon as it escaped the hand of the kong was ready to fall inside and I grabbed it from my foot and immediately I ask for help and the people have come to help.
There were also those among them who admitted that they had received longtrai on the land because they had received land from the Syiem of Mylliem.
Therefore, those students who have already applied for the award are kindly requested to appear on the above date and place.
All the six members of the committee have taken the decision to force the government to pass the Village Administration Bill so that the Governor can pass it into law. which is also the way to empower the Rangbah Shnongs.
In the 2014 MP elections, the NDA won 336 constituencies and received 46.6 percent of the vote across India.
“Although the Lokayukta has been informed that the complainant will not be able to attend on this day, they have not sent the video-conference link to the complainants or witnesses,” Gokhale said.
Our ancestors told us that when they loved their neighbors or when they were sick, the mothers or when they went to the market, the mothers used to raise their children and give them milk.
Vidisha district authorities said 83 sadhus had visited Haridwar between 11th and 15th June
JOWAI: Up to 12 shops have been closed down after they failed to produce proper documents to trade in Jowai on Thursday.
Police said that they have conducted investigations to find out whether these three persons were also involved in other illegal activities to promise employment to the residents by taking money from them.
There is only one contractor but the small contractors have to sit quietly and watch.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Forwardman Nongrem said that the banner was erected as a sign of the three years anniversary of the passing away of Spility Lyngdoh Langrin, one of the great men of the nation. against the Government of India to mine uranium from the 1990s until the days of her death.
After the meeting between the two Chief Ministers today, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sharma and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, said that through this first meeting, the two Chief Ministers. They have decided to proceed with the resolution of the outstanding border issues of the second phase and the remaining 6 border issues. They also decided to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam through careful consideration from both sides so that the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam can end.
He said, “Communication is essential.
When asked whether the government will continue with these construction projects in the state, the Minister said it depends on the availability of funds, but the government wants to dang more.
In science, East Khasi Hills performed best with 82.78% pass percentage while South Garo Hills had the lowest pass percentage with 16.67%.
On the other hand, Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary of Sonapyrdi Village, Wah Lukha Association, said that these cements factories do not follow the rules and regulations. He said that the District Mineral Fund (DMF) has not been implemented. He said that the District Mineral Fund (DMF) has not been implemented. He said that the Association should not clean up or install Treatment Plants, so that the waste from the Cements Factories will not reach or flow into the Lukha River. He said that something should be done so that the Lukha River will not be polluted and will be like in the past. Those who live near the Lukha River, should see the Lukha River as in the past so that the dohum fish will increase in the Lukha River.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah O Binong, said that he is deeply saddened by the incident.
The Minister of State, Deborah Marak, who was the chief guest, expressed her concern about the lack of scientific equipment for the production of sohphan in the state especially in the area.
shu.
All bonded warehouses/IMFL shops/canteens and others are requested to close on that day.
It will bring blessings not only to your family but to our country as a whole.
Bandasharai Marwein won the third place.
The assistance, which has been distributed to 1,80,000 schools, is for students from class 1 to higher education levels. This theft shows that the food fees, which should have been received by the children, have gone to these schools, which are cheating.
In the same incident, the victim, identified as Ibrahim, was inside his vehicle when he was caught by the robbers in the middle of the road and shot dead. in the midst of his attempts to fight against these robbers.
“It is also very sad that even the Principals under the umbrella of the MCPC have accepted this order.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for listening to his requests and especially for implementing the sports policy in which the State Government has implemented the sports policy. was established in 2019 and through this it will be of great help especially in the development of sports in the State.
“The VAB is still pending before the Governor has approved it,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
“To worry only about strengthening the government doesn't make much sense but what is needed is to worry about how to govern for the state and the people,” he said.
In the last elections, they (NPP, BJP & TMC) were like miaw ki ksew but suddenly they came and said, this is our candidate, this is our candidate.
The 2nd Meghalaya Open Table Tennis Cash Prize Tournament 2023 started on Tuesday 2nd July 2023 at Laban Sports Club Indoor Hall.
The prize money for the tournament is 15 lakh tyngka.
The lucky draw will be held on 25th November
The reason for holding this market in Smit is because Smit Village is the Headquarters of the Hima Khyrim.
“Skills Meghalaya, which takes these training programmes, aims to empower the youth through the necessary skills.
The demand is to provide adequate electricity to the entire Garo Hills and to provide staff to improve the services of the department to the areas.
The Office of the Range Forest Officer, Mairang Range in collaboration with the Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police on 16th July 2023 visited the area. illegal rnga smuggling, trafficking and smuggling of rnga in many places especially in Sohjarang and Pathar Lyndan areas for transportation to The factory is located in Ri Bhoi district.
She also reminded the members of the principles of the Movement and the duties to be fulfilled as per the pledge to serve fellow human beings with love and respect without discrimination.
If most of the Khasi have to sit on the streets and not in the shops, is it still a 'pliang ja'? If one or two foreigners are more than the indigenous people, is it still the right of the Khasi? The Hima Mylliem may have figures on the number of indigenous people who have their own. shops in Judea and those who do not.
The SSCB (Army Corps) won the title, followed by Manipur.
Shabong's talents have been evident since he was a child and understanding that this talent will help him, he chose to join the club from this state, Royal Wahingdoh.
In the letter, he urged them to fight against Marcuise's crime and to declare that his victory is unrecognizable.
It is his personal decision whether he joins the BJP to serve the people.
The District Planning Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced to all NGOs in the district recognized by the Government that they can apply for the Chief Minister's Youth Development Scheme (CMYDS) to conduct programmes. various public awareness related to youth.
Jimmy handed over an AK-47 rifle, 86 rounds of ammunition and a wireless set.
In another development, it was reported that 50 people who were treated for Covid-19 at Gandhi Hospital in Covid-19 have been dismissed by their families and have been taken back to the hospital. One of them is a 93-year-old woman, because her children did not want to take her home.
Coal production from private coal mines during the same period increased from 66 MT to 86 MT, an increase of 30%.
The multisport event will witness the participation of 28 states and 8 union territories, which is scheduled to start from 26th March to 9th November. .
Johirul Islam was rushed to Bansamgre Primary Health Center by the people but sadly the doctor of this place died. The doctor said that Johirul had died.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Syiem said the meeting took a decision to seek clarification from the Ministry of Home Affairs on paragraph 14 (a) of the Sixth Scheduled which the central government intends to amend.
The Rangbah Shnong also appealed to the jhuns of the village and the public to work together for the safety of the community.
Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per head free of charge in urban and rural areas.
Shri.Sharai Lamare (Headmaster of Borsara Village)
The residents did not know the cause of the network failure; However, they believe that it may be due to the power outage in the area during these rainy days.
The biggest challenge for all households in the country is the turning off of lights during rush hours in the households.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma on Friday said that the implementation of the new Legislative Assembly in New Shillong has been very difficult. completion is scheduled for November this year.
Before going to bed, he prayed to God to free him from the burden of his thoughts and to give him once again the freedom of thought.
Corruption is the most terrible disease that must be eradicated for the benefit of all.
Shillong, Nailur 25 : The Research and Development Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday held its first meeting to encourage the conduct of research on the traditional customs and traditions of the Khasi people. the survey was scheduled to be completed within four months.
Sohra: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Saturday visited Sohra to inspect the German Technology Road constructed by M/S CCL International Limited, Hawakhana-Tura.
Shillong Lajong FC goalkeeper Bishal Lama was injured after a collision with Mohammeda SC player Remsanga in the 57th minute. .
On the other hand, Bah PB Sylliang said that there are Khasi who have Garo husbands and there are Garo who have Khasi husbands. Garo, but as the Union does not want the customs and traditions to change as they have been established since ancient times, and according to the Mylliem Act it is clear that the Rangbah Shnongs should be only Khasi who have reached the age of majority. Garo were allowed to be only the supervisors of the village and not the Rangbah Shnong.
The match was taken to extra time, but no result was scored and Sabahmuswang won the tie breaker.
The two suspects were identified as Arnes Momin alias Dikdik and Lepin R Sangma alias Dilsang Sangma, Commander of Goalpara district in Assam.
They request the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District to direct all the C&RD Block in the district to extend the deadline for submission of documents. These organizations suggest to the Head of District that if there is no way to extend this date, the C&RD Block should be allowed to submit only the application with a few documents. and in relation to ADHAAR No will be submitted again after the installation of this machine.
When the leaders speak, they are well received by the people.
Many of them are installed in Shillong.
Ashwin Vinod, a young man, wrote on Twitter, asking what color he would use, because he wanted to put a sticker on his car to meet his girlfriend.
“The search operation is ongoing after we received information about the abduction.
He added that the Government, despite many challenges in education, has set a goal to improve education in the state as a whole.
The Dy.Superintendent of Police (HQ), Bah MJ Marngar welcomed the guests.
However, they should not be rebuked with harsh words, “What kind of children are these who are stupid”.
It is necessary to remember this, because in watering plants, it is not necessary that the water should flow from the bottom of the plant, but from farther away in the zones where these thighs are located.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. .
He said that it is impossible to imagine that this place is so beautiful because in the past 50 years this place was not suitable because of the poverty.
Lhuid scored a beautiful goal for Lajong.
(iv) Returnees and Highrisks:- Returnees from abroad and highrisks should stay away from their family members and stay at home for at least 7 days. .
Also present on the occasion were Sampat Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Program Implementation and Evaluation Department, State Government and Ian Campbell, Olympic athlete who represented Australia in the 1980 Olympics.
The HRCP has received complaints regarding the harassment of minorities by these gangs in these areas and who threaten from time to time to attack and destroy. to the places of worship of the minority communities.
The Under-16 Football Tournament was held at Mawpynthaw Playground.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District is pleased to see that the youth men and women from South West Khasi Hills District have improved especially in sports. Many of them have been elected to lead the State and some of them have even led India abroad, but on the other hand it is sad because of the lack of opportunities. assistance from the government.
Dr. Sohlang said that until now there is no cure for the disease.
Announcing the protest, Robertjune Kharjahrin General Secretary said that the party has to take this step because the government has not taken action on the improvement of the road from Borsora to Nongjri.
“They have deceived the youth who are looking for jobs.
On this occasion, the NPP Nartiang leaders confirmed that the number of people who attended the meeting has reached more than 15,0
“I believe that he is not only the leader of Meghalaya, but the great leader of the entire North East,” he said.
Lot's wife was actually a woman whom God had chosen to survive.
The miaw said again, “To turn into a snake, the rakot has turned into a snake; As soon as he turned into a snake, the miaw struck him to kill him.
At present, Ma Anthony Sumer has not taken any decision on the party, but he will consult with his supporters before taking a decision.
Nongstoiñ, March 31: Hundreds of supporters of the Congress, NPP, PDF and others from Muliang constituency attended a meeting to join the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HDPP) today. On the other hand, Pangniang said that as the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State and as the National Federation of New States, the HSPDP has accepted as one of its members.
Willbirtsoon Kharsyiemlieh GS Lai Lyngdoh Circle, urged the members to unite and fight for the Jaitbynriew to come out in order whenever the Jaitbynriew needs it.
Meghalaya scored 102 runs in 45.2 overs for the loss of all wickets.
This is according to the ethnologists of the world.
To amend the rule that all complaints against the Syiem or against the rulers from the Kur Dorbar, Raid Dorbar or Shnong Dorbar shall be brought before the Legislative Assembly, Pyllun Dorbar and Hima Dorbar within 30 days.
However, Bah Metbah said the RDA will hold another meeting soon to take a decision on the joint candidate for the Shillong parliamentary constituency.
Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the purpose of the special session is to raise a supplementary demand for the expenditure on the monolith festival. He said that the KHADC has allocated a small amount of money for urgent needs here and there but all the expenses are from the state government.
SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem said that the police are closely monitoring the HNLC's threat against Kong Ampareen every day to ensure that the HNLC will not succeed.
I Bah HO Mawrie I said that the words “to earn the right” are not empty words and sound only in our ears, but they carry a heavy meaning, they also show the value. of righteousness and the way to walk in life.
Nongpoh, Nailur 21: The Joint Action Committee Against Casino in Ri Bhoi District has decided to hold a meeting to protest against the proposal to open a casino in Ri Bhoi. The JAC has also decided to invite the leaders, MLAs and MDCs, religious leaders and principals of schools from Ri Bhoi.
Lebanon's defeat to India in the final of the Intercontinental Cup has left them 10 points behind.
The meeting also decided on some of the common issues faced by the teachers of the schools such as the Improvement Exam in Class XII, the D.EL.ED offline training conducted by the D.EL.ED offline examination. NIOS and the inability to certify online mark sheets for those who have completed their graduate/master degree according to the NCTE norms.
There has been an attempt to use 60% of the funds to protect the environment and conserve water.
Hundreds of ASHAs and some ASHAs who carried their children marched along the road with slogans like 'We can't work for free anymore, don't leave us government', 'MDA Government Down' Down'.
Meghalaya started the second innings tied and needed to score 245 runs just to get Hyderabad to tied again.
In the category, the first prize went to Munivson Dom Mylliemngap for the Maruti Celerio and the second prize for the Bajaj Pulsar was won by Ferdelycia Wann of Saitsohpen.
These particular fisheries are managed by villages, self-help groups (SHGs), and villagers, groups of various organizations.
Because it is from this way of thinking of each of us, that we don't want to open the doors of our minds to accept what is right even if it affects the present, but the bringing back of the future. good luck tomorrow.
“We need to promote all kinds of festivals in this state, we have to market our culture and the way of life of our people who are closer to seeing that others are rich in culture, we have to encourage “We will improve the income of the state for the benefit of the people,” said the Chief Minister at one of the festivals he opened to the public on Tuesday in Ampati.
I appeal once again to the Ni ki Kong, parents, brothers and sisters, to water well in our own Rympei of our houses, and to take good care of the plants, by carefully ensuring that insects do not enter, and to completely destroy the plant from the roots of the family, human beings.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U MLA of Mawhati, Bah James Sylliang, has rejected the letter of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum and several EMs. u, but it was he himself who came to offer to join them.
The earthquake occurred due to heavy rainfall in Shillong which caused the ground to collapse and caused the rock to collapse suddenly.
The development we are seeing in the region is the vision of our Prime Minister.
Only Education, Social Welfare, ICDS and C&RD have received more schemes.
Puducherry has 30 constituencies.
Therefore, it urges MeECL to complete the 33 KV power line as soon as possible, so that the people of the area can get electricity.
If this is the case, what is the significance of the government’s claim that those recruited teachers are qualified and qualified to varying degrees.
True development is not the money but the wisdom of the people themselves to implement that money.
In a letter to the CEM of KAAC, Tuliram Ronghang, Titos said, “In this regard, I would like to suggest that a special meeting be held between the KHADC and KAAC to discuss the issue. “The outcome of the meeting will be sent to the Meghalaya and Assam governments to take the necessary action”.
There are 41,000 people who have reached the age of vaccination against COVID-19, but so far only 14,000 have come forward to be vaccinated.
There have been 786 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 12,5
“As a party, we need to have the right policies, principles and goals,” said Dr Jemino.
The Resource Center was inaugurated by the Extra Assistant Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and Block Development Officer of Umling C&RD Block, Bah Eric Kevin Dkhar as the chief guest. The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bur Khongtyngkut, the elders and the residents of Umtyrnga.
Replying to this, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that the government is not aware of the illegal activities of the company.
Afterwards, these dignitaries distributed Cash Awards to the winners of the medals in various categories.
The building is good but the water supply is too high.
The day of examination of the nomination papers will be after 3 pm on the same day. The day of withdrawal of nomination papers will be on the 1st December at 3:00pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Shillong High Court Bar Association (SHCBA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the allegation by Acting Chief Justice Umanath Singh of the High Court of Meghalaya. speak with words that are not pleasant.
Colossians 2:13–15.
“I have got some ideas, I am creating images and I hope it will be a job to end terrorism in this state,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 16: In order to bring the system closer to the people, the government has announced that it has allowed people to ates documents such as mark-sheets, birth certificates, and others. who are eligible for admission to schools and colleges in the state in this state.
Police also alleged that he was the one who telephoned the victim and said that Issei Sungoh had contacted the two arrested through Facebook and ordered them to pick up the money. the money you have demanded from the debtor.
The party has also strongly criticized the MLAs of Jaintia Hills for not listening to the issue.
Even in the current tournament, the Association has found it difficult to hold this badminton tournament due to the lack of adequate facilities.
The application has been launched in Umling Block of Ri-Bhoi District on a pilot basis.
“We are surprised why this happened, on the 24th, the time for the foundation stone laying ceremony was held at the place where we laid the foundation stone. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that," he said.
He was taken to New Delhi.
Ma Toyce Christopher Pohshna, resident of Jowai, passed away on 14/08/2
French police on Tuesday killed a 10-year-old boy for escaping from a traffic check outside Paris.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: The residents of Artiang Sanphaw village under Saitsama Polling Station have two names in Assam and Meghalaya.
“I personally consider that politics is a sacred job for giving the right hand and the left hand in an effort to achieve the aspirations of the people.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases in the country with 4,203 cases and 223 deaths. Mumbai alone has 2,700 cases. this disease.
Many Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs) play an important role in the tourism industry by providing quality services and supporting the economy.
However, they have to follow strictly the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to prevent the spread of COVID-19,” he said.
However, the Superintendent could not say why the KHADC has released these items but said that their duty is to comply with the order issued above.
For personal gain they do not hesitate to sell to the people at high prices, until they are willing to leave the people and step down from their seats.
Their inspirational stories are truly a source of comfort and hope for those who have lost hope and feel discouraged in life.
Besides, the road is rough and the stones that have started to be cleaned have been broken and there are places where even the stones cannot be seen on the road.
Introducing the budget in the House, Conrad set a target of T.27,072 crore including revenue collection of T.23,515 crore and capital of T.3,557 crore. .
The Waheh Shnong of Sohphoh, Mutshwa Thabah, said that the village has also banned people who used to come and buy in the village in various ways from entering the village until further notice.
Such a thing would be very unfortunate, but we are confident that it will come to an understanding.
The Supreme Court through the NGT has directed the Meghalaya government to offer the sale of coal through e-auction.
As of 24th November, 2022, the Police have seized heroin, Kynja and Opium, drugs and Amphetamine pills worth Rs 18.33 crore.
Ma Rymbui said that all the examinations for the Post Graduate examination should be conducted online but for the examination under Graduate students can take the examination online. For those students who cannot take the exam online, they can take the exam at their Exam Centres.
To live a life that will be a blessing and benefit to others.
Obedient children start at home by showing obedience from their parents.
The Rotary Club of Jowai was led by Rtn.
From this storm, rain and snow are produced, which renew the dead plants and fertilize the soil.
Through this name, Bangladesh will be able to enter the fourth line, after Arunachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and Assam.
The residents heard the earthquake and no damage was found to the houses or buildings.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Leader of Mairang. Mairang Civil Sub-Division and the Minister of State urged the Chief Minister to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub-Division to a district and announce this news at this meeting.
Another reason why the Governor did not approve and returned it to the Government, perhaps is because of the main provision of Article 14, the Constitution of India, which speaks of equality. Equality Before Law.
The provision of ration and foodgrains from the Government of India has greatly supported the households, especially the poorest.
The lack of attention of the State Government for 47 years to enact strict laws to curb the illegal influx and residence of foreigners in the State is the main reason for the “It is a threat to the State from these activities which can happen at any time and also which will affect the indigenous people in the future,” said Bah Reachingson Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO Central Body. .
On the other hand, the President of the Archery Association of Meghalaya, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, said that the presence of Mim Bahadur Gurung and Atanu was a great opportunity and encouraged the children to participate in the archery association. Atanu, who has been involved in the sporting career of Atanu, who has been involved for a long time since he was a child, has come to take part in this tournament. in the Archery Association and who has brought fame and glory to the country in many major archery tournaments around the world.
Shillong: U Vincent Pala, President of the MPCC, on Tuesday said that the party will welcome the five MLAs who have been suspended from the party. come back to the party.
Rs 2,380 lakh has been allocated for the Development of Textile Industry Scheme under the Silk Samagra II to provide assistance and benefits to the textile manufacturers of the state.
He said that the Amendment Bill will be sent to the District Council Affairs.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai said he had no knowledge of the incident and no one had informed him. Titos Chyne MLA Sohra said he had no knowledge and did not know anything. I didn't hear Paul's invitation.
Speaking to media, Kwintal Diamai and Simarbon Syierlait alleged that NEEPCO, which is implementing the Mawphu Hydro Power Project, has dug tunnels to supply water. in their place, without receiving permission from them until they had gone.
Here in Meghalaya, the MUA led by Dr DD Lapang and later Dr Mukul Sangma was in power,” he said.
It may be recalled that in the past few months, the Assam Government had planned to set up a Police Out Post in this area, but due to the opposition from the Village Leaders and Sengbhalang from Meghalaya, so it has stopped working.
Many people misunderstand that women and longkmie in this state also have the power over the rule of law.
Arunachal, who chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first, scored 94 runs for the loss of all their batsmen in 30 overs.
The repairs include the filling of potholes, cleaning of drains in Khliehriat, footpath, and especially the repair of the tunnel in Sonapur.
“In India, we follow an inclusive approach,” he said.
This shows that the leaders from Delhi do not respect the Prime Minister or the Meghalaya government and it can be said that they have been afraid that they have been begging all the time like a miaw ap ja.
If anything is done, there should be consultation between the authorities of Meghalaya and Assam,” said the leaders of the two parties.
Shullai asked where the Council will dispose of the garbage from the Lad Stadium Market from January 2023. He said that the question cannot be answered because the matter is still pending. the High Court of the State.
It is undeniable that many politicians have been shocked by the support of the people across the state for the call of the VPP for clean governance.
The union also urged the government that if it really cares about the problems of the people, it should take action and not have to involve the civil society as has been seen from time to time.
Up to 26 households have been forced to cry because at the time they had to harvest the soh which they had planted in the fields near Maskut village, Maskut district.
“Once the TB hospital is relocated, the Shillong Medical College will be implemented,” he said. the old one that was supposed to be built on.
There will be five thousand prizes for the winner, three thousand for the second and two thousand for the third.
The NPP leader admitted that the people had felt when the Prime Minister was asked about some of the party leaders on their unhappiness with Dhar's ticket offer. Former MLA of Mawhati, Dasakhiat Lamare.
Shillong, March 02 : The Ministry of Social Welfare (SDH) Shillong, Shillong, today celebrated the 100th birth anniversary of International Day of Older Persons will be celebrated on 01st March 2022 at Mawkdok Community Hall, Laitkroh, Khatarshnong C&RD Block.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The HSPDP Mawkynrew Circle has confirmed the nomination of Bah Martle N Mukhim as the party's candidate for the 2018 MLA elections.
Therefore, TUR condemns this injustice, it said in a statement.
Then shall the good and righteous sheep answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or at least in prison, and came unto thee? You are sick that you cannot help, You are clean that you can clothe.
We must not be biased and justice must be based on the facts.
Shillong, July 28: Mylliem MLA Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that he does not agree with the claim that one person holds two posts.
“The government has requested the CERC that factories should pay more than those who use electricity at home, but we have not received any information from the CERC. Commission, but the government is still discussing this issue, and we will try to resolve this issue and these issues must be resolved if we want to have sustainable growth in MeECL”.
These 5 cases are from outside the state and 14 BSF personnel. In Ri Bhoi, 7 cases are from outside the state and include 2 cases from Byrnihat and 5 cases from Baridua.
If you find them, take them to the police station.
However, the Minister, who is the Spokesperson of the Government, said that as the railway has reached Mendipathar in Garo Hills, it is necessary to know and read more about how Garo Hills has benefited. and how the arrival of foreigners occurs here and has an impact.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) congratulates the people of the state for forcing the state government to promise and announce that it will repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act. , 2021.
Up to four Khasi youths have been seriously injured and many others have been seriously injured in a clash with Nepalis last night in Jatalong, a Nepali-inhabited village.
Marian and Jerry from Ireland, in their brief speeches at the meeting, said that teachers have a problem even in their own country.
One of the groups that teaches traditional music of the children of Hynniewtrep, Siengrity, Wahkhen, East Khasi Hills District on Thursday took part in the Hill Festival.
Thus, the Kur with one mind has been working hard to promote the Kur and the jait to meet from one village to another.
There are many followers and viewers of LRO's posts on Twitter and it is not good to allow her to write or comment as she pleases without facts.
Idashisha Nongrang has been appointed as the new Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya on the 11th of this month.
He said that in the year 2021-2022, more than Rs 1600 crore jobs have been implemented by various Village Employment Councils.
Sunil Britto CFC (CRI Ri Bhoi President), Sr.
The program was also attended by the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar, the Commissioner & Secretary of PHE, SMA Razi, the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, Chief Engineer of PHE, Badarisha M. Lyndem, other government officials. District, village leaders and the people of the area.
In Jowai, the puja was conducted by the Sarbajanin Durga Puja Committee and was held at Shiv Madir in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills Sports Club, Shillong, has reached the final of the Jwhwlao Baliram Boro Gold Cup tournament held at Kokrajhar, Assam.
He said that the people leave Mendipathar at 7 pm and return at 7 pm.
However, the sons should also take over their authority with the responsibility not to discriminate against other brothers and sisters in their family.
I don't care about anyone, the daju are just like us.
It has been proposed that 19 out of 126 Assembly constituencies and 2 out of 14 Lok Sabha constituencies will be allocated for Scheduled Tribes.
However, the order on Friday came as a surprise to the GNLA chief after he rejected the request to release him from the MPDA. Champion was arrested on 30th July, 2013 by stating that Champion will be released on bail if he is not arrested under the MPDA. Champion has been pending the case against him at Pynursla Police Station in East Khasi Hills District.
When inquired from some of the office bearers of the more remote villages, who have set up such offices, they said that these AECs are committees comprising some of the neighboring villages. The implementation of the scheme such as village roads, footpaths and others is still in progress.
Shillong received 6.2mm of rainfall and Umiam received 0.2mm.
In all these constituencies, the NPP has nominated one candidate including Violet Lyngdoh, MDC Rymbai Khliehriat.
Meanwhile, in Stanislav, two men, aged 57 and 71, were killed in another Russian missile attack and one of them was a pastor.
She said that in the fight there will always be winners and losers, but the winners should continue to fight hard to reach the higher levels and the losers should not lose heart but should continue. children at other times by being children who will not be physically abused.
This was followed by the release of the book “The Light Jyoti Volume: 3 Issues:1
He said the government will ensure that all households have piped gas and to provide free solar power to the households. the house of the poor.
At this meeting, Bah Dino DG Dympep will take part in a General Debate and Interactive Dialogue on various issues prepared by the Human Rights Council Secretariat.
However, the presence of strong laws and visionary rulers makes the city run smoothly.
In West Garo Hills, there are 19 cases, one case from the Armed Forces, 17 cases from high risk contacts and one case from abroad.
“We demand that the State Government should provide all the necessary documents so that the Supreme Court can open the coal mining in the hearing on the 15th of this month, because we hope that “I will be able to mine coal again,” said Sony.
Pyllun/Nongsder, Jymmang 11: Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar has expressed his anger over the destruction of 15 houses in Nongsder and Pyllun-Ri-Bhoi Districts. 15 houses are only the violence and wisdom of the government and the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District.
We don't check our blood pressure and hemoglobin count as well as other parts of the body such as the liver, kidneys and so on.
“This weakness of the party is not only in the state, but even in the Central, the Congress itself will not be able to do anything,” he said.
On this occasion, an exhibition of the colors of various Government departments was also held.
“Bah Pala has asked 235 questions in Parliament and we will explain his work in a fair and detailed manner,” he said.
She also expressed her concern over the permission of the District Administration to hold a roadside khwai competition.
Shillong: Mary Therese Kurkalang today posted a post on her Facebook page titled #Metoo #MetooIndia. Edmunds, Shillong, that he had prepared a book for her when she was five years old and it was at that age that the brother showed her his manhood and She told her family about the incident, but she was beaten and severely beaten and when she turned 12 years old, she refused to meet him. However, there too, she was threatened and threatened by her family members who never asked her why she did not want to meet the brother.
He said that although China has begun to be severely affected by the new respiratory disease, the authorities of that country have denied that the disease is a threat to the country. China and other countries.
However, this is not a good example of Work Culture.
Earlier, the MDCs of KHADC were not happy with the letter written by the Under Secretary of Soil and Conservation who directed the Secretary of KHADC to write to the Chief Executive Members of Sohra Sub Division not to interfere in the implementation of this project. the government scheme.
When asked by the police, he said that he earned money from stolen money, from money collection gates and also from money from offices and he used to lend money to people. at a very high rate of interest.
“However, we will try to resolve the shortcomings within three or four days,” said the CEM.
As part of bringing in Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) as an important part of providing support to the crores of people of Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has said that to provide employment to about 7.5 lakh youth through the implementation of the Prime Minister and Chief Minister Internship Programs which are currently implemented in the state.
From Nongpoh, the NPP has contested against Cleophas B Syiem, former CEM of KHADC, from Jirang, from Nongkrem, from Mawsynram, Laplu M Sangma and from Shella. Lawanpynshngaiñ K War (son of Kitdor Syiem, former MLA of Mairang), Macmillan Byrsat from Nongstoin and Alfred Kharbani from Rambrai-Jyrngam.
Police have arrested two more persons in connection with the shooting of Agnes out of more than 40 persons involved.
The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) today announced that the National Treasurer James PK Sangma has been promoted to the post of National General Secretary to oversee Arunachal Pradesh.
“We have to work harder in Meghalaya but the people will regret that they did not vote for the BJP because of the development works happening in Assam,” he said.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 1,736, of which 1,701 are civilians.
About 44% of Indians speak only Hindi especially in the eastern parts of the country and it is also the most widely spoken language even if they cannot write and only 56% speak Hindi. other languages.
“I am sick of heart when I talk about the continued violence of Sri Lankans.
“The reply of James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly is false because he said that Meghalaya has received only T.76 crore from the Central Government while the reply through RTI from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government is false. “T.119 crore and this shows that the state health department has misused or wasted T.43 crore,” said Disparsing.
Gondenggre won the second title.
Article 371 is needed to protect the nation because the Sixth Scheduled is not yet clear enough to protect the nation.
Speaking to reporters, HNAM Women's Wing President Betty Jyrwa said that after receiving complaints from some MTC employees that they have not received their salaries for half a year, the HNAM will not refuse. to come forward to protest against their lack of salary for months.
In the second innings, Pomshutia CC scored 143 runs for 6 in 20 overs. Aristerwell Suting tied for 44 runs.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The State Government on Tuesday announced the appointment of Prof SM Sungoh of the Department of Education of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU). the Chairperson.
Nongthymmai: The village of Nongthymmai Kyndiar, which is only 15 km from the Pynursla Highway, has many beautiful sceneries and stories.
Four NPP MLAs have left the BJP government in Manipur and joined the Congress party with the aim of forming another government in the state.
The tournament was inaugurated by Wellbirth Rani, Chairman of NEIPF and former President of FKJGP as the chief guest in the presence of MDC Lamphrang Blah. .
Speaking to media, the organizers of the tournament said that the tournament will be divided into six categories for children aged 6 years and 7 years. Category 7, for children aged 8 years to fall under Category 8, for children aged 9 years and 10 years to fall under Category 10, for children aged 11 years and 12 years to fall under Category under Category 12, for children aged 13 years to fall under Category 13 and for children aged 14 and 15 years to fall under Category
Rangdajied and Ryntih have five points each, but Langsning will be the first team to lose to Mawlai. The two teams will meet on the last day of the league on the 24th of November.
“What do you say, son?” asked the father. “I told you that I was in love with Lydia, do you know how happy you are?” Hep said, “I am happy, since I have been so beautiful to that child.
Remember, brothers and sisters, if the religion, the customs, the customs and traditions disappear, it will be better for this nation, the land of Hynniewtrep-Hynñiew Wasa, to disappear. completely.
Perhaps it will also be the first time that the counting of votes will take until 3 pm in Nongstoiñ Constituency.
The Seng Khihlang, as usual, this year, in collaboration with the Seiñraij Wahiajer, will hold the 33rd Youth Conference of the Seiñraij Wahiajer.
They strongly condemned Bah Stodar Dkhar, President of the Meghalaya Land Owners and Cultivators Association (MLCA) for threatening to kill Bah Khraw Iangrai. Sirdar of Mawlong Hima, to examine the documents of foreigners who have come to work temporarily in Mawlong Hima to be included in the Electoral Roll ).
For that reason, I am not surprised by the action of the Central Government.
In addition, Syiem Sibsing was enrolled at the Sibsing School in Nongpyndeng.
Nongstoin, June 12: Synsar is one of the most common plants in many parts of War, Bhoi, Lyngngam, Nongtrai, Muliang and Rimen. in the middle of the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the union urges the relevant authorities of the government and various telephone operating companies in connection with this system of simcards to curb such activities so that they cannot. to curb many evil deeds in the society,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Sengkmie.
The three soldiers were arrested on Tuesday and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that in fact the government has brought in the MUDA Complex, which has also set up parking lots for parking vehicles, but the availability of parking space in the MUDA Complex has been destroyed. because until recently, commercial vehicles and even private vehicles still had to park on public roads.
Fr.Lyngkot urged the faithful to go to the church of Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong to take part in the prayers and rituals.
“Young man, do you carry heavy burdens in life? The young man nodded his head and answered yes.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Police today at 1 pm arrested a member of the HNLC from Mawlai Mawroh while he was on his way to meet with his aides.
Police also found the motorcycle used by the two teachers lying on the side of the road.
They also requested for the need for coaching centers in each district and block to help the students to pass these examinations.
In the second half, Tynring opened the scoring through Mebalabiang Marboh in the 51st minute.
Jowai, July 14: The Syiem Jingsuk Parish, Amlarem has organized the 1st Inter RC Schools Cultural Competition, 2022 on the 8th and 10th July, There are about 8 schools in the parish.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Forum, Most Revd. Dr. Purely Lyngdoh, said, “We have discussed and expressed our concern over the political situation in Assam. in Meghalaya and in India as a whole.
"In 2022, Amazon launched a widespread campaign that reached Millions of shoppers in over 100 cities across six states, boosting people's trust in the This was done through 400 short street games and the release of monthly radio broadcasts on consumer rights, choices and the ability to solve the problems they face.
The application has a Secure Page for each member of the House for sending questions and other notices.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Agriculture, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 17th June visited the ARC Polyhouse of Kyrdemkhla. (IVCS), to meet with the members of IVCS who are the beneficiaries of the rice seed production programme.
The counting of votes started at 8 am today.
I am happy to thank God and through the encouragement of my parents I have received this opportunity and also through my hard work and with the help of God.
“Any apology, compliance, will be against my knowledge and the court,” Bhushan said in his reply to the Supreme Court today.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : Adhoc teachers of private schools across the state will receive up to 9000 tyngka per month after the Cabinet approved the salary increase in November this year. .
The festival was inaugurated by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism, Government of Meghalaya.
At first glance, it seemed that they were wearing a blue dress that only they knew.
In a statement issued by the General Secretary, Bah Lammat O Laloo, the tournament has been postponed from Tuesday due to the District Level Subroto Cup. continue to be announced later.
Following this incident in the area, the police have increased patrols and investigated the situation until peace and order has been restored in the area.
Therefore, he invited the residents of South West Khasi Hills District to attend this program so that they can get assistance.
Jeffree scored two goals in just eight minutes and scored a hat-trick after scoring a third goal before the end of the first half.
Bah Mawiong strongly opposed the action of the Sengbhalang groups in the Jirang Hima for not recognizing the villagers who run the sawmills.
“Bah Hek has revealed something that surprised me.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Shyllong-Laitlyngkot Market, Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, said that the body belongs to Kristine Mylliemngap.
Political parties like the UDP and NPP have expressed their desire to implement the ILP while the MDP and NCP have expressed their desire to look into the ILP. HSPDP 'Thlim tied u Bah Adilbert to the table' angry that the Chief Minister has not listened to his request for the report of the High Level Committee on the illegal entry of foreigners.
Shillong: Suddenly, while the vehicle of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who was on his way to visit Mawlai Prebyterian College, four political parties including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), HANM, CoRP, EJNC and JSM under the Save Hynniewtrep Mission have taken to the streets at Bishop Bidon Fall in Mawlai Nongkwar to hold a funeral for Conrad. placards to announce the 9 issues set by the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
Shillong, Nailar 6: After it was found that some Khasi women have given shelter to foreigners by not owning their shops during the shop raid by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). the fields belonging to foreigners in Iewduh.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk and in South West Garo Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk.
He was called Ramhah.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi District, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, urging him to take immediate action against the illegal immigrants. Assam Forest Department personnel in these border villages in Ri Bhoi District and Block-2
You see that even after Bah Julius Dorphang has surrendered, the struggle of the HNLC has not ended yet”.
He said that the facts show that while there is no election, the people, the civil society and those who claim to be the leaders of the people of the country gather in Monphran as the Khlawait of the people. They have been protesting against the party or against the government and all the people have gathered there and surprisingly at such a time no one has spoken for the cause of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The MDC elections in 2014 will not be held in the old constituencies although many MDCs especially in the ruling party in the KHADC want it to be held in the new constituencies.
The union has demanded that the Minister in charge of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui should immediately appoint the Principal and Vice Principal before the start of school.
" They are all buried together.
Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken filed her nomination papers as the CEM candidate from the PDA on the 11th. This incident shocked the KHDA MDCs who were present. and Grace at the CEM election meeting and those who had lunch with Grace in the morning filed their nomination papers to contest against them.
These masks were handed over to B Chetri MPS Additional SP, West Jaintia Hills in the presence of MJ Marngar MPS Crime and CW Lyngdoh.
What is the meaning behind this plan, I cannot understand.
The Afghan Interior Ministry estimates that the death toll, including civilians and soldiers, has risen to 160, including 27 civilians and 100 wounded.
After being released by the police, Kumar said the kidnappers tried to intimidate him and torture him.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai today inaugurated the Land Port Dawki in the presence of the Symbud Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
He said the government has appointed the Justice DN Chodhury Commission to investigate the shooting death of people in Tura and has spent T.64.85 lakh on these two investigations but nothing has come out so far. the families of those who died are still waiting for justice.
This understanding comes at a time when Pakistan is preparing for elections and a new government next year.
Meanwhile, Antim Panghal beat Tokyo Olympics medalist Bolortuya Bat-Ochir 3-1 to win the bronze medal. , while other runners faced challenges on this day.
Shillong, November 22: The PIL has alleged that Rule 17(1) (a) of the Assam Autonomous District Councils Rules 1951 does not allow MDCs to be elected. On the 23rd of this month, the meeting was postponed for 10 days to the 24th of this month.
“You have to work hard and persevere and you don't have to waste your talents,” said Bah Kenes.
Shillong: The Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) has started preparations for the TSA Football Tournament which will start on the 30th of this month.
The 10th WKHDCA State B Cum Inter Schools Chess Championship will be held on the 7th and 8th July from 9.30 pm at the C&RD Hall. Nongstoin Block.
One of the victims, a 57-year-old man, died shortly after being seriously injured and taken to hospital for treatment. more to give the right treatments.
Through Prime Agri Response Vehicles, 200 vehicles will be distributed to Cooperative Societies, Self Help Groups, Farmers Producer Organizations and private individuals with a subsidy of 50 percent in relation to the cost of farming. send the car.
It is to be recalled that the demand for the construction of the footbridge in Nongpoh is one of the issues that has been discussed from time to time and has been demanded by the village authorities and the people for the The safety of the people in the traffic which has to be jammed on the highway which is dangerous for the traffic.
In ancient times, the boundary of the Khasi Syiems' rule was from the National Highway from Guwahati to Goalpara and from Guwahai to the east. Karimganj.
In order to get a beautiful leaf, the leaves are harvested about two or three times.
The purpose of online classes is good and beneficial especially when schools are closed, but the problem with online classes is that many students especially those who live in rural areas are not There are many children whose parents work hard to send them to school, but if they have to take online classes, many of their parents They cannot send their children to this class because of lack of income, only the school fees and book fees of their children are paid by the poor parents with great difficulty, because they want to their children shall also have a bright future which is the right of their children.
He said that MeECL has proposed to increase the price from T.35 per unit to T.200 per month.
Also present were the Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongblai, the Sordar of Raid Wahkhen, S.Khongjirem, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlieh, S.Marbaniang and Stanly of Raid Nongkhlieng.
Purno A Sangma passed away on the morning of 4th October 2016 in Delhi at the age of 68 years due to a stroke.
Hopes for India were slim to reach the title target which required 444 and was in the hands of Virat Kohli, who scored 44 runs at the end of the fourth day , in which India scored 164 runs for the loss of three wickets, but Kohli on the fifth day could not hold on and after scoring 49 runs, he lost his own wicket.
Shillong: Shangpung Kickboxing Training School together with the Dorbar Shnong Shangpung Koira on 3rd October 2019 at 8:30 pm welcomed the Gold Medal winner of Indian Kickboxing Star Hame Shaniah Suiam. and Silver in the X WAKO World Cup Diamond Kickboxing Championship 2019 which will be held from 24-29 September 2019 in Anapa, Russia.
Prime Minister Gopinath Bordaloi was the Premier of Assam from 1946-4
In the North Eastern States of India, the population has increased rapidly in recent years, especially in Meghalaya.
The CEM, after discussion in the House today, said that the salaries of the employees will be released within this month.
The first thing we have to think about is that as a nation we must find the past that will lead the present and proceed to the future and put it in writing.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla announced the award at the ceremony to honor 16 Under-14 Boys of HKSingh Memorial Secondary School who have brought fame to the school and the district in the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football. The tournament is organized by the Directorate of Sport & Youth Affairs.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Magdalyne urged the youth to work hard in their talents whether it is in football, singing and dancing and other talents. have.
Jowai, November 28: U Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of PWD, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of PS Dkhar, DC West Jaintia Hills District, SS Syiemlieh, Additional DC, MM Sun Secretary PWD, UL Passah, Chief Engineer PWD, Government of Meghalaya, together with offices of the PWD department, today inspected the Jowai Bye Pass, which has been separated from NH 44 at Thadlaskeiñ. you are passing through the city of Jowai.
The organizations that met with the Prime Minister yesterday denied that those who threw stones were involved with them.
It is surprising that until now, especially after the introduction of new equipment, the road department does not have a proper working method to investigate such incidents especially “To avoid the delay in getting approval from the government to repair minor damage, because if you leave minor damage, it will lead to a lot of expenses if done improperly from the beginning,” said Bah Wankitbok.
Because this will change the way of thinking in society and in the State.
The book of Acts (Acts 9:1-5) tells of Saul's encounter, and Rev N.B.Diemgdoh says that Saul was involved in the theology of persecution on the road to Damascus. .
On this issue, Sangma said he had spoken to his colleagues to tell them about what he had discussed with Sarma on the border issue.
“Every government department should appoint senior officers with the rank of not less than Under Secretary or GRO so that if there are any problems in the implementation of the Roster System, they can look into it. fix it soon" says the new OM.
JOWAI: All 112 candidates for the MDC election to the JHADC Legislative Assembly to be held on 27th June have completed their nomination papers.
In the women's category, Ri Bhoi beat South West Garo Hills 7-0
Four candidates of the Congress party, Marbud Dkhar from Mawlai constituency, Gopal Stone Hynniewta from Mawsynram constituency, Osborne Kharjana from Sohiong constituency, Nehru Suting from Pynursla constituency and Dannyson Kurbah from Mawphlang constituency.
During the search operation, 694 grams of heroin were seized from Gracy's residence.
The meeting was held to discuss how to prepare for the Dorbar Bah Bri u Hynniewtrep which was decided at the meeting held on 9th June
Therefore, we would like to urge the residents not to eat tits without knowing whether they are safe to eat or not.
The team includes Ayekpam Maipak Devi, Oinam Chaoba Devi, Khushbu, Elangbam Priya Devi and Elangbam Leirentombi Devi, who showed their skills before losing 10-2 13-21 in the semifinals.
The focus and responsibility for the work will not only develop the business but also improve the human mind.
He said that he has won as an MDC of the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC) since 1972 and has been with it until In 1994, the Hill People's Union (HPU) was established.
This method of calculating electricity bills will be implemented immediately after the installation of smart meters, for consumers who have smart meters.
Besides, Bah John said that over the years, the MSOA and the Sports Department have a goal to improve the competition and he hopes that the financial assistance will not be too much. Not only from the state government, but also from the companies.
On the surface, this traffic jam can be reduced and not eliminated, only if the government has the responsibility to direct all school authorities to install school buses, especially those schools which have in the center of the city.
“In the MLA election, there were 9 candidates but we decided not to contest the MLA election. The Autonomous District Council has been used as a temporary seat to win MLAs and we call it the Autonomous District Council but the independence of the District Council has been lost because the party in power in the state is the same party that rules the District Council. He added, “KHNAM has been running for 20 years on a strong foundation without money. He said that it is a weak party, it is a poor party but as a movement it supports the party because from time to time we raise issues whether there is an election or not and we stand forward. for the good of the nation.
The War Mustoh, Nongwar and other War areas do not have Jaid – Read the Dulir Mukotduma between Bah AS Khongphai and others. Stanley DD Nichols Roy won the case and won the election from Cherrapunji (LA24) Constituency without discrimination.
On the day of the formation of the group, Shining Kyntla was elected as the President and Tony Nongrum as the General Secretary.
Because even in the Christian faith, God created the man first and then the woman.
Speaking as the chief guest at the Shad Sukra in East Jaintia Hills District, the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Seiñ Raij Tuber and also to the Seiñ Raij Tuber. The Seiñ Raij Shnong of the villages who have taken this important part to preserve the customs and traditions which is a religious practice which has been around since ancient times, has encouraged the Seiñ Raij not to destroy it. He also extended his Shad Sukra greetings and wished the children of the Seiñ Raij that this Shad Sukra will bring clean fruits in the agriculture. , for the good of all the children of thousands, that they may live well and prosperously.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with the land owners and coal owners from across the Khasi-Jaintia Hills to discuss and seek advice on how to improve the situation. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned coal mining.
In June 2022, the child touched the teacher's hand inside the school classroom, slapped her and slammed her head against the table where she was sitting. that he doesn’t like her and doesn’t want to see her again.
In a statement, the UHM-EJHD through its President, Ma Brosenly Siangshai expressed its deep concern regarding the illegal trade of foreigners as well as contractors who do not have proper documents to to do business and to work within the district.
The Muslims did not agree with the decision and demanded that Asia should not be destroyed.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, u Rangbah said that he has done many jobs from selling shops, bylla, kitnong but all these jobs have not been able to meet the needs of the family. shed.
Last year, when there was a mismanagement in the working of the electricity department during the tenure of James K. Sangma, the UDP demanded the resignation of James.
“It should be decided together with the leaders, MLAs Sohra, Shella and MDCs, the Syiem, the Chiefs of those Elaka which do not fall under the Hima Sohra.
“I would like to thank KAS for your efforts to fight for the Khasi language as one of the recognized languages ​​of India by including it in the fifth schedule,” he said. CEM also promised that the District Council will work together in this regard so that the Khasi people will see that their own language will be the language to be recognized by the Constitution of the country.
Nongpoh, November 04: Two organizations including the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region today suspended the distribution of ration cards in Council of the Proper City.
“A bad season for Messi is the worst for others.
We strongly condemn the Government for setting up an entry/exit point but it has not worked and I urge it to do something from now on and it should be vigilant. you have to go one way".
However, Mawpdang did not lose heart and fought hard to score the third goal, and it was in the 38th minute that Garywell Syiem scored the first goal.
The Budget Session of the JHADC will be held on the 9th of October at 11 am.
The reply received from the DMHO is that it will inform the relevant authorities on this issue.
Others are only brothers of the BJP who will be only 'niang kohnguh'
At the same time, he appealed to the employer to work properly and not just to work properly but to work according to the allocation and to complete on time.
In Gaza, at least 600 people have been killed since Israel launched several attacks.
In conclusion, he said, “The Government has so far said that the loss of agricultural products is not a task that has to be done immediately to help. Is it not the work of the farmer? Therefore, we urge that if agricultural products are lost, they should help immediately, not delay and give a little as usual as the Government now through the MDA led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. tried to turn to encourage the farmers.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the government will look into this and will not appoint or use politicians to be members of the DSC or MPSC to bring about transparency. in the appointment.
He said that there are MLAs who are now before joining the NPP and the first condition they set is to remove him from the post of CEM. The post of CEM is not a loss to him, but a loss to the district council.
When we turn back to the Ministry of Education headed by Bah Rymbui, we see that many of the problems of SSA and RMSA teachers, urban and rural school children, delays in the delivery of students' fees and scams related to the construction of Eklavya Residential Schools.
Other districts are West Khasi Hills 498, South West Khasi Hills 331, East Jaintia Hills 622, West Jaintia Hills 633, East Garo Hills 196, North Garo Hills 241, West Garo Hills 1613, South West Garo Hills 134 and South. Garo Hills 40 cows are not able to grow milk.
Police said that at about 5.00 pm, the vehicle was seized at Ladrymbai near Friend Hotel.
This is due to their pure nature and thus brings glory to the village.
The UDP strongly condemns those insurgents who intend to create trouble and also those who try to create instability and said that as the party, it appeals to all the people of the State to Be vigilant and do not allow yourselves to fall into the trap of those who try to destroy not only their souls but their identity.
The march was held on 6th July
The aim of the NEDA is to liberate the North East from the hands of the Congress which is still in power in many states in the region, including Meghalaya.
Shillong: Eleven persons were injured and taken to Civil Hospital and Woodland Hospital for treatment after a vehicle collided with pedestrians at Mawlong Market. I'm going to Anjalee.
The traffic jam is every minute, every hour and every day and throughout the year especially except from 3 Mer Upper Shillong for those coming from Sohra and West Khasi Hills, South West and Eastern West Khasi Hills includes those from Pynursla.
An additional 1,400 Ha has been allocated for fish farming. 7,000 fish farmers have benefited.
Peterson Lamare took three wickets and Firstbornson Dkhar took two wickets.
With the joint efforts of the Congress, Trinamool Congress and the Voice of the People's Party in the Opposition, it is hoped that they will raise issues that will build the country and the nation in all aspects especially in the field of and the economic growth and development of the state in all aspects.
A video has been circulating on social media in which NPP candidate Samlin Malniang has insulted the religious leaders, saying that they are only explainers and not doers.
He said that as a nation which has been called a nation of knowledge, it is our duty to turn to God for the works we do in our lives whether it is in times of trouble and trials. for it is he that will help us, said Bah Ardent.
They are the third largest producer of agricultural products after pai and riewhadem.
Dr. Mukul Sangma said this after the shaking of his chair started.
Entry and exit to the house which has been declared micro containment has been banned and members of the family are not allowed to leave the house until further notice.
Lapang said the customs and traditions of the tribals should not be affected by the amendment to the Sixth Scheduled.
“If there are any residents who are stranded on the roads and cannot come on time, please inform us on these numbers 9862889655/8131061998 so that we can wait,” said Waheh Shnong Moolamylliang Ma Apmon Pachiang.
It will be a great achievement when this project is completed.
In the second innings, EKH scored 15/5, behind SCA-A by 185 runs.
On the 11th before the Eucharistic Procession in Jowai, at 10.00 AM there will be a Eucharistic Mass, with Father Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese, as the Chief Priest. in the presence of other Fathers from various Parishes of the Jowai Diocese and other Fathers from the Archdiocese of Shillong and the Diocese of Nongstoin.
Earlier, the police had also advised the shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in their shops to avoid any act of robbers and to make it easier for the police to arrest people who commit illegal acts when it comes to theft, robbery, and other crimes.
The High Court has rejected a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Greneth M Sangma against the state government regarding the roster system. '.
Referring to the recruitment by the District Selection Committees (DSCs), the Minister said it is not true that the DSCs have not invited applications because they have conducted the recruitment process although it is not many.
IPS Officer Idashisha Nongrang has been sworn in as the new Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya on 20th June.
Shillong: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, who is also the MLA of Mylliem constituency, this morning inspected the site at Umshyrpi at Jingkieng Rim for the purpose of bringing the Jhalupara Out Post to the site. area.
“After the FA Cup final, I will answer God's call and become a pastor,” he said.
We are proud of our rich culture and tradition of the state and the state government is committed to promote traditional arts and culture.
Sumarlangki Suting (64) scored for Royalpole while Risanlang Dkhar scored (69) for Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah.
At the same time, the FBI has sent its personnel to collect the DNA of the relatives of those who went missing and could not reach Maui, so that they can identify the bodies. who have gathered all the mountains.
Several experts including Larika Challam, Senior Scientist KVK, Director of JHDS FR Manbha Pakem, Coordinator of JHDS Denis Kurkalang and other guests were also present.
Not only that, snepkor water helps to replenish water in the body and prevent dehydration.
The market was formerly the plate of the Khasi; now it has turned into a plate of food.
John Nongrum, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, said that as soon as the HYC learned of the incident, it went to get information from the family members of the child. This is due to the negligence of MeECL against the child, who was injured until he lost his right hand after being electrocuted.
Police are searching for the child to rescue him.
While others on the list have been recognized as 'tribal', SCs have been included in the list of 'Non-Tribal'," the petition said.
The MPUF has decided to send a letter to the Minister of PWD, the PWD department and also to the MLA of the area Shitlang Pale to urge for the immediate construction and repair of the damaged parts especially near the road. Borkhat Bridge in Wah Myntdu for the safety of the people.
Shillong, July 30: The Khasi District Council (KHADC) has planted only 120 to 125 trees in Lailad, Ri-Bhoi District, said the Chief Executive Member of Khasi District Council (KHADC), in reply to a question. MDC Jan Singh M Tynsong said that the party was opposed.
We came to our home state at the expense of the state government and even when we arrived in Guwahati the government provided a vehicle to reach Shillong,” said M Shylla, a student in Manipur.
The Central Laboratory (CL), Southern Regional Laboratory (SROL) and Eastern Regional Laboratory (EROL) of BIS have been recognized as training centers for the study and so far 137 candidates have completed the examination. you are reading.
In the first pre quarter, Nongkhroh beat Ummulong 1-0 goals, Snowel Kharsati scored the first goal for Nongkhroh in the 71st minute.
Mitra, who wanted to drink the tea, which he had prepared in Bhowanipore, Kolkata, said that the price of the tea was T.15 lakh and he wanted to buy it. those who are close to Modi, to buy and drink for shi pela.
Magistrates and police arrived at the scene around 9 pm after receiving information about the opening of shops and crowds.
The training was given by Marlangki Challam, Agriculture Development Officer Sohmynting Circle, who explained how to make fertilizer using plants, plants, eggs, manure, water, jar, plastic and string.
The family members of Sister Julia N Majaw including Mrs Josephine Majaw, Robert Kharshiing, A. Kharshiing, JF Kharshiing, F Kharshiing and M. Kharshiing were unable to attend the funeral service. you are infected with Corona Virus.
He said that the syrti farming is one of the types of farming which the villagers are still doing today.
In 1720, the plague broke out in Merssilles, France, from 25 May 1720 to the end of
The dorbar hall has been renovated under the MDC scheme at a cost of Rs 15 lakh.
The 21-year-old won the first medal in the weight category of 248kg (113kg in the snatch and 135kg in the clean & jerk). The 2022 Commonwealth Games will be held in
If they want the BJP to leave the MDA government, it is not the BJP Meghalaya but the BJP in Delhi.
Not only that, the construction of the ICP has been suspended due to the fact that there is a case in the Meghalaya High Court against TK Engineering which took the contract to build the ICP against the Government of India and others. to complete the work and others.
The Dorbar Shnong wishes both these leaders to continue to provide assistance to the people of the area and to other villages in this time of crisis. M.Syrto, Head of Umlyngsha Village, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
The incident of the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church in which more than Rs 4 crore was lost shows the decline in our value in all aspects.
“I urge Bah Nongrum and his supporters to stop the strike because the government has taken action to implement the VAB,” said Bah Lapang.
The Government has worked hard to ensure that the college will be operational as soon as possible and hopes that Meghalaya will surpass Assam.
When building skum piles, it should be remembered that each pile should be 20 m away from each other and from the house and the length of the skum should not exceed 8 m, and the weight should be tons of it thup.
It was also observed that many do not use the T 2000 book in payment.
“Below are some easy recipes using castor oil to remove wrinkles and remove wrinkles from the skin.
Speed ​​and agility come to the forefront these days when we look at many two and four wheeler drivers.
The dewbilat road has been constructed with plastic to be strong enough to drive vehicles so that the people can use it to transport goods when going to farm in the hills.
The Waheh Shnong said that the BDO, Amlarem will come to investigate the allegation.
He said that at about 1:30 pm, despite many efforts to maintain peace and order, the situation led to chaos.
Shillong: The Ministers who will be sworn in today, 7th October 2023 include U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister.
He said that he is confident that he will win this election, and he said that he will not turn back until he gets his rights.
It is for this reason that there is a need for public explanation of this Act,” said Bah H Nongpluh.
Don't please the person inside, The body will come later, Because if the soul is clean, You can't escape death.
From those very moments I didn't realize that these things would happen.
According to sources from the Manipur Health Department, police and district administration said that these unidentified bodies are in the morgue at the Regional Institute of Medical. sciences ( RIMS) located in Imphal West District, Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science (JNIMS) located in Imphal East District and Churachanpur District Hospital.
I have already delivered the rice but I know that the poorest families need other necessities as well,” he said.
So far, vehicles have been prepared for these guests and their guards for the smooth movement of them.
He said that as an MLA, he is pleased to see that children even in the midst of poverty have a special talent which God the Creator has given them, and urged that as a society they should not be neglected. but they also have the right to live like others.
Before the state assembly elections in Arunachal Pradesh on 11th June 2019, the BJP had already won two constituencies.
Mawkriah West beat Nongmensong 1-2
Those who want to work, who know how to type and are interested in this job, please call
The main topic of discussion at the meeting will be on the two letters received from the central government after the party submitted its petitions and the protest held at Jantar Mantar New Delhi. This is according to a statement sent by Venus Rangsliang, Spokesperson of HANM, Shillong.
Jeremiah 30:3 This is because God has made a promise to these people because God has made a promise to Israel.
However, according to their information, it is not for that reason because the Indian government has bought a lot of crude oil from Russia in rubles, which is the price of the Russian currency and not in dollars. the accusation is only to mislead the public.
If it happens to a child, the money will not go astray but if it happens to others, it will completely change and destroy the life of the student and can lead to the point of getting involved in other drinks. bad things that are common in these days, such as drugs, cigarettes, or even alcohol.
Nandi, who lived and grew up in Laban, said that she is ready to help the beautiful girls of the state in any field related to this. claim.
When he had finished eating and sitting for a while, he began to read.
How shameful for the state! The government which spends money on the purchase of vehicles worth tens of lakhs and even billions of rupees to accommodate government ministers and officers should be ashamed that those those who taught them and their children had to live without pay for tens of months.
He said that the people in the area are concerned about the condition of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Company (MCCL).
Shillong: The Assam Police will soon file a charge-sheet against 39 people who attended a wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort, Assam for violating the rules and regulations laid down by the government. state to prevent the spread of COVID-1
“We have cooperated by taking classes again and evaluating but the government has not shown any cooperation,” said Babu Mayborn.
At the same time, Bah Tongkhar informed the Central Government regarding the urgent need to protect the water wells which have started to ring tyrkhong.
“Anything will be resolved by mutual agreement between the two sides.
“This Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat in JHADC has violated the rules of the Niti Aayog and other rules to implement the money and it is illegal because this money has not been used for the payment of salaries. ," said Ma Lakhon.
He said that markets and vehicles will not travel to East Jaintia, as there will be a public meeting and flag raising throughout East Jaintia.
The meeting was also held to explain to the supporters of the NPP Mawkyrwat Block that from today there are no more two leaders in the NPP as it appears that there is an NPP of Bah HS Diengdoh or NPP. of Bah Carness Sohshang but now there is only one name.
Damutlang's parents, wife, brothers and sisters, relatives and friends as well as groups of women and elders were present to witness the ceremony.
Now, many of the villagers who have passed Bsc/MSc are unemployed.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Latham said that his RTI request for the roads constructed in Laitmawsiang village which falls under the Hima Sohra is to know how much spent on the purchase of tires and the construction of dewbilat roads.
The threat is facing our rich country which is rich in natural resources.
Mairang, March 14: To mark the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence known as Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the District Sports Officer, West Khasi Hills, will hold a The Fit India Freedom Run will be held on the 27th of this month.
The media today exposed the corruption of Rs 450.75 crore in connection with the Saubhagya & Smart Metter Scheme and the NPP-led government in the Cash Memos has shown that Even the cement sold at Rs.360/- tyngka but was bought at the price of Rs.857/- tyngka. We congratulate TUR through Kong Angela Rangad for exposing this corruption. Therefore, through this news as one of the people, I demand the immediate resignation of Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister of Meghalaya as well as James Sangma as Minister of Electricity and at the same time. It is time to appoint a CBI team immediately and if other leaders are in power the investigation will not be free and we will request the synro parties to shlon/ther strongly against this corruption and if they listen The case has been filed in the Supreme Court.
In the current session, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, said that the government has sent five letters to recognize the Khasi language in the Constitution of India, but the Unfortunately, the Central Government has not responded to this and is listening.
He said that this struggle is not for his own benefit but for the benefit of the future teachers so that they can take part in politics.
It is on these grounds that the VPP has to explain that it cannot accept this soskular.
Khliehriat, June 25: The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today confirmed the office bearers and members of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) East Jaintia Hills District. , at a meeting held at the West Community Hall.
Shillong, Lber 16: Thousands of tourists have been blocked by the troops of the Gorkha Training Centre, Happy Valley, for four hours, starting at 10.30 pm today. , until 2.30 pm.
The 100-foot-tall monument is located in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro and is visited by up to 2 million people each year.
Eiladki Ksoo and Imaïa Shylla scored hat-tricks, while Daïamon Makroh scored two goals to keep the team top of the pool. 9 points from three games.
Shillong: The Chief Superintendent of Police (DGP) Idashisha Nongrang has warned the police against collecting illegal money on the streets. with drastic steps.
How many marks do you give Ma Pala? So, how can we work with the Congress?
Reading the documents, the High Court said that there was not a single suspect in the incident, who was released or granted protection, and to prove the charge under Section 306 of IPC is difficult.
He congratulated Shillong College for completing 50 years in science education.
We have discussed various issues related to electricity distribution,” he said.
“I see that they are honest in their work and that they love their students,” Sister said.
John 5:43.
The District AH & Veterinary Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the Hills Farmers' Union Thadlaskeiñ on Tuesday honored Forme Kharsahnoh who has made the box for the cows. tip like an incubator.
Shillong: The JSU Khliehriat Circle through its President Livingson Sama and General Secretary Emmanuel Bhoi together with members of the JSU Khliehriat Circle have visited Topcem Company to discuss the increase in the price of dewbilat in the country. The state has been transferred to the state of Assam.
He added that in fact the government has recognized synsar, sying and others as important agricultural products and has directed that vehicles carrying agricultural products should not pay tax at any gate. .
The clash also broke out after the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong decided to ban the Karbi community from entering through Khanduli.
“We have received the report and now after the discussion at the meetings the report is almost complete and we hope that at the next meeting we will be able to decide and submit the report to the The State Government has not taken the necessary decision on the land in Mawlong (Sweeper Colony).
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Bah Gavin said that the Sohra area is known for its beautiful places protected by nature and many tourists flock to the market. from everywhere.
Speaking to reporters, MSA Secretary Bah Ian Lyngdoh said that the participation of the children is a great encouragement to the Union. These competitions are also to encourage the children to come forward and showcase their talents at the regional or even national level.
In order to prevent the spread of the disease to the passengers and the public, the district chief has issued an order ban ban the drivers of commercial taxis from continuing to drive. their own vehicles and that they should stay in their own homes.
Besides the lack of cash, the bank has also faced many other shortcomings such as the lack of equipment within the bank which has caused the residents of the area to Robert Sohbar, one of the elders of the area, said that the government has faced many problems.
The emergency hearing decided to execute him at 5 pm of the same day.
Linda, having never been to Deisy's house, had to ask Riia for her house.
St. Anthony's College and Kiang Nangbah Government College came second and third respectively.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The Meghalaya Police has issued a directive to the female students who are awaiting HSSLC results to take care of themselves to avoid being deceived by the scammers.
The residents living along the road can no longer prepare for Christmas because it is no longer possible to paint or decorate their homes due to the heavy rainfall,” said the statement. They were sent by the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, Bah Lasting Pala and the Secretary of the Village, Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh.
Jowai, November 14: The condition of the Jowai Bypass from Thadlaskeiñ to Soomer has caused problems to the traffic due to the deterioration and overcrowding of the road.
According to the JSU, if the government and the prime minister have the intention to improve the quality of education in the state instead of spending billions of rupees to purchase these schools, Computer teachers should be appointed in schools and colleges so that students can receive training on computers and be able to use such tablets.
The troops recently took part in a clash with armed groups after seizing ammunition and explosives and in this regard the troops have tightened security in Churachandpur district. in Manipur.
Lictisitha's husband is a teacher at St. Joseph School, Chidimit Nengsat PO&PS Songsak. Dagal police and during the arrest he was bomb tied and released the next day.
The absence of Motor Vehicle Inspectors (MVI) in the District has led to the delay in the work of this Government Office which is responsible for vehicle operations, issuance of vehicle documents, etc.
Mangaluru: Dharmendra, leader of the Akhila Bharatha Hindu Mahasabha, on Tuesday urged the BJP to issue a strong warning against the destruction of temples in the state. Gandhi, too, did not forgive at all.
“We will meet in a few months before the end of the month and we have decided to have a joint visit to these places to encourage the people and we will ensure that we direct the relevant district administrations. , residents and businessmen to avoid anything that could cause trouble," he said.
The funeral service will be held on 25.09.2020 at 12 noon at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
Jowai: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) together with the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare Development Organization (HWWDO) today held a meeting to maintain peace and order on the border between West Jaintia Hills and Karbi-Anglong. They have lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, for the purpose of holding talks with the District authorities of Karbi Anglong Assam as usual from time to time.
Shillong, Lber, 12: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umsning Circle on Tuesday afternoon arrested 90 foreigners who came to Meghalaya to work in Meghalaya. The Coke Factory in East Jaintia Hills District has not been properly registered.
“How can her husband go to campaign against me, it is impossible, the PDF also has a candidate in Ranikor constituency, Bah Air Marshall Diengngan but if they say that I will campaign against him. “I would rather leave the party than campaign against my husband,” said Grace.
The threat of climate change is unprecedented, said a scientist at the International Center for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD). the Himalayas and others where these mountains have appeared with rocks because the ice has turned into water due to the rising temperature.
Such illegal riding of Scooty or Bike should be stopped not only against these youths who come from other states, but also against the youths of the state, because if they are allowed to do whatever they want to do, it will happen. the time of tragic incidents and if tragic incidents occur again who will be blamed.
Shillong, Nawieng 15: Us people have turned to Iewduh to buy 'Mluh', they have turned to the grocery stores to buy 'Mluh' There are those who sell the price of milk to T.150 or T.200 per kilo.
The BSF has handed over the suspect to Ranikor Police Station for further investigation.
It is worth mentioning that although the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has already said that they have already imposed a full stop on the casino, various political parties have not accepted or believed it. However, they gathered on Friday at the site where it is planned to be erected.
The fall of trees in Tura, West Garo Hills has caused damage to the construction of MeECL Rongkhon.
Parinita Baruah has lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS that on the 27th of October, 2013, someone called her and the person who called her threatened her and spoke harshly. She also opened an e-mail ID in her name to promote herself. She suspected that the person who committed the crime was her husband Dicky Singh.
This is an undeniable fact.
In South Garo Hills, there is only one case and in South West Garo Hills, there is only one case.
The women's flight came after the Taliban beat women and shot dead those who came out to protest against their rule.
The deceased were identified as Sonamika Ryntong, 17, and Dearly Daffodil Rashir, 18, of Umdang, West Khasi Hills. The injured were shifted to Riangdo CHC but the Medical Officer ordered to shift the seriously injured to Civil Hospitals Nongstoin and Shillong.
The All India Services Pre Examination Training Centre, Shillong congratulates Ankur Das who has passed the examination at the 52nd position and wishes him the best of luck in the future. .
He said that the session ends at 12 noon on Thursday, but it is up to the Lamphang whether to extend the session because he does not have time to explain. many members were also ready to participate.
The injured were identified as Naphiwanbiang Lyngdoh, 1, Shanborlang Lyngdoh, 4, Rosemery Lyngdoh, 3, Ailanda Lyngdoh, 38, Plin Lyngdoh, 42, Treibormi Lyngdoh, 30, and Primus Lyngdoh, is the driver.
Shillong, Lber 27: The National People's Party (NPP) Secretary IB Pandey has lodged a complaint with the Election Commission of India against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. Earlier, in a meeting with reporters on the 20th of this month, Purno, Dr. Mukul Sangma, used the words you speak in the Garo language.
Lasky Rymbai Deputy CEM in his speech urged the MDCs to bring forward good ideas for the development of the District Council. Afterwards, the foundation stone of the office was laid by Thombor Shiwat. The meeting was conducted by Dikil Pohchen ACE. Shillong, November 05: U Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday vowed to file a defamation case against the alleged defamation case. T.1300 crore in the implementation of the Eco-Tourism Project in East Garo Hills (EGH).
The NTC would like to thank Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs at the time for taking the initiative to implement the request of the NTC, and the DC Ri Bhoi. , officers and others as well.
However, through the MSL, the clubs receive financial assistance from the government through the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
Jowai: The Iing Dorbar of JHADC today in the Lyiur Dorbar has introduced four bills and all these bills have been passed into law in the JHADC. MDCs, EMs including the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, CEM and Dy.CEM as well as Bills to amend the provisions of the JHADC Constitution.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has established its new branch in Jaintia Hills known as the FKJGP-EJHDU.
The Seng has demanded that the BIET Center should be converted into a DIET Center so that it will be of benefit to the students who wish to complete their studies in the D.El.
The Minister said that preparations are also underway to introduce traditional games such as mawpoint and others.
Earlier, a welcome song was performed by the teachers of the War West Unit.
Also present on the occasion were Sherry Lalthangzo, Economic Adviser of the NEC, Air Marshal SP Dharkar, Commander-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command, Patricia Mukhim. on development works and environmental protection, along with State Government officials, the Additional Director General of PIB, Jane Namchu and others.
Don't destroy the environment, because when the weather changes, the most suffering is us human beings.
He added that the project will start from the largest city Kabul.
Police today arrested a man named Crenius Kharkongor, 18 years old.
He said the purpose of bringing in these cows is to strengthen the cow breeding industry and not to depend on other states to supply cows to the state.
At the same time, he invited other ethnic parties to join hands to support the RDA candidate. “As the RDA, we also want other parties which do not claim to be ethnic parties, we welcome them to come. “It is difficult to accept those who are not ethnic parties because the issues we will take on are for the people, our nation,” said Bah Metbah.
Prof Lakhon announced that for the time being, the JAC will suspend the strike and from tomorrow, the classes of the students will resume as usual.
The Ministry of Education, Union Government has announced that Meghalaya and Nagaland have been exempted from the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) 2024-2
Therefore, the Lympung urges the Government to strengthen its income generation sources through the right sources of income and not by other sources of income. to the society of the society.
Nagaland came third in the men's category and Assam came third in the women's category.
Others who were present near Bevan, who came for treatment at the time, said that he was treated only by throwing shun and breathing. at the time of the pyrsad, it is slow, slow and slow.
Shillong, March 14: The management of MeECL has invited the leaders of the MeECL Progressive Workers' Union (MePWU) to a table on Tuesday next month. .
Because of the gratitude of the company and the government to the union and the land owners and the inability to tolerate, the union will not refuse to close down and immediately stop the signboard and the road construction.
With the help of the Jal Jeevan Mission, many families have received water supply in Kamsing, West Jaintia Hills on the border with Bangladesh.
The inability of the Government Ministers to answer questions and have to be answered by the Prime Minister is something that is shocking and especially when it is seen that even the Ministers of the Government to speak for themselves cannot answer the questions. Moreover, she was slowly slowly slowly, because besides not knowing anything, she was ashamed.
Here in Ri Hynniewtrep you have many kinds of birds.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The meeting of the MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) with the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to discuss the Delimitation Bill
I want to resolve this, because it went to Bangladesh, because the previous Sordar allowed,” said Bah Tangsang.
Agnes alleged that all this is a violation of the Supreme Court's decision.
Meanwhile, the most recent deposit in the past few months is in the account of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum which has deposited up to T.50 lakh.
He said that the construction of the Administrative Block and Academic Block as well as the construction of the Hostels for Men and Women has been completed.
Therefore, a strict rule has been issued to prohibit those who have many colorful hairstyles and also to prohibit those who have tattoos or tattoos. “Otherwise, they will be sent to a labor camp, where they have to work hard,” said Kim Jong Un.
The truck, which collided with another truck, was coming from Guwahati with the intention of going to Silchar. Umnget, the truck crossed the divider of the NH-6, and collided with an empty truck (AS-01-FC-8950), driven by a driver. Saila Muktieh (37).
One reached the Garo border and the other the Assam border.
When you say “AI", you mean that you should take it and use it.
The 22nd Law Commission will look into various issues before implementing the UCC in the country, Kiren Rijiju, Law Minister, told Parliament. other.
He said that they should listen to what these scientists explain on the mining plan and coal mining methods according to science, and if their explanation is not in accordance with the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Regulation The Forum will not accept it.
When inquiring about the contents of the letter, Rupang received 10 copies of the letter which was distributed to the two churches.
Lahkmen said this at a public meeting held at Mustem village on Friday night.
But, for others, it could be an incredibly slow year.
The references in this Notification from Block-11 to Block-1 from Jingkahulu at the source of the Myn-i, Umsati and Umkhyrmi Rivers to the Myntang and Kupli Rivers clearly show that these villages have already fallen under Meghalaya. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya State League 2023 tournament was played in Group A at MFA Turf, Shillong today between Jyntru and Seng Samla Laitryngew. to get their first victory after suffering losses in previous matches.
Yadav also alleged that the state government has not allowed the doctors of RIMS to conduct an X-ray on Lalu Yadav.
The Congress has already announced that Kong Rona will be the candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
Shillong: Meghalaya lost to Vidarbha by five wickets in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy Domestic T20 Tournament played at Mulapadu, Andhra Pradesh on Saturday. Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first. Meghalaya managed to score 96 runs in 19.1 overs when they left the Plate Group.
For example, the Hima 12 Lyngdoh has its own traditional song and dance, the Hima Mylliem, Khyrim, Maharam and others have their own traditional song and dance. They have their own traditional song and dance and before they go to any activities or fights they perform a traditional song or dance which is exactly like how we sing the National Anthem today.
Similarly, the talks to build flyovers and skywalks are long overdue.
The BJP also intends to abolish the powers of the District Council and it is on these issues that I came to Meghalaya through the Brarat Jodo Yatra. the people of India, so that all the people of India may live in peace and mutual respect among their fellow citizens of India.
The announcement for the mid-term elections will be made on 1st March 2021 and the filing of nomination papers will be held until 8th March
Traditional legends tell us that since ancient times, Nartiang has already become a large village and a trading center where traders from the hills and Dkhars used to meet.
Both the drivers were injured and were taken to CHC Bhoirymbong and then to Civil Hospital, Shillong but on the 14th Jini Lyngdoh died of his injuries. Police are investigating. and this thing happened.
It should be done strictly and set an example for others.
Khliehriat, October 24: The Integrated Village Co-operative Society (IVC) together with the Dorbar Shnong Lumshyrmit has announced that the tourist attractions in the village will be opened to the public from 25th October The tourist attractions in the village have been closed for a while since July as the workers are working to improve the tourist attractions in the village for the convenience of the people.
Nongstoiñ, March 20: The villages of Kyndongei, Mawkapiah and Nongrim Hills, have demanded from the government through the PWD department to repair or improve the road, as it has caused too much inconvenience to the people in coming and going. especially this winter season.
“I have come here to tell you that the TMC is the only party that can provide a government that serves the rights and helps realize the dreams of the youth, students and women. .
According to a statement sent to media, BSF and Police seized 3,100 thousand bottles of Phensedyl which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through the border of West Garo Hills.
Many people don't understand what this is.
He alleged that the Government has not held regular meetings to discuss this issue due to the curfew and many demands to improve development works have not been done by the Government and the implementation of social peace. (signed by the State and Central Governments and ANVC) has not lived up to expectations.
Speaking to media, COMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that we will protest against the Union Ministers if they come to our state. expressed its opposition to the delay of the Central Government in not being able to approve the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Shillong, July 27 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Monday visited Mylliem to meet with the office bearers of the National People's Party (NPP). Block for the preparation of the MLA elections from this constituency.
Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, the brother of Umroi MLA, has died in a sudden accident of his Mahindra Bolero on NH 6 in Umsalem, Ri Bhoi District.
“Why can’t farmers improve their agriculture? The reason is because they take sting and don't take such a job that benefits them. At the same time, agriculture is no different from business. However, many of the farmers in the state do not take action and this makes them unable to develop their agriculture,” he said.
Lawrence demanded that if Salman did not listen to his order, he would kill himself like Sidhu Moosewala.
In the village, the same thing happened.
Everyone who has watched this team under the leadership of Pep knows how good it is for me because it is the best team in the world.
The preparation of the Israelites for the Mount of Olives.
Yesterday, Gokhale exposed the misuse of the Meghalaya government, especially by Ram Kumar, IAS, Chief Executive Officer of the Meghalaya Government, in connection with the spending of Meghalayan Age Ltd. Ram Kumar is the Chairman of the Company.
Explaining the need to hold the CPA meeting, Conrad said the 20th CPA meeting is to discuss issues that are of utmost importance to the North East.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner & Chairman, Shillong, has found in the RTI that the contractors who are supposed to construct these roads should complete them according to the deadline set by the PWD department. Wahiajer and Shangpung Mission have been announced as the winners of the Clean Village Award 2011-2
For this reason, the Mawsynram MLA has criticized the government and demanded that the Minister of Transport should respond.
These seven persons escaped from Phatok by sneaking out during the day.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has vowed to stage a street protest if the State Government delays the release of the T .44.36 crore from the Government Budget to pay the salaries for the months of June and October,
Nongspung said that within 10 days they will stop the protest by waiting for this arrangement, but if this does not succeed they can take up the protest by other means.
Swarjeet Das took one wicket for 25 runs through Kishan Lyngdoh.
The Assam government, although it is from the North East, does not act like a country to cooperate with India in all aspects, but has refused to fight with Nagaland and Mizoram because these two states do not. aili faithful.
Wailadmiki Shylla said that in the past years he has seen that the Jowai Municipal Board has become like a house that is no longer functioning, due to many problems including the lack of Chairman, lack of salary of employees. , the collapse of garbage trucks and other problems but it was after his assumption in 2018 that he monitored the problems and sought ways and means how to save or implement the JMB. This time with the new construction of the office building will improve the working methods and improve the service delivery to the people.
“I will not contest the MDC elections but I will work for the party so that there will be more MDC elections. MDCs will win from this party,” said Shangpliang.
Indeed, God created man in the form of a FLESH, and in that body there is a spirit, and this spirit does not appear, because it is inside the body of man.
Without much ado, the work goes on every day, except on holidays and Wednesdays.
The Goa team has three points.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Foreign Affairs, today met with KJ Alphonse, Minister of Foreign Affairs, to discuss the issue of promote the world economy in the State.
He said that after the completion of the training, the youths will be given syrnod, protective equipment like life jackets, first aid kits, and others.
The Sein Raij invites all especially the Secretaries, Chairman of the Seiñ Raij Shnongs under the Raij Tuber and apologizes that the Seiñ Raij cannot send invitation letters to all.
The CoMSO said the bill has been approved by the Cabinet after the Meghalaya government has taken the views of all parties such as the Law Department, Sengbhalang, political parties and Rangbah Shnongs of the state. all these things.
Who can give away the precious things without meeting or knowing them? It is a fact that in this age of technology, fraud is also rampant because the technology through mobile phones and the Internet has made it easier for thieves to commit dozens of crimes.
There are many different types of corruption that we don't think of, and a few of them are,
It may be recalled that Ma Moonlight Pariat, was sworn in as the new CEM of JHADC, at the dorbar on 29th October 2018, with the support of the Congress and UDP. in the place of Bah Andrew Shullai, who has been removed from the post of CEM in the Council.
At that time – the Lord Jesus will be King over all the earth.
Police have seized 385 golden tobacco tins, 2 mobile phones, documents and 7 large bags of heroin.
However, now the LYWA will not allow it at all, said Bah Lyngdoh.
After that he took out the snier as his father had done and found that the rwieng syiar was still there.
Speaking on the government schools in Saipung, the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) leader from Saipung said that there are many government schools which have been neglected by the government for many years. who do not even have a proper school building to run a school “The lack of proper government schools in the area has affected the education of the children.
The 26-year-old star initially struggled in the tournament and came second by the end of the third attempt.
Government departments should also follow strictly according to this roster system,” he said.
Earlier, the VPP MLA admitted that the Meghalaya government's reluctance to talk to Assam is the reason why the border residents have faced many insults.
The residents of Huroi, Hingaria, Lahalein and Lejri areas on the India-Bangladesh border have been forced to live in confusion during the rainy season.
The construction of the bridge, which has been suspended for more than 10 years, has resumed in the past few months and the residents of the area have been delighted to see that the progress of the work is going fast. On the 1st of June, the Assam police, who came in many vehicles, stopped the work saying that the area is in the middle of the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
The village leaders who attended the meeting expressed their anger against the NHAI officials for their lack of gratitude because the contractors who have constructed the NH-6 road have not been able to complete even 10% of the road. with black topping.
Some say that women who face such problems may leave their husbands.
However, I speak clearly that I speak as a Khasi for the sake of our Khasi (Hynñiewtrep) people and to oppose the insults and insults of non-Khasi (Shongthap) (non-Khasi) against our people. .
Shillong, Lber 10: Police today arrested Winslow Phawa, 27, Asst.Engineer, Directorate of Fisheries, for allegedly demanding money from his younger colleague. Junior Engineer.
The BJP workers will remain the BJP workers”.
He said that his meeting with Bharati today in Parliament was to remind him of the letter he had submitted last month. the project which the Meghalaya government has abandoned.
I also have a feeling that if it is from Andhra Pradesh or Tamil Nadu, the question will arise whether you come from which place or which religion and I don't agree with that,” said Nirmala. in speech at the TIMES NOW Summit
The DC, after laying the groundwork for the discussion, listened to the concerns of the Seng and said that as of today, the number of cases of Covid 19 has decreased in the area. He said that he may issue an order on the 3rd of November to open the border trade through the SOP, if the number of cases of covid does not increase in the coming days.
He said that what happened to these youths is unacceptable and Paiem Balajied has promised to take action on this incident.
Sec.School, Christian Academy School, Mayqueen School, St. Denis School, Stephan Memorial School, Umrynjah School and finally Nongkwar Sec School which has already qualified for the quarter finals.
In the final of the women's category, GRC Nongpyndeng beat SS&CC 5-0 at the NDSA Nongpyndeng Stadium.
It is on this basis that KHNAM has demanded that the roster should start from 1 for all posts,” said Bah Thomas.
However, Bah Ronnie said that the vendors should understand that they should not take advantage of the fact that just because they are poor, they should sit and sell as they please, but they should respect the efforts of the market vendors. government to resolve the issue as it disrupts the movement of the people and causes pollution.
After a medical checkup, doctors confirmed that the child was raped and the name of the perpetrator came out.
Earlier, KNIKMS held a short program in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest and other KNIKMS leaders and laid flowers at the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
If the road passes through the survey area, it will benefit many villages, including Chibra, Jorsyiem, Nagrabil, Jyrmang, Pillingku A and B. Tamalbari A and B, Pahamjila, Umlathu, Pynker C, Pynker A and Umsen, but if it goes from what they have implemented now, it will benefit only two villages, including Bainanodi and Pynker B, which the opponents said that these villages are very low in population compared to these other villages.
On the health sector, he said he plans to set up another PHC in Mawtawar and a Sub Center in Nongkohlew.
During the toilet session, he has time to stand for only five minutes every ten hours and has the opportunity to go to the toilet.
“This is a dangerous thing.
A total of 49 people have recovered from the disease and two have died.
More than 10,000 farmers from across India will arrive in Delhi today and tomorrow to demand a 21-day session of Parliament to discuss the plight of farmers in India. and the farmers, they also want there to be a loan waiver for the farmers.
Nongpoh, Lber 28: In the MLA elections for the election of the Leader of the Legislative Assembly, it was seen that there was a stirring from one political party to another, a stirring of alliances and a handshake. between the leaders of different political parties and between fellow candidates.
In France alone, the death toll has reached 10 million.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: A vehicle registration AS01 DK-5958 from Assam has been set on fire at Jhalupara by robbers in Mukroh this morning. evening.
There will also be a station building, concourse, maintenance room, ticket room cum office, store room, security room, waiting area, public convenience and parking space.
Pynshngain N Syiem, Chairman of the PDF, said that as of now, the ARPA will not be able to pass the budget and other Bills in the next dorbar. don't be afraid.
When asked whether the Fisheries Department has been inspecting the fish imported from outside the State, according to the Food Safety report, even after inspecting the fish imported from outside the State, it was found to be contaminated with formalin. Hek said that the Food Safety Department has conducted an investigation into the use of formalin in the fish imported into the state. , will not be appointed but the State Government will try to investigate through its own Fact Finding Committee.
He said that the North East Regatta will feature many competitions such as Kieng Ling and other competitions known in foreign languages, Sailing, Parasailing, Paragliding, River and Lake Cruise as part of the tourists from all over India.
There are 918 recoveries from the disease.
The Samaritans said to him, “For we have seen for ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Savior of the world. SAVIOR OF THE WORLD.John 4:42.
“Seng Leader Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun in an interview with the media said, “According to the right to speak, you have the right to speak, to express but you cannot speak too much. discredit and that you’ll just create ways to discredit and discourage something that people are working hard for the public good.
The Please Arrange was spoken by Bah Shylla in the Budget Session of the KHADC last month on the letter sent by the CEM to Bah Welljune. In the letter, the CEM wrote to the Secretary, 'Please arrange T.35,0000 as advance' KHADC for the expenses of the Monolith Festival in Mawphlang.
On the other hand, the Congress candidate, Bah Vincent Pala, who is the Sitting MP, will file his nomination papers on the first day, the 25th of this month.
He said that people now take loans from banks to build houses and the ease of getting loans from banks has brought losses to the department and the government which spends money on this. department.
HANM will meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Home Affairs to discuss this issue and at the same time HANM will prepare to lodge a complaint against him. Former Governor Tathagata Roy, on behalf of HANM, also questioned why these Bengalis who have been sent abroad want to mushlia.
Hep replied, “Yes, tomorrow, Father, we should go and see.
Manipur topped the table with the most medals, followed by Nagaland in second place, Assam in third place, Mizoram in fourth place and Arunachal Pradesh in fourth place. fifth place.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mukhla Raij Sports Club beat Evergreen Mukhla Sports Club 1-0 with Sanga Sumer scoring in the 60+1 minute.
He said that colleges should not force students to use Aadhaar Card but everything depends on their free will.
“We are surprised that the government has increased the fare,” said a bus driver from Motphran to Madanrting. .
“Out of these 12, nine have died by suicide,” she said in reply to a question by the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
Miramon Pathaw, 65, of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, EK Hills.
To write Bah and Kong is more difficult because it refers only to those who have grown up.
In East Jaintia Hills district, 3290 people, 2 employed and 3764 unemployed, in Ri Bhoi district, 110 and 2233 unemployed.
The union has decided to meet the VC on Tuesday, 11th of this month, to convey and resolve its concerns as it has expressed since 21st May,
All vehicles are also prohibited from making noise and speeding while driving on the village roads and visitors are urged to take their number plates and inform the Dorbar Shnong.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit has T.10,000 in his hand, while his wife has T.15,000 and two bank accounts. .5,012 in Indian Overseas Bank and T.12,000 in Bank of Baroda while his wife has T.25,000 in SBI. there is gold jewelry worth T.60 thousand rupees.
Shillong: The MiPF under the leadership of Bah Kitboklang Lyngdoh, today met with Bah Titosstarwell Chyne EM in charge of Land in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to demand that the KHADC should implement the land law.
The human body is also designed to get enough sleep at night so that it can concentrate on its activities and activate its brain in the morning.
Many of us don't think and ask where those plastic bags that we break when we buy jhur, buy all kinds of food items end up.
The MPUF has urged the office to replace it as soon as possible so that the people who burn electricity can benefit.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 79983 out of which 76730 have recovered and 1385 have died.
He congratulated the central government for accepting the HNLC's proposal. In his speech, he also expressed the government's commitment to resolve the border issue with Assam. Seven disputed areas have already been discussed and arranged, the remaining seven areas have been arranged and the arrangements have been made to start the second Wat.
They destroyed the trees of the Nongthep and the crops.
Shillong, March 4: The All India Radio will hold a Western Music Competition, 2016 for those who have the talent to sing Western Music. and Modern Song in North East, the prize money for the winners will be Rs 1 lakh and the runner up will be T.50,000/-.
“We see that many of the regional parties that have been included will win this time,” said Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The remaining MBOSE examinations will be held on 8, 9 and 10 July 2020, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, today announced.
Vincent H Pala, who is the Congress candidate, has received the support of the NCP, while Paul Lyngdoh has received the support of the NPP and PBM Basaiamoit, who is running as an independent candidate, has received the support of the NCP. HSPDP and KHNAM According to reports, Bah Pala may win again but the victory will be by a small number of votes unlike in the 2009 MP election where he won by more than 100,000 votes.
God will renew the covenant between Israel and the house of Judah.
Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you, The beloved country that is old and lost;
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu, who is also the District Election Officer (DEO), said that on receiving information about the incident, they have dismissed the entire team that conducted the election. All voters have been directed to check their voter documents before casting their votes.
He said that several members of the Assembly had come from Jaintia Hills to meet the Prime Minister, but it was in vain after their meeting was cancelled.
“And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field...An angel appeared unto them, and saith unto them, Behold, I have good tidings for you...In this For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord” (Luke 2:8-10).
Applications can be obtained from the DSO office, Dkiah Indoor Hall during office hours.
Another reason is that they come to marry in distant villages.
The capital is now Jerusalem, 55 km east of Tel Aviv.
When reaching the Bye Pass, the motorcycle collided with the wall of the bridge and in the incident, the driver and one of the passengers died, while another was injured and rushed to Civil Hospital. Hospital, Shillong.
At a public meeting at Madan Student, the HSPDP announced a 10-month office blockade from the 13th of July, but only two days later the strike was cancelled. you don't work and you don't work.
“From the obvious signs, the UDP-HSPDP alliance which is the ethnic parties will lead the government in the state after the elections and this is the feeling and aspiration of the people of the state,” he said. said Dr. Jemino.
The meeting was conducted by KSU General Secretary Kwillness Suchiang and welcome speech was delivered by Tarlin Gadew.
It is also known as the Dome of the Rock.
When we think carefully about the value, power, power of the special Jainspong or Tupia, we can say that it does not only refer to the enhancement of the MAIN of the person as part of the dress code. , but it also refers to the position of man before God.
The MSKDF has been recognized by the KIO since 2021 and since that year, the group has been able to hold only two tournaments, namely in 2022 and 2023 where it has also received the support. of the North East Karate Sport Federation (NEKSF).
The club announced the signing of the football player on social media on Thursday.
Rajnath visited Sangma's residence after a meeting held at the Assam Rifles today.
Three of the victims, Phidolith Dkhar, Iaraplang Rymbai and Rashuba Siangshai, are currently admitted to NEIGHRIMS.
However, at this meeting, the two Chief Secretaries discussed only the issue of IAS, IPS and IFS officers. to advocate for them and especially to bring about unity and unity of the country of Hynniewtrep.
(6) To eradicate evil practices such as the sale and consumption of alcohol and drugs, prostitution, theft, robbery, robbery and bloodshed.
Like the MLA, when there is any resignation or death of an MLA, the Election Commission will have to hold the election within six months but in the MDC election there is no law.
The reason for this is that the two cows were kept together in the same household.
“We will wait for the police investigation report to find out the truth about the deaths of these workers,” she said.
They said the meal was served as usual mixed with vegetables and served twice a week.
I used to hear the strong speeches of Bah Bull Lyngdoh, President of the KSU in those years.
“In a day or two we will be able to repair these units and we will lift the power outage in the state”.
The union has warned those robbers to be vigilant as the union has its own investigation department to send for detailed information about these robbers and if found, it will take strong action.
The NEC Group of Companies has proposed to introduce modern equipment to the shooting team which uses old equipment but is famous in the state and abroad.
He also acknowledged that there may be something that politicians can do with the insurgents.
The WKH leader said that the main reason why the youth job seekers are facing problems is because of the concealment of the vacancies by the officers of various departments within their departments.
According to the DEO, the turnout in Nongstoin constituency was 73.26 per cent, Rambrai Jyrngam 74.42 per cent and Mawshynrut 88.2 per cent.
This is still going on today and is held on Market Day Rynghep.
In order to further enforce the rules and regulations in their respective areas, it is expected that the public, the households, the households and the simpah simsong will take part in any manner such as joining hands. In this regard, the Khasi language should be translated into the mother tongue by including the village languages ​​from different regions across the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills with the assumption that the central language should be translated into the Khasi language. The Sohra language will be the native language and the sources of the language may continue to contribute more from the village languages ​​from the south of Bri Hynniewtrep in finding that they are more interesting, more meaningful and more stable in the language. how to speak, write and read words to add more.
The instruments of accession to India are (1) the Standstill Agreement and (2) the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement.
The ceremony was attended by the President of the KSU, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni as the chief guest. Lui Star Lyngdoh, President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the Raid Mathan Forum & Cultural Association, Bah Pius Ronghang and including village leaders, elders and parents of the children. school with teachers and students.
The Reservation Policy is also not easy to amend and immediately adjust the share of the Garo people which they have received since
The inspection was attended by the Director of Sports, Isawanda Laloo (IAS), Chairman of the Organizing Committee (OC), John F. Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA and Co-Chairman. H. Nayak (IAS), SDO, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Finely L. Pariat, Organizing Secretary, other members from the Health Department, Police and others.
Police have suspected that the incident was a suicide and the body has been taken to the morgue at the Civil Hospital Mairang for post mortem. he was postmortem.
Love You Bareh, adding, “We have faced problems regarding the deterioration of the road, we have already closed the toll gate at Lumshnong but the Deputy Commissioner has called us from time to time. We have not been allowed to open the Toll Gate in Lumshnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The KSU South Central East, Pynursla has renewed its office bearers at its meeting held on the 7th of this month.
He said Saleng A Sangma is one of the candidates for the ticket.
Saralinda left Umran Diary a few months ago and said that she is pregnant and her baby is still 3 months old and she came to live with her mother who lives in Mawngap, near her mother's house, lives Kong Shibani who has just given birth these days.
The driver died on the spot while another passenger sustained serious injuries and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
After a while, the owner of the truck, Bah D.Mawlong, arrived.
This containment will be implemented immediately until further notice.
Commander Shangpliang, who will lead these scientists to lead the training, urged all the people of the area to come and listen to this training.
We went to the people and you stopped us from going there,” said Kejriwal.
The Syiem said that action will be taken on other issues, such as the prosecution of those involved in crimes at night inside or around the area or if found drinking alcohol or drugs inside the area. Section 110 of the Meghalaya Police Act and the NDPS Act will be punished according to the case.
After they left the house, Lydia also started working.
He said that the education department has informed that the reason for the delay in the release of the salary is because it is still pending with the Finance Department and not with the Education Department to release the salary of Rs 44 crore. amount.
In the second half, Pasyih Cultural beat Kseh Sylle Ialong 3-2 goals. Wansaki Rymbai scored in the 56th minute, Armi Siangshai in the 59th minute and Suchiang scored in the 65th minute.
After offering the money, one of them said that even if they don't eat the money, they will continue to move forward and if they don't move now, they will continue for five years. “If you don't have the power, you don't have the power to show many dramas,” he said.
“The BJP has given a clear message that even a road contractor can rise to the highest position,” he told reporters.
The song was composed and produced by Jamesbond Dkhar.
In these days, there is a severe shortage of oxygen, or clean air and ring and breathing, but today, a tragic incident has happened and that is that 22 patients, A man has died at a government hospital in Maharashtra after being hit by a snowstorm.
Ki Khanatang Ka Aiom Tlang was conducted by the Da-Kti group led by Kong Rida Gatphoh and her team who worked hard to entertain the audience.
The teachers, who will be selected from the North East, are as follows –.
On the 1st November 2023, the First Division match will be between Mookyndur and Demthring at 12.00 pm.
Wandame Dkhar from Jalyiah and Rosy Sana from Mukhalong were the winners of the Run For Unity, which was held as part of the celebration of National Unity Day on Monday.
Negi finished the match with 56 runs with 4 4s and 4 6s off just 30 balls.
About the same, it is written in 2 Kings 24:1-17 / 2 Kings 25:1-21, about the fall of Jerusalem and the exile to Babylon and elsewhere because many kings ruled over it. they became a nation without a king, without a ruler, and without a kingdom, and were slaves in foreign lands.
MDC Narpuh was the chief guest in the presence of Salong Lamare, Dolloi Elaka Nartiang as the chief guest and other elders, women of the Kur Lamare from different villages and units.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 24: Leaders of the two political parties, the Voice of the People Party led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, who is also the President of the Regional Democratic Party (DDP), on Tuesday. The Alliance led by HSPDP President KP Pangniang and RDA Secretary Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Robertjune Kharjahrin, MP candidate, have resigned. to New Mawlangsu to hold a public meeting to clarify their agenda for the MP elections to be held on the 19th of next month.
The prize money for the winner is 1.00.000/- while the runner's up is 60,000/- -, the winner 3rd place receives 20,000/-, the runner up 3rd place receives 10,0
Besides, SP Lyngdoh said that if the Meghalaya government cannot restore the internet, it should permanently abolish the use of internet in the state.
I will pass a strict law to restrict the media for the sake of law and order according to the duties of the State Government,” she said. freedom of expression which is the right granted by the Constitution.
Article 1 states that "India, or Bharat, shall be a Union of States"
The meeting was attended by Bah H. Witting Mawsor, Dr LL Mawsor, and conducted by Bah P. Mawsor, Rangbah Kur of the Mawsor clan.
Poonawalla said the price of T.200 per injection is for 100 million units, which will be sold to the Indian government and then sold to the public market at $13 or more. which is T.1,000 per injection, while the price of T.600 per injection, comes at $8 per injection which is the lowest price compared to other markets in the world.
All the government offices are located in Jowai and these offices have to cooperate so that the department which is planned to relocate, the contractors especially besides the long bills to be paid will have to spend days and time and The money to travel from Shangpung to Jowai and from Jowai to Shangpung.
The death toll has risen to 15,685 with 384 deaths in the past 24 hours.
He also won the Captain & Wicketkeeper of the Team award for the 2014 T20 World Cup awarded by the ICC. South Africa, by beating Pakistan in a thrilling match on 24 November 2007, became India's first captain to win the World Cup in all three cricket formats after Kapil Dev.
The author would like to remind that Bah Hipshon Roy Kharshiing, one of the leaders of the Seng Khasi, said that the Seng Khasi is its own, it has nothing to do with the Hindu religion of the Khar. Seng Khasi Niamtré has its own culture, customs and traditions.
This was announced by the Congress leaders including former Sohiong Block Congress Committee President Phrang Kharpan and Vice President D Nongbri at the opening ceremony of the road on Friday.
I am confident that Meghalaya will be able to provide water to the households who stay ahead of schedule,” he said.
He said that the release of them is also for the benefit of the village because from now on those arrested will be able to explain to the people in the village about the illegal killing of wild animals.
In another development, it was learned that the HSPDP candidate Diosstar Jyndiang will file his nomination papers today.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) on July 6 announced 52 candidates for the first phase of the 2023 elections.
At the same time, the JBB&FA urges the state government through the Minister of Sports and the Prime Minister to find ways and means to promote such sports events in the state. .
Furthermore, the clean and pure climate is similar to that in the west of England and for this reason Dr. Lamb suggests that for the Europeans in India, they can They can be treated at a lower cost if there are Sonatoria in the Khasi Hills than if they are sent to Cape Town or Europe.
 Jesus was with them all day long (Mt.28:20).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the residents of this area said that they have lodged a complaint with the authorities to improve the road but nothing has happened. and thou shalt be content with that which thou hast.
Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang was arrested by the Assam Police last year for allegedly raping a girl at the Marveleen Inn Guest House in Ri-Sam. Thigh.
Now Rida's soul was filled with joy when she saw Panah's thoughts on her.
To fight against corruption is not an easy task and to say that the arrest of corruption depends on evidence and documents is wrong because almost all corruption cases are committed. the wicked shall lay witnesses against themselves.
“We understand that expenditure is necessary, but we need to understand how those expenditures are not in the name of the nation, we will do whatever we want,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Another issue that has been stirred up is the National Register of Citizens (NRC) released by Assam in which 40.07 lakh people live in Assam (most of them are Khar Poi). They don't have their names in the Register of Citizens of India or the NRC. In Meghalaya too, maybe the NRC is needed to know who they are. They are Indians and who is not, because what right does a non-Indian have to enjoy the rights and privileges that are only for citizens?
Samla Rangbah Raymond also urged the first leaders of this new Circle to have a spirit of dedication for the sake of the Jaitbynriew and to have a spirit of humility.
“We request the authorities to release the salary for the month of April, May and also the salary for the month of November.
When the month was over, Bah Bok gave Peter Rs.10,000/ tyngka. “Peter, take this salary of yours,” said Bah Bok and immediately gave him the money. God bless you,” said Peter. “Greetings to you too,” said Bah Bok.
The next morning, the day the pastor came, the house was cleaned and the door in the living room was opened.
And when he was gone, he was filled with people, who came in, who went out, who sat down to eat.
Through the Roster System, there will be a 4% allocation and allocation for persons with disabilities.
Those who call for these protests will be responsible for any damage to government property or private property, in accordance with the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order Act. you're right.
“Don't delay or it will become like Wahumkhrah, Umshyrpi, because Umjasai is not far from Wah Umshyrpi,” said Bah Syiem in a letter to the Minister.
After a day of various programmes, the students of Don Bosco English School, Umden, where the students had the opportunity to celebrate and participate in various programs and competitions, the school authorities between The Children's Festival was closed at the Auditorium of the Parish Umden.
This tyngshop, who will be seen in several new films including RC 12, is now a film star who has attracted many filmmakers and directors and soon we will see him in a film. Hollywood.
The ruler, whether a foreigner or a domestic, will be angry when he sees that the subjects are still lacking in knowledge and intelligence, and who are still enslaved to spiritual bondage.
“We will oppose this action of the government if it does not increase the tender price for the projects prepared under the ADB projects,” said Bah Dympep.
Shillong, November 09: The Leader of the Opposition and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that it is not easy for the people to file a case against the government they have elected. “What the government is doing is against what the people expect from the government,” said Dr Mukul Sangma while speaking on the complaint filed by some of the chief executives. The High Court has also suspended the implementation of the MoU signed between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Anthony who said that it is not right for a road to come out of this forest and the area which was full of ahor ktieh in the past and now vehicles can pass through this forest. area.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah SC Laloo, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that we are pleased to be able to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Independence of the State through such events. games that remind us of the old days and it has been a good time to participate in this game since ancient times.
The tribals demanded that the Indian government should introduce a law to demand their rights as stipulated in the Forest Rights Act.
Speaking at the meeting, Sangma said that the residents of the State especially in the rural areas are doing various jobs for their livelihood and the Government in the past few years, has support these activities through various Mission programmes.
Shillong: A team of MeECL Engineers and officers from Mylliem C&RD Block on Saturday visited Mawpynthih village to hold a public meeting to explain to the people about the introduction of the electrical sign to supply electricity to the village.
Family members really showed happy faces and pleasure.
After she had eaten, she went to her mother's house and gave her a drink.
Shillong, November 1: The SPNP, which includes the villages of Nongshken, Mawdang and Korblang, once again this year invites all the people from these villages who live in these villages. Shillong, to attend the second ceremony of the 2014 examination, which will be held on Saturday, November 6, at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong at 1 pm.
The residents became angry and surrounded the police station and when the clashes intensified, the district authorities imposed a curfew.
Election candidates should tell us what they intend to do in the coming years.
The issue of building Ram Mandir, the erection of statues and the renaming of land is the central issue that is happening these days,” said Kakade.
The troops seized 29 cows worth about T.4 lakh.
The question is, we have always supported the leaders who claim to have responsibility and love for the country and the nation, but the fruits they produce are not really encouraging. many? I think it is difficult to know the characteristics of the people we elect, but one of the duties we need to do is to look for them before we elect them and it is not really difficult if we work and take a little responsibility on our part in this regard, rather than just choosing or following the wind.
The Minister said that in the second month of April, there will be another meeting on the border settlement talks and there will also be a joint inspection by both the Ministers in the Khanduli area.
And if you find and receive information that you have eaten or cut them, you will be punished and reported to the law.
On this occasion, the union after meeting with the DC, explained to the media that the DC did not know anything about this and the DC promised to take action on this issue. section.
When he finished his studies he returned to his country and became one of the great men of the nation.
Until now, these workers have been paid three months out of three months after the strike and the government's promise to release T.90 lakh will be for another six months.
They also recovered an AK-47 rifle, a GNLA demand letter and T.1,50,000 in cash.
Shillong: The court of Amlarem Sub Division today sentenced Ranjeet Namosudro to two years and three months imprisonment with a fine. T.3,000 and if he does not pay it, he will have to stay in jail for another 10 days.
Shillong: U Sanjay Sharma, Lumdiengjri, passed away on 15th June 2024 at 9 pm.
“After 29-30 years, Bah HDR Lyngdoh decided to join the UDP but sadly he passed away suddenly.
Pala said that as Khasi Jaintia, who have their own culture and customs, we have to think about the implementation of the UCC in the state.
After the meeting with the MDC, the district authorities and the police were able to resolve the matter and the policeman who was involved in the shooting was called and the policeman apologized. from these youths along with the payment of all the bailut ksan of these youths.
Meanwhile, police said that suspected GNLA members opened fire at Mangsang market in East Garo Hills and after this, police conducted a search operation and arrested one suspect. Mickin Arengh, 38, was arrested.
Shillong: U DP Titos W Chyne, MDC, who is also the CEM of Khasi Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) will nominate candidates in all the constituencies in Khasi Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills will not be able to elect more constituencies.
According to the scheme, the construction of Amlarem Pdengshakap Muktapur road includes the widening of the road, cleaning to improve traffic flow and the construction of large and small bridges.
From the room, she said that he took the child upstairs to the highest floor where he climbed first and cut off the hands and feet and threw them into a bucket full of water.
East Khasi Hills, which has adequate sports facilities, came sixth with five gold, four silver and six bronze medals.
The Dolloi of Satpator District, Daman Lakashiang on Saturday met with the BSF chiefs at Muktapur in the presence of M Singh, Deputy Commander BSF, Shillong. Muktapur.
The North East Small Finance Bank (NSF) has donated a rifle to SAM, which was handed over on the opening day of the Meghalaya Games on Tuesday.
It also shows that these traders have ignored the complaints and opposition of the residents of Ri War Jaintia who are still strongly opposed to this trade and also puts the people at risk from this disease.
Shillong: Darrang beat Nala Rympei United (Nongmensong Umkdait) 4-2 in the tie-breaker in the 19th Riwar Cup Invitation sponsored by Bakur Social Welfare Sport. Club at Bakur Square, Durban.
“The Regional Committees of the government have tried to address these issues according to their ability, but this issue is one that you cannot address 100 out of
Lamphrang Dkhar, one of the leaders of the HYC Marskuiñ area, said that the purpose of the HYC Marskuiñ area is to remind the public that these games are they are rare these days.
When Bah Ardent was CEM of KHADC, he had set a time limit to end the conflict between the two villages which he started with the peace talks which he visited both the villages. He said that the District Council does not have a record of the boundary and has already known it. All that remains is to set the boundary. This is the time when the farmers have started to harvest the clean crops from their hard work. but the incident which happened in the past two or three days has raised doubts whether the conflict between the two villages has resumed.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of the area, Stephanson Mukhim as the chief guest, former MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, Assistant Director, Bah G.Ranee, BADO and the elders of the village.
At the same time, the public is urged to refrain from traveling to the Polo area from 5 pm on 19th June
As usual, the government relies on the teachers to wait and correct the answers of the tens of thousands of students who sit for this selection test every year.
The tournament is known as the 10th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy, which is also part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the Association.
The Supreme Court in Civil Appeal No(s) 5272/2016 has not yet allowed the transportation of coal. Hima Nongstoin Land Owners, Coal Traders and Producers Association Vrs All Dimasa Students Union, Dima Hasao District Committee.
At that time, when Tangmar and his nephew got off the ship, they asked those who met them about the house where Tangkasiar lived.
In connection with this incident, the Returning Officer of Mairang Assembly Constituency has lodged a complaint with the Mairang Police Station under Section 49M of the Conduct of Election Rules,
The funeral service will be held on 27.09.2021 at 12.00 pm.
Shah also tweeted that he has personally spoken to Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma regarding the impact of the floods.
That Christian song touched David very much.
It is no longer for us as a nation to suffer too much, it is not good.
However, the student went to ask for help from his friend and a false rumor spread and there was a clash between Bengali students and students from other states.
It is not known whether there are some Government Departments which have implemented this law but the implementation is only a formal process which is only to collect information from the employees and not to review the wealth of the employees. to judge whether it is right or wrong according to the salary or wages they receive.
Sitharam also said that the Government is listening to the needs of all.
With the aim of further empowering Postpaid users, Vi is the first Telecom company to introduce such initiatives that allow Postpaid users to choose benefits and many that agree with them.
Throughout the times in this state, we have seen and experienced many incidents, which have happened on occasion such as – the introduction of reservation policy, then the challenges on the MBOSE, the problems and dangers arising from the Bangladesh border, the encroachment and encroachment of Assam in the border areas, the suspension of appointments in government departments due to the lack of enforcement of court orders, the non-payment of salaries of employees and especially teachers, corruption, decline in education, unemployment, power outages (besides encouraging young people to work for themselves and not talking about the power sector ).
He said that the Synod will hold a meeting and a decision will be taken in 2015 to announce the decision.
At the same time, they are able to relieve many kinds of mental disorders such as anxiety and anxiety.
The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) on Tuesday burnt the statue of Himanta, Chief Minister of Assam, as a sign of protest against Sharma's statement.
“The price of synsar has killed many farmers.
The foundation stone of the Thiepbamon-Mawpud road at a cost of T.4.95 crore was laid on 30th March, 2020 by Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency. .
Furthermore, Sohblei Gerald Khongji said that the journey of the believers during these 100 years has always been on a narrow path, on a bumpy path, they have passed through Fire through Water, among those who many trials, but in the middle of this journey they walked with the Lord Jesus Christ who is the Good Shepherd who led them to the bright Lyngkha Phlang and the faith in this village of Sohphoh has grown and will grow in them. years and in times to come.
After not being able to open the foundation stone and after the rituals, he said that they left the place but immediately they heard the sound of shouting as if they had won the shooting. At that time, he said that they had broken down the foundation stone and also destroyed the place where the ritual was performed.
“Although they faced difficulties due to the weather conditions in Bhubaneswar, they played well here.
However, after inquiry from the public and also from the Tourist Operators and the Tourism Department, it was found that besides the availability of vehicles for tourists, Meghalaya lacks adequate vehicles for those tourists who visit the country. Besides the distinguished drivers for the development of tourism in the state.
To remove only those who live in Government land, in Mawlong Market, besides those who have been provided elsewhere by the Government? Who are the others when they come?
Jowai, July 03: The Governor of the State, Brig.
Selsella Sports Association played against Wasa FC 1-1 at Chandmari Ground.
Ma Moonlight congratulated the ticket market and urged all the residents to buy tickets so that the objectives of the union will be successful.
Niman was arrested in connection with Jowai PS Case No. 5 (1) 21 u/s 386/511 IPC. On 13/01/2021, while they were carrying cows in two trucks AS 02 BC 3654 and AS 02 AC 6222 to East Jaintia Hills, when they reached Mookyndur, a vehicle ML 10 B demand challans and other documents which they refused to produce.
The tournament was inaugurated by AITC leader and Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma in the presence of Richard M Marak DC West Garo Hills District and other party leaders.
The demands also include that the government should dismiss the officers who have worked for more than 10 years in Sohra and who have not done their job properly, and to provide assistance to the families affected by the floods. Since 2013-2
“The BJP should take responsibility for this rude behavior of Bah Shullai because it is she who has invited us and to invite anyone and insult on our part we cannot. to accept this" he said.
After inspecting the market, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the market is the best place to provide convenience to the farmers of the area, but it is necessary to encourage the farmers to come. bring the goods to the market.
The fete will be held tomorrow 20th July 2023 at the college basketball ground.
Shillong, July 11: Two traffickers have been arrested by the Shillong Police today from Happy Valley, Block-E. ,38 years old and Bimal Chan , 28 years old.
“We have informed them that they should be in peace and order while they are in Shillong and should not disrupt the peace and order.
A few minutes after Nongthymmai scored the first goal, Iohborlang added the second goal in the 66th minute. success.
The price of the khwai is 2500 tyngka per piece.
Shillong: Cyclone Yass has struck the Bay of Bengal and is blowing northwest at a speed of 4 kilometers per hour in the past seven hours.
She questioned whether the accused was related to the Chief Minister.
“Kynsai, come on, son, I've poured the tea,” called the mother in a soft and loving voice.
Speaking to media, the president of the group, Akbarlang Syntengnongdhar said, “We are happy for our victory and our hard work has brought us the good results, because our group is scattered because we are from different places.
The government has released the salaries after monitoring the teachers from time to time.
One of them is “Arta” which in Khasi-Maram means “Artylli” and “Tien” which is an abbreviation of the word “Ktien”.
He said that the mawkyndon will be improved through the village improvement scheme received from the Tourism Department and he hopes that in the coming days there will be more participants in the Golden Climb.
The tournament was inaugurated by the President of the Sports Club, Bah SK Budnah, who was also the chief guest in the presence of the General Secretary and members of Mawlangwir SC. At the opening ceremony, the chief guest urged the youth athletes and all the youth to work hard.
Shillong, November 04: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has strongly condemned the kidnapping of Khasi by the rebel groups in Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills.
The District Council Court, Shillong will be closed tomorrow, 19th June 2021, except for Police Papers (remand) (Registrar, District Council Court, Shillong – 9863097864 &
The East Jaintia Hills Police Department has urged the people who pass through the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District, especially in the Narpuh area, to be vigilant. Drivers are advised not to drive too fast.
HH.Mohrmen in his speech said that syllad.com/store has helped hundreds of farmers during the lockdown and without syllad.com/store we don't know what would happen to our crops. The farmers at that time but with the availability of syllad.com/store the farmers were able to market their jhur.
The total cost of these 124 incomplete projects is T.796.15 crore.
“I ensure that I will be with the party so that I can bring with me the grounds to continue fighting not because of desire but because of need,” said Bah Adelbert.
The Congress MLA from Gambegre, who is also a member of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC), on July 13, asked the electricity department about the failure of the electricity supply despite the power outage in the area. state.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Director General of Police, Dr LR Bishnoi, on Tuesday said that the state police department will not be able to check all the trucks on the road to investigate whether they are carrying coal. -law or other types of burdens.
At both these tourist spots, Dubey said that a ceremony has been sent to hold a flag raising ceremony between the BSF and BGB, exhibition of photographs, weapons, exhibitions. video of tourist attractions so that tourists can get information about the places, security along the borders, as well as the construction of seats, viewing platforms and other tourist facilities.
“If there is an accident on the road, the Minister of Transport will not be responsible, or if there is a death in hospital, the Minister of Health will not be responsible. The Minister of Disaster Management does not mean that the Minister of Disaster Management should resign and this incident should not require the Minister of Home Affairs to resign because it is an accident.
This is my vision but decide for you who have nothing, urban and rural, rich and poor, those who sit and carry daju, this is your country and mine whether you need to take care of it. The beautiful nature is still being sold at a high price to small companies and institutions.
Shah is an actor in the film Bhaag Milkha Bhaag.
Police arrived at the scene after receiving a complaint of robbery and looting of several shops.
In order to kill them after they were identified, the army and police worked together," said the DGP. “In many places, they were identified and these were killed.
They said that they have their own shops just to survive but they don't earn well as usual every year.
“We must understand that the Meghalaya building bye laws are to ensure that households should be safe and secure.
The Union also decided to request the Syiem of Khyrim Syiemship Smit to inform the Division Bench to suspend the order issued by the High Court on 10th November,
“After that we will hold a General Council and I think the PDF leaders will inform us when the time comes on the decision they will take,” he said.
Prof Martin replied, “Dear Sir, there are two types of translation, one is to give the true meaning of the word and the other is to give an understanding of the meaning of the word. ...and Shongknor, I am a Khasi and I don't need to search again to understand the meaning of the word kawaw-kaw.
Despite many criticisms and criticisms, my beloved accepted them as a brave man who did not hide until he won.
Ronaldstone Syiem has been the journalist for The Shillong Times since
The flag of the North East Olympic Games was handed over to Bah John Kharshaing who later handed over to the Chief Mission of Nagaland, Neilyalie Angami. time to come.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister said that Tura as the Headquarters of Garo Hills has been neglected for a long time in terms of infrastructure.
Last Thursday, the EJH Police Department conducted the awareness campaign at Dkhiah West Presbyterian Secondary School and today it was conducted at Khliehriat Higher Secondary School.
Shillong, Iaiong 10 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government will decide to punish those involved in the shooting death of Bah Prestone Tynsong. Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), said that the Tactical Team-I (HNLC) has explained to the Ministry of Home Affairs. They raided the house of Bah Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021 which resulted in his being shot dead.
Out of the 31 candidates (15 absent) 13 candidates passed and on 6th March, 2016 (more than a year after the written test) the announcement was made. The personal interview will be held on the 13th March, 2016 at 12 noon at the Conference Room of KHADC, Shillong.
Therefore, he expected the people to see better days when they will see water tanks in every household and this is the decision and intention of the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India to bring about development in the community.
When asked about the breeds of syiar, Bah Bantei said, “In the state, most of the breeds of syiar we grow are BV3 but we don't give seeds to the farmers. Indbro Brown Layer because they are like local chickens that we can't feed, like jhur.
In view of these tragic incidents, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to immediately provide justice to the families of those who died and injured and to ensure that they can get back their lives. “We strongly condemn all the crimes and violence that have happened recently in the state especially that many individuals have been involved in such crimes,” said the MPHRC. incidents that have not been thought of whether it is the indigenous people, the minorities or any other group and especially the involvement of journalists.
He also promised that the State Government has decided to support the Rafting Cooperative & Tourism Society and to promote this sport to another level.
In this edition of Meghalaya Superstar Season-IV, AMDA has selected its own dancers and singers to receive their own awards.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 10: The office of the Commander 4th BN, MLP, Sohpian last month gave explanations on how to avoid drugs to the students of FGEM Higher Secondary School Nongspung. The program was conducted by the Principal Bah Kyrshan Marngar with the participation of teachers and students.
Kynsaibor won the bronze medal in the Full Contact Below 51 kg category.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah PT Sawkmie said that this is only the beginning and there will be another one in the coming days.
The union also expresses its gratitude to the police department for taking the initiative to reduce the traffic jam and the union will continue to work together on any issues that affect and benefit the people.
Pah syntiew shared her knowledge with her children.
Star Cement Meghalaya Limited is located in Brishyrnot, East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
However, no news has been received yet when the Cabinet will consider this issue.
Many of the speakers before the funeral of the child, while speaking strongly condemned the robbers involved in the murder of the child and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should investigate immediately and punish the perpetrators by arrest. he shall be punished for ever.
“But what is the excuse of Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he won 282 MPs from the BJP alone?
“It is their decision, I urge them to understand and as responsible leaders we should be responsible for the state,” he said.
Chiehruphi took the lead by two goals through Sakhiat Sympli (8) and Bretly Nongtdu (27).
However, until now, there are no adequate roads from these areas to Rambrai and Langpih which are their headquarters and are responsible for the administration and welfare of the residents.
Mr. Nangaibormi Sutnga, Head of Umdeinlin Village.
Participants in the webinar included journalists from across the Northeast.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Police are investigating the recent case of child abduction in which a three month old child was found in the Wahumkhrah River at Jingkieng Mawlai on Tuesday.
Shillong, June 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laitkor Unit on Tuesday held a campaign against foreign traders and workers under the Inter State Migrant Workers (Amendment) Act They are not in the whole Laitkor area.
Marak said the turnout will reach 80-85 per cent as full information has not been received.
“Hi, Riia, what are you doing...?” asked Deisy. “No, you're still busy, you know how to do housework especially on Saturday.
The High Court, led by Justice FRM Nazmul Ahasan and KM Kamrul Kader, has disputed the claim of compensation of Tk.3 crore to the family of 11-year-old Titash Ghosh. , who passed away on May 25
However, besides the names we call our children, I often hear another name that parents call their children especially in times of anger “KHUN KA KSEW "This is the word of the parents to their children who treat them badly, some of them say "KHUN KA KSEW POHJAIT POHRATI" I have heard it from my parents or from others as well.
The party has elected Wanshwa Nongtdu as the State Co-Ordinator of the AAP Meghalaya, Iuklit Uriah as the Treasurer and Amborsius Lyngdoh as the Treasurer along with 10 Executive Members.
Therefore, I pray, “The doctors who treat are not only skilled, but reliable and the hospital is founded on compassion and not making money from the suffering of the people.
In the match played on Saturday, the match between the two teams was very friendly although both the players were able to show their skills to score the goal.
The spacecraft will reach the south pole of the moon in November and will guide vehicles to search for information about the presence of water and other life on the moon.
After that she was sent out and sent to wait outside for a while.
I go to prepare a place for you.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The HSPDP has started shaking the forests of North Shillong through the election of its candidate Bah Alestar Lyngdoh who can throw jam in the streets of Shillong, not from the forest. .
He has planted about 10,000 tree seedlings in 40 years on an area of ​​550 acres which is also a place that people think is a good place for trees to survive but now the area has been destroyed. turn yellow.
He also suggested that there is a need to review the benefits given to retired judges.
One of the officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs said that at the meeting, both the groups agreed to talk to each other and not to create any conflict arising from the misunderstanding between the two groups. they.
Speech was also delivered by the Father and prayer for blessing to these youths. Certificates, medals and sanitation boxes were distributed by the Indian Red Cross Meghalaya State Branch.
Ladrymbai B and Tpepswer SSWo have reached the quarterfinals of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum on Monday.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Don, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said, “We understand that the government needs land to build a new city but it should not force the government to build a new city. the people just to get the land".
The ADE said the Citizenship Amendment Bill is a destructive law of the Government of India and will have a serious impact on the North East. the uniqueness of the North East and that it has attacked the people of this region.
He also urged that the time has come to elect the MLAs, as the people of the constituency should be wise to elect those leaders who work for the welfare and development of the country. The constituency is entire.
According to police, Pynkhreh Surong from Mynsngat village has been missing since 9th October 2023 along with a newly purchased Mahindra Pick Up.
Gallong said that the union is surprised to see in the newspapers published on 18.8.2014 the denial of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlyngbna that they are not involved in this incident.
We should not rejoice because the government has been persuaded to renew the old one.
Tel Aviv: Israel says the war has reached its final stage and that it has captured the chief of Hamas militants, who is currently in caves and who sits quietly in the midst of the ramew.
“On this occasion, he said that at present, the department has set up a cow inspection center only for cows at the cow market in Baridua, Ha The cows that have been slaughtered are said to have been checked-up, free of disease and will be sold for meat consumption.
He said that their meeting with the Union Ministers was also to discuss the issue of Inner Line Permit, the demand for the appointment of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. One of the issues that the state BJP has brought to Delhi is the allegation of corruption in the two district councils, GHADC and JHADC. There is no corruption in the country and the state BJP has also gone to talk about this issue.
You can choose a sport like table tennis or dodgeball and play it every day.
He said that this is only the beginning and the campaign will continue in the coming years.
Sangma said he does not agree with the opposition's claims, but agrees with the fact, in which he said that when looking at the state as a whole, these disputed areas are small parts. , but if the government tries, to fix it little by little, but they have tried again.
The Matric examination will start on 4th October while the HSSLC will start on 1st October 2024 and he sent his best wishes to all the students who are taking the examination.
The SDO of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division today issued an order to ban the protest, but the order could not be implemented due to the protests of the residents. .
“We request you to stop issuing NOC to the BSF to set up the headquarters as it will affect the land, land of the people and to avoid future problems,” he said. KSU Sohra President R Diengdoh and Secretary S Phanbuh said.
He said the Sengbhalang cannot accept the police's claim that they shot in self-defense.
MCA Secretary Druba Thakuria-Treasure MCA, SCA President Peter MacDonald Kharsawian and SCA Secretary Banri Kharmalki were also present on the occasion. .
The reason why this hospital has changed its appearance is because as an MLA, he doesn't interfere when the doctors do something good for the hospital and for the people.
To all the brothers, sisters, girls who sit in the market, who drive cars, who go to work, who go to the shops, who distribute food, we know the need to stay strong during this time of illness. the whole world.
It was observed that trucks have been parked on both sides of the road and the space is only in the middle and for this reason even small vehicles have to wait in line before they can pass.
Thus, the population growth in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills in the last 70 years has been 24,08,1
Shillong: The state education department has released the salaries of deficit teachers after three months of suspension.
Simsang K. Marak, 40, of Resubelpara, is a former member of the UALA, said Superintendent of Police Bruno A. Sangma. (Simsang) is the leader in this work.
He said that the Union has decided to meet with the CEM of KHADC, EM of Elaka and Hima Mylliem to discuss this issue. the issuance of an order is unfounded.
The woman, who has three children between the ages of 6 and 2 years, is a teacher at Amwi Secondary School and is staying at her mother's house in Riatsiatsim, Iawmusiang Jowai.
The Minister also thanked the BSF personnel for their assistance during his visit to the BSF Campus at Dobasipara, Tura on the border of West and South Garo Hills District.
In the afternoon, a program entitled “Little Angels” was held where there was a children's show and a costume show for the children.
He said that some of the students have not received the Border Area Scholarship since 2011-2
As a teacher, I am affected when I see the misunderstanding between the North-Eastern Hill University which is the employer, the college teachers and the administration who run the work and the State Government which is the right authority. see above the administration.
Earlier, at 5.30 pm, ANTF East Khasi Hills Police have arrested a drug dealer from the Fire Brigade who was trying to sell drugs to a drug user.
Along with many other improvements in the main health facilities within the hospital, one of the most important additions to the services of Nazareth Hospital is the provision of MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging).
After the meeting, J.Treilang Suchiang inaugurated six shops including Sanaro, Ïeintylli VO Madankynsaw, Chi Ïung Spices Cooperative Society Mowtyrshiah, Synroplang Thadmuthlong A and Life Spices Cooperative Society. Ïeinskem Spice Producer Industrial Cooperative Society Mulieh.
The right to question shall continue for five years.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in reply to a question raised by Sohra MLA Bah Titosstar Well Chyne in the House today.
The State Government has taken a firm decision regarding the commercial taxis and that is that from now on, they will charge the fare by the metre. Act of the Government of India, or what is called, the Motor Vehicle Act.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah KP Pangniang congratulated the founder of the school for being a strong pillar for the distribution of knowledge. knowledge to students in this area.
We have built 1,70,000 Health and Wellness Centers across the country.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that he will meet the Union Minister of Education to discuss the CUET and how to find ways and means to increase the number of students. examination centers in the State in collaboration with the Minister of State for Education.
“If the teachers in the schools where the Garo language is taught are not Garo who are proficient in the language, it has led to the confusion of the Garo language and this can lead to the extinction of the Garo language. The AKHAF said that as Shillong is the capital of the state, many Garo people come to Shillong for the benefit of the Garo people. For a few days in Shillong they don't have accommodation and have to stay in expensive private hotels.
He said the Council should summon and punish him severely.
It will be announced when the government will reopen the tourist attractions in the state.
No rainfall was reported in Shillong or other parts of the state today.
Speaking after the awarding ceremony, Kong Trinity Sayoo expressed her gratitude to the citizens.
He also briefly mentioned that the renovation of the JN Stadium and Indoor Stadium in Shillong, the PA Sangma Integrated Sports Complex in Tura and the Wahiajer Stadium in West Jaintia Hills will be completed soon.
The money was seized by the police before the Magistrate.
FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit has been summoned to Sadar Police Station and has been charged with the same cases as General Secretary Eldie N. Lyngdoh and Senior Vice President Elton Cliff Warjri. to Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang and Bah Khrawborlang Nongsiej.
Speaking on the theft of KHADC funds into the bank accounts of private individuals for the Professional Tax, the EM in charge of Taxation, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that he has sought clarification and has asked for the information. bank statement from the MRB Nongpoh and Nongstoin and the report from the bank may arrive tonight or tomorrow.
In the 74 KG category, Jerry Lyngdoh came first, Arki Nongkseh second and Vinod Rai fourth.
In these days, Kong Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of the State against the MRDO to conduct an inquiry into its involvement in cheating people to get jobs in Jaintia Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah John Kharshiing said, “I am delighted to witness the Elite Pathway Program for the athletes of Meghalaya.
