“My aim or goal is that when I am elected as the leader, I will fulfill my duties inside the cabinet. The day I took over as Minister, I was sworn in,” said Bah Paul.
Alvin Sawkmie from Mawsynram and Teibor Pathaw from Mawlai.
Finally, one of the elders who was present said that he does not like Bah Let to be the Rangbah Shnong.
“If it weren't for the market days, all these bitter iit would have injured the pedestrians,” said one of the residents who is still close to Monica Dkhar.
The decision of Bah Paul and Teibor to support Latiplang's EC has increased the number of MDCs to 15 in the 29-member House while the UDA led by Teinwel Dkhar has decreased. to 14 people.
“We hope that this approval of the state government, the Committee to take this necessary step will be the opportunity and a golden opportunity for all the political parties in our state, to inform about this policy,” she added.
After the inspection of these areas, the MLA of Jirang, held a meeting at Baridua village, in which the village leaders from Baridua village were present. Through this meeting, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, urged the village leaders to explain to the people in their villages that They have to prevent the entry and exit between people from Meghalaya and Assam, because this area is close to Assam and cannot prevent the entry and exit, if they village leaders cannot provide cooperation.
And by the death of Jesus we have been reconciled to God.
He said that the Mawhati road is the most criticized road in the state and it is from this road that the people can criticize the MLA for not working in Mawhati area to forget about others. There are no development projects in the constituency.
A member of the PAC, who did not want to be named, said on Friday that the PAC has summoned those officers who are still in office and those who have retired involved in the implementation of the scheme. project.
The event was enriched by the performances of the winners of the competition from Badapjingkyrmen Nongsiej, Rikyntihun Lyngkhoi, Little Group and Labiang.
According to the Sordar of Lai Kyntoit, Bah Rojian Khongshei, Mawkliaw residents have not received electricity for more than six months since April, while Mawlatang has not received electricity for three months. now more than ever since the month of July this year.
Two others, Neelam, 42, and Amol, 25, were arrested on charges of throwing tyndong lyer in front of Transport Bhavan.
He expressed confidence that PRIME Hub under the able leadership of Fr.Sunny Mavelil will cater to the local youth of Garo Hills in skilling them and ensuring them access to different job opportunities.
Furthermore, as the Chief Leader of the Congress in the state, Ma Vincent H. Pala appealed to the leaders and candidates not to criticize others without any grounds, because the Election Commission of India has banned and as leaders they have to stand on the ground and give a thorough explanation to the people and let the people judge the foundation of the party which aims to truly serve for the people as the The Congress has been in power for many decades and has brought about many changes in the country and even in Meghalaya, he added.
In Phase 2, up to 29 districts together with several teams from TRIFED, NEHHDC – Union Ministry of DoNER, and teams from the state government will visit all the districts. Northeast and after meeting with the local artisans and craftsmen together they will be able to showcase the richness of culture and heritage not only to India but to the world as a whole. .
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Liverson Ïawphniaw, Vice Captain of Khliehmawlieh, expressed his satisfaction that the team has reached the final of the MSL. in the process of this tournament from the beginning to the final.
Nongpoh, Lber 05: A 45-year-old servant of God has passed away after a long illness. at 4 pm at Umran Dairy.
Vanlalpeka was replaced by Amon Lepcha but after a while Iohbor Lyngkhoi was given a yellow card. 37 Ahlawat received a direct red card after turning Mawkhar's player at the end of the box.
The rally was organized by the Congress Women's Committee and will start from Madan Iewrynghep to the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat.
“The more people who come forward to get vaccinated, the more we can protect children who are not yet vaccinated and the elderly from the infection of Covid-19 and it is also the responsibility of every citizen".
Shillong: A group of volunteers including Agnes Kharshiing, Amita Sangma, Angela Ryngad, Patricia Mukhim, Michael N Syiem and others have sent their report to the Supreme Court requesting that the suspension of the coal mining in this state.
Those MLAs who have not yet spoken a single word in this Dorbar, should not lose hope, but should be brave after preparing themselves well.
The drugs were seized in collaboration with the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills and police of Khliehriat Police Station.
He said that today will be discussed to fix the date for an official meeting to discuss the issue between the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
The announcement came after the first meeting of the opposition committee was held in Patna on July
According to the almanac of the Presbyterian Church in Hynniewtrep, the first Lord's Day of the month is the theological Sunday.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has demanded that the government should dismiss Bah Sylverstar Kharlyngdoh as the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills within 40 days.
They must be corrected and cared for.
Nongpoh, July 27: As part of the training for two wheeler drivers and all drivers on the National Highway, the Two Wheeler Association Umsning Area, under the banner of the Two Wheeler Association Umsning Area, In addition to the theme of Safety Riding, the Peace Track-2014 was launched on Saturday, 25th July. by 9 am.
Police said the court has sentenced both of them after receiving full evidence of their crimes this year.
As the days approach 2023, the people are still interested in discussing one issue that they are waiting for to be fulfilled, the issue of electing leaders to the Legislative Assembly. state.
From the beginning to the end of the festival, the festival was held at the houses of the candidates. How much did they spend? vote lei, you'll be able to vote.
In the city, however, there have been many buildings as part of economic development, such as schools, offices, shops, and others.
Another problem and reason why the State Government should stand up is that this Act is now written in Hindi which is used by the people of the North East and the people of south India. ) don't understand because it's written in Hindi.
The HYC said it has searched but has not been able to meet with the suspect.
The residents said that they have been helping in the search for the body of the man since Sunday but due to the strong wind they have stopped the search.
Shillong: Police of East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday 12th June 2023, at 3 pm, received a tip that a man identified as Masoom Choudhary, has been abducted by 5 -6 unidentified persons in a commercial vehicle number ML1
“This allegation is just a political ploy by other political parties and we strongly condemn such allegations,” said Dr. Syngkon while talking to media after filing his nomination papers from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Describing the incident in Manipur as a tragic incident, Sangma said, “Once again through you, I would like to appeal to the people of Manipura and all the communities living in Manipur. Manipur to restore peace and bloodshed should not continue and any problem that arises we will sit down to discuss to resolve this problem.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of April,
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that his government has decided to proceed with the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019, which is currently pending for approval. National Assembly.
Arsenal beat Manchester United 2-0 in the Premier League on Saturday with Granit Xhaka scoring in the 12th minute and Pierre Emerick. Aubemeyang scored from the penalty spot in the 69th minute.
In this country where people used to think that the Government is the cause of problems in various fields, our Government has sped up the work.
Sambormi Lyngdoh, President EJNC said that most of the presence of these factories in the village has seriously affected the health of the residents and has also posed a serious threat to the future and heritage of the villagers. of foreign states.
The price of one tablet issued by the government is Rs 8990, but the company on the tablet has printed the price as Rs 6850 and this shows that there has been a difference of Rs 2140 which The government charges more than one tablet at the price set by the company.
It is learned that many MLAs did not attend the meeting and some did not.
You must appoint a High Level Fact Finding team to investigate this matter.
Therefore , the BJP government 's plan to introduce the One Nation One Election will seriously affect the democracy of the country , which also aims to force the rule only by the Central Government to destroy and destroy the power of the National Political Parties and the voice of the minorities are unacceptable.
Also present on the occasion were the President of HFU Sengkmie, office bearers and farmers from all over the villages of Mawsynram constituency.
Dr. Irene Wan-niang, RBSK MO Ranikor CHC, while speaking on cleanliness, said that cleanliness is the most important thing in our daily life. .
“Such statements by BJP leaders we have heard in every election campaign in other states, like West Bengal, Telengana, Delhi or any other state where the BJP is in the Opposition,” he said. The Prime Minister said that the BJP in Meghalaya has been in government for five years and is working with the NPP, and such statements are only during elections. .
Rupang has learned that some BJP leaders from the state under the leadership of Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, who has been appointed as President, have met with BJP Chief Nalin S Kohli at Kad. He flew to Guwahati on the day of his arrival in Shillong to hold the presidential elections in the state.
He recalled that the British Government wanted to build a road through the Khasi Hills and had made false promises. They have pleased the people with the promise of development, but the truth is that they want to mine uranium,” said Samuel Jyrwa.
On the other hand, it was found that there is a shortage of staff or nurses of GVK in Amlarem Sub-Division and there is also a case where the Ambulance 108 has had to be set for months. GVK and the government to provide the staff of the 108 in Amlarem Sub-Division, so that the service of the 108 vehicle to the people of Amlarem Sub-Division will not be disrupted.
Why weren't the Biharis living in Lapalang arrested and why weren't they charged with MPDA? There is a big question mark over the illegal organization.
He said that in any case, only the Congress can bring hope for the future.
He said that as the government, they want to ensure that all the works go smoothly in all four phases and that NHIDCL together with the contractors should take responsibility for the work.
Besides the prize money worth T.50,000, the three winners will get the opportunity to become brand ambassadors of Set Wet.
“The time has come,” said Ban.
Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Adelbert Nongrum today expressed his deep sorrow over the holding of the Synrai Dorbar for only three days.
On the other hand, the vendors also promised to cooperate with the government authorities so that it will be convenient for the tourists and that they too will earn money from this business which they used to do for thousands of dollars. year.
When MeECL becomes a corporation, it should also act as a corporation and not as a government agency.
Shillong, March 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has allowed its fellow MDCs to consider the support of Bah Equator L Nongrang to the PDF before the party takes a decision.
According to a new forecast from Delhi, the BJP will form another government in Tripura and Nagaland but in Meghalaya it will form a coalition government as no party has 31 seats alone.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Spain has risen to 20,043 with 565 deaths in the past 24 hours, a slight drop. of deaths, which stood at 585 on Wednesday.
Shillong: There have been 136 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
This happened to Sillian A Sangma, 25, from Rongchigre village in Lum Garo.
Many of the policies have been changed by the government from time to time because it will be necessary to see whether the policies created 20 years ago are still in line with the current facts. .
“Archbishop Jala has dedicated his life to the service of the people through Jesus Christ,” said Bah Lapang.
Hyderabad played well by taking the top three wickets for the state.
The job of this government is to take away its MLAs and MDCs by forcing them to believe that it is their hard work”.
What could be greater than the goodness of one another? And we will remain the citizens of a great and prosperous India.
To abolish policies that open up only to a few private individuals and profiteering traders who steal wealth and destroy the environment.
When asked about the cost of traveling abroad, Javed said it cannot be said that the government is ready to provide assistance.
CCIB Secretary Kmen Myrchiang strongly condemned the JHADC for issuing the NOC to conduct the survey without the consent of the Village Authorities.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : NCP MLA from Gambegre, Saleng Sangma on Tuesday said it is the duty of the Opposition to find fault with any action of the state government.
As a developed country, India needs that life in humanity, religion, culture, language, development and economy that does not discriminate against anyone.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary to Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided to use the Rapid Test Kit (RTK) and RTCPR for the purpose of testing all returnees from other countries. Meghalaya is the largest state in India.
During the investigation, these people confessed that they had committed this crime many times.
This happened at Camp Cohen Water Park in El Paso, where Jessica Weaver, 35, was charged with neglecting her only child.
The recognition of the Khasi language has been delayed for decades, although both Khasi and Garo have been recognized as medium languages ​​in the state since 2005 and only last year. has already approved the decision on the demand for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Besides, the recruiter, who wrote the names and three other members were also arrested.
It is offside where the linesmen cannot see anything.
The Power Department is one of the most revenue generating departments. If the Government knows how to work cleanly, this department can even support itself.
Shillong: Hon'ble Justice Shivaji Pandey, retired Judge of Patna High Court, has been sworn in as the President of the Meghalaya State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (MSCDRC), Shillong on the 6th of this month,
After the announcement that it will be held in Barato, the believers were excited with prayers to welcome the Synod, but as a slam, the lockdown came in
The raid was led by Inspector J CH Sangma after receiving a tip that there were people who were selling and selling kynja in the area.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn and MDC Lamphrang Blah on Tuesday inspected the construction of the College of Science and Commerce in Mawphlang. the PWD (Buildings) and the contractors appointed to carry out the work.
Jowai, Nailur 15: A 43-year-old man has died shortly after his car collided with another truck coming from the opposite direction.
Many of the speakers expressed the need for change after the MLA elections in the state.
Even between the Government of India and the States, there is Art.254 which is like 12 A, that if the State Governments and the Government of India enact the same law on any matter, especially those mentioned in the Concurrent List, the law of the Government of India, the death of the State Government.
When I was young, every day at Mawdon, my mother used to carry me with a plate to carry money, because in the past, only silver, ten tyngka, there was nothing in the past.
The death toll worldwide has risen to more than 20,000 and the number of infections has risen to 4.5 lakh.
E.F.Gatphoh MPHF, AG.Zone X RID 3240.
Guwahati: There have been 111 new cases of coronavirus in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to 1,9
Blanding, who won in 2016 from the HSPDP in Mawthadraishan but later defected to the People Democratic Front (PDF) and can now contest from the Congress in next year's MDC elections.
I am sad and heavy in spirit, at the same time I am sad; I believe that others also hear.
“This shows the fear of the Congress for transparency and the BJP does not allow corruption,” said the statement. “Running a corruption-free government is just a dream for them”.
He also told about the trade and other commodities from Ri Khasi Jaintia including the finest silver, sugar, umngap, kynphad, muslin, rusom and ryndia, hati, hati bniat, soh niamtra. , coal and medicines for the European market.
Speaking to reporters, the youths said that the reason for the shooting was because they had made a mistake in driving a scooty. Instead of walking on the One Way, these youths have been able to walk.
From time to time, there have been discussions, debates and demands to allow women to participate in the work of the Dorbar Shnongs.
At the same time, the Bishop also promised to hand over to the government 18 schools and hostels of the Jowai Diocese in Jaintia Hills for the purpose of turning them into Isolation Wards.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Round X, said that he has spoken to the relevant authorities of the Ministry of External Affairs to ensure that the Meghalayans are protected and that they can return home. the house is not clean.
Kong Lumspah tried to speak calmly and calm herself down because she knew that Wanbok's father had died.
As soon as the meeting started at 12 noon, the crowd started shouting and many of them were walking up and down and talking to each other in the ground floor of the school.
He is also the President of the Mawkynrew Block Congress Committee.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that when the New Year comes in July, the state government will hold a meeting to take a decision to abolish the Odd and Even numbers. vehicles in the entire East Khasi Hills District.
There will be three buskits, 1st Prize – Rs.7000/-, 2nd Prize – Rs.4000/-, 3rd Prize – Rs.2000/-.
For the Kids Show, the prize will be 10,000 tyngka for the first place, 8000 tyngka for the second, 6000 tyngka for the fourth, 4000 tyngka for the fourth, 3000 tyngka for the third,
After the reading by the CEM, the members of the House stood one by one to express their condolences on the loss of these two former MDCs.
The commemoration began with a rally by the students of North East Adventist University (NEAU) followed by a public awareness meeting on the disease.
The incident happened at Khlieh Iewduh, Shillong.
The village leaders have informed the Madanryting Police Station for further investigation.
Vishal Kumar Balmiki tied for 66 runs and took four wickets to help Lumpyngad SCC win the final by 61 runs.
The plight of the poor was discussed through the speeches of the dignitaries, including the Head of ICSSR, Prof B Panda, and Dr Jank Jhankar Narzari, Dr Jank Jhankar Narzari, head of the Santikhetan Kala Bhavan Practoni.
It was built near the Telegraph Office (formerly and now the Telecom Office in Secretariat Hills Shillong).
He said that any amendment to the Sixth Scheduled should be made by Parliament and not by the State Government.
In a letter to Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar, Hazare said he had decided to hold a protest in Delhi from next month.
Thousands of Indians and Thais make pilgrimages to the holy places within India and in Thailand to keep alive the beliefs and close ties between the two countries," he said. state.
She urged women to come forward if they are attacked anywhere, for their rights.
“If you belong to any party, forget any feelings but support me as the UDP candidate and I will serve the country and the nation.
The price of 30 pieces of silver was the price set for a slave.
“When you look at the media, there is a letter sent, but not like the one sent by us and there is no mention of the Official Bill.
Iranian military forces have seized a helicopter carrying Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi and Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdolhian.
At the same time, Prestone said the state government will also strive to strengthen the Border Outposts of the police in the border areas with Assam so that they can provide security and safety to the people. the population of the state.
Donbok said that according to the DTO, there are only three companies which have applied for permits to operate in East Khasi Hills including Uber, Orchid and Ropper but the DTO office has not yet received them. and he told them what had happened.
It is harvested in November-December.
In this regard, the HYC urges Tapas and Saijul to come to the HYC office before they come to work in Meghalaya.
This news may hurt someone but the truth must be told.
There are three categories in this year's tournament, namely in the 14 and 17 years old men's and under 17 women's categories.
Therefore, we urge you to please take action on this issue so that we can prevent the violation of the law by foreigners and also the misappropriation of Council funds,” said the petition.
Samuel Jyrwa Secretary Election Committee has announced that the filing of nomination papers for various posts will start from the 17th to the 23rd of this month from 11 am to 1 pm. at 5 pm at the KSU office in Jaiaw.
Ravi will take over as Governor of the State, while former Governor Tatagatha Roy is on leave as Governor of the State.
They said that earlier the shops looked like forests but now they are clean and in this regard they thanked the Dorbar Hima Mylliem as a whole.
Due to the shortage of fertilizer and seeds from the government, the farmers have had to buy from the private sector at a reasonable price.
The Supreme Court's decision not to base the reservation of OBCs on the basis of population does not affect the STs/SCs but should not increase the total reservation by more than 50%. of OBCs at 27%.
In a complaint sent to the SP, the protesters said that the attack happened on 23rd November after a group of police including the Secretary of the Village Defense Party (VDP) arrested them. They came to their home in Nayagaon, Bhutan.
At the same time, they said that it has been a real shame for the city of Nongpoh, because the garbage has been spread and dumped in some places, which has caused a lot of trouble along with the garbage. which can affect the health of people and school children.
“Therefore, on my part, I would like to clarify that MK Chettri, as he is already the Senior Most Engineer at MeECL, is the most suitable person to hold the post of Director Distribution of MeECL.” he said.
Police have registered a case under Section No.60(03)2012 u/s 302 IPC and the investigation has been handed over to UBSI Bishnu Thapa.
This is what we have to understand".
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today held talks with the Chief Ministers of Kerala, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Karnataka, who have shown signs of The number of covid cases is increasing.
May God of peace be with you Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh, and may you have a healthy body and your family.
The HYC's demand for a response comes after the Government recently announced that it will allocate an additional 1.4 acres of land for the construction of houses for the relocation of people from Metor Theater, Mawlong Market Theatre.
During the search operation, police recovered fake Aadhaar Cards, PAN Cards and Mobile Phones from the suspects.
People who climb to the top of the mountains of Nam are people who maintain discipline.
“There are forces who are trying to destroy the education and employment opportunities,” said Bah Ronnie.
He said that many of the schools in the rural areas are located in areas where there is no road, and although there may be roads, it is like a horse road and very bad. I don't know why, but I'm sure they'll be able to do it for 2 hours.
It is an annual meeting of the people of Hynniewtrep who are still in the traditional faith, to gather together to preserve and strengthen the traditional identity as established by our ancestors.
The 70-year-old tyngshop, who has been acting since 1976 and has acted in more than 100 films in his life before joining Hollywood, has been a successful actor. slowly his talent led several directors to offer him to star in their films.
Here we see that many people perish because they do not believe and have already lost.
The Governor not only sent his condolences but also prayed for the families of these two Rangbah who passed away.
“On the new price of the Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS), it has affected the government employees and retired people, because it has been too heavy for them because of the assistance from the government. long just a little," he added.
Therefore, as youth, they should be ready to fight with one foot to the people and one foot to the prison.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “On my part and also on behalf of the Government, I condemn this article by the LRO group which appears to be an attempt to stir up trouble. and to mislead the people and also to defame the state of Meghalaya.
With this victory, Mukhla FC has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
Speaking to media, Dr. DRL Nonglait said that in fact, the 80 percent recruitment quota for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo has already been implemented according to the Office Memorandum (OM) since earlier. only at the district level.
The jury said that the matter is very serious and needs to reach the end of justice.
The meeting was conducted by Joplincy Lyngdoh, Headmistress, Wahkaji and welcome speech was delivered by Babu Wandajop Khalyngdoh.
To open a women's hostel and to improve the entrance road to the school and also to provide security guards and install CCTV cameras, computers and printers for KNGCSU. They also demanded the payment of the salaries of 13 employees who have lost their salaries for seven months.
However, despite the doubts, it was seen that today the people in the market are ready to complete their work so that they can leave home within 6 pm.
There are those who criticize the NPP because it is leading the government and does not do anything.
x 12 in.
Following the Supreme Court's order, 265 out of 561 liquor shops in the state have been closed.
“7.
For when God shutteth, no man can open; and when God openeth, no man shutteth; and when God openeth, no man can open.
God is a Spirit. God is a Spirit.
The number of young people working has become very important and it is our duty to provide them with the necessary opportunities to improve.
Jio also offers plans that Jio users can take.
The EJNC leader also recalled the time when the villagers in Mukroh were shot dead by the Assam police. The CEM of Karbi Anglong District Council, who said that the residents of Mukrok are illegal residents, has angered the members of the party, who immediately went to the police station. They also met with the CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and asked for clarification on this. Under the leadership of the CEM of JHADC, they visited Mukroh village to inspect and confirmed that Mukroh village itself still falls under Meghalaya, in West Jaintia Hills District.
KSU Mawkynrew Circle President Michael Lawai and Assistant General Secretary Elas Umsong said that they have told the PWD Minister that the roads which have already been painted, have turned bad again because the government has not painted them. improved roads for many years.
The theft was well planned and the thieves used a gas torch to cut the steel box containing the money.
The Central Government has distributed foodgrains through the Food Security Bill after the Government passed the Ordinance Bill to distribute foodgrains at low prices.
We don't have even half the population of West Bengal, so if we divide, where do we stand, how can we demand our rights, how can we protect our future and the land,” he said. Thabah while speaking at the 63rd Annual Lai Freshers Meet organized by the Lai Students' Association (LSA).
Two candidates, Bah Haland Kharngi, former Rangbah Shnong and Bah Askenas Lapang, former Secretary Shnong, have contested for the post of Rangbah Shnong.
Returning to the match, as soon as the start of the match, Nongthymmai SCC showed a skillful and skillful style of play, which turned out to make the Rangdajied team have to watch carefully. good for the way she plays.
The doctor was arrested by the BSF and sent away clean of clothes and threatened to be shot dead by the BSF. The President and General Secretary of the MVSA said that the Union has decided to inform the higher authorities of the BSF, Meghalaya Frontier, Headquarters. written notice from these authorities along with an undertaking that such incidents should not be repeated in the future.
He said that in order to get clean water, it is necessary to reduce the weight of the clarifier and two clarifiers have to be built and the water should be distributed halfway which means 17 to Two clarifiers with a capacity of 21 million liters per day will be 42 million liters per day.
These are 12 cases on 22nd March, 2 cases on 23rd March, 3 cases on 24th March 2019 and 33 cases on 26th March
“When I arrived at Oriental Theological College, Shillong, I realized that this is a difficult life and I prayed regularly and discussed with my friend Father Richard Majaw (Vicar General of Shillong) and we decided to move forward and I did so until I was ordained Lyngdoh Sohblei in 2003,” said the Bishop Elect.
The Minister of Education in Assam, Ranoj Pegu, today announced that all the educational institutions in the state will become self-governing institutions and the Principals of these institutions will be appointed. take steps for the implementation of the National Education Policy
In addition to the jobs registered by the MPSC and DSC, there are also contractual jobs registered by various departments.
“If the department and the authorities themselves are not disciplined, how can we expect to stop the illegal entry of foreigners,” he added.
“There have been reports in the media that there is a strong contest for the UDP ticket...but if there is such a thing, it is not from me," he said.
“The Government of Meghalaya has worked with the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to document all the customs and traditions of the people of the State,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the CEO said that it is difficult to monitor social media platforms because some of them are created under false names, despite the Model Code of Conduct (MCC). The 48 hours before the election shall be a period of closure, during which no one shall be allowed to campaign.
Ganja weighing 257 kilos and worth an estimated T.1 crore was seized by the troops at Ambassa in Dhalai district of Tripura.
On the other hand, Bah GG Bung Snaitang, Leader of UDP Ranikor, congratulated the MBOSE office, for allowing these remote schools, to take advantage of the He said that the teachers of these schools will have to submit a letter to the Board office on Tuesday to show the problems they are facing at a distance from the school. the place where the examination is held.
This writing of mine is exactly to urge my fellow citizens to take care of our country and nation so that foreigners will not take or destroy it.
It is worth mentioning that on Tuesday night at 7:30 pm , a masked robber tied up Bah Rishan Rapsang , the brother of the MLA West Shillong.
In a statement sent by N. Marwein, the new Vice President of the HSPDP, the party has no longer recognized LG Nongsiej as the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit. He said that the PDF has not expelled him but he has fled.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the bias of the Government of India has forced us to believe that there is a secret plot to exterminate the minorities living in the North East.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today announced the commencement of the implementation of the Tura Phase I and II Water Supply Scheme in the presence of Bah Samlin Malngiang, Minister of PHE. On Saturday, at a meeting held at Circuit House, Tura.
“Meghalaya is the smallest state in the world, the homeland of the smallest ethnic groups, and the most backward in all aspects, which is now in grave danger. from the invasion of other ethnic groups from northern India, who have entered, left, lived, worked, earned and earned their living in the state without any laws against it. “It is good to curb this, which has affected and put the country and the small nation at great risk,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
“If the people don't get the ILP, even the Sixth Schedule will disappear because the election of MDCs is like Adult Suffrage and if there are more foreigners than indigenous people, the state will disappear. ours shall be ruled by foreigners," he said.
We know that Israel was scattered throughout the world since 70AD, that is, after Jesus ascended to heaven, which means before 70AD, Jesus is no longer on this earth, which means after 37 years. Jesus ascended to heaven, Jerusalem and the Temple in Jerusalem were destroyed by the Roman armies under Titus.
Therefore, he said that through this new arrangement, it will empower the Rangbah Shnongs to maintain peace and order in the villages.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Habahun urged the Seinraij Barato to make proper use of this house for the benefit of the children of the Seinraij.
The problem of the mynder poi ei which has started to stir up the village, the inability to stop the arrival of the mynder is one of the problems that affects not only us but everyone especially the future generations. .
Regarding the hearing, Bah HS Shylla, said that the judges have attacked the Rangbah Shnongs too much, in which he wrote, “Therefore, the decision of the judges has been biased, they have attacked the Rangbah Shnongs too much. and our Dorbar Shnongs, until those special protections for us in the Constitution of India have turned into dust in an instant”.
Lajong will now prepare to face Chennaiyin in the final round of the Hero Elite on the 30th at 3 PM at Nagoa Stadium in Goa.
He also explained about the two types of courses under the NEHU regulation namely Credit and Non credit courses which fall under the NEP. by expressing their own experiences and providing explanations on their doubts.
“This work will end with the end of the chairman or co-chairman,” said Prestone.
He added that if you want to escape from the problems and dangers that lie ahead, you must forget about your party love and friendship and give your right hand and left hand to the VPP and support the party. strong foundations on clean governance and a strong desire to save and improve as well as transform this beloved country.
The FKJGP has suggested that if the government intends to use the land, it should not build a school or a hotel, especially since it has been proposed to build a petrol pump and a resort near the hospital.
The Court has already ordered and we will see.
Shillong: The Congress MLA, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, has asked the state government why last year it had adequate training to fight against the disease, but this year why the government did not provide enough training. I don't do these things.
Before the candlelight vigil, they held a short meeting and observed a 1 minute silence for the souls of the deceased. .
The deceased was identified as Kitborlang Marbaniang, who is studying in Class-II at an LP School in Umlur. The father of Kitboklang said that Kitboklang left home on Saturday with his friends but did not return home until Sunday. that his body was found in a forest near the village with marks on his face.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Up to 189 voters of Nongstoin constituency have rejected all four candidates who have contested the mid-term elections. They voted for NONE of the above.
However, it was said that this time, after the reopening of schools after the two-month Nowruz holiday, it is surprising that these students have fallen ill on that day.
We will look into this because I understand that this work has been done since three or four years ago.
Admitting that English will be the only compulsory subject in the new system, Bah Kharbhih said the MBOSE has opened the door for students to choose MIL subjects by making MIL subjects elective. “We have set three subjects to choose from and English will be a compulsory subject,” said the Executive Chairman.
“This is no different but as an association itself in a small capacity and in the lack of adequate equipment, venues and others but with the responsibility and hard work of the participants even in the midst of despair. “I have brought honor through awards,” said Stalyne.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The SSA teachers under the umbrella of the All Garo Hills SSA School Teachers' Association (AGHSSASTA) have expressed their sadness over the lack of salary for more than two months. July, 2022 to date and for almost three months.
Why does the pastor want to join hands with politicians? Why doesn't he spend time praying and talking about things that are not true?
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh today announced that the district administration in collaboration with the Nongpoh Town Committee, Mawroh and Nongkhrah Town Committees, has decided to postpone the market. Buy fruits and vegetables from City Memorial Hat, Nongpoh to Mawspeng Square under Mawroh / Nongkhrah, which will be open from Tuesday, 27/5/2
Teachers of Ri Bhoi District, today held a protest in three places and that is, the teachers from Bhoirymbong Zone, held a protest program at Madan Kurkalang, Bhoirymbong. teachers from Umsning Zone at Umsning and teachers from Nongpoh Zone at NSCA Mini Stadium, Nongpoh.
The total number of recoveries is 730 including 45151 samples, 43020 negative and 470 pending results.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Wales Pastor Rev. Watcyn James has stayed for two nights at Shangpung village, Jaintia Hills after leaving Nongsawlia.
“I would also like to inform the public that from now on, we will test every day before allowing the fish to be sold to the public. Only those fish which have received the certificate of safety for consumption can be sold to the public for consumption and if found to contain formalin through this spot testing we will not be sold to the public and we will “If we find that there is formalin, we will bury these fish and if we find that they don't have formalin, we will allow them to be sold in the market,” she said.
In the afternoon of the same day and at the same place, a sermon on the faith will be held.
After receiving a tip on the incident, the Nongstoin Fire Service rushed to the top of the hill to provide assistance. he had already died and drowned and after two hours of fighting, the fire brigade managed to recover his body from the lake.
The biggest challenge now is to fight to preserve the environment to avoid the widespread deforestation. The use of lyer shet will help the environment to fight to restore the environment. you are clean.
It is a sign of pride for all the citizens to show their love and respect for the flag of the country.
Regarding this, the KSU said in a letter that it is against it because if the army is allowed to set up camps, firstly the people will lose their land and secondly, once the The military bases will no longer fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council or the 6th Schedule but will become a Cantonment Area under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Defense or the Ministry of Defense of the Government of India.
Before I tell you anything, let us go back a little to the story of the lurking cow and the lame cow.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) have strongly criticized the state government for its failure to address the issues faced by the people and drivers of commercial vehicles. The price of petrol and diesel has increased sharply, while the people are facing difficulties in getting vehicles when they want to go anywhere and this has affected the traffic.
This inability to have unity from the past has been inherited from the past to the present day from the families, the various groups and the nation as a whole.
Besides the members of the SHGs, there were also members of the Producer Groups (PGs) who came to take part in the cleanliness drive.
He said that as a pastor, besides preaching the Word of God from the pulpits and Rynsan Ialap, he also needs to write such books, which are like preaching the Word. u Blei through the writing of the tar.
Quiet! However, as a reminder, the song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi” has 6 stanzas.
“According to him, the main demands of the MCCL employees are the payment of salaries, VRS and others.
Momin said the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order (MMPO) Act is an act that aims to silence the mouths of the people and their freedoms and alleged that the government intends to amend this. state as state that police.
Today, under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the North East is moving forward on the path of peace and prosperity.
Also present on the occasion were Platini Mukhim, Sports Secretary and Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary. The union encourages all the players and club owners to continue to fight and bring glory to the country and the nation as a whole.
This is the mission of self reliance lighting in the remote villages of Meghalaya (Ujala).
If you change the Reservation Policy, the Roster System will also change.
It was also found that the books which should have written the numbers to be purchased from the government offices have been used with plain books and the non-use of these books which should have been purchased from the office.
DR Michael Buam, General Secretary of the West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) said that the Youth Policy should promote other sports in the state so that the talents of the youth in various sports can be developed. games in the world.
He said that the government has been saying from time to time that the youth are the future of the nation why doesn't it build various Vocational Training Centers to open up opportunities for the unemployed youth. loud.
We are neutral and we are concerned about these violence.
Out of the three wickets lost by SCA, two wickets were taken by Ibajanai Wanniang for 2/30 for SWKH. Many of them have done well but later they have not been able to turn away the opposition, many of whom have been elected from outside the state.
Regarding the construction of the factory, he said the work will have to be temporarily suspended while the investigation is ongoing.
The Archery Association of Meghalaya (AAM) on Monday launched the 2nd NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT)
“Give your vote to Generous Pasleiñ, we will carry your body and soul and if you don't want after three years, appoint another one,” said Hilarius, former MDC Moobakhon Khanduli.
The program was conducted by Jochanan Diengdoh, Faculty, Dept.
On the allegation that the government has not done anything for the insurgents who came to talk peace with the government, as stated by UALA Chairman Novembirth Marak, the Prime Minister said that the government has not done anything for the insurgents. it does whatever it does in the morning without hiding anything in order to bring lasting peace in the area.
The Chief Minister, Manik Saha, the President of the BJP in the state, Rajib Bhattacharjee, and many Ministers and party leaders, have extended their best wishes to Mia. the leader of the Muslim faction in the Congress party.
The Lord Jesus Christ also had a family when He came to this Earth.
To close on the exposure caused by sleep deprivation it is necessary to ensure that children sleep well and sleep completely.
Many of them have had to leave empty handed due to the lack of accounts.
If they don't provide false information or don't provide information, their property will be confiscated and they will be punished,” said Bah Michael.
It is difficult to find the thymmei from where it comes from.
Today, millions of people would die if this disease continued for years.
that college doesn't have any.
“Today the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will leave for Delhi to meet the Union Minister of Finance and Education of the Union Government to discuss the issue. release of funds for the year 2022-2
Therefore, he explained that the office of the BDO is the platform for the cooperation of the government and the people in the implementation of many projects whether it is in the development of the country, the assistance to the people. need and other development opportunities.
In the morning, the procession will start at 1:30 pm from Calvary and will proceed through Dhankheti-Shillong, Jowai-Laitumkhrah Main Road, Don Bosco Square and return to Calvary.
In addition, the VPP has announced that it will hold public awareness meetings on the impact of the Roster System.
Besides this, they also announced that other protests such as office blockades will continue throughout the state.
He said that Meghalaya has a lot of mineral resources, such as coal, but it is not good to set up power plants from these, as it will affect the environment.
“We will give three days to the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to send back the seal and letter head of the Rangbah Shnong Garo but otherwise we will come here in another way,” he said. Shillong, Jymmang 03: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai, will inaugurate the Land Port at Dawki tomorrow, to promote trade between the two countries. India and Bangladesh.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, has expressed his deep sorrow over the incident and Sarma, who described the incident as very shocking, has also sent a letter to Zoramthanga. , Chief Minister of Mizoram, to Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India.
The three organizations also inspected the newly established coal mining factories in Shallang area and in the inspection it was found that besides the three coal mining factories which have not existed since last month, there are now about 7 coal mining factories. Others including one in Swangre and six in Kyllonmathei have already started to be rebuilt.
Tbn. Morris Swer, resident of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, passed away on the 17th of this month and the funeral service was held on the same day at the Thangskai Presbyterian Church, East Jaintia Hills District.
The program was launched at Ladthadlaboh Urban Primary Health Centre, Jowai in the presence of Dr M. Syngkon, District MCH Officer. from 1 year of age to 19 years of age to avoid infection.
Mairang, Nailar, 26: After receiving a complaint regarding the holding of fish competitions in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, several residents of various fish ponds in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, where the entrance fee is not less than 500/- (Three hundred) tyngka per category and a prize of not less than 15,00,000 /- (one hundred lakh) tyngka.
However, after the independence of India and the independence of Meghalaya, the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has acquired this land to accommodate only its own employees. illegal residents.
The team has conducted an investigation into the possession of the stolen money in connection with three complaints sent by the Central Bureau of Investigation, BF and SB. complaint against M/s Surana Industries Limited and others, M/s Surana Power Limited and others, and Surana Corporation Limited and others.
“The Government has had to take steps to ensure that there should be another urgent way to relieve the overcrowding in Shillong.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Känsing left the Congress party shortly after joining the party under the leadership of Bah Vincent Pala.
We understand the pain of the people of Manipur.
There are currently 3,000 tourists stranded in different parts of the state.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today said that the state government will open another testing center for Covid-19 within a month. at the Pasteur Institute in Lawmali.
Many of these youths who have been trained at these training centres, have expressed their satisfaction that they have been able to be trained at these centers and especially those who have been able to work.
Shillong, Naitung 08 : The Voice of the People Party (VOP) has extended its Behdeinkhlam greetings to the people of Niam Tre on this occasion.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 17: The HANM WKHD under the leadership of the President of the District, Bah Willstone Sohshang, on Tuesday visited and encouraged the children and families of the victims. who was raped and murdered in a horrific manner, which happened on the morning of the 14th of this month.
They found that the tyngba, can solve any five counts, at once and this time, they also predicted the country, which will win the World Cup.
When I was old, I didn't get a job, because I didn't know English.
The Jews were surprised and doubted because they did not believe that Jesus who healed on the Sabbath was sent by God from heaven who came in the flesh (Born in flesh) because they said that many knew and recognized Him. him.
In the second half, Mawlyndep FC scored 2 goals while Combined FC scored 1 goal before the referee stopped the match. .
Earlier, the Meghalaya Appropriation Bill (No.II) Act 2014 was passed.
Besides, special attention has been paid to the North East by looking into the region by all the Central Governments,” he said.
He said that the PMAY in the state has not yet been implemented because the state government is still preparing the requirements as stipulated by the central government. in the list of names.
He also spoke about other contents of tools developed for other purposes.
Fullmoon Kharshiing scored 36 runs from 41 balls and Ranjit Roy scored 16 runs from 14 balls.
“We don't know who Dr. Manoj is,” said Reginald.
Besides, they said that the presence of the Assam Battalions has intimidated the residents especially the movement of women and children.
Judging by these robberies of the Khasi in our own country, it has been slow because it has never happened anywhere that the villagers have been robbed in their own rympei.
:The new Pnar song, “Naduh wa wan mi!” will be released on the 1st of July
Tirot Singh had shown his fighting spirit and courage, but now there were many border guards who acted bravely and spoke bravely only during public gatherings.
Maharashtra, with 3,007 new cases, has surpassed China's 83,036 cases and has the 18th highest number of cases. The corona virus has spread around the world.
“Although there is a stir from above, the office bearers themselves have a strong love for the party and through this hope we hope that we will be able to come back to power in 2023,” he said. state.
If you don't feel strong enough or can't do what you promised, it's better not to talk Intermediate Lane, but just try to clean up.
He congratulated the parishioners of Pynthorumkhrah Parish who honored the founder of the parish, Rev.Fr.Peter Schiavone, who was the first spiritual leader of the parish and also the founder of the parish. and the donor to build a new temple.
According to a statement sent by RBYWO President Amberlight Masharing, Sengkmie and Banpynskhem Kharnaior, the RBYWO is deeply saddened by the increasing number of crimes. The robbers have decided to set up a wine store, which has increasingly destroyed the youth in the area, especially the school children and the youth who are still in the middle.
He said the party will continue to work for the welfare of the indigenous people.
Manchester City are top of the table with 29 points, Chelsea are second with 27 points and Liverpool are second with 27 points.
Due to the urgency of this issue, the meeting decided to meet again on 26th June to discuss and take a decision on this issue.
US Prosecutor Saritha Komatireddy said the Sinaloa cartel could not have expanded its drug trafficking without the help of Garcia Luna.
He said that if no one does not take the body within the stipulated time, the body will be cleansed according to the rules of law.
Nongpoh, November 28: Two Longkmie, who are also from Kiaw and Pyrsa, have died in a tragic incident which happened yesterday at Umeit, Ri Bhoi. The stone park in the village suddenly collapsed and buried these two Longkmie alive.
He said the government has done this for the safety of the children.
On this occasion, Dr. Karad also spoke to the doctors and staff of the center and thanked them for their hard work.
Regarding farmers, the BJP has promised to increase the financial assistance under the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Scheme from Rs 6,000 to Rs 8,000 per annum and also to increase the financial assistance under the Chief Minister's Landless Farmer Scheme by Rs 3,000 per annum. don bag lajong.
And it shall come to pass in that day, that there shall be a great mourning in Jerusalem" Zechariah 12:10-1
He said that the village has decided to curb the illegal entry and exit of foreigners into the village.
Samlin said that the appointment of Ministers is the responsibility of the Chief Minister and there is no need to say, but as it is a coalition government, the Chief Minister does not. He said it is up to the party to submit a written statement if they feel it is necessary to replace the ministers from within the party.
Speaking on the harmful effects of drugs, Dr. B Sumer in charge of Umkiang PHC said that drugs are harmful not only to the body of the user but also to the family.
He urged the State Government to grant subsidy and the Corporation has issued an Order to benefit the farmers who receive fertilizers through MECOFED. The Corporation has issued this Order to take into consideration the needs of the farmers.
This has also prompted the Chinese government and authorities to raise awareness among the residents so that they can prepare themselves for such times that threaten their sleep and lives. their.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said it is wrong to take any decision without knowing the truth.
Santa Mary Shylla, requested Prestone to help in providing the necessary roads to build roads in Narwan village and also in many villages in Sutnga-Saipung Constituency which do not have roads. The road is good and causes a lot of trouble to the people in coming and going.
Another program is that after the introduction of seeds, farmers exchange seeds.
Renikton said that if the GVK Company in charge of the operation of the 108 Ambulances cannot operate properly, the government should hand them over to others, so that the people will not suffer.
This is his sixth professional boxing title since winning the Marine Pro Boxing Promotion in 2022 in Mumbai. Professional Boxing which was held in 2022 and 2023 in Manipur and Delhi, and won in Gujarat.
Bah Shanlang Warjri, VPP Candidate from Mairang, in his speech, said that there are MLAs who don't even know how to distribute schemes, because they claim that they have distributed 100 percent schemes. “An MLA does not lead only the party that won him, but he leads the people of the MLA. the whole constituency,” said Bah Warjri.
Saul fell down, became blind, and repented completely.
He said that the issue of this issue shows a lack of leadership.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Jeling Tamu, who was the elder who came to Wah Ummiam together with Bah Mahamsing Sten, said that after the boat carrying six people fell, he They didn't go to the other side of the river because they didn't reach them.
Mukhla FC will be the third team to qualify for the semifinals of the 2023 Football Tournament (L) organized by the WJDSA.
He urged the people of the area to cooperate in all aspects so that there will be no interference in the works.
He said that many of the DPSPs such as panchayats, cooperatives and Right to Education have been converted into laws, and it is time to implement Article 44 of the Constitution.
It is said that while they were swimming in the river; and the water was suddenly high because of the rain.
In addition, Meghalaya has also implemented a new system in the procurement process of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in which health facilities must send the requirements and the Ministry will take immediate action. to do.
Premier Gopinath Bordaloi is a visionary and a farsighted man.
India is one of the oldest societies in the world with a rich debt.
At the same time, those who rob and those who allow robbery – whether they are politicians, government officials, police or citizens – shall not be subject to the punishment of the law in any form.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 29: The distance from Mawdet to Mainop village is only about four kilometers and the residents of the village are still using the road built by the timber traders in previous years. The people of the villages in the area use it to transport food, belongings and travel.
This decision was taken today after a meeting between the government and religious leaders from all over Meghalaya.
He said that if the government does not do anything on their demand, he is ready to take any measures, even if he is not part of the government.
Less than six months passed before I went on a journey with my mother.
PMGKAY AAY rice is less than 5 kilos per head.
“The stolen equipment includes a solar panel including a receiver, UPS and battery,” said Marweiñ.
During these three days, three resource persons, Samla Becare Me Oo Nongtdu, Kong Hildamary Pasi and Fr.
The Cabinet has approved the start of medical training at three centres, in Shillong, Tura and Ri Bhoi District.
The wild beast has a right to destroy the children of righteousness from the beginning.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there is a River Rejuvenation Committee, of which the PCCF is the Chairman, in which other government departments have also participated, for the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers. On the other hand, the Minister said that he will order to convene this meeting to discuss this issue.
Shillong: There have been 16 new cases of Covid-19 in the state today, said Dr A War, DHS (MI).
On the other hand, Dr. Shangpliang said that the MDA Government should set an example in giving Government land to the people of the State – the poor and landless as well as those who need to get land. stay.
Since then it has pushed me more and more until I am able to wear this crown," she said.
In the United States, 839 people have died in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 114,613, according to the Johns Hopkins University. three.
The team, which conducted the survey, said it has received more than 22,000 responses to questionnaires from residents in 293 districts.
On the other hand, the Working President of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA), Bah YG Lyngdoh, said that after the meeting of the committee held in the past few days, they have decided to introduce athletics. The Committee will take part in the Selection Camp to select the young men and women who will represent the Meghalaya Games 2022 in Shillong.
He said that since the day he started his strike and accepted the party's decision to strike, he said that until the government has approved to review the Reservation Policy, he will not cancel the strike. .
We strongly oppose this and we feel that before opening foreign trade, the markets in the State should be opened for the benefit of the small farmers and the people”.
Once again, the birds will fly.
Therefore, to move the equipment to other districts is something that as a leader of the people, he cannot accept.
When this reporter tried to talk to some of the elders in the area, they expressed their deep sorrow over the failure of the PWD department to complete the road for more than 10 years. The residents of more than 6 villages, when they intend to go to Nongpoh, have been affected by the lack of traffic. Vehicles in this small area, cannot pass through Umsning and this has affected the cost of travel, especially for those from poor families.
Meghalaya will prepare for their third match against Arunachal Pradesh on the 16th.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body has strongly condemned the statement by the EM Incharge Taxation of JHADC, Bah Winning G Sungoh through the media on July 15, that the allegation of the Seng is false.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Editors of various newspapers have met in Shillong in the past few days to discuss the issue of lawsuits against the newspapers. topic.
At the swearing-in ceremony, the former Governor will also come to Raj Bhavan to hand over his post to the Chief of Police.
Because this can lead to insecurity in the counting of votes.
I in the opposition have to go to the ruling party to request for development projects and sometimes those in the ruling party come to us to ask for support in some way, so we have to to deal with we have to work together.
He said that if the party finds those who violate the rules of the Election Commission and those who fight against them, the party will hand them over to the law enforcement authorities.
“The government has always said that it supports and encourages the youth who stand on their own feet and when they stand on their own feet why do they ban them?” asked Angela.
Speaking at the meeting, Sanjay Goyal stressed that Meghalaya, as an earthquake-prone state, the priority, along with other natural disasters, is on the preparation for the earthquake. happen in an earthquake.
On the 11th, Rymbai Wahshnong SC will play against Sutnga SSCC at 12.00 pm and Rymbai Iawpynsing will play against Shkenshynriah SC at 2.00 pm.
The doctor said that Anita Sing Rumnong came for treatment on 26th June, 2019 and the doctors rushed to examine her and found that her condition was not in good condition. She was suffering from high blood pressure and was found to have no water left, which led to the need to remove the baby by cleaning it and as soon as the baby was removed, she Thew and it weighs less than 1,900 grams, but it doesn't have any problems.
The residents who saw the child said that the child's leg was beaten by the ksew.
When asked whether the opposition parties have also argued on this issue, Bah Sniawbha said, “I cannot say on this but they know better what is right and what is wrong because they are public representatives.
He also gave the example of Nagaland, where in 1991, foreigners accounted for 87 percent and in 2011, 86 percent.
In addition, assistance to workers and those living abroad.
John Paul also requested all the public who have found or seen this bike to inform him by calling him on 9774420366 and 8794128913 and he announced that he will give I would like to thank anyone who has informed about this bike.
“The Governor has suggested to submit a letter to him on the 1st of October,” said Shylla.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The land dispute in Majai has shown that there is a difference of opinion among the chiefs of the Sohra Hima.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) today announced that they have decided to temporarily suspend the strike scheduled to be held from the 24th of this month. The Chief Secretary, Mukul Sangma, has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary on 30th November.
Mizoram has an airport, which can be used to travel via Guwahati, Kolkata and Delhi and perhaps Conrad's remarks mean that other leaders come by plane and do not walk faithfully on the road.
The welcome speech was delivered by Mr. George Shangpliang.
The Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary of the VEC are still in hospital and we cannot call a meeting to complete the social audit.
It cannot be said that the Government launched the State Aquaculture Mission in October
Pariat said part of the police ban was due to the incident of robbers shooting and beating people walking and standing, which happened in recent months, through the public march. Pariat strongly condemned the police for blocking the way for the members of the day laborers by comparing such incidents, because most of the laborers are women and longkmie.
It is honorable that you want to be identified with us as a family.
In Italy, the number of births in 2022 is only 393,000 and this is a very low birth rate and it is reported that most primary schools are empty these days because there are no more children, who did not attend these schools.
This time, the UDP and NPP will face each other to contest the common candidate again.
The TTT, Wahkhen, said that they invite all the people whether they come from households, groups or anyone else to visit and see the beauty of this stone and others. the creation of nature.
Shillong: The District Magistrate today announced the closure of the houses of Rakesh Prasad Sah, Anindya Deb and Ranadhir Pal, residents of RCC building. Kamlesh Roy (who lives with Julie Nongbet), Bishnupur Inverneil and D.Lyngdoh Nongpiur, Lawsohtun Block. 6.
At the same time, COMSO has urged the government to take action against these people from this area. “It is only for those who are employees of the Municipal and not for other foreigners who are illegally staying in this area,” he added.
When we get back what we want, it gives us rest or relief.
On the allegation of corruption, the BJP said that the CBI should investigate so that all the people can know the truth.
He urged us to take care of ourselves especially those who have no illnesses in their bodies because their immune systems are weak and cannot fight against Covid 19, ha The truth is that it is easier to treat this disease if a person has a healthy body by eating foods that build the body and taking medicines that strengthen the immune system to fight against it. pain.
The following are the cases, recoveries and deaths in the state:.
The foundation stone of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) has 9 villages, the Greater Water Combined Water Supply Scheme has 8 villages and the Mawrangranglang Combined Water Supply Scheme has 8 villages. There are 5 villages in Aug of Laitnong, 5 villages in Pyndenkseh, 5 villages in Mawthong and 2 villages in Umsaitshriew. There are 5 villages in Pawphlang Combined Water Supply Scheme, 6 villages in Domjajiew, 5 villages in Shaid Shaid and Umoid Combined Water Supply Scheme. There are 3 villages in the scheme, one village in the Rangdikhiew Combined Water Supply Scheme.
The Chairperson of the Provisional Town Vending Committee and Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board in a statement said that the inspection was conducted in accordance with the Street Vendors Act 2014 and “The Meghalaya Street Vendors (Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending Schemes 2023,” has been conducted by Committee No. UAU.5/2017/Pt.
“I believe that through this explanation, the readers and the people have been able to understand the beginning of the unrest in Shella village which has reached this point and has continued until now which has caused a great loss to the people. The whole village,” said the statement.
In the fiscal year 2022-23, 52,088 people have received treatment at the OPD clinics while 504 patients have stayed at the hospital for treatment.
Hek said four members of the FFC will find out the truth about the deterioration of the drugs.
“The family members came, but they requested that it should not be published in the news because they are afraid,” said a police chief.
This is the spirit of corruption.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the Mawkynrew Cup Committee who have worked hard day and night to prepare for this tournament and also to all those who have taken part in organizing this tournament. win.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Linus Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, said that the mountain has a rich heritage. The Raid said that the state government through the Tourism Department would like to introduce the name Nongpoh and other legends. to develop this place as one of the prominent tourist destinations in Ri-Bhoi District.
Gokulam tried hard to score but Lajong scored the second goal through Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 90+8 minutes before the end of the first half.
“There are families who are suffering from illness, who don't have enough money to buy other necessities.
Golden Lion FC will face Shillong Lajong FC and KMC Sonapur Assam in the semi-final of the 2nd Leg. which will be held on October 21, 2024 at the same venue.
The court has not yet rejected the CBI report,” she said, adding that within 10 days the court will take action on the matter.
The reason for the closure for one day is because there will be a public activity in the village on that date from morning till evening.
A 65-year-old man has lost his life on the 15th of this month after a large tree fell on him due to heavy rain and wind.
SCA scored 157 runs in 35 overs for the loss of 7 wickets.
“On the incident ha Mukroh, the state authorities should take and implement the force against the Assam police on that day as it did not happen in the areas where there is conflict,” said Saleng. .
Police also arrested Belina M Marak and Dilche Ch Marak, leaders of the BJP Mahila Morcha.
With this victory, Mynsngat has reached the quarterfinals of the tournament.
They say that even the graves of their beloved mothers and fathers are now in Bangladesh.
In Pool-B, they are (1) Govt.
The company has been selected from among 10 companies that have applied to partner to implement the scheme.
Emboklang's new talent was revealed when he took part in the U-12 Youth Development Football Tournament organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya. Bobby L.Nongbet, coach of the Youth Development Cell of Royal Wahingdoh FC, has been appointed as the coach of the Youth Development Cell of Royal Wahingdoh FC. Emboklang continued his career by being selected to represent the state in the Sub Junior National Football Championship, which was held at In 2016, he represented the state once again in Delhi and the team was led by Jeffrey Warlarpih and In 2017, he led the state again under the leadership of Bobby.
in this website does not work at all.
Rupang: The NPP and UDP as well as the BJP are working together in this government in the state and the NPP and UDP have their own candidate.
Eating and drinking healthy foods strengthens the immune system while those who do not eat healthy foods are weaker and more susceptible to TB. Under the National TB Elimination Program (NTEP), patients receive free treatment and medicines.
“In other places, if I give 3 lakh scheme, they spend only 2 lakh but in Mawkdok I help 3 lakh, they raise up to 12 lakh,” said Bah Chyne.
PSG on Tuesday, 8th November 2019, ordered Neymar to resume his career, but he did not leave without permission from the club.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Ram Mandir in Ayodhya.
At a young age he was selected to train at the Sports Authority of India in Shillong.
Phrowel Songthiang – President 2.
When someone speaks, we should be quick to listen but before we answer, we should think carefully.
Before the discussion, the children aged 13 and 14 years expressed and told many things which show that the main reason is poverty which leads them to go to work and encourage Taking into account the statements of these children, the Minister in charge of Labor said that the government has decided to stop the forced labor of children in any field. The Government will be ready to take measures to curb such forced labor and to release them.
Jowai, June 30: U Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Dinesh Maheshswari, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Judicial Magistrate's Court at Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills This is Saturday.
Rosetta Mary Kurbah, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong was also present as the chief guest who congratulated and praised the winners.
This repair of this road is a blessing to the residents of this area especially to those who are seriously ill because they have to go to Jowai for treatment.
When asked how he misused the 37 lakh, the KHADC cut his salary.
In another incident, Narayan Chakraborty lodged a complaint that on 8th June, unidentified robbers broke into his residence in Nongrimmaw, Laitumkhrah and stole gold. T.1.5 lakh, T.20,000 cash and two ATM cards.
Since the launch of the app, Rs 9.14 crore has been paid to ASHA workers across the state on time within a few months of its launch.
The implementation of the Smart Cities Mission is the beginning of a new era in urban development as a step towards transformation, encouragement of income generation, provision of Government services according to the modern, clean and sustainable environment, green public spaces, access to digital services, health facilities and hygiene, which improves cities.
“If we take into account the issue of resolving the border between Assam and Meghalaya, it is under the leadership of the NPP that the governments between these two states have agreed to move forward with this. border settlement".
For the next 24 hours, thunderstorms and lightning followed by heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
During his tenure as CM, PA Sangma, one of the most farsighted legislators in the state, passed a law that revenue from mineral resources such as dew ïong, maw shun and others should be implemented and used for the development of primary schools in the state.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 1,561 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 93,406, according to Johns Hopkins University.
He asked Jesus a question just to test Him and this we can also find in the Gospel of Matthew 22:35 “And one of them, a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him. understand that the central theme of this is “Love of God and Love of Neighbour”.
Robertjune Kharjahrin General Secretary of the HYC said that it was not a protest but a small meeting to express their opposition to the government.
“We will improve the Election Manifesto of the HSPDP and this task has been assigned to the President, General Secretary, Chairman and Secretary of the State Election Committee of the party to look into the improvement of the Election Manifesto. “It will be released to the public before the Legislative Assembly elections,” said Bah Pangniang.
According to this order, it is prohibited to put up any posters, hoardings, banners or other campaign signs in public places as well as on the streets.
On the other hand, the SDO of MEPDCL said that if any residents receive the electricity bill which does not match the method of using the electricity, they can contact him by bringing the electricity bill. so that he may immediately resolve the problem of the people.
(f) Manganese- helps in the production and activation of those enzymes.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad recalled the past when he had an interest in music as a young man, and that these dreams and aspirations of his are still in him. your thoughts.
The CID chief said there is no shortage of police in any district and the state police are sufficient but it would be better to have more police in the state.
On the other hand, TULBA also distributed prizes to the winners and losers.
Besides the problems faced by the Assam government and other problems, the residents on the Meghalaya-Assam border have been living without electricity for seven years.
The opening ceremony was conducted by HH Mohrmen, Leader of the Moosakhia Dorbar Shnong. Other speakers on the occasion were Barley Suting Secretary, Moosakhia Dorbar Shnong, Biraj Chakrabarty Nehry Yuva. Central Organization, Aitilu Kyndait and Pasqualina Lamare.
Shillong, July 27: The BJP on Tuesday said that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries to the Congress-led MUA-II government is not only to hold the MLAs to force the seats, but will wait for the decision. of the Meghalaya High Court on this issue.
Have you ever wondered how the word “Artatien” comes into being in Khasi?
The village leaders of Lapangap have stopped the construction of the road but the Karbi contractors have replied that they have received authority from Assam to continue the construction.
He said that on his part, he will look after all the members equally.
In his speech, Minister Duh said that this day marks a major step in the development of FM services by All India Radio for the conversion to FM in the whole country.
The meeting was held at Trysem Hall DC Office Nongstoin in the presence of Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC, Jambor War EM Elaka, Bajop Pyngrope MDC Rambrai Jyrngam, leaders of the four Himas including the Riangsieh, Nonglang, Jyrngam and Nongmynsaw kingdoms.
Therefore, regarding the HNLC and the peace talks, I think the best dialogue is with the government.
Shillong, Lber 20: In the establishment of various departments, the state government has shown that it has not gone smoothly for the various districts in the state.
Arena's decision to join the NPP came after she attended the NPP meeting in Mawsynram on Tuesday, 12th November, 2023 during the meeting of the office bearers of Bah HM Shangpliang. Arena said she will join the NPP in Shillong because she has not yet spoken to Grace Mary Kharpuri. NPP candidate of Shella constituency.
The family members of Arabella Lamare, resident of Mynthong Pohkseh, Jowai, passed away on
Shillong, October 9: The Meghalaya State Housing Board (MSHB) has yet to receive more than T.22 crore from the builders.
In Nongpoh, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, unfurled the flag and followed by the unveiling of the coffins by various government departments.
In the women's category, Sham Sham Secondary School won 4 gold, 2 silver and 5 bronze medals.
He was abducted by two men carrying weapons.
Furthermore, all shops in Umjakoit Village should be closed and any construction works should be stopped immediately.
“Until yesterday, no one has come to bring witnesses and after careful consideration, and according to the order of the High Court, it has been decided to extend for another 30 days to allow the residents of Iewmawlong area. I'm going to do this,” said Prestone.
After the arrest of the soldier, it was found that the killing of these soldiers had nothing to do with Singh.
He said that not only the Khasi newspapers have disappeared these days but even the English newspapers are facing such a problem.
The Seng also warns the traders not to bring in trucks owned by foreigners to trade illegally and for their own benefit to smuggle foreigners and deprive the small farmers in War Jaintia.
Syngkrem said that the claim of the Chief Minister of Assam is completely wrong and shows that he does not want anything for the forest of the residents of Mukroh and also for the village as a whole.
At the end of the match, Nihaar Manorama, who scored two goals for the team, was named player of the match.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday announced that the peace agreement with the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) will be signed. before the end of January this year.
His funeral service will be held on 21st June
He said that even if we don't have large factories but through the products we can produce we can increase income in the state and create jobs for ourselves without relying only on jobs. government.
· Containment Zones will be marked by the District Administration on a micro after considering the directives of the MoHFW with the aim of preventing the spread of the disease.
In terms of employment, we still lack those high-quality offices that can serve in all parts of the state.
In those with severe illness, the oxygen level drops to less than 94%.
He was the first MP to keep his promise to distribute the MP Scheme to the Hima and Elaka Dorbars and as MLA from Laitumkhrah he distributed the MLA Scheme to the Dorbar Shnongs. He also gave them the right to decide who and who will implement the scheme and he distributed the MLA Scheme to all the villages without discrimination.
They were sent to Berpata, Silchar in Assam and Agratala in Tripura.
Ex.Rev K LangrinWe all believe that the Revival in Khasi and Jaintia has happened three times.
The ABVP Jowai Unit, on July 26, sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills at his office to explain the need for assistance to the Deen Dayal Upadhyay Community College, Wahiajer. Nehu, in the development and improvement of this college which provides skilled training to the children of the area.
He has been banned for several days, but a French source said Messi will be suspended for two weeks.
Children should use them properly so that it will help them in their education and at the same time they can earn a living from it if they know how to use it”.
Therefore, the Rangbah Shnongs and Nongkitkam Shnongs are requested to attend the meeting on the scheduled day and time.
We have seen that in this self information and technology age, children are more intelligent and understanding than their parents and elders.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone toll free No.1697, or call the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
The eastern region is known as Ri Bhoi and borders the northern part of Assam.
These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.
A person prays – asks and informs, but not from the heart but only from the lips.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will call the KHADC and JHADC elections according to the rules of procedure.
However, the village authorities, led by Rangbah Shnong Bah Moonstar Marbaniang and Secretary Bah PW Shangpliang, have admitted that the land where the Mawjymbuin Crematorium is located belongs to the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram.
The distribution of free rice will start from 1st July to 31st November
There are 2 high risk contacts in Ri Bhoi.
The name and whereabouts of the suspect have not been released.
He said that the state government has allocated about T.2.77 crore for the block office at Mawkynrew and the construction will start soon.
For people who are still mentally ill and lack mental strength, social media becomes just a game and doesn't entertain them.
We invite all the people to come without fail so that we can raise one voice to the government and that is 'Implement the ILP in Meghalaya'
Youths from many villages especially from neighboring villages like Samanong, Mupyut and other villages came to take part in this training.
It is learned that Laitumkhrah is one of the constituencies where the MDC has violated the rules of the Wahumkhrah scheme where the MDC of that constituency has purchased an ambulance in his constituency.
In the end, Starling, a member of IBSWO, along with two friends Andrew Nicos Suchiang and Shabida Mynthlu, left for Laitkor and slept at the petrol pump inside their car.
In 1829, war broke out between the Hima Nongkhlaw and the British East India Company.
“We don't know if it's Savio or not, we immediately informed the police and after the police arrived we knew it belonged to Savio,” he said. young Amos.
However, the HYC has not given its right hand.
We can also continue next year if it hasn't been done yet," the source added.
Psiar village is located on the border of West Jaintia Hills District and is currently in the midst of a border dispute with the Assam government.
“As young people maybe we see everything, we shouldn’t think differently about life, of course, being at school, at home – they have their own problems, we come from different families -different and when we come to school we are friends," he said.
K. Bareh was named Name of the Match for 201 runs without an out.
The statement said that the collapse of the Balat road happened during the rainy months when the residents have been suffering from the increase in the price of beverages. .
She said that the shortage of tourists from outside the state may be due to the decline in income and income as the entrance fee to the tourist spot is 100 tyngka per head. but if you think carefully, a hundred pieces of silver per head is not enough.
The Forum has held various programs in which Christian church groups have had the opportunity to participate, and has also been able to bring about discussions and exchanges of views on other topics affecting the Christian faith and life.
Shillong, Naitung, 23: The two-day blockade by various civil society groups against the MeECL offices in Williamnagar has gone smoothly without any interruption.
Dr. Mukul Sangma's remarks came after the HNLC announced through the media that it has written to the Central Government to inform that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has not believed in the HNLC. talk peace with the party.
He said that he has many issues to work on for the Mawkyrwat Constituency and he will also go to urge the government authorities even though he has not done anything yet.
They even have difficulty walking and talking at the same time as people with dementia.
Shillong: A Bolero pickup (ML 05 S 1744) has collided with two blue and white Maruti cars including a bike.
Sources said that while the two fathers and sons were planning to cross the river to their village in Nongmallam, they reached a place called Wah Siangpliang. due to the size and strength of the river both of them were drowned.
He said that in the past five years they have taken decisions in the Cabinet, but the sad thing is that during the elections these same political parties have accused the NPP of being a bad party and this will come. This is the election in Sohiong constituency.
Rihun Langshiang Secretary Amlarem Block Unit said that the school teachers have appealed to the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui to take action on this demand. there are no problems later.
“They said that the people of the area are against because the land is 7413 acres of farmland and if they are allowed to sell it, they will farm and how can they survive if they lose their farmland. their.
Nongpoh, Nailur 08: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Sengkmie, on Tuesday, expressed its concern over the presence of some Rangbah Shnongs in the district, who take advantage of the price of land buyers and people who want to enter the village.
However, if you don't have your own vehicles, you will have 450-500 vehicles for 500 students.
Because on what basis will I make such a promise that I will be able to remove MUDA in 10 months,” said HS Shylla, MDC.
He said this while speaking as a guest at Kenches Trace.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla while distributing the donation congratulated all the villages who have taken the responsibility to set up Village COVID-19 Management Committees to fight against the spread of COVID-1 19.
Those who wish to register for the tournament will be held at Crinoline Swimming Pool from 9am to 4pm, Tuesday to Saturday until 6th July, according to a statement from Bah Ian A Lyngdoh, Secretary. , Meghalaya Swimming Association.
Last year, Nagaland police arrested a woman named Hema Choudhary from her home in Andheri (West) for making racist remarks against the Nagas in a video she posted on social media. 2.
He said the government should find more drinking water wells to supply water to the state.
For example, in 2017, Mizoram has issued a permit to motorcycles to transport passengers around Aizawl through the Two-Wheelers Taxi Service.
Referring to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, who has promised to terminate the soskular with GVK, the MEMRIWU leader said, “James Sangma has never said that we will not ( Government) trust this company and we will not extend the contract and we found in the report that the service of GVK has many shortcomings but even after finding the shortcomings but the Government is still extending the service (of GVK).
Replying to Sudhir's remarks, the Sena newspaper Saamana said, “Is the President under the leadership of the BJP or is the seal of the President in the BJP office? The BJP won 105 seats in the last elections, the Sena 56 seats and the NCP 56 seats. three to 54 members.
If the Khasi language is recognized under Article 10 of the Constitution, it is because there are such leaders in the Legislative Assembly and the society or the State will prosper if we elect intelligent people. what Art, what Poetry and those who know History well, not corrupt and selfish people.
Some of the key concerns added to the matter was corruption, pastors/theologians, Bible & most profound cannotation in the following paragraphs was “JUSTICE."However, the matter must not be exclusively look at only on the benevolence of politics synch with theology but the probabilities of errors must also be speculated in your kind research.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Congress Member Ravi B Kharmawphlang today resigned from the Congress party and sent his resignation letter to the party President Sonia Gandhi.
This is unacceptable,” said Bah Khongji.
Kishan Lyngdoh took one wicket, Ribiang Suchiang one wicket, Ram Chyrmang two wickets, Babu Singh two wickets and Ialammiki one wicket.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today presented the budget of the state for the year 2016-1
It should be erected straight, they say and you can understand why they say this.
“We expect that now there will be a right through the State Education Commission because the people who are there are already aware,” said Bah Shadap.
Nongstoiñ, November 10: The All India Trinamool Congress (ALC) on Friday held a public meeting with the new political party in the region and the state at Tiehsaw Village Square. Former Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has strongly criticized the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP, saying, “I was surprised to hear the word High Level when I turned to Jaintia Hills, to Ribhoi and now when I come to West Khasi Hills I hear the same thing.
He also trained that BAM members should be dignified while in uniform, should avoid smoking or using bad words and should not misuse their IDs. any personal activities.
“The officers involved in human rights violations have been promoted in this government,” Sangma said.
However, these traders, who number less than 100 men and women, have met with the Minister of the Hima and expressed their concerns such as benami, the right of Dkhars to set up shops and others.
“However, the court at that time urged us to implement the State Reservation Policy since the beginning of the implementation of the State Reservation Policy,” he said. The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has decided to suspend the implementation of the Roster System until the State Reservation Policy has been finalised.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has launched an investigation into the theft of the SSLC results. this is the result.
Pyniaidsing Syiem -NPP-1534-(11343)Highlender Kharmalki- INC-1470(10468)Norbert Marboh-IND-352 (1266)Erson Marwein -IND-47 (293)Arbiangkam3 kharsohmat-IND()Nota-48(176) 154).
Lajong beat Rangdajied 3-0 in the semi final of the 1st leg of the tournament and with these goals they have gained more confidence to qualify. Shillong Premier League champions Mawlai scored only one goal against Khliehmawlieh in the final.
Uttam Dhar from Real Sports India said that the RUNSAFARI 2022 was held as part of the promotion of tourism in Mawlynnong and trade between the border villages and Bangladesh. young people should avoid drugs.
Rejecting the statement of UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, Shibun said, “That's right, you have to ask Dr Don”.
“With the rapid increase in the use of technology in many fields, Digital Literacy has become essential for all people from children to adults, technology is indeed essential to know, It also helps in many areas such as financial transactions and others and helps to avoid financial frauds, which have emerged through the increasing number of social media platforms. From time to time, people are written and thanked,” said Dilip Kumar.
Mulang Ïalong scored the first goal in the first half through Samith Pale.
These villages where the EJDCA distributes food items include Pynthorsale, Lumshyrmit, Lumputhoi, Dienshalu and Mookhep.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) today urged the people of Meghalaya to follow the guidelines issued by the Meghalaya government especially the health department in order to prevent the spread of the disease. against the corona virus.
This reporter also spoke to Bah Edward Kurbah, Secretary Hima Marbisu to inquire about the incident. , he said he had not heard of any such incidents from Marbisu area, and he said he did not know where those incidents came from.
In Mumbai, 18,555 people have been infected and 696 have died.
Anyone who has seen or knows of these persons is requested to inform the Police Stations of the State or neighboring States, so that these missing persons can be found.
The Minister of Agriculture, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Government of Meghalaya, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, was also present at the exhibition. Sohtrun and other agricultural products produced in the state.
He became the first Khasi to receive an Engineering Degree.
It has won three, drawn five and lost five so far.
He said that the same advice was given to him when he was in charge of the Liquor Department as a Minister of State.
The construction of offices even in the most remote areas of the state is to enable Government employees to provide services together.
Some of the villages in SWKH and WKH which have been included in Garo Land include Dangar, Umlyngkut, Riangmaw, Nongbrot, Nongmaweit, Nongkhnum, Aradonga, Byrnihat and other villages which are not well recognized on the map because they are covered with iong marks.
Bhim was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong for a throat swap test, but on Tuesday he escaped from the hospital.
Besides, the lack of drinking water in Jowai and other neighboring villages is facing water shortage due to the inadequate water distribution system by the PHE department,” said Ma Philemon. Jowai and they live in darkness and there is no group or organization to speak or convey the voice of the people to the government departments to provide their services.
Recently, it was heard that a machine that can dispose of plastic or the so-called, Solid Waste Management Plant, which with scientific knowledge, can dispose of plastic and make compost.
Violence is like being beaten, raped, tortured, even trafficked.
The President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the party is pleased that many young people have come to join the party to become the soldiers of the nation and the purpose. The purpose of the party is to strengthen the service for the cause of the people.
On Saturday, Laitkor led Laitkor to the final of the Women's League 2023 by scoring a hat trick against Lumparing to win 4-1
Regarding the increasing number and encouragement of Khasi to sell land in the area, Bah Latiplang recalled that when he was in charge of the Trade Department of KHADC, he had inquired thoroughly about them and their equipment. “Kiba bunbah said that it was found that they were not their property but Benami people who did not own the property of foreigners and had no proof to say that it belonged to them. we have encountered such cases,” he said.
Secondly, to establish a Village and Town Administration Department to oversee the implementation of the Building Bye Law which will help to generate revenue for the Council through building fees.
In relation to THOHDUR and other parts such as the thir jaiñ area, there are many shapes which in English is called DESIGN. KHMAT.There are many types of dresses, especially in the clothes that are still available in Ri Bhoi, in different raijs, especially in the clothes related to religious rituals, especially in Sajer.
The JYF, HNYF-JHU, KSU-JHU, HNPF-JHC, FKJGP-JH, JSU and other new parties took this decision at the public meeting. About 100 people were killed at Mission Compound, Jowai.
The elders of Muktapur village on the night of 11th July 2020 have arrested a Bangladeshi Khar suspected of robbing and injuring two Khasi at Lad Darang Dawki.
Besides, he said it would be difficult to stop the use of plastic in every shop and the easiest way to stop is to ban their sale.
According to a statement from Samla Ulysis Ryntong General Secretary of the Seng, these foreigners did not have work permit and labor license and could not even prove that they are Indian citizens.
The program was known as the Rally Against Tobacco with the signature campaign on the theme “My Meghalaya, Tobacco Free Meghalaya”.
Therefore, the VPP requests the Minister to take immediate action on this issue which has affected the children and the staff of the office.
On the last day, a special screening of a film directed by Bah Raphael Warjri entitled – Apot was also screened.
He was born on 10th July 1960 in Mawlai.
In this meeting with the Branch Manager, the KSU demanded to improve the services of the bank to the public such as the provision of machine update passbooks, late arrival of bank staff and theft of time of the public during eating and drinking. to day, which has affected the people who have to walk long distances in many villages.
If the arrangement goes smoothly, the CEM seat will be handed over to the NPP while the Deputy CEM seat will be handed over to the Congress without consulting the other Executives. Member.
Musk said that for now, they will focus on treating those with mental illness and the size of the device will be about 10 inches in diameter and will be the size of a smartwatch and there, a robot will be activated that will connect to the device, which is located in the human brain.
“As a Khasi Khara, we must not forget this sport which has existed since ancient times, we must not forget the colors of the nineteenth century”.
Speaking to media, UHM President Charlie Rani said that according to the PCCF of the Forest Department, the order to evict the shopkeepers in the area is because The Government has decided to build a park in Umdiengpun.
The deceased was identified as Tyngshainlang L.Marshillong, 30, of Pyndenspar, Jakrem.
And we know that in our hearts that for the United States of America, the best is yet to come. ) – (Ref.
I try to bring you the historical symbols and leave it to you readers to judge and interpret.
Nongpoh, June 03 : The failure of MeECL to install a transformer in Umlyngkdait (New Tasku) village, Ri Bhoi District, has caused concern among the village leaders. and also the residents of the village who said that due to the inability to install the transformer, the children or even the livestock inside the village could be endangered.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 11 cases and 10 cases are from outside the state.
On the UDP's demand to amend the Bill, Bah Nongrum said the EC welcomes any suggestion for improvement.
In this regard, the officials visited the seven villages affected by the incident.
Samlang Rympei scored two goals for PFR Academy in the 64th minute and Fairming Suting in the 80th minute.
“He also confirmed this on the income of the farmers not only in Mawsynram but also in the State as a whole where forest products including synsar, tyrpad sla and sohmarit have now become agricultural products. On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang in his welcoming speech expressed his gratitude to the government for their willingness to recognize them as agricultural products. Please join us to support the 2023 MLA elections.
He said that in the past, the church used to hold only 2 or 3 Masses, but now that the Mass will be held for only one hour, the church has decided to hold only 2 or 3 Masses. increase the number of masses so that all the brothers and sisters can participate.
Khliehriat, July 22: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, in an order to prevent the spread of covid-19, has urged the The elderly, the elderly, youth over 18 years of age and children over 12 years of age should take this opportunity. Prevention of covid-1
The surprising thing is that instead of working together for social problems, they work together with each other to promote their own country and fight each other without equality.
Others who were present on the occasion included ND Das, Asst Director (PE & Sports), NEHU cum Organizing Secretary and Principal of BBS College, Shillong.
The KSU said that the BSF on the border have not done anything to stop the smuggling of Bangladeshis, while the BSF on the highway have been harassing and harassing the indigenous people. let's go.
On the other hand, treatment for affected animals will be through anti-inflammatory drugs, antihistaminics, antibiotics, immunity boosters and the use of antibiotics.
A visit by non-BJP political groups to Manipur since Saturday has criticized Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the He said that he has been listening to this incident and has shown a lack of awareness of the situation in the North Eastern States.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen him to call
However, it is understood that the government will try to implement the new 5th Pay Commission in November.
“There is no problem in calling for talks but the HNLC should surrender first and come for talks without any conditions,” he said. South Tura in Shillong.
“Why didn't you inform the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) about this incident?
This structure needs to be strengthened if those who are there want to work for the Jaitbynriew.
Jowai, July 2: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) on Tuesday opened a hostel for the boys of the North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) Orphanage Home. Sah sniang, in the presence of NEIMA members and Pastor Rev.BD Shangdiar. Before the opening ceremony, the JSM started the meeting with a prayer led by Tbn.MK Lapasam Chairman of the meeting and Chairman of the Mission of NEIMA. The welcome speech was delivered by Bah A.Lathong, Secretary of the Unit of NEIMA. Before the opening ceremony , JSM members including A. Summer President Narpuh Circle , Pilarstone Phawa President West Circle , La Leningstar Rymbai General Secretary Lamsuk Langstang President HNYF and B. Rymbai President NWYF. In his speech, the President of JSM Deogratias Kyndait, who was the chief guest, said: He said that as the Sengbhalang they should look forward to all aspects for the life and death of the people, and the room where they donate to the orphanage in Sahsniang is also a small service of ours. for the nation.
This has not only helped the Ministry of Agriculture but has also helped to create jobs for these youths”.
“This will be a temporary government and not a long-term government,” said Zabihullah Mujahid.
The union said that there is not a single large hospital in the area and it will be more convenient for the people if the Western By Pass runs smoothly as planned by the government like Mylliem, Sohra, Mylliem, Sohra, Pynursla, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Ri-Bhoi and other places and it will be closer to Laitkor.
The Branch Manager promises to take care to improve and address the needs of the people.
Seven members of SBUK, who passed away, were remembered by Bah Bindo M Lanong, who remembered that they were members who took part in the sawangka. There is no SBUK called 'The Kingdom of Heaven'
Similarly, Waheh Shnongs and Aganwadi workers can be phoned or asked about the arrival of registrants in the villages.
Kalpana is the daughter of Meenu while the injured child is Kalpana's son and Meenu's grandson, a five-year-old child named Aditya Thapa.
On the other hand, the union strongly requests the relevant authorities from the Sordar Hima Mawlong, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the government authorities to leave without informing them before going to the Governor for investigation. The union also demands that they be punished according to the law.
Ukraine said Russia fired the missiles at about 2:30 am on Tuesday morning, and the incident came after Ukraine had managed to Russia has shot down 15 of the 18 missiles fired by Russia at Ukraine.
Although the daju left the meeting with disappointment, Minister K Langstieh announced that the uniform will come into force from tomorrow and those who do not wear uniforms will no longer be allowed to wear them in the market.
To make this day more memorable in these two villages, a song was witnessed by the elders of Umphrup Village who sang encouraging songs regarding the water shortage.
Agricultural Secy- Kilius Mayang.
“How can we accept that these villages should fall under Meghalaya or Assam because we are still writing, we are still accepting that these villages should fall under Meghalaya,” said Bah Tynsong.
On the other hand, the owners of the houses have also requested various groups, including the leaders to provide assistance to the family so that they can rebuild their houses so that they can live in them as they are poor families. .
It is surprising to hear that he still wants to leave KHNAM-A and KHNAM-B, doesn't he know which way to form a new party and which way to become President? Before going to the ECI, the MLA collected the EPICs of 100 people and made an affidavit stating that they had elected him as the new President, but they did not know where their EPICs were misused. too.
He said that as the people have given their trust, he will continue to work hard so that the constituency will be as prosperous as it was during his 40 years as MLA.
Banrisuklang Lyngkhoi, a student of St. Francis Assisi Higher Secondary School, Siejlieh, said that she was shocked to see the destruction.
However, we understand that it is not easy to set up a Secretariat in Tura within a few months.
Speaking at the meeting, the Additional Superintendent of Police, MPS, Banraplang Jyrwa, urged the children and everyone to avoid drugs. “Drugs, you choose death,” he said, adding that the police department will continue to take action to curb the smuggling of drugs and if anyone is found smuggling drugs, the police will arrest them. “We, the police, will stand firm, but we alone cannot fight against drugs, but we need the cooperation of all,” he said. , that they should focus only on their studies and urged all the residents that if they see any newcomers, unknown persons from other places who bring any kind of “Because there are many children from 15 to 20 years old, he said that the society in East Jaintia Hills District should be free from drugs. “It is our duty to help children to get rid of the disease and the dangers of drugs,” said Bah Kyrmen Shylla. urged children and youth to avoid drugs and say 'Yes' to drugs, encouraged children to be He encouraged one of the youths of the district who has lived a new life that he should not feel different and should not hesitate to teach others about the danger of drugs, so that through it it will be an example to others to get rid of drugs.
Is the Health Department of Meghalaya a State Department or a Central Government Department?  The KSU demands that the Government should immediately resolve this issue and urges it to be the employer of the state residents and not of foreigners,” said the Seng.
From school, college and university students and even teachers were eager to conclude their programs by dancing “Ka Jingrwai Prah.
The central theme of his training was the Role of Entrepreneurship in Nation Building.
The Nigerians were arrested after they failed to produce proper documents to enter the country.
Bah AH Shadap said that the village, which was born from Umtngam, has about 40 households and added that the Rangbah Shnong has the right to look after only the life and development works in the village. and the land shall be under the jurisdiction of the governor.
Gillroy Tariang will contest against Deputy CEM of JHADC Lamdibok Sumer.
According to the report, Begusarai in Bihar and Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh are the most polluted cities.
TMC West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should step down after the BJP in India won 29 seats in India. West Bengal.
Furthermore, the increase in poverty is due to the lack of employment opportunities here, where there are still few factories and even if there are, they do not provide employment to the people as they should.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has given 10 days to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to cancel the Schedule Tribe registration of a Bengali who belongs to the Rymbai clan.
There are no MVacts or Registration parameters.
Besides Bah Janis, there will also be singers from Ri-War including Simpah Simsong from Ri-War, Bah Anthony Kongwang, other singers who will also participate in the event. They are Onlin Khongniur, Kermon Suting, Korshon Khongjee, Marshal Khongstid, Priem Khongngai, Ibarihun Khongsdam and Kyrpad Khongsdam.
The purpose of establishing this Association is that we the Passed-Out Students or Alumni of this College as a group can join hands to contribute in any field as much as we can. for the good of the Seng Khasi College in the future.
He said that once the report of the investigation is received, no decision will be taken on this matter, but at present the NPP cannot take any decision. Let the investigation be completed and we will take the necessary action on this.
A case under Section 509 (2) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) has been registered against an unidentified person, Mumbai police said.
Later, it was brought back during the tenure of CEM Bah Teiñwell Dkhar and Bah Titos as EM of Land.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 5,582 and the death toll has risen to 70, with five deaths from East Khasi Hills District.
According to the BJP MDCs, Jaintia Hills as a whole is rich in mineral resources, tourism, factories, etc. There is still hope to revive and revive this council.
Therefore, the US authorities have warned and ordered Haitian citizens to leave Haiti immediately while they have the opportunity to leave, in order to avoid any tragic incidents and dangers. who surround them.
There is also a deficit of teachers. The government has fulfilled all its promises.
On the approval of the Cabinet for the extension of the age limit for employment in the state, he congratulated the MDA government by saying that he hopes that the four issues are in the hands of the MDA government. the government cannot achieve it if it has the will.
“We will not withdraw the complaint after the President of the KSU has apologized to the public for putting up such flags and slogans,” said BJP Youth Leader Amitesh Chakravorty, Leader of the KSU. The BJYM has lodged a complaint against Bah Lambokstar Marngar, Leader of the KSU, for alleging that the Bengalis in the state are Bangladeshis.
The District Magistrate has received a report that the spread of plastic bags, thermocol and other garbage has affected the rivers from Myntdu, Umiurem, Myntang, Umngot, Mynkjai, Mynriang and others.
Peter Kylla, President of KSU Umsning Circle, Bah B. Kharnaior, President of HNYF Northern Region and Bah S. Nongkseh, Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongjri Pyllun, strongly condemned these people.
In the inspection, which was accompanied by Bah C.Syrti, SP of Ri Bhoi, Kong RM Kurbah, she said that not only did she inspect the documents, but in the morning she found that there were trucks carrying coal without the documents. She also sent the drivers to take the Tyrpals and show the goods carried by these trucks.
The training will last for more than ten (10) months, which will include study and practical.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has slammed the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, for allegedly appointing ISIS. Your people are in the District Council.
The Shillong Province Youth Icon Award was also presented to Wanrida Pyngrope.
Jowai, June 17: The Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM) has organized a union of teachers in the lower primary (LP), upper primary (UP), secondary and higher secondary schools of the two schools. The District Council of West and East Jaintia Hills on Saturday held a meeting at Tympang Club, Iawmusiang, Jowai.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by the Minister of Education and Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Rev. GS Lytan, Moderator of KJP Mihngi Synod. , Governing Body, TJSC, Principal of College Dr.D.G.Lyngdoh, Prafulla Kumar Boro, MCS: Additional Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District Shri.Bikram D.Marak, MPS, Pastor, Tymmen Basan , members of Women's Assemblies in addition to faculty and students.
On hearing this promise, the union promised to cooperate with his office and the union decided to follow up on this matter.
The MLAs have not given any information on the incident, but the Congress has alleged that it was money paid by the BJP to overthrow the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha government. and the Congress government, said Bandhu Tirkey.
Hindus, Muslims, Khasi...everyone feels that way.
“We should have confidence in our police, they hold their job, they have the knowledge, the skills, the language and they can go here and there to see,” he said. and bring good luck".
The increased patrolling by the Army in the border areas of the country has resulted in the seizure of more than 2000 cows from different border areas of Meghalaya since July
The delegation was led by NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar and KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah.
Shillong: It would be good for the PWD department to hand over the building which has been under construction for many years.
HSPDP General Secretary Enbin K Raswai said a group of members sent by the party will submit a petition to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in Delhi next month to demand the release of the The Khasi Jaintia Hills State.
On 16th November 2023, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Government of Assam and Meghalaya have immediately handed over the shooting incident to the Mukroh Government. Samvaad (published by the Tata Steel Foundation) has released the song '(meaning in the heart of Mother) which means in Khasi, “(in English means Lullabies), This is a new book of this song published by the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) Press on 19th November, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand.
The FKJGP will soon convene a meeting of the Education Cell to discuss this demand with the State Government, said a statement from Eldie N Lyngdoh, General Secretary, FKJGP-Central Body.
In fact, Bah Himalaya should have been welcomed by Bah Lapang, but due to his lack of health, he had to leave and was handed over to Bah James Lyngdoh.
When inquired by the National Vice President of the BJP, Chuba Ao, he said that there was nothing wrong with the meeting with Dr. DD Lapang. Dr.DD Lapang, but this meeting was only to hand over the letter to Dr.DD Lapang that the BJP party honors him as the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya and for many of his works. has contributed to the development of Meghalaya.
If the sick person is a father, the wife and children prepare a meal at home for him.
The houses that have been placed under micro containment in Loompyrdi Iongpiah belong to Iada Paswet, Pher Paswet, Rasa Kyndiah and Mienbha Kyndiah.
The incident happened on the 29th of this month, when the Heprit along with two of his brothers, went to sum in the Pung, but one of the brothers of the victim was killed. Heprit, 10 years old, had fallen into the pond, but at that time there were other children who saw that the brother of Heprit, 10 years old, had fallen into the pond. The 10-year-old brother went down to the pond to rescue his brother.
He said the Indian Council for Child Welfare was established in 1952 and plays a role in the welfare of children.
On the other hand, the CoMSO strongly condemns the statement of Mukul Sangma.
Bateimon Pamshong, Psychologist Civil Hospital gave a briefing on the issue of drug abuse. A drama on the issue of anti-drug abuse was performed by the students of Martin Luther. Christian University together with the youth of Pahamsyiem Village.
Meanwhile, Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh said the government has no information that the Assam government will conduct the NRC for the people living on the border.
LD Lakiang, Rangbah Shnong of Ladthadlaboh, who was also the convener of the meeting, said that the purpose of the meeting was to ensure that the area falls within the boundary of any Dorbar Shnong.
However, as it appears that the state government has not done anything with the KSU, it feels that it is not necessary to waste time to appeal to these government departments, but to appeal to the NGT. Assam, he said, the state government has banned the sale of pork in the state.
The Registrar of North Eastern Hill University, Prof. SR Joshi was the chief guest and MLA Mawlai Constituency, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang was the chief guest.
Until now, the Adhoc teachers have continued to sit in front of the gate of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) office.
At the same time, he encouraged the fish farmers in the aquariums to strive to breed more fish and how fortunate it is for the people of this area that they have now been able to get these fish to country in the aquarium in their living rooms.
Across Shillong, various political parties like the KSU, HYC and others, various groups and school children today paid tribute to the memory of Myllung Soso Tham by laying flowers at the statue of Myllung Soso Tham. who is standing in the State Central Library.
Small pox also killed thousands of people in ancient times.
The protest by the residents of Lakshadweep is against the decisions taken by Patel, which have taken to destroy the livelihood of the people in the dew lynnong, which has up to 97 percent of the population. who is a Muslim.
Today, is the first time that there has been a second discussion on the border demarcation since Conrad Sangma was re-elected as the Chief Minister of the state.
“It is through the cooperation of all the groups and the people by following the protocols, we can fight together, and this is the only cure,” he concluded.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills on Monday decided to meet with the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong, Assam to urge to stop the operation of the Border Police Outpost at Saba village.
MCCLEU leaders today met the Managing Director of MCCL Sanjay Goyal to urge him to release the salaries of the employees which have been pending for 40 months.
She said that if the state government wants the HNLC to come to the negotiating table, it should not take this issue for granted but should take action.
Continued stress can damage the blood vessels and lead to high blood pressure.
At the same time, he said that without doubt, the Congress in Meghalaya will form a government again after the upcoming MLA elections.
“From this definition of 'Forest', the Government understands that any land with four hectares of land without 250 trees cannot be considered as a forest and will fall under the Forest Conservation Act. Forests less than four hectares do not require approval from the central government,” he said.
Suryakumra Yadav has continued to improve his T20Is career in 2022, scoring 1164 runs at a strike rate. 187.43 and these include 75 6 runs, which is something in which no batsman in this tournament has scored so many runs in the program of the year. .
The road from Madan Laban Bridge through the house of Kong Tngen Rynjah to the house of L) Hamlet Rani was named after Moshondro Roy.
Regarding Bah Samlin, some said that he has tried as an MLA to bring development projects in the constituency, but they don't know whether these development projects will attract the vote of the people.
Such people do not understand the meaning of Drama.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 10: The preparations for the MLE Election 2023 have progressed with all the candidates from the two constituencies, 36-Mawkyrwat and 35-Ranikor. The registration process will be held on the 7th June, 2023 and on the 8th June, 2023, the scrutiny will be conducted at the Multipurpose Hall DC's Office, Laitlawsang, South West. Khasi Hills District.
The speakers urged everyone to work together and understand each other for this life and death issue of the border.
Sri Ram Jha won the Best Player of Board-A, Matta Vinay Kumar won the Best Player of Board-B, Kiran Manisha Mahanty won the Best Player of Board-C. Swati Ghate won the Best Player of the Year award went to Mahender Mapri.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Nagaland on November
Meanwhile, the HYC said that recently the employees of Maheshwari Company have mined uranium at Kulang in Nongjri South West Khasi Hills without informing the public.
In another innings, the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) failed to bat first and managed to score only 86 runs in 16.4 overs.
The Supreme Court today approved the resumption of the Rath Yatra in Puri, which was banned by the Odisha government due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
“Water is life and without water no one can live,” he said.
However, only Niakha Duh, who used to help Rida, was still waiting for Rida's mother to come out to their house to tell her about the road she had taken. .
“This convention was held to discuss the intention of the Government of India to implement the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
In the women's 16 category, Jessica Thongni of Nativity Higher SSM (6.11) came first, Julita Kharsyiemiong of Jakrem Presbyterian HSS (6.01) came second and The third is Badashisha Nongrem and Nonglang Secondary School (distance 5.90).
Another violence by Assam has started in Baikam village, which is on the border of East Jaintia Hills and Assam.
You have the right to approach the Court with a petition within six months after the election.
You have gone from ILP (Inner Line Permit) to RIP (Resident Inner Permit).
Because before Satan kills a person, he frightens him until he loses hope.
Secretary General, Umesh Sinha said that this meeting is an opportunity for all to look at their views and accept new views.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle today demanded that the district administration of Shillong Civil Hospital should punish the pharmacist of Shillong Civil Hospital for violating the law. quarantine rules.
Inspector Haban is Daniel Nongrum's fifth film.
He said it is a fact that the EVMs are not sufficient to conduct the polling.
In the play off of the girls' category, Shallang Block beat Rimuliang Block by 4 goals to 0 goals. reached the semi final of the women's category.
The news reporter said that the BGB illegally entered the village without any prior notification just to stop the Repairing work activities of the Road.
In the polling at 11 pm, Tein received 17 votes while Hadrian Lyngdoh, the candidate of the People's Democratic Front (PDF), received 10 votes and two defeats.
This happens frequently in this village because of the distance from the water tanks and they spend a lot of time repairing the water tanks.
Changes that will continue to affect us human beings.
Their films are different, they appeal to the minds of the viewers, they have their own themes or genres.
I believe we have understood clearly not only the meaning of the word 'retrospectively' but also the meaning of the word 'prospectively'
Shillong: A young man from Garo Hills has won the title of the winner of the 9th Horsepower Challenge
“At present, the people of East Jaintia Hills District are facing a lot of difficulties especially since the outbreak of covid-19 which has affected their income due to the lack of jobs of the people especially those who work in contracts. day.
Regarding the demand to remove the illegal residents from the area, the DC said that the area is in court and it is difficult to remove them.
However, the KSU has expressed its surprise that this year, although there has been no more coal mining due to the NGT ban, the color of the river has changed increasingly and the KSU said that it cannot accept it. The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit had lodged a complaint against the blue color of the Lukha River during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. DD Lapang. On the other hand, Bah Lapang acknowledged and alleged that the dumping of waste from the dewbilat factories is the main cause of the death of fish in the river and said to stop the issuance of NOCs to the dewbilat factories. affecting drinking water sources, the statement said.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the BJP, Bah Bashailang Khongwir, said that no decision has been taken yet but there have been discussions in the past few days.
The search for the body of the man started at 1 pm and until now, the Municipal staff are still doing their utmost to search for the body until they have found it.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Mawtnum requests others to be vigilant not to give money to anyone without appearing and verifying it with the Dorbar Shnong, so that they will avoid the accident. At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has warned these 3 persons not to continue to commit such acts of fraud and if the Shnong finds them, it will take strong action and hand them over to the authorities. The Dorbar Shnong Mawtnum has decided to take the necessary action.
This freedom is not irrational but a responsible freedom that comes with some degree of connectedness attached.
Forme Kharsahnoh said that the reason why he thought of building this box was after he saw that he could not produce or raise many cows.
Therefore, those who have been appointed offciate or contract have to be dismissed according to the rules laid down in their appointment letter.
The National Health Mission Employee Association, West Jaintia Hills Unit (NEAM-WJH) has donated T.50000/- to the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund (CMRF) for COVID-1
That change in blood sugar levels and the increase in insulin production coupled with that insulin resistance can lead to diabetes.
“We don't accept this arrangement of the state government because the relocation of this office will only disrupt the working methods of the PWD North Division as well as the people who need this office from different villages,” he said. but Alan.
The YMCA Shillong has held a program as part of the Christmas celebration on the 6th of this month at the Bharat Scouts and Guides Hall in Laban, Shillong.
The state government needs to expedite the process so that the people can get the assistance from this scheme of the state government.
The Minister reviewed the MGNREGA, PMAY-G, NRLM, RGSA and other special programs of the Government.
But when they had covered the houses with new tin, they slept like that man under the shade of a tree.
In a statement, Sushit K Choudhury and Kalpana Choudhury said that when such incidents happen, they are blamed on unknown robbers and this has been happening since
The law says that if you die for the first time, you don't have to pay a heavy fine, but if you continue to die for doing the same thing, you don't have to pay a fine. the authorities of the law, that they may be punished more severely.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today asked the Meghalaya government what it has done on the remarks of a leader of the Karbi Students Association (KSU). (KSA), who told the media that the Seng will make Manipur if they lose their land.
Union Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs Anurag Thakur was also present at the conference.
They have won us by that trick to deceive our MLAs and they will be able to rule peacefully.
At the same time, there are teachers who have a special talent who, even if their education or rank is not high or adequate, but they have their own talent to teach and convince. kids.
Khliehriat, July 24: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Bataw Unit in a statement sent through the President of the FKJGP, Samla Deihok Sumer, has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of the President of the Federation. Heimonmiki L. Tariang, Head Quarter Bataw, Lakadong & Rymbai District, this morning at 4 pm.
He also played well in his T20 debut in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy last year and has shown his skills.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, after hearing the voice of the village leaders from six villages, announced to set up a special committee to clean up the Wah Lukha and promised to allocate special funds through the DMF. wow Luke.
The total number of candidates who have passed the MTET has reached 4470 including Upper Primary and Lower Primary.
Police have seized the Bolero he used along with the documents including the IB manual.
At the time of writing, there was a shooting and it is not known whether it was a shooting from the police or the civilians. , who was born in that place.
It is a most special moment, full of honor and humility.
Speaking to the media, the people expressed their reasons why they voted for the candidates.
Diamond Sawkmie, who sells sying, said, “We have seen in the newspapers and we are shocked to make such an unfair allegation that money has been collected by force. I would like to thank you for this donation as we do every year, who are those people who don't sell themselves so much we are here tell them to come forward I'll see,” said Diamond Sawkmie.
“However, when I came back to Mawkynrew, they alleged that Bah Pai (Banteidor Lyngdoh, who holds the post of Minister of Agriculture) was not a foreigner,” he said. Help the Khasi Pnar people around the world.
Kim didn't say anything, but she said she was right.
Police have received a tip that carpenters in Umtrew, Ri Bhoi District, have fled into the forest and these people have returned to their villages, said a statement from the Superintendent. of the Bhoi Police.
The PWD (R) office of Mawkyrwat Division together with other departments within the South West Khasi Hills District through contractors have sent JCBs to clean up the area. the grounds that cause traffic jams.
It was also decided to demand that the government should issue ration cards to all those who have already submitted their documents to the Food and Supply Department from 2020-2
“For my part, I am still with the Congress until the end of this term because I have not decided now, I want to finish my term first, but it is over. I'll take the decision to join another party.
He said the border talks will also continue with Meghalaya as the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma wants to complete the pending process as soon as possible.
During the meeting, it was discussed that the price of oil has dropped significantly around the world and therefore the oil companies should ensure that the price should come down immediately.
However, the sad thing is that after a few months, there are problems that do not allow the MDCs to work and fulfill their duties, until some of the MDCs of the UDA , they came out and refused to cooperate and then foreign forces got access and the group remained a small group and the Executive Committee fell.
An estimated 10.5 million people have been injected with Chinese-made drugs.
And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive" Matthew 21:21-2
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has already called a meeting with the Project Director of NHAI to expedite the construction of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge, so that the traffic jam can be reduced.
This shows that the covid check gate at Umling has become a collection point for someone but no longer a place to test foreigners.
The program began with the lighting of alcohol and was followed by the patriotic song “Mei India”.
On the other hand, Samla Thabah, while expressing his sorrow over the incident, said that if this man (Ronning Nongkynrih) is carrying cows or muid, if the BSF troops have any suspicion, they should arrest and investigate. and thou shalt not smite him.
We will work with the Meghalaya government and we look forward to the encouragement,” said Bah Sawyan.
The Seng Khasi has been visiting Mawbuh every year since 2000. They have been visiting the Dorbar Hall of the Raid Mawbuh and also visiting the place where the Syiem used to sit. Mawbuh is called Mei Mawbuh.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pangniang said that these needs of the village on his part as the Nongmihkhmat have been referred to the relevant authorities but due to the lack of funds. The government's budget in these days has been excessive and for this reason all the development works are still pending.
I cannot work alone without the support of the villages and these lights have arrived since November last year but we have not been able to inspect all the areas and have not been distributed.
Imran said this in response to the increase in rape cases in recent days, while Khan said the increase in rape cases is due to the increase in rape cases. the dress that is too revealing for women and that insults men or in Muslim language, which is called "fahashi"
This increase in price in less than a month has increased by about four times.
Police said that the truck was carrying coal for delivery to the coal mines in Lum Shnong. They said that the coal was smuggled to the factories. concrete.
These winners will lead from the Block to the District which will be held soon.
However, they did not know what the Bible foretold for the land of Israel and the Jewish nation.
No longer that which is to come, but it has come and has happened exactly as the Word of God says.
He said that hundreds of schemes from the central government have come to Meghalaya.
“The GNLA has its own laws and regulations and everyone follows its objectives and the captain knows where to lead it,” said a statement released by the GNLA today.
In the evening, the residents of Nanterre protested and burnt down vehicles and a bus stop in the area.
The street houses as well as the Secretariat were destroyed during the earthquake and what frightened the people was the sudden outage of electricity during the earthquake.
A bench comprising three members of the Kerala Lokayukta on Tuesday dismissed a criminal complaint against Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and others on charges of involvement The Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund (CMDRF) has been destroyed during the rule of the Left Democratic Front (LDF).
He reminded the people of the government led by Dr. Donkupar Roy and said that although the people have demanded a district, the government has not been able to do anything but only the Congress government has been formed. He also alleged that it was the government of Dr. Don which Conrad has canceled the 1500kms road project signed with the World Bank.
At the seminar, he also spoke about Para 12A of the Constitution in Meghalaya. He said that other states have already abolished Para 12A, but here in the state it has not. He said that in Mizoram there is Para 12B, and in Assam there is Para 12, but in both these states these Para 12 have been abolished, except in this case. He said that perhaps the inability to abolish Para12A in the state may be due to the fact that there is some income, the answer to that is politics.
The Dorbar Shnong congratulated him and wished him the best of luck in his service to the entire area.
The competition was held at Weiking Square, and was opened yesterday on the 18th and closed today on the 19th June 2023, in the presence of the Principal of the college, Bah WB Rynjah. with the participation of college teachers, teachers from visiting schools and students.
Therefore, the political system in the 21st century requires the people of God to leave the comfort zone of the Church and contest the election of the Church. in the year
The Department said that it has a goal to fight against all illegal activities through the border areas, including drug trafficking, gold, cigarettes, counterfeit money and other illegal activities.
In a major step towards digital connectivity, the state government is pleased to announce the completion of the implementation of the Tura Link, which will provide up to 100 Mbps internet connection.
The Chief Minister, Basavaraj Bommai, while attending a meeting in Hubballi, confirmed that Shah will visit the state to hold elections on the 24th. and 26th October while the Prime Minister will visit on 25th October.
“Earlier, we have decided that government employees who want to become members of the parties must first apply for permission from the government, but now we have allowed them to hold positions, become members but they must “It's a good idea to inform the government immediately,” said the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, while speaking to reporters after leaving the meeting, a few minutes after the Rangbah Shnongs left.
However, the situation in Afghanistan has improved significantly since the Taliban took power in April
The Minister of Power said that a letter should be submitted to the MSERC to request for an increase in the light tariff which has not been increased for many years.
All requirements have been met and police are investigating.
It may be recalled that in Shella, there were two candidates from the Congress party in the 2013 MLA election, Bah Lestone Wanswett and Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw. Crossing the Forest.
To conclude, Conrad said the Government is committed to promote science and commerce education while prioritizing the intellectual development of the youth of the State.
The union took this decision after a meeting with the Chief Secretary Dr. DD Lapang at his office at the Secretariat in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen. Speaking to reporters on the lifting of the road blockade by the RBYF, the General Secretary of the RBYF LK Sawkmie said the union has resigned after the government promised to reinstate two dismissed employees, Hundalin Lawai and Subita Lapang.
Nongpoh, November 02: The District AIDS Control Officer Ri-Bhoi today held a meeting to spread the message on the dangers of HIV/AIDS and to explain to the public the prevention measures. The district celebrated World AIDS Day at the Auditorium Hall Umsning.
This grading will be easy and very useful.
Speaking to media, Bah Dondonbok Kharlyngdoh said that the election of the new Chairman is to strengthen the group and also to monitor the demand for the rights of Bah Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew. who was shot dead by the Police during a raid on his residence at Mawlai Kynton Massar on the morning of 13th July,
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah GD Kharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District. , Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat as the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah Lostar Lyngdoh, Minister of Village of Nongbah-Marshilong. He was the chief guest with the participation of the elders, youth, children of Nongbah-Marshilong Village and guests.
The Government through the Ministry of Agriculture, will think newly and thoroughly by opening markets for agricultural products to neighboring countries and States of India.
How can they do that if their percentage is too low.
The polling for Ranikor will be held on the same day as for South Tura.
The incident happened at Sohnidan Village under Umsning C&RD Block, Ri Bhoi District, in the family of Kong Itailis Khymdeit and Bah Tiwen Warjri who have five children.
Regarding the seizure of cow meat, Bah Generous Warlarpih, President, strongly condemned the disregard by the perpetrators of the decision of the Association to stop the sale of cow meat in the state. He also condemned the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh by some smugglers.
The funeral service will be held on the 4th January 2022 at 10 am at Lum Jingthang Briew, Jaiaw.
The NPP has alleged that the Chief Minister is the boss who ordered the police to kill these four persons, so that there will be no evidence that he has anything to do with the insurgents.
He added that the synjuk will be able to conduct other programs such as high altitude training.
The shop was inaugurated by the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla, Bah Mudon S Khongthaw in the presence of the Sordar Raid, Rangbah Dong, Sengbhalang and the people of the village.
On the other hand, the Seng would like to congratulate the UBI for honoring the demand of the Seng and the Seng also congratulates Kong Jacquiline Nongkhlaw who has come as the new Branch Manager of the bank.
He won Gold, Silver and Bronze medals at the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 in the state.
T.70 lakh for the construction of the road at Block 3 Mawlai Umjaiur, less than T.1 crore for the road at Mawlai Nonglum and T.1 crore for the covering of the drainage system. Two vehicles were injured in Mawlai Phudmuri.
"Then, my friends, in the midst of our struggle, we try to understand what we see, but we don't know how to explain it to others.
Trust in God is very important in our lives because we no longer trust in our own understanding or ability but in complete trust in God.
For 100 tons of cows, 20 sers for horses, 24 sers for pigs, 32 sers for goats and 40 sers for sheep.
In fact, this day should be celebrated in all districts and even in the blocks, but in our state the meaning of this day has not yet been fully understood.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is in charge of the PWD department, on Saturday, slammed the engineers of NHIDCL, for their negligence in the construction of the road in Riat Rngain.
That the medical department of AH&Vety should research more effective drugs.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Saphai Unit on Friday failed to meet the Chairman of NEEPCO, Shillong to submit a petition to him. Iooksi and Saphai have been around for decades now.
“As members of the House, they have contributed a lot for the welfare of the Council and their death is a great loss,” said the CEM. He said that as a child, Bah Ryntathiang had many children in his own house.
After the success of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert said that this is a great victory because the survival of KHNAM is the survival of the nation.
In the United Provinces, saihon, a plant called sainai, whose scientific name is Crotolaria juncea, is the most commonly used.
on live VPP(Ardent,Ricky,etc).
After Tirot Singh refused to surrender, he was imprisoned until the day of his death on 17th November
The slips for receipt of these benefits will be distributed on 16th November to all those who have ration cards in Chennai and the implementation of the distribution of the money will be completed by 10am. day, the police chief said.
“We have only 7 days to hold the Budget Session and the time to explain the Governor's speech is only 50 minutes.
On receiving this, the office bearers of the party immediately went to Dawki Police Station and lodged a complaint against Damu Aryal Upadhya for allegedly insulting the Khasi people.
He said that Shillong has become crowded due to parking and some people who don't have a parking space buy cars and park them on the road.
These include EKH: 30, RBD: 3, East Garo Hills 2, East Jaintia Hills 1, West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA, Carness Sohshang, MDC, C.Kharkongngor, DC, HS Diengdoh Red MCS and former Minister of State for Home Affairs were also honored by the Seng Samla. Mawkyrwat village and other elders.
The Indian women's badminton team, which participated in the Uber Cup Championship, was also honoured.
Bishop Oscar Romero said, “Peace is not the fruit of fear, it is not the silence of the mountains, it is not the silence of people who fear the oppressive forces.
Earlier, the members also held a sit-in protest demanding that the government should remove those who illegally register in government departments and instead, register those who “We don't demand the removal of those who have passed adhoc or contract but we demand that the government should extend the appointment period until the government can recruit all those who have passed. “I'm going to take the examination,” said Bah T Mylliempdah, President of the party.
It is learned that after being chased by the police, he threw himself into the Jhelum River and drowned.
Shillong: Shillong Police have informed the public that trucks will not be allowed to enter the city on Saturdays from 4th July 2018 from 7 pm. morning until 10pm.
The final match was played between Mawlai Phudmuri and Synrop Football Club.
Noting that sohphan can be used in many ways, Tiwari said the aim of the IBDL is to develop sohphan to increase the income of farmers especially in the rural areas in this state.
This industry has attracted people from within the State and abroad.
However, he said that through the request of the Directorate of Employment and Craftmen Training to the union to provide a suitable land for the construction of the ITI office, the union has obtained a land in Sohpian.
"There are good customs that we should customize.
KSU Mawlai Circle in a statement has invited and requested all the residents of Mawlai to help by purchasing tickets with Code DMD 18 which costs 5tyngka each. to bring and promote the name and glory of Mawlai as a whole.
Guarantee: you are not responsible, you are not responsible; bahkhala is the promise to pay for others who are in debt.
Compared to other banks in Umkiang Village, they too often lack links, but they can provide them within a day or two.
Therefore, on this basis, the NTC officials have appealed to the public not to violate the law, but to wear Face Masks, so that they will avoid being fined. or subject to penalties under the provisions of the law.
According to a statement issued by JACATAM Executive Member Babu Kular Khongjirem, the teachers will meet the Minister at 4 pm to inform her of the problems faced by the non-government teachers in the state. Meghalaya.
Clear! Assam is waiting to take back all the land that has been forcibly occupied in the past 50 years.
Shillong, November 18: The Bouncer Association of Meghalaya (BAM) together with the support of the Sports Department of the State Government, will hold the Shillong Arms. This was announced by the President of the Association, Bah Junestar Kharbuli in a press conference.
Shyamkesho Singh said that many of the nurses have not received their salaries these days, as their hospitals have been closed in the past few months and this has made it difficult for them to receive salaries. I don't have food, I don't have money to pay for my house and therefore, I can't leave Kolkata, because I don't have any other job.
In order to strengthen the party, the PDF leaders also confirmed the full office bearers of the Zonal Committee of the PDF Umsning Constituency, which is divided into Parent's Body. , Women's Body and Youth Body, to achieve the goal in the next five years.
“There has been a lot of work and ongoing work with the joint assistance of the central government and the state government to provide drinking water to the people through clean water wells through the Jal Jeevan Mission,” he said. Chief Minister of the State, Conrad K Sangma.
Sohiong, Naiwieng 21: Out of 25 students of Sohiong Government LP School, about 8 students have not been able to attend school, while others have been given places to continue their studies in other schools. The reason is that the government school has closed down in October this year.
According to sources, the incident happened inside the factory area and the deceased was identified as Shakeela (50) mother of Alisha,
“It is time for us farmers to unite with one voice and we must come out on the 8th of this month. New Delhi: Four Congress Chief Ministers today met with Rahul Gandhi, President of the party, but their request was not granted. Rahul has refused to continue as Congress leader.
“Thadmynri Village falls under the Nongjngi Elaka and the appointment of Waheh Shnong has been appointed by the Nongjngi Elaka and I urge the Executive Committee of JHADC to resolve this issue to avoid any problems in the future,” said the Dolloi.
Speeches were also delivered by some of the ticket holders including Pynskhemlang Nongshlong, Bah Synran Nongshlong, Bah Pherik Lyngdoh, Bah O.Nongsiej and Bah B. Mawtyllup. They expressed their willingness to give their right hand and left hand to support the party in order to achieve the fruits of victory.
As the days go by, this place will lose its ancient heritage due to the rude behavior of the tourists.
“We demand that the Chief Minister should look into where the Khasi language is still lagging behind and we will wait for a reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs and if we don't get a reply we will not hesitate to go back. I went to Delhi to follow up,” said Dr. Nonglait.
In his complaint, Gyanendra Bhan Tripathi said that the juti, which he had recently bought, had broken down and he could not go to the funeral of his brother-in-law. until he fell ill and went for treatment at a hospital in Kanpur.
Bah Paul will contest from Jaiaw MDC constituency.
The amount of rice for AAY card holders is 35 kilos per card (No fee).
Regarding the seizure of these trucks, Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said that the reason for issuing the order to seize these trucks was after it was found that these trucks were trucks, have violated the recently enacted Section 144 CrPC.
Up to 18 people from three families in Lamin village under Amlarem Sub Division have been affected by the floods.
Those who see suspicious items are advised to immediately inform the police or the Police Control Room on 0364 2222214 and
Therefore, the union invites all Muster Roll workers in the departments of PHE, Agriculture, Horticulture, Forest, Soil, Education, PWD (Roads & Building), Health to attend this meeting. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss in detail the outstanding works which the government departments have not yet implemented and there are no orders issued by the government from time to time for the day labourers.
They said that thousands of farmers have tried to seek assistance from all sides but have not received it.
It is true that I (Late) Revd.T.Rodborn – I receive a salary as a school teacher of only Rs 14 (khadsaw) tyngka per month. also until
Bankhrawnam Ryndong – Bronze 8.
Ardent said this on Tuesday after the government sent a letter to the VPP that the government has set up a new committee to discuss the reservation policy and the reservation roster.
If there are Tribal Companies, they have started to exist but has the District Council completed the Assessment or not after giving permission to this Company to mine Mawshun for the 13th century? year? Whether it will ban these companies and whether it will allow Tribals only Tribal Companies who own themselves have to get a Trading License from the District Council.
He said the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will be held on February 27,
The JSM has urged the BDO office to provide assistance to the family affected by the fire.
Before giving birth to children, a woman has the power to save and care for her child or to destroy him before he comes into this world.
According to the Archbishop, it is better to talk about understanding through dialogue and not through power, because fighting will only lead to destruction and evil.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), retired judge Dr AH Saikia, on Tuesday said that the Human Rights Commissions of the states have been established. since 1993 they have been too weak to punish those responsible for human rights violations.
As it appears in the newspapers, there are many schools in the country and the Shillong Municipal operates in the country.
Nepal used to be a Hindu country, but now there is no country for Hindus, so where will Hindus and Sikhs go? For Muslims, there are many Muslim countries and they can become citizens and the opposition is trying to mislead the people,” Gadkari said.
According to sources, the incident happened on Tuesday last month when a driver of a commercial vehicle named Dibarles Nongphud from Nongshillong was driving a vehicle. When he reached a place near Wahliewlong called Kheinlangsaw, he went downstairs and at that time he heard the cry of the child. They were rabbits or animals, because the place was full of wild rabbits, but when he went to look at the place, he found that it was a child who was covered with a jainop. sohpet pat the shu sop slowly.
This is the first time I have found it difficult to develop my character, but in the end and through the trust of the Director, I feel that I have accomplished the task assigned to me”.
There will also be a new construction of the seats.
The strike by the MCCL employees is because they have not received their old salary which has been suspended for eight months.
Here you can buy goods and diseases of all kinds.
I don't have to say anything, I just want to support.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who calls himself Caliph Ibrahim, who claimed the Caliphate in the Middle East, speaks in a 19-minute audio, saying: “You Muslims, come to the country yours, it's your country"
The order also states that these warnings will be strictly observed within 1 kilometer around the Infected Zone and also in all villages within 10km.
She knew they would be looked at later.
On the other hand, these village leaders, said that in fact they do not prohibit the holding of any religious worship in the area where Krem Mawjymbuin is located but their opposition, on this occasion. , is because the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has come to act by force without any knowledge or arrangement with the village authorities, like others such as the Yatra who inform and ask for permission from the village.
Speaking to reporters, Celina Jala Kharbhih, sister-in-law of Archbishop Dominic Jala, said that Archbishop Dominic is a man of special characteristics who has been like a family member until now. They remember the days when he was on earth.
Evandor said that the party has found garbage dumped around Shillong and these people are educated people who come by car. He urged the law enforcement agencies to take action to punish and punish these people according to the law.
In other small states in the North East, like Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura, Meghalaya and Mizoram, the BJP will not win seats but will win seats with the victory of the state parties in these regions. not in Arunachal Pradesh.
The village has 723 inhabitants as of the Khanasamari census in 2019. The villagers are engaged in agriculture and other occupations.
“Up to 54 constituencies we have decided to contest with other parties,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Mimi Lamare, said that she has not lodged an ejahar against these children, but in the ejahar she has lodged with the police, it is only an ejahar on the robbery. They have been arrested at Mawlasnai, so that the police can arrest those involved in the vandalism.
Selsella has to go back to the polls after its MLA, Clement R Marak passed away last November.
Police said GNLA members opened fire on the house of Ganandra Hajong and Anirud Hajong.
The letter said that the rules laid down by the district authorities to allow the march issued on 25th March have been violated by the participants of the march. This was announced by the General Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh.
In a statement sent by the President of AMAM, Dr.A Lyngdoh, “The Association has conducted protests through social media by posting slogans, articles from newspapers and issues that have not been resolved by the AYUSH Department in the State.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that she has requested RTI from the Police Headquarters, Meghalaya on the report of the investigation by J Rymmai into the death of Bah Marbaniang but she has not received it. “The information requested by it has to provide all the file noting and a xerox copy of the investigation by J Rymmai.
One of the most difficult challenges facing the MDA government is the outbreak of Covid-19, which has affected for more than a year and has severely affected traffic, jobs, income, but this is not only in this state but in the whole world.
Shillong, Nailar 14: Police on Saturday raided another GNLA camp in South Garo Hills.
Pass 12th.
Besides this friendly match, a tie breaker was also held between the police and the journalists. 4-2 col.
From this party, there are two Ministers in the state government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
The CEM said that there will be 9 Motions, one Resolution and 22 Questions in the Dorbar Tlang.
The event was organized by the MIE and the MBDA, he said.
However, it allows the Dkhars to buy land if the Khasi do not have the money to pay the price.
We have seen and heard how Sri Lanka has fallen into the abyss because it has been overwhelmed by debt and has had to come to the aid of other countries.
This reminds me of a Russian general.
On the same day, the JSU also honored 15 students who have passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate examinations.
The six deceased include Rev. Fr.Mathew Das, Parish Priest of Barama Parish;
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday sought the support of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to turn Shillong into the education hub of the North East. .
Jowai, March 23: The Dolloi of Khad-ar Dolloi will meet tomorrow to discuss the resignation of the three Acting Dolloi together with the elected Dolloi in Jowai, at the office. “We have not received any information, the letter has not reached us,” said one of the Dolloi of Jaintia Hills. hills while talking to this reporter.
When should leaders apologize and when should they not apologize at all? “When we do wrong to others, even if we didn't mean to, we should apologize” “When we stand up to demand our rights, we should ask for forgiveness, especially when we are in the Tip-Briew Tip-Blei of Meghalaya,” said the party.
Even after the block was released, they had to stop at Umlieh and reach the hospital until 7 pm.
The ECD Mission of the State Government aims to address issues related to development changes by providing a platform through measures related to the development of children's minds from an early age. up to 8 years old.
“This is the first time that I have taken part in such competitions, although I am not the winner, but it will be a training for me so that I can train. myself that I am going to take part again so that I can be a winner.
Shillong: U Member of Parliament from Meghalaya, Bah Vincent H. Pala, on Tuesday said that if the electricity department escapes from the hands of the NPP and goes to the UDP party, the department will become more and more destroyed. than it is now.
He said that the festival will attract a lot of tourists not only from the state, but from the entire North East.
The union also said that there is a need to set up another Health Sub Center in Mawhiang village, as at present Sawsymper area which falls under Mawsynram C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District includes 16 villages. However, there is only one Health Sub Center in this area.
“The number of self help groups has increased to 41,700 in 2022 compared to 5814 in
Shylla also criticized the Rangbah Shnongs and the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills for the lack of people at the Polo Ground. The Rangbah Shnongs have not taken the initiative to announce this publicly, how many villages have called for this dorbar,” he said.
KHNAM demands the immediate arrest and severe punishment of those involved in this attack.
Promin Nongrum, resident of Jirang Constituency, said that in 2017, MDC Victor Rani of Jirang Constituency made a promise during his visit to the 50th Anniversary of Lower Primary School. Nongwah Mawtamur to build another bridge which is the foothill of this village and other neighboring villages who used to come and go and carry goods that this bridge which has not been built yet. by the trees.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the CEM's room, Pyniaid said the CEM has promised to take action to follow up on these demands and will explain to him if necessary. On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid said that he has not set a time limit for how many days the CEM will present his work on the demand, but he wants it to be completed before the Dorbar.
"We are human beings, who have a little soul, who are in this capsule," Bezos said after returning from a space flight and landing in the desert in Texas, which took for fifteen minutes.
L.Kharmalki at 8732015954 and this is not available.
The tender and others have already been called and followed according to the rules, but the tender was sent by the Meghalaya age, not by the state government, where the names of those contractors are not known. The names of the implementers of the project have not been made public.
The FKJGP and other civil society organizations have been forced to take action against the state government for more than 47 years. responsibility and to leave the responsibility to protect one's own nation.
Now when the Jews returned to their homeland, they became a strong and wonderful nation.
“On these facts, I am very surprised by the HNLC's insult to me personally.
Until the end of the first half, Lajong couldn't turn the tide which gave Aizawl a 2-0 lead in the first half.
A short meeting was held in the presence of Mynso Nongjngi MDC Evening Teron, Chairman B Syntem, Iaw Pyngkat Village Secretary Good Friday Dhar and the villagers.
Regarding the injection, Hek said that there are still medicines in the state and the distribution of medicines is going on smoothly. those purchased by the state government will arrive soon.
Shillong, July 10: U Enty Jadoh, 50, of Naga ethnic group, has been killed by his wife Dimti Situng and son Bibi Situng, 22, of Shillong. this day.
That the youth should have access to jobs and livelihood opportunities without discrimination.
Shillong: STIEH, HANM Women's Wings and KSU Khliehriat Unit have received a tip from a 19-year-old girl who was studying in Khliehriat that two foreigners named Monjura Ahmed and Halim Uddin of Karimganj, Assam, who sell slippers at Khlieh Riat Market, were arrested on 8th June 2022 while she was trying to buy slippers at Khlieh Riat Market. your shop.
Earlier, Dr Jenny V Basaiawmoit, Director of Bansara Eye Care Center gave a short speech on the importance of this day in the world to remember, educate and make others aware that how diabetes affects many and how to avoid this disease.
When it was time to go to the market, Kmie left home with Panah to open a shop.
MK Stalin, leader of the DMK in Tamil Nadu, said the search was a political ploy.
The SP said that in the month of July 2024 alone, there have been 6 road accidents and 6 people have died and 13 have been seriously injured. .
He said the state government wants to bring this 1 lakh hectare under certified organic cultivation without the use of any fertilizers and make the state a leader in agriculture. “Through this mission, support will be provided to farmers, farmers' groups, cooperatives among others to achieve this goal.
Ryntih's third goal came from a corner kick from Lalrosanga.
In addition, the lack of midday meal from 2017 to 2023 was found.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Chief Minister Rowel Lyngdoh has admitted that the Congress party in the state will disappear under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
He said that in these 18 Khasi villages, Nepalis have settled in the area and their presence in the area has increased due to the encouragement of the KAAC which provides assistance to them and the KAAC empowers them. The Secretary of the LNPRAC, Ma Philip Talang, said that there are about 50,000 Rangbah Shnongs paid by the KAAC. Pnar in Block-I and want the Pnar villages to return to Meghalaya.
There were more children.
Hundreds of members of the Seng Khasi from children, youth, women and men together with the leaders of the Seng Khasi including President Bah Bantei Rumnong, took part in the cleanliness drive.
The team of Mobile Legal Aid Clinic, which was set up specifically to fight against the coronavirus, today visited the village of Saba, Mukroh, Muktapur. , Satpator, Lumpingngad, Amsku, Kyrweng, Twah Sdiah and Hawaii Sutnga.
Yogesh's wife can now pray at home, sitting near the tree every morning.
The youth and farmers are suffering, because no one is turning to them.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: The Tynghor Secondary School was inaugurated on 3rd July 2014 and is one of the projects to improve the quality of education for the children of the people of 19 villages in the district. this area.
Sangot said the people should compete among themselves who is the earliest to vote at the Polling Stations on 19th June.
The team is in the midst of preparations for the Asian Games in November and the second round of qualifiers will be held in April and November this year.
Let me tell you a little bit that besides the Regulated Market, we have also introduced many Farmers Markets.
SSA teachers will have to wait for more months and may have to appear again as their salaries are suspended from month to month.
They said that after this one by one they showed signs of illness and started praying and shivering, and it was not until about 10 to 11 pm that they started suffering severely and weakly after They were rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital, and some of those who suffered serious injuries were rushed to Bethany Hospital.
Pynshngain said the MITCRM petition to be sent to the government should also be copied to the ADCs so that they can collect it before sending it back to the central and state governments.
All these have deprived the woman of sleep and the company has been forced to mine and mine this nuclear power in 2002 they started buying this woman and her family. 45 crore, but this woman refused and said that ......... money cannot give freedom to her soul.
However, reports said that the plan to form a government will not succeed as the two independent MLAs have left to support the NPP and BJP alliance. say something now about the appearance of the confusion and they will explain better all the events after a while.
The seminar started today and will end on the 28th.
Pynshngaiñ's meeting with the Congress leader was alone to discuss the issue of the Prevention of Disqualification Act passed by the state government. Act 1972 which was amended this year in the last Legislative Assembly of the State.
“To talk about history or past documents will not be a good way, but we should look for a way that is acceptable to both sides,” he said.
Pyndapbiang said that this is the fourth time of Tornado Security training for these youths. He said that such a training was brought about because he thinks far ahead. for the employment of youth.
The JHTOA has also elected the election organizers from the TAMTT, the JSU and the HyTO.
In the midst of unemployment, the mother of this young woman has taken a loan to give to this man so that they can get a job.
In the first innings between Knight Rider and Indian, Knight Rider, who tied first, scored 185/6 in 20 overs.
A few days ago, while speaking publicly about his new film Bharat, Salman Khan was asked about Katrina Kaif, whom he is acting with, and what role she should play. play chess.
Nongpoh, July 20 : Deacon S.Chinpu, one of the religious leaders of the Evangelical Free Church of India, today urged the people of Manipur to stop the bloodshed. the difference between the Kuki and the Meitei.
Applicants must be literate.
At first glance this seems to be enough but the fact remains that increasing the number of subjects or papers to read will not help the children unless it is ensured that the teaching is efficient and effective.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam, said that Assam has not reported any cases of coronavirus so far.
On the other hand, regarding the daily income without leave, except for illness, these Bengali foreigners earn not less than T.16,000 per month. and it is also a bill or income that does not need to be spent, but only to be picked up and taken straight to the village.
Chief guests at the meeting were Keshav Mahanta, Minister of Health, Assam and Dr Sapam Ranjan Singh, Minister of Health, Manipur.
For 40 years there has been only one sports association known as the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) which was founded in 1981 under the leadership of (L) Bah Stephan Leong.
"The college has completed a long journey and success in the last 50 years, I congratulate and wish the management, teachers, students and all those involved in this great work," he said. Shanmuganathan.
Shillong: U John Kharshiing, Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on the need to set up the Meghalaya State Commission on Inter-State Boundary.
Rakkam said that in 2014-2015, there were teachers who had completed their D.El.
Shillong: There have been 158 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 258 recoveries and 4 deaths.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, while congratulating the management of the Holy Cross Health Center Mairang on its 25th Anniversary, said: praised for the progress of this health center since its inception.
Bah Bok is a middle-class man in terms of knowledge.
Mukherjee said the government would eliminate the difference between the rural and urban areas, where many farmers commit suicide.
The curfew will start from 7.00 pm to 5 pm tonight and will last for 10 days only at night.
BJP Spokesperson for Meghalaya Nahlin Kohli said that the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960 was passed by the Congress but the BJP has been ordered. The Supreme Court has not appealed to the Court.
The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Central Body today confirmed the new office bearers of the Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) The meeting was held at Lawmali Dorbar Hall for the term 2023-2
One person has died in East Khasi Hills District today, bringing the total number of deaths to
“I am grateful to all those who have helped me especially to Bah Ricky Pathaw because I never thought I would get this house.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that at present they cannot disclose the works that the party intends to do because the Election Act is now in force.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The State Government has appointed a team of inquiry by the Commissioner of Garo Hills Division, Bah PW Ingty to investigate the death of Balsan S Marak while he was still in custody. under investigation.
This means to reduce the period of residence from one year to seven years.
The Central Government has announced that it will implement the NRC across the country for the purpose of expelling illegal immigrants.
but why do the people of the law have such power in the countryside?
“I am sure that 60 percent of the victory went to the NPP candidate and the reason is because he surrendered himself to resign from the post of MLA to get the civil sub-division for the benefit of the NPP candidate. "I'm sorry," said Timothy.
Following the selection process for the Paris Olympics on 28 June 2024, the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) will release the list of athletes eligible for the Paris Olympics. The tournament will be held in Paris.
He said that there will also be a meeting for the project to find out the shortcomings that have hampered the project and to resolve them so that the project can be completed as soon as possible.
There have been 1,41,986 new cases of coronavirus in India today, an increase of 21.3 per cent from yesterday.
However, the answer they have seen according to the RTI is that out of hundreds of people, only three work in Meghalaya.
Fancon scored only two overs and was the last to score a hat trick with three wickets from 10 balls.
The MIG has already conducted a Social Impact Assessment to look into the construction of the Entry and Exit Point, so that there will be no disruption to the traffic. “The report and all the requirements will be sent to the government for consideration,” said Bah Aiban Swer.
She urged those who receive the assistance not to misuse it by selling it but to use it well for their own needs.
“On the other hand, the Congress leader said that the amendment to the MRSSA 2016 is like the MDA government does not want to implement it, because it was introduced at a time when the Congress was in power. “It is for this reason that they have given the reason that it is not a strong law to strengthen this Act,” he said.
to start billing them.
In the Master's Degree, Primadonna Paswet, Veralana V. Syngkon and Samhaka Lakiang.
He makes these allegations just to get votes from the minorities.
This is no longer the time to wait for schemes that come through the Block.
Did they ask for help? Did they ask? These are questions you can ask the higher authorities," he added.
Shillong, July 24: Less than 10 days after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, told the media, the State Government has no intention of passing the Disturb Area Act. There is a threat to Garo Hills, due to the illegal activities of insurgents in the area; However, the Director General of Police (DGP) has reversed the statement of the Prime Minister, saying that there is no need to implement the law on dangerous places in Garo Hills, as the State Police, are still able to control the fighting in the area.
After the Israelites were scattered throughout the world and lost their Temple in Jerusalem, in 70 AD, the Israelites suffered greatly when they were taken captive, tortured, kill and despise harukom spirit.
The UDP Umroi Circle has requested the UDP Central Body to take disciplinary action against such people. you're in the Party.
