The complaint alleges that Sanjay Bhati has collected Rs 15,000 crore from the people of the country in the name of this fraudulent business.
However, the chiefs of the Sharbrei clan managed to shoot the robber with a sword from the shadem and he fell dead.
This has raised the question among the people whether the cleaning of the Umkhrah River by the KHADC has not been successful.
Although they had chances to score on both sides, they couldn't turn the ball and scored only one goal.
Shillong, July 12: Members of the Opposition have demanded that the government should take measures to ensure that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution.
The ceremony was conducted by the Langdoh together with the Wasan, Maji and Sangot.
As a politician, Bah Hima has the right to join any party of his choice.
Earlier, Shibun had alleged that other parties, especially those in power, have bought money from the people and other tricks to make the BJP anti-Christian as a proclamation of Good. Governance Day which the party has not yet explained and another is the party's claim that the BJP is in the NEDA and it is useless to elect it, and it is better to elect the national parties.
said Mr. Mawrie.
The airfield of the Indian Air Force is a separate airport and cannot be used by other private aircraft as it could pose a threat to the country.
The party understands that they should not be given shelter, just for selfish gain, which will destroy the nation.
On the other hand, the village council has congratulated Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, who has helped as much as he can, by delivering tin sopiing to those families who have been severely affected by the cyclone. .
In his opening remarks, the Deputy Commissioner expressed his concern over the backwardness and difficulties faced by the health department in the implementation of these programmes. they have not yet understood the purposes.
“The Central Government has approved to allocate more than T.1100 crore for the implementation of this project in the state and I hope that once implemented it will be a blessing and benefit to the state in terms of electricity and especially Every household in the state with more than 7 lakh households will be equipped with Smart Meters where they can pay Pre Paid or Post Paid. “It will be exactly like paying the mobile phone bill where they will be informed that they have to pay their electricity bill,” said Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Electricity Department.
Police have recovered 105 small plastic tubes containing 8.97 grams of heroin from the bodies of these four persons.
On the other hand, Ian Campbell said that this time there have been children who have not only shown their talents, but have also broken records. children to be diligent and hardworking.
Royte is also one of the most influential ministers of the MNF government under Zoramthanga.
Bah Sohtun passed away on the 6th of June while Bah Tariangu passed away on the 9th of June.
Shillong, Nailur 15: U Bah Dino Dympep, Chairman of the Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) who is also a regular delegate to the United Nations General Assembly, will attend the 68th General Assembly of the United Nations. UN General Assembly to be held in New York, USA. Bah Dympep will attend the High Level Political Forum to discuss many issues at the National Assembly to be held in the USA. human rights as the right to development.
Speaking to media, Syiemlieh said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has informed that the tender will be awarded to a new company to run the emergency service. “At the meeting, we requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, that the government should take over the management of this company. emergency services, so that the implementation of the works can go smoothly, but the Minister has denied this,” said Syiemlieh.
Preposition- Preposition: a preposition that indicates a preposition or preposition and other parts of speech.
The bail of the suspect has upset not only the relatives of the victim but also the police who are trying to arrest him for the purpose of investigation.
Besides this trekking, there were many other entertainment programs during the two days which attracted thousands of people from all over the country.
The Charitable Football Friendly Match between the Meghalaya Swimming Association, Shillong led by Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, Sohkha Shnong, was played against Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club. They scored 2-2 goals on Monday.
He said that the Roster System should not be a thorough review but should not be biased but should not be equal especially if the government introduces a formula that cannot be accepted and approved by all. to any ethnic group in the state.
Applicants must be students of AICTE institutions who have received an approved Degree / Diploma Course in the 1st / 2nd / 3rd / 4th year and applicants must not have received one of the Central Govt.
Perhaps the victory of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit is sufficient for him to be able to participate in the foundation of the rights of the people as evidenced by the revolution/renaissance. as you answer.
“Although the government will look into the possibility of cleaning up the pond later, what is needed is to stop immediately the dumping of garbage in the pond,” he said.
Of the deceased, five were from the Sharma family and three were from the Kuri family.
Replying to his decision to contest from this constituency, “In fact, before 2028 I had a plan to move but the people of Mawsynram did not allow me and when I won I contested the MDC election from Mawkhar. “I will contest from this constituency,” he said. “I will contest from this constituency,” he said.
Shillong has hosted such major tournaments in the past years as the North East Olympic Games 2022, the National Ranking Archery Tournament 2023 and the Senior National Table Tennis Championship
He said that the foundation itself is a spirit of responsibility, and the work of the Council should be carried forward.
This year, despite the heavy rainfall, the completion of this offering by the religious servants of the Raij has been smooth and peaceful, and with the ability to complete this offering once a year before the arrival of During the days of the Shad Ñiam Behdeinkhlam, the village and the raij will enjoy peace, prosperity and development in all aspects.
Moosyiem Shangpung tried many attempts to score, but didn't get the chance to convert and had to accept the defeat.
Melbertson Kharkongor scored the first goal for Mawpat SC (47 min) and Domiwell Kharkongor scored the second goal for Mawpat SC (60 min).
The KHADC's refusal to grant permission was due to strong opposition from the residents of the villages in the area together with the civil society led by the FKJGP Rambrai circle.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Aizwal FC 3-0 for the first time in the I-League on Saturday.
It will be said that they too are human beings, and that they have their rights.
By February 2023, there are more than 7000 people living with HIV in the State who have registered with the Society and about 4700 people who are taking ART, he said. Bah Lanong.
He said that the Lyngdoh, whom the Kur has already elected and the Syiem has already given the syrnod, has been in office since 2018 and until the 4th of November, They did not find anything wrong with him alone, but the complaint was received only from one person, Bah Breston Lyngdoh Paliar and not from the people.
The heat of one festival isn’t quite over, another one has begun.
According to estimates, there are about 65,000 Chakma and Hajong people living in Arunachal Pradesh after their ancestors left East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) and became in 1964 – after the end of the war between India and China.
It was St. Justin Martyr in the 100-165 century, one of the philosophers and Christians who wrote to make Sunday or Lord's Day to worship and pray and read. the Bible in the Old Testament (Hebrew Bible).
The party today has made it clear that we do not allow foreigners to earn money without permits in our land of Hynniewtrep.
This song has been translated into English by the Sardinian Herald Mylliemngap.
On the other hand, Ms Toi said that she has a plan to improve the film 'Nga la Bakla' next year.
Thus they called the Dorbar Bah of the Khasi from the Khynriam, the Pnar, the Bhoi, the War, the Maram and the Lyngngam.
At present, it is social media that spreads the news every minute to everyone.
He also urged other MLAs to follow suit as this is the first time that the constituency has held such a recognition for their work.
Khublei RUPANG.A man identified as Kretis Skhemiew was injured when he was hit by a cow in Nongshluid Village this morning (24/3/20) and was rushed to Mawsynram CHC for treatment. to earlier treatment options in terms of health.
The question is, why hasn't drugs appeared in this state, which has sold a lot of drugs, whether there are those forces from outside, who really want to increase the spread of drugs. to the young men for their bodies.
The change in life came suddenly and unexpectedly.
So when I search I seek information and turn to my friends to give advice so that the world will shine in my home and not to bring light or ask for revenge from others.
The Secretary to the Finance Department, PK Agrahari on the 7th of this month issued an order to release the arrears of government employees which is 30 percent.
One of them is the family of Rimabila Nongbet Sohlang from Mawrohroh and the other is the family of Linda Swer and Bah Sdan Jaba from Phanniewlah Rum.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through Bah Pynshai Lyngkhoi, Assistant General Secretary, Mawlai Circle, has donated rice, wheat, piat and a small amount of money to the mother of Lucas Sohtun.
The bill was introduced by Ma Finely Bareh, EM Political on 25th November, the opening day of the council session.
Hammut-I Sungoh of Mynksa village has left the village with the intention of going to Shillong to work.
· Cross-border payments:The UPI-PayNow link between India and Singapore, effective from June 2023, aligns with the G20’s all-important financial services opening initiatives and paves the way for providing cross-border payments in a more cost-effective, efficient and transparent manner.
With the passing of the days, the HNLC has become stronger with the participation of many young people who have joined the party.
Second: THE POWER TO EXPRESS THE LIFE OF JESUS ​​IN OUR BODY. and it shall be manifest unto them that see it, even the sin that is seen.
“This certificate teaches us how to work better, improve our performance and make decisions.
Despite the efforts and hard work of the residents of the State, the Government in collaboration with the Nongsynshar Shnongs should encourage and monitor, so that this initiative can be achieved and make the Our State is a State that has all the tourist destinations.
Other children have also married and settled farther away and find it difficult to carry their mother because they themselves are poor and have to work around.
The Deputy Chief Minister of Police, Prestone Tynsong, on Monday said that the government has already sent a message to the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) requesting for the appointment of Chairman Bobby. Marwein and General Secretary Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw at the upcoming peace talks.
It is also suspected that there may be others involved in the incident and the investigation is ongoing to find out the suspects.
“The ethnic parties need to come together as a sign of strengthening them in the state,” said Bah Pangiang.
In the past few days, it has been reported that the price of sugar has also increased by Rs 160 per kilo in the markets of some parts of Pakistan.
It invites schools, villages, clubs and football coaching centers to participate in the Meghalaya Baby League 2019 (Shillong Zone).
Sohra, Nailar 14: An earthquake measuring 5.0 on the Richter Scale has struck Sohra at 8:19 pm this morning. 5.4.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, accompanied by the Minister of Sports and Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, today visited the Visit the Entry and Exit Point Cum Facilitation Center at Mendipathar Railway Station in North Garo Hills. ).
“The SBI Foundation is proud of its tireless work to Meghalaya and the Government for more than three years with partner agencies like Sesame Workshop India to strengthen ECCE in the country. state.
There have been many cases of embezzlement of public money since previous years but there has not been a single case in which the perpetrators have been arrested.
Therefore, the key to our lives is the Lord.
The BJP today said that its statement to the media is after it has found out the facts on the theft of these two District Councils. The documents have already been submitted to the CBI for further investigation.
WJH won the match against West Khasi Hills DCA by 9 runs.
Those whom we have never known or heard before.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday clarified that the reservation policy is not against any ethnic group.
If the government does not do anything against the indigenous people, it will not be able to fight against this illegal activity. other factories that use illegally mined coal.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the leaders of the Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU), AJHCCA and JHTOA has decided to convene a public meeting on the 17th of this month. 1st of this month to discuss the new fare approved by the government.
Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, MP from West Bengal, has tested positive for the virus.
That is after the reign of the last Ruler or the beast.
He said the FKS is essential and better than others in terms of legal provisions to protect the nation and denied that it is a dead island.
The office bearers of the NPYF 6 – Khliehriat Block Executive Committee include President Jop Dkhar (Molamanoh), Vice President Letmon Pyrtuh (Bataw), General Secretary Ringku Swer (Khliehriat West), Secretary Dawyoo Lyngdoh (Diengshynrum), Treasurer Daniel Dkhar Rymbai), Adviser Skhemmon Rymbai (Lad Rymbai) and Shri.Earlyborn Lyngdoh (Rymbai).
Vice President – ​​Dominic Dkhar.3.
Shillong: The supporters of Garoland State have demanded that the State Government and MLAs should bring and pass a resolution in the Legislative Assembly for the partition of Meghalaya.
The native language is the language we learn, the signs of culture and the language we use to communicate with God.
In July, Hafizur Rahman, a resident of South Salmara, Assam, was arrested in South West Garo Hills.
The Dkhar youth was identified as Kuljit Singh, who has been living in Moosalyngkat for a long time. He is said to have mental disabilities and has been away from home since the 23rd of this month.
Regarding the development works in the constituency, Bah Rapsang said that since he became MLA, he has been in regular contact with the 10 Rangbah Shnongs as there are 10 Dorbars. , especially in relation to the problems and needs of the village so that he can help as much as he can.
He said that there has been a challenge to complete the implementation of biometrics according to the Election Commission.
Doctors from Tamil Nadu will provide assistance to Meghalaya in many hospitals in the state and the Minister also urged the residents to cooperate with these doctors who come from this state.
The vehicle was seized by some persons at Mawlai Mawkynroh and an Insas rifle was also seized.
“After receiving the letter from the BJP through Bah AL Hek, we held a meeting of the RDA today where we announced our decision to support Draupadi Murmu because we are very happy. “It is very difficult for Murmu, who belongs to a minority community like us, to sit in the highest post of President in India,” said Bah Pangniang.
After the first innings, Marbisu CC scored 101/9 in 20 overs.
Other parties and MLAs will also have to take a decision on this issue which will affect the congestion of Shillong and the pollution of the environment and the traffic jam. the city.
I am not standing here to cry, to shout or anything else but I am standing here for the cause of the nation,” said Dr Aman War.
“It is enough for now, but what will happen in the future is unknown.
He said the NPP will win 15 seats in Garo Hills and 18 seats in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
“After the 5th Scheduled Pay, we should have received T.600/- each, but we were paid only T.150/-.
The exhibition was held at Sohrarim Nook as part of the Trailblazer Community Lab in collaboration with Curiosity Gym which aims to develop the skills of young people in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics).
Shillong: The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) has said that the appointment of retired government employees in the DoI and DoP departments within the Lokayukta office has not been successful. in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act
Doctors who treat various diseases include Dental Surgeons, Medical Doctors, ENT Doctors, Bansara Eye Care Centre, NEIGRIHMS, Ganesh Das and other health facilities. participated in the care of approximately 230 participating children.
For many months I rarely slept properly at night.
There are those who came from their own country in their story and were made into one nation.
“There are suspects from Moodymmai, but we have to verify the identity of the people before arresting them,” said the Dy SP Headquarters. between Moodymmai and Muscat.
The High Court will issue its verdict after concluding all the hearings on Tuesday.
Before concluding, AMSSASTA demanded from the government through the DMCs (District Mission Coordinators) that the salaries of SSA teachers should be increased.
At that time, there were science exhibitions and seminars with the participation of schools from different districts of the state.
A request to the district authorities, the authorities in charge of the roads of the state to visit these villages.
The tournament which was held at SAI Centre, NEHU started on 30th March and up to nine teams came to take part.
Of course, in a democratic system, the NPP has many responsibilities even though other parties have a part in forming the government.
On this occasion, athletes, musicians and leaders of the district were also honoured.
Bangladesh is 6 feet high.
That is why the Word of God says – “For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?
Speaking to reporters, Bah Renik said that if he wins the election, he will not have time to provide full service to the Ford dealership and it will not succeed because he will not. He had to serve the people of the constituency, but the defeat opened the door for him to serve the people who needed services for the sale and manufacture of Ford cars.
Shillong: U Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, Leader of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU), today wrote to the Commissioner of Traffic, East Khasi Hills, Israel W. Ingty, to demand that the DC. to clarify the rules of traffic especially in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Besides, we also consider the character, manners and dignity of the candidate and whether he is truly eager to serve the constituency”.
Those who attended the meeting included Mathias Mynsong, Marius Jyrwa, Barnabas Manih, Chairman Syl Liang, Chairman Syl Liang, President of the MCPC, Pateng Marsing, President of the MCPC. HANM in Ri Bhoi with many village leaders of the area.
The Seng through this statement demands that this criminal should be arrested immediately within 24 hours who does not care about the lives of vulnerable girls even though he has threatened to kill this woman.
After the appointment of Amit Shah as the Defense Minister of India, the BJP has started looking for a new leader and has appointed JP Nadda as the party's interim Working President.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 09: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement on Tuesday, has ordered and informed the public that the Supreme Court of India has issued the laws that contain changes to the guidelines to protect children from falling into wells or wells.
“This incident has shocked all the people, I am surprised that the Prime Minister has not done anything,” said the MLA of Gambegre Constituency.
She also directed the State to disclose the steps it has taken to supply more electricity from the National Grid and other sources to fill the electricity shortage in the State.
The Open District Chess Competition organized by the Thomas Jones Synod College and the Jaintia Hills District Chess Association (JSC) has come to an end on Saturday.
Bah Shanbor led them and when they arrived, Maheh as the owner of the house explained what had happened.
Shillong, July 14: Debajyoti Paul from Bangladesh has been urged to donate blood at the blood donation program organized by the Meghalaya Aids Control Society in the state. Central Library Shillong today is the World Blood Donation Day.
Police have arrested the driver of the vehicle, Nehtinmang Haokip, 36, who confessed to smuggling the drugs from Churachandpur, Manipur with the intention of smuggling them. to the city of Shillong.
On this occasion, the KSU said that there is an urgent need for a Police Outpost in Psiar, West Jaintia Hills of Meghalaya as this village falls under the State and its polling station is in the village. Tum Tum.
The DC East Jaintia Hills District in a meeting with the village leaders of six villages and civil society leaders said that the cement factories are encouraged by the government to set up factories in Narpuh area to develop the state together. to provide employment to the residents of the area.
Shillong, June 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement East Khasi Hills District (HYM) has demanded the confiscation of trading licences, labor licenses and original cash memos from those shops and small shops of foreigners. Those who come to trade in our state who do not follow the right path are those who sit or set up shops illegally without permits and without paying proper taxes to the state government in all parts of the East. Khasi Hills District.
Hambert said that in Sohiong there are those who love the party and there are also those who love the issues.
On the other hand, the family members of the deceased have urged the Seng, lawyers and others not to release bail to Joefreeson Jana for this crime.
However, the state government has wasted and misused the money of the people on other activities such as the cherry blossom festival and other non-profit activities. The state government spends billions of rupees and tens of billions of rupees and the participants in such festivals are only the wealthy foreigners and some wealthy people. If the state government uses the money of the people properly, the state as a whole will improve in all aspects.
He said that after the anger of the farmers, the government is looking for a way to buy the products and they have formed their association to buy these products, but the farmers, complained, He said that these traders have taken advantage of the price of mur from the farmers, for example, they have bought the kubi at the price of T.5 per kilo, while the same kubi has been sold. in Shillong, the price of rice is T.9 per kilo and the price of muli is T.4 per kilo.
On October 27, 2014, National People's Party (NPP) Secretary IB Pandey lodged a complaint with the Election Commission of India against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. He said that it was Dr. Mukul Sangma's wish that Purno should die.
B3 also increases the production of neutrophils, which are white blood cells that kill harmful bacteria. great in the healthcare system.
These children and teachers from Bangladesh who came along with the BGB chiefs stayed overnight in Shillong and today they took part in a program which was held in Shillong which was a program of celebration. to show each other their cultures.
On the other hand, Sohra MLA Bah Gavin Mylliem who accompanied the Minister congratulated the Minister for his visit and assistance to the relatives of these refugees.
“In 2012, the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said that the government will not build a railway line until it implements measures to curb the entry of mynder.
According to FPIC gives the right to minorities that without their consent or will the government cannot implement any project or other areas that are against the customs or traditions and it is also their right to make their own decisions.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has congratulated the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the MDA Government for finally understanding that Meghalaya is not a state that speaks of the Hindi language.
“How can we expect the Prime Minister to implement the promises he has made for the SSA teachers and the education department as a whole until a few months before the 2023 elections,” said the Seng.
Nilima Das Choudhury, 99, of Rilbong, EK Hills, passed away at home on 21-05-2021. Balin Dkhar, 47, of Pynthorsale, EJ Hills Magrita Nongkhlaw, 52, of Laitumkhrah Nongrimbah, EK Hills, passed away on 22-05-2021 at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong. Bah Jrensing Kharkongor, 71, of Nongmensong, EK Hills, died on 22-05-2021. He passed away on 22-05-2
The original Greek words used by the apostle Paul convey the idea that God deals with those whom he loves, or who are his friends.
Media reports said that the Meghalaya Police headquarters in Delhi is cramped as many of the camps are located only in tyrpa thohrew.
Shillong: Four persons were killed in a road accident at Mawpun, Umroi, Ri Bhoi District today.
In the same way, who can break what God has planned? Therefore, now the time has come for God to give to Israel what He has promised, that is, to extend the borders of the kingdom of Israel from and he shall be a great kingdom from the river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates.
For this reason, they said that a building at the Horse Shoe Building (near the MPSC) has been closed for years, because it has been employed by people who do not have the skills to work and do not have the necessary documents. the sheets , however, were only given because of the relationship, but they were not given back to the qualified contractors who were supposed to get the job.
This is the time to surprise not only the youth of the state, but also the parents, grandparents should surprise the people how to take responsibility in their homes because of these things. All these things begin at home and will appear outside for the world to judge.
“Ka Seng speaks clearly to the people through the HANM Land Protection Cell, it will resolve the border issue in collaboration with the village authorities and hima authorities on the border.
“We from the government and the NPP have put the state first and there are those who criticize the call for peace talks by the HNLC where there are only a few members, but I would like to say here that “We don't want any youth of the state to leave their homes,” said Prestone. “Even in the demarcation and the intention to introduce regulations to curb illegal activities, There is nothing that has happened in the past fifty years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: Two BSF personnel were shot dead by robbers suspected to be members of the GNLA. The incident happened at 9 am this morning. .
The Deputy Commissioner, who is also the Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), has lifted the curfew on the National Highway-6 in Lumshnong.
He said that since the launch of Kickboxing in 2017, the MSKA has brought many medals to Meghalaya.
The CWE's decision was taken after a woman who went to give birth at Ganesh Das Hospital was denied baby because she came from the containment zone, and after her baby died shortly afterwards. Speaking to reporters, CWE Chairperson Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the explanation of the Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aman War is correct. to understand that such a thing should not happen.
After the arrest, police seized the drugs and registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station and charged them under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
The union therefore urges the MLA and MDC who are the villagers to take action on this issue as there is no point in talking about development if they forget to take care of the health of the people of the area.
The path that the KSU is following, the HYC is no longer able to follow and where the HYC is, the KSU is no longer allowed to exist.
It is suspected that the manner of killing the man was brutal and terrible, in which the robbers cut off his head, cut off his hand and after the killing the robbers went back to break the head and hand in the Umïam Pond. and he buried the body beside the pool.
Babu Kular KhongjiremTang, due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the amount of Rs399/crore, there has been a dispute among the Chief Doctors of Shillong Hospitals.
Police have registered a case against them under PS Case No. 118(11) u/s 3(a)/4 under the investigation of WPSI FK Marak, Nongstoin Women Police Station and The case has been registered under Section 5(1)/6 of the POCSO Act.
How can the duty census be appointed directly for the teachers by bypassing the Education Department and even the authority of the principals? stronger and stronger and stronger later.
In the evening, we were able to sleep peacefully thanks to the hard work of the police.
Explaining the allegations by other parties that the NPP has a collaboration with the BJP, Conrad Sangma said that as a party, it has no collaboration with the BJP, but as a party. It will have to cooperate with the ruling parties in the Central Government, as this will bring benefits to the people of the state.
The shortage of medicines, which was intended to be distributed to the public, has led the government to spend a lot of money.
In the blood of this world billions of people—the white, the black, the red, the stem—have rejected Jesus to this day.
The wallet contained an Epic, Adhaar, three ATM cards, an India Post Payment Bank card and T.
Shillong: It is sad to see that many of the villagers who come to the market have to pass through sewage and water from the toilet.
There are more than 60 MLAs in Khasi Hills.
At the same time, Bah Raswai urged other Congress supporters who wish to attend the rally to inform him.
We have greater tasks for the future of the nation to shape as we say to revive, improve and transform.
Shillong, Nailur 28: One of the biggest supporters of Prestone Tynsong, who used to attract voters, has left the National People's Party (NPP).
In the match between HUCC and Amity, Amity won the toss and elected to bat and scored 159 runs.
Before the filing of nomination papers, the UDP Sengkmie led by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as President held a meeting to congratulate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh in the presence of MLAs, supporters of the UDP Sohiong and parents, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh MLA Mawkyrwat offered a special prayer.
There is a distribution of expensive liquor and money and we will take strong action against those who are the perpetrators,” said Sangma.
The reason why the HANM Byrnihat leader has issued a warning to the Syiar vendors, is after the HANM found that the market dwellers in Byrnihat, are spreading the dead Syiar. The shops of these Syiar vendors, have caused a terrible smell and affected the health of the people in the area and also the visitors.
The Naga flag is the symbol of the Naga people and therefore, it is impossible to talk about anything else,” said the party.
The fact is that many of the water sources especially the rivers and other water sources are in danger due to the depletion of water sources which can also affect the number of animals,” he said. .
No one was injured or killed in the blast, but the blast was very severe.
The union said that many young people who have completed their education but do not get the opportunity to work in their own state and have to work abroad.
Fast Track Courts will also be set up to deal specifically with rape cases and police and hospitals will be equipped to investigate rape cases under the Criminal Law (Amendment). ) Ordinance 2018.
Shillong: There have been 189 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
It may be recalled that in the last MLA election , MM Dango of the Congress had defeated other candidates , and the contest was between the UDP. In the MDC election , Bah Mansturdy Nongrem The Congress candidate won against many candidates including Airmarshall Diengngan, PK Raswai, UDP and Lamphrang Kharbani.
He congratulated the parents of the students who have taken part in sending them to school, especially the teachers who have become the rishot of the school, because through their hard work in the payment of children and those who have been involved in the education of children now is like this.
“The government should take strict action against the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills because they have not respected the government's order regarding the transportation of dewbilat and clinker,” he said. On the other hand, Nidamon Shullet also expressed his concern over the refusal of the Dewbilat factories to implement the government's order.
-When I became a Christian, I thought that if I went to church all the time without missing a single one, I would go to heaven.
“The fish testing site should be in a place with cold storage and adequate parking,” he said.
Shillong: The MPCC today announced that it will nominate its candidates for the 35th Ranikor and 51st South Tura constituencies. The date of the mid-term elections will be announced.
He said that until now, the Forest has been weighing the goods by Volume Metric according to the order issued by the government in which 6 shaka trucks are allowed to carry 9 tonnes instead of 2 tonnes. feet 7 inches, 10 shaka trucks to carry 15 tonnes at a height of 3 feet 4 inches, S type 4×4 trucks to carry 9 tonnes at a height of 2 feet and LP trucks to tons in a height of 1 foot 9 inches.
Only U Rupang has provided a well-founded and acceptable article. Thank you very much.
Rossie Nongrum, Mairan (teacher) and the driver of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the people also attended the Dorbar, and in the Dorbar, the people also asked who authorized to hold the Dorbar and what is the purpose and asked how. The Sordar and Secretary of the village were present. The announcement was signed by the elected representatives and on the part of Bah JP Lyngdoh, Secretary of the village, he said, “We don't come to to explain" and he immediately left the meeting.
Tamil Nadu has opposed the National Education Police (NEP).
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the Central Government and also to the students who have been involved in this field.
Members of this group, told the Prime Minister that the situation has caused the people to become angry and they also threatened to hold a protest if the issue cannot be resolved.
The Chief Minister of the Political Department said that these are the laws relating to the entry of foreigners into the state.
They said that most of the time before the road was pumped, they used to sell about 10 kilos of goods per day since the dry season.
“On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has clarified that many of these demands have already been rejected by the government.
Besides, the leaders of the civil society organizations have also seen how much the disease has affected the education of all the children and students in the state.
Other speakers said that at present, the people living in these border areas are suffering from the lack of roads, water supply and other development schemes.
The counting of votes will be held on 2nd October.
When we have our own land, we can farm to feed ourselves and do it ourselves,” he said.
Assistant education secretary: Albinus Lyngdoh 19.
Sangma said that when the state was affected by the second wave of the pandemic, the state had only 700 oxygen cylinders, but now the government has increased the number. she donated 1,500 oxygen cylinders.
They demanded that the government through the Taxation Department should come against these shops and not allow them to open without getting licenses from the government.
He said that the dance is performed early in the morning before the children and as the day progresses, the elders and women dance and then in the afternoon followed by the people, both men and women.
Tynsong said that the government has already issued some rules as part of the prevention of pig disease. check up, treatment of pigs with symptoms of ASF and others.
Most of the villagers said that just to survive they had to obey as they were told and if they refused to do anything they would be tortured or killed.
CSWO President Agnes Kharsiing said that the mothers went to the BDO office in Mawphlang and were told that the money had been deposited into the account at the Post Office. Krang village in East Khasi Hills.
“They don't care about the party, its working methods and its goals, there is no clarity in its working,” he said in the letter. , and it is clear that many leaders today are only interested in their own interests,” said the letter.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today rejected the demand for the removal of James Sangma from the post of Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya. you're not afraid.
Engineers are well aware of these things because they too are involved in these corrupt activities.
“I will accompany him as this program is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Arts & Culture and we will provide all the details as we approach the 16th of June,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shakliar, expressed his satisfaction that this year, the athletes have brought fame and glory to the state as a whole, even after they have not been able to win the title. but he hopes that one day the trophy will come with the players of the state.
The registration on the Yess portal has been opened and the financial assistance will be released from time to time to the youth organizations after reviewing the applications received on the portal.
The SP said that when the police went to search, the GNLA members managed to escape.
Cyclone Mocha has severely affected parts of Myanmar, especially the city of Sittwe in Rakhine.
The Bharata Empire did not cover all of present-day India, although there were parts of it that no longer fell within India.
Respectfully, these suggestions are easy to say, but without understanding where our state stands, it will put us at risk.
The Principal of Kiang Nangbah Govt's College has encouraged the students to work hard and not to neglect any kind of work they do because even in education we must give our best in order to be successful.
The allegation that the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, and the party itself is inciting ethnic discrimination in the state, is completely wrong and unfounded.
It would also be better for the police to search the vehicles that come to the state to sell with both hands so that those who drive illegally without proper documents, can be punished according to the law.
The Governor sent his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives.
Earlier, the HNYF, KSU, RBYF and FKJGP had opposed the Schedule Tribe (ST) of the Barngars.
“If we want to solve the problems we have to change the laws and regulations with the aim of bringing peace,” he said.
“On our part, we have to take action on this issue so that it does not affect the areas that produce a lot of agricultural products. We have to change the rules to protect these areas,” he said. You are the owner.
Shillong: The Symbud President of the MRDTA, Bah RS Marbaniang, one of the retired teachers, on Tuesday said that teachers working between 28 and 35 years of age do not receive their salary. only five years have passed.
However, the union will continue to oppose if it is implemented and does not listen to the demands of the union.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umsaitsning Lad Mawrong at 6 pm on Tuesday arrested a vehicle carrying jhur from Assam (AS13 AC1371) without proper documents. .
He said that the education we are studying to get jobs now will change and the time will come when there will be no jobs.
The party's mission is to bring about a clean politics free from corruption and violence in the working methods of various government departments including the appointment authorities,” she said. state.
Robertjune announced that the leaders and members of the HYC will contribute T.1,10,000 (One Hundred and Shiphew Thousand) per annum for one teacher.
The Legislative Assembly has approved the budget of the State for the year 2024-2025 through the passage of the Meghalaya Appropriation Bill (No.II) Bill, 23,545 crore excluding debt and the expenditure will amount to T.25,574 crore excluding debt repayment.
With the collection of these old songs by Amabel Susngi, this book contains 25 songs in different languages, including from Ri Lum Khasi, Ri Lum Jaintia and Ri Bhoi district. many different types of music.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has welcomed the arrest of Lalu Yadav's family, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief Sushil Modi said. The Chief Minister of Bihar wanted Tejashwi Yadav to go to jail too.
I have found this in my own life.
The Dkhoh was handed over to the Wildlife Department on 30th October 2024 in the presence of the Vice President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association, Skhembor Nongrum.
On the other hand, Bah Vivek Syiem, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that after receiving information regarding the presence of groups demanding money in the market places in Police Bazaar and Iewduh, the police Police from the Special Cell of East Khasi Hills have arrested four persons from Khyndailad, Police Bazaar while they were distributing letters. demand money to a shop.
The residents of the village, on hearing of the attack, left their homes and fled to the forest. It was at this time that the wild elephants saw and attacked their owners. village.
There are 24 recoveries, including 22 from East Khasi Hills, one from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, he said that the implementation of other projects of the Smart City Project has progressed well.
However, later they informed that the doctor was not at the CHC and was still in need.
ML-04A-8256 belonging to Mor Siangshai driven by Dawanbiangki Suchiang, ML-11-0182 belonging to Deibor Dkhar driven by Treyo Pajuh ML-04B-4254 belonging to Ebrin Phawa and Phein Phawa, AS-01R-4262 belonging to Kon Sungoh and Arki Shadap were found carrying illegal coal. in the area of ​​Byndihati.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah BK Samiam, Publicity Secretary MUPSTA.
(spiritual & moral).
At the same time, Dr.R.Nongrum, Medical Superintendent of H.Gordon Robert Hospital, gave a briefing.
He urged all the Dhar Kur members to introduce themselves to the Dhar Kur when they visit any village or township or any other activities so that they can recognize the Dhar Kur as the largest Kur. ready to help in any problems of the kur as much as possible.
It is for this reason that the ancients sought solutions to these problems.
Now the people of Shillong are very worried, because they don't know whether they have the right to go to Iewduh, Police Bazaar, Lait Umkhrah and so on. and in this form, it makes it difficult for us to be careful of ourselves, because we don't know whether the people we sit with, who we sit with on the same bus, who we sit with inside. office and so on, if they are the ones who have been infected with the disease.
Shillong, March 23: The new Khasi Market has been opened since it was relocated from Jingkieng Motphran.
Shillong: Agnes Kharshiing, a worker of the Sengbhalang, has been awarded the International Grant Dink Award for the 11th time.
“It is a pity for the youth job seekers, the citizens of the State as a whole who have to wait for the examination for the vacancies in various departments and also if it is too late it will affect the working age. said Bah Banteidor who is also the Minister of State.
The drone was shot by Shan Nongsiej and the video editing was done by Donbok Marngar.
Up to 244 players from 10 districts including one club have taken part in the biggest Badminton tournament in the state which is divided into different categories. under 13, under 17, under 19 and in the senior category.
The quake struck at 1.30 pm on Tuesday with a depth of 10 km at latitude 26.69 degrees north and longitude 91.15 degrees east. The earthquake occurred in Nongstoin, Meghalaya.
However, we have been told that they have not said a word, maybe they are afraid," he added.
On the other hand, Samla Francis Makri, after winning the title from Kolkata, expressed his happiness that despite many difficulties he has faced in his desire to improve in the sports field, but with the With the help of his supporters, he has been able to achieve this goal in the field of Kyokushin Karate.
Since 4th June, 2005, the Khasi language has been granted the status of the synrop language of the State and has started to be implemented in government offices in vague forms.
Shillong, July 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday, strongly criticized some of the leaders who have turned into issues the development works provided by the Government to the people of the country. Garo forest.
Digmanu Gupta, General Manager (NW-11), State Bank of India, Local Head Office, Guwahati, as the chief guest and Subhas Das, Deputy General Manager (B&O), State Bank of India, Administration Office, Shillong. They also gave the awards and with their best wishes for the future and also praised the schools where these children have studied.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills SC and Laban SC beat each other in the Shillong Premier League match at the JN Polo Stadium in Shillong.
Shillong: Mawrie Garment Manufacturers was inaugurated on 25th June
On the other hand, Bah John Rymbai said that he cannot fight against this illegal smuggling because he does not sit in the Secretariat or the Assembly, but he hopes that through this RTI, it will expose these smuggling activities in the state. .
Do you know how many Khasi people come to vote during the elections? They are still very rare, I would say maybe 60 or 70 per cent.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Lady Keane College, one of the leading educational institutions for female students, has announced that from 2024 onwards, it will admit male students in the line. Science and Professional Course.
He said that his appearance as a candidate to contest this election is an encouragement to the youth to have the spirit to come forward in any field.
Ms Ilasiew said that this shows the richness of the traditional food of this area.
The Minister said that the scheme implemented through the PMKKKY in parts of Sohra includes the improvement of the water supply to the Circuit House, Sohra Civil Sub-Division through the pumping water supply scheme. 21,80,600 for the construction of a rainwater treatment plant for the Circuit House, Sohra Civil Sub-Division .31,65,000.
The song was sung by Mickey Lyngdoh and Ibapyntngen Syiemlieh and composed by Mickey Lyngdoh.
Due to this natural disaster, the government authorities have also expressed the need for precautionary measures and preparedness as well as requests on the right and wrong measures to be taken for safety.
Furthermore, AKHAF has suggested that the government should build a mini-shopping complex in Shillong for the Garo people in Shillong who earn their living by selling in the market as they have to endure the heavy rainfall. and the heat of the sun due to the lack of sufficient space to sell their goods.
He said that there are many residents who own private forests near the river, but these forests have been destroyed due to the widespread smuggling of rnga by the landowners.
There has been a lot of talk in Lum Garo regarding the Congress party ticket for the wife of Zenith Sangma. and it shall be seen by the people of the same household.
The two teachers were charged three months ago and their interim bail application was rejected by the Bombay High Court on Tuesday, June 24, it said. the police of Kandivali.
In Bilat, many households do not have a smart meter.
Meghalaya has been severely affected by the NPP-led and BJP-backed MDA Government,” he said. .
The issue of allocation of space for children in recognized private schools and teacher shortage schools was raised by the Banga MLA.
The Tournament Committee will continue the match on the 10th of this month. Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC will play against Swer United at 12 noon, while Nohron SC will play against Khyrwait FC at 2 pm. Demthring).
The fuel was distributed by the police department and the coupons were issued by Bah Iangrai.
There have been 95,735 new cases of Covid-19 in India and 1,172 deaths in the past 24 hours.
“If the bills were going through DHS, we would have told you how much we spent and I gave you a straight estimate.
An election without those who know how to speak publicly is not an election at all! If we look at the ongoing elections in Karnataka, almost every day there are allegations between the leaders and the candidates.
Furthermore, while asking for the support of the people to win the VPP party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit promised that if the people are willing to win the VPP party, the VPP party will fight against all corruption. of the present government which has really affected the people in the state, he added.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Ri-Bhoi Regional Committee, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government will talk to the Assam government to transfer Block-I and Block-2 from Assam to Meghalaya.
These include streams, water from the quarries, which are places where the residents used to go to clean and then pour water to their houses and to their households. farmland as well.
“Under your leadership as President of the party, I feel betrayed.
Even the border settlement with Assam was decided not only by the NPP but also by the MDA including the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, KHNAM and BJP. The TMC has the right to criticize the MDA government and the ruling NPP if they find that there are any wrongdoings of this government. The Opposition has always attacked the Ruling Party during the elections.
Meghalaya, which is the owner of the tournament, has shown to the world that it has improved rapidly in the tournament as it has moved up from the sixth position in 2018 to the top position. four this year with 36 gold medals which is nearly 12 times what they won in 2018.
In this constituency, it is learned that the campaign has been going on for several months, in which not only the candidates who want to contest have started, but even the incumbent leader has started. to enter every house to make known to the people the work of it.
Marshel Tariang son of Kong Dilan Tariang and Ma Phri Surong, residents of Umladkhur, Amlarem Sub Division, has passed away. 5/26/2022.
However, he said he doesn't feel anything because his goal is to provide the best service for the development of the state not only in Pynursla but in 59 other constituencies. pat the leader.
On being informed, the police had reached the area and then this person tried to harm the policemen also.
Riia had already realized that she was calling so it was because she was meeting with Linda.
We as the village learned of this on the 27th Aug 2020 when we received a letter from Ami Tariang, that he has sent us the keys of the village houses.
He said that where did the fees of the students of last year go when the students did not receive them at all.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne has suggested the need for a special meeting between the KHADC and the Karbi Anlong Autonomous Council (KAAC) to discuss the issue. boundary dispute and how to resolve this by mutual understanding.
Dongmusa in the village is still alive and your holy blessings will remain.
:As the polling days are approaching, incidents related to election violence have also happened in these days, in which the election authorities together with the police have been counting the polling stations. vote for those who are at risk and those who are even more at risk.
The MPCC also said that many farmers, fishermen and entrepreneurs in various departments are suffering because the CM has not listened to the demands of the people regarding the assistance measures. lock down.
The forward will be the second foreigner to join the club in the 2023-23 season.
With this goal, the VPP sets objectives to bring about a change in the income of the state, to increase poverty and to ensure that the state becomes peaceful within its borders.
He said that like sying and shynrai, if they are made into other products, they should not be sold as they are obtained from the fields.
At the same time, Bah A.Shanpru urged that the rights of children and other explanations related to the Act should not be violated.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, after the Cabinet meeting today.
Dikkanchi denied that the sympathy will work in Garo Hills.
The event was opened by the Dean, Students Welfare, NEHU, Prof.S.Umdor.
“Doesn't this affect all the relatives?” asked the President of FKJGP, Bah Wellbirth Rani.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,839 and the death toll has risen to 1,5
Although for almost 3 months the villages and the people of the district have been cooperating with the government and this cooperation has been successful in preventing that this disease has not reached the area so far as the villages we do not They should not allow the government to destroy the hard work of the people by losing the trust of the people in the government.
ka thep shyieng: when the cultivation in the hills is finished and after the house is cleaned and strengthened, they turn back to the lehniam.
According to the law, she said, employers or contractors must provide detailed information to the contractors to ensure that no illegal workers will get jobs in the state.
The police arrested him.
On the allegations that the ethnic parties are not following the mountains, Paul said, “Everyone has their own understanding.
Ayushman Rabha, who was also the prominent bowler, took four wickets for only seven runs in his overs.
Besides the women, there were also young shopkeepers in the villages of Shillong who carried their own market placards to support the VPP protest as they too are concerned about the future.
However, the speech of Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, MDC Umroi, who is also one of the EMs in the EC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has shocked all the MDCs, as Bah Albinus has spoken against what others have said. pat that MDC that crane.
The RAA valve is made of the bones of the patient's jaw and does not require any medicines to be cleaned. growth in the patient’s body and this will save the need for repeated replacements.
This continued on Sunday when the rain fell from midnight on Sunday until it made it difficult for people to leave the roads because the footpaths were flooded.
“The General Secretary of the Madanryting Dorbar Shnong, Bah Cyprian Kharkongor, said that the Dorbar Shnong and the leaders of the Hmar, Gange, Kuki and other communities will also send a letter to the Government to request for the requirements of the Madanryting Dorbar Shnong. for these phetwir.
These days when the proceedings of the House are telecast, we see the members of the opposition just to impress themselves and to bury their deeds in the past 10 years. question to the 6-month-old government.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that people who have reached the age of 18 and up to 44 years will soon be able to get vaccinated against the corona virus. The state has purchased 42,000 drugs.
You shall not make noise or play noise by bringing in sound equipment that produces loud noise that disturbs others.
When contacted by the inspectors of the Kudam, they said that the cause of the fire cannot be explained, because it caught fire suddenly, but they suspected. that it may have been caused by the fire from tobacco and cigarette butts.
After decades of minute study, the result is unemployment that matches the level of education or ends up in unemployment.
Bihar tied for 219/8 on the first day and yesterday they increased to 270 runs and this failure of Bihar to tied put Meghalaya in trouble.
However, we don't think that our uniqueness has begun to disappear gradually.
Jowai: The Deaconess Social and Development Society of Shangpung Presbytery, in collaboration with Nehru Yuva Kendra Jowai, has launched on 16th July 2019 a 3 day training on “Youth Leadership and Community Development”. in Phramer village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, there are 61 coke factories in Shallang, West Khasi Hills and out of these, only 4 have proper permits to operate. others are simply operating illegally.
Rida said while walking along the road.
However, after the dorbar, Shylla said that he himself has requested to move his seat away from the CEM, because he does not want to be like in the past two days. lest something unwanted happen.
He said that no one was present at the time and no one witnessed the incident, but from what was seen, the signs of the deceased were that he was seriously injured. The head of Bah Teibanskhem Nongbri, who lives with the brother-in-law of Banteilang Dkhar, was thrown at the head of Bah Teibanskhem Nongbri.
“There is a complaint and when there is a complaint, we go to Ïewduh to resolve it and that is the decision that has been agreed upon by the farmers and traders,” he said.
AJCA bowlers included Saibormiki Passah for 3/17, Puraki Shadap Passah for 3/24 and Chwamiki Ryngkhlem for 2/7
Speaking on the occasion, KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Samla Donboklang Sawkmie said that the three youths arrested include Kitbok Kharsyntiew, Kitbok Lyngkhoi, Roland Wahlang from Mawiong and Bankupar from Umshing. and Khraw Marwein from Phudmuri and Nongmensong, are not members of KSU Mawlai Circle but are loyal and loyal members of the KSU.
When inquired by Congress Party Leader Charles Pyngrope on the increase in petrol and diesel prices, he said the state government can increase the Value Added Tax (VAT) on petrol and diesel in the state.
He said that although there may be some differences, the number of jobs received is about 1200 jobs per annum.
After they had all spoken, the chairman stood up to thank all the speakers.
He also expressed his sympathy when he learned that the mother in the house has to take care of six children, the eldest is only 14 years old and the youngest is only at the age of 2 years, when the household suffered too much and the father of the household died.
The body of Bah HDR Lyngdoh was brought to Sohiong on 22nd June after his sudden death on the 20th of this month at Bethany Hospital, Shillong.
The most important thing at such times is to have a purpose in life and a strong determination.
After learning of Marak's crimes, the villagers were angry with him and the family of his husband also held a family meeting and finally lodged an FIR with Ttura. PS on the 3rd of this month, but despite the FIR lodged, the man continued to stay at the house of his wife and finally they handed him over to the police.
The funeral service will be held on the 23rd June 2023 at 12 noon at Thadmynri.
The joining of Tariang and his supporters to the NPP raises questions whether the BJP will withdraw from Amlarem.
The NC President said that for years now, Kashmir has witnessed new issues in terms of drug abuse, which has been a serious concern for the society of the Kashmiris.
Shillong, July 15: Up to 46,000 youths from across India will be recruited in the Indian Armed Forces after the Cabinet of Ministers of India approved the Agnipath Scheme to recruit youths. in various armed forces of the country.
How can a teacher not know how much to give internal marks? He should not be responsible for this stupid teacher.
We know that politicians are just a picture, but those who run all the affairs of the government are the IAS officers. They really have the power to bring about change for the better.
He said the loss of property including wheat and others has reached T.30 to T.40 lakh.
Mehta also served in the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) as an IG and as an advisor to the Indian Mission to the European Economic Community in Brussels, Belgium.
“We are here to protect the land, customs and traditions and especially now in the ruling party there are members who have grown up.
He was named player of the match by PFR Soccer Camp.
Besides, the Crowborough and the hotel on Jail Road, which have been standing for decades, have now started to flourish and will soon be opened as the most prominent and largest hotels in the city.
Regarding these private trucks, he said the government has directed the state police to talk to the Assam police to ensure that the drivers do not face any problems when carrying fuel.
They also explained that before using them, they should wash them until midnight so that the drug will not smell anymore. Because if there are kids, the shalynnai will die and if there are those who fall and eat, it will affect their health.
Prestone Tynsong appealed to the people to work together with the government to prevent the spread of the disease.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that he has directed the Chief Engineer of the National Highway, to investigate the allegations. Dhar Construction Company for the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem-Jowai road.
Everyone laughed.
Furthermore, the doctors of various departments, even if they are the heads of departments, should cooperate and understand well with the Director, because without cooperation the work cannot go smoothly.
Not only that, they also explained to various schools that the students should use the footpaths because they have the right, not for the rights of those vendors.
Guwahati, July 27: The National People's Party (NPP) has alleged that the shooting death of four ANVC-B cadres in the past few days was not a shooting death in a clash or a gunfight, but a shooting incident. only the police killed them, in which they did this only to fulfill the orders of their boss.
“The people should not hesitate because what the Chief Minister has said in the House is not just a joke,” he said.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 11 new cases have been confirmed and 263 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The Minister of Road Transport Highways (MoRTH) has appointed the National Highway Infrastructure Development Corp.
Shillong, March 18: The Minister of Electricity, Bah Comingone Ymbon has not been able to respond to the demand of the employees of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL).
Pynhunlang Manik Syiem, DSP (Security Wing) SB has been posted as SDPO, Sohra.
Today, in this age, we hear and see the conflict between North Korea and South Korea, China and Taiwan, India and Pakistan, etc.
From the obvious, we see that there are film stars, whether it is Shatrughan Sinha, Rekha, or Jaya Bachchan and we see that they have not taken part well in their speeches in Parliament and If this is the case, it shows that the people of India or perhaps even their fellow MLAs, when they elect members to the Rajya Sabha, have not elected them with the intention of giving them the benefit of speaking well on important issues. as members.
Thus, the situation varies from one State to another.
The youth died on his way to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Looking at the media reports, this incident is very strange but the truth is that it should be clear”.
At the end of the game, the Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet, Bah Bosswell Khong Thorem, gave a speech. who destroy the community, the family and society.
“The meeting with the party leaders and the president is ongoing,” said Bah Bindo.
Prestone said that the working methods of the government are slow and slow and when I speak no one listens. “I spoke at the meeting of government ministers but no one listened. but into the wilderness.
At the same time, he said that the youth are the future for the betterment of the villages, society and as political leaders they come and go only within 5 years. The youth of the society are wrong, the political leaders are wrong and if the family, the community, the youth are successful and running smoothly, the society, the religion, the customs and The culture is alive and the nation has a future of hope.
how many do you understand?
He said that all the residents know that the PHE department should provide the source and the Municipal should provide the distribution of water. For the safety and security of the people, they should not blame one department against another or shake hands, they should fulfill their duties and responsibilities.
Shillong, July 28: Tens of thousands of children from various branches of the Seng Khasi and Sein from different parts of the country have flocked to the Lympung of the Sein Kyntu Sein Raij. The meeting was held on the 24th and 25th of this month at Sein Raij Jalaphet.
When he came to stay overnight here in Shillong, there were no Ministers who wanted to raise the issue of ILP, Khasi language and they ran away from him.
In the West, this plant is usually planted in rows so that it is easy to remove the weeds with a grubber or cultivator.
This decision was taken after a meeting in the Speaker's Chamber of the Legislative Assembly in the presence of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma, Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong, Health Minister AL Hek and MLAs including Balajied Kupar Synrem and Charles Pyngrope.
“It will be difficult for us but we hope that we are ready to fight to win the goal,” said Bah Alison Kharsyntiew.
The best speaker was Arijit Pattanyak of St Edmund's School, the second was Augustine Ams of H Elias and the fourth was Diksha Agarwal of BK Bajoria.
The miaw said again, "Turn around.
Monason Doloi, Adviser of Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar, said that the decision was taken after a meeting held yesterday by the Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar. Raid Warmawsaw-Umsohbar.
The tamsneng has received more than 10 lakh rupees.
Because those things are close.
Shillong: In a statement issued today, the office of the Commissioner of Transport, Government of Meghalaya, has warned against parking along the National Highway, except in areas not designated by the National Highway. Authority of India (NO).
inwww.meghalaya.
Police, after receiving a complaint regarding the theft of Sinal Sutnga's vehicle No.ML04 B 4089, together with the driver, who is the husband of Muntu Sheikh, have launched a search operation. Patharkandi Police Station, Patharkandi Police Station, have arrested three persons involved in the theft of this vehicle on 18th November 2013, they are Md Sahidul Alam, 26 years old and Md Faruk. Udin, 23, of Katigora, Assam, Jamir Hussein, 27, Guddu Dass, 33, of Badarpur, Assam and Faruk Udin, 23, of Kalain, Assam; Police have not yet arrested the vehicle, as it was taken by another friend.
Nongpoh, March 21: It is a great blessing for the residents of Nongpoh Constituency which falls on the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam, as today 6 villages have received the jobs. Six work-orders have been issued for the implementation of various development projects under the Inter State Border Area Development Program (ISBADP) of the Government of Meghalaya. .
This is the way to get the rights of the Khasi people, not to lose their race.
The training will last for two days including training and practical training for agriculture staff at the Integrated Agricultural Training Center (IATC), Upper Shillong.
This custom is not passed on to the mothers, fathers and mothers in their inheritance. It is the wisdom of the ancestors to leave the family to give food to each other.
"The Queen has acknowledged the role of the media as protectors of human rights.
Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe has informed the club's management that he will not take any more opportunities. to extend his contract until
The clash between the DC's order and the statement of the PD of NHAI, came after the DC's order, allowed vehicles carrying less than 30 tonnes to pass through the Dwarksuid Bridge, while the PD NHAI, after the inspection and speaking to the media, said that as of now, the bridge is not suitable for heavy vehicles.
Tendulkar holds the top spot with 2278 runs in 45 appearances in the World Cup.
JDU MP Anil Sahni has been found guilty of increasing his travel bill. Nongpoh, July 13: Kum The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS), Ri-Bhoi Mihngi, Ri-Bhoi Mihngi, which is also the union which has led from 70 villages, to congratulate the vision of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and NEIG RIHMS. Therefore, I would like to extend my special greetings to these two health authorities.
The word 'Christianity' is composed of two nouns, one is the Common noun 'Christian' which refers to a person and the other is the Abstract noun '-ity' means the actions of a person.
In the two weeks since India assumed the G20 Presidency, the world has begun to see the nature of India’s hospitality system in action– where those we receive are sacred.
About 20 European leaders who attended a meeting in Paris on Monday took the difficult decision to show the President of the United Nations. Russia - Vladimir Putin says European countries will stand with Ukraine if Russia does not end the war.
Peter turned down the TV and listened carefully to the speech of his elderly mother, who was at least 65 years old.
Therefore, the Seng demands that the government should immediately provide nurses and doctors at the hospital so that it will not affect the patients who come to sleep at the hospital.
“This is only the beginning and the BJP in Meghalaya will support the Central Government to continue to monitor this until it is cleaned up from the source,” said Bah Mawrie. no Government has so far been able to curb the spread of drugs in Meghalaya.
“We are pleased to say that since the launch of these schemes, lakhs of women and youth have registered and if the TMC comes to power within 100 days we will implement them,” he said. Charles Pyngrope.
The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Fire and Emergency Service (F&ES) Shillong on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene.
“About 2,50,000 people have died immediately after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine.
In the middle of the road Rida saw her Babu walking opposite her, but she tried her best to hide from him.
The United Liberation Front (UDF) on Tuesday issued a statement against the Assam Director General of Police, GP Singh, in connection with the recent activities. not done by the police in the state.
The basic teaching we have received from our ancestors is that we should love our own and respect the property of others.
It is learned that there are about 20 or 21 contractors working on the Pynursla-Nohwet road, but those who do the work are said to be working at 8 and 5 kilos.
The UDP has won only two ministerial seats in the MDA 2.0 government, which is much less than in 2018 when the UDP won only six seats. Minister up to 3 Ministers along with the Lamphang seat while in this election although it has won up to 11 MLAs it has won only two Cabinet seats and has not won even a seat. Lightning too.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has denied any involvement in the removal of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem from the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). “It is the responsibility of the MDCs, as happened in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) where the UDP was ousted from power by the NPP. UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that politics in KHADC is high level politics. satar) or high voltage politics.
Kalaragini Rajshekhar is a resident doctors category.
The meeting with the leaders from different districts of Ri Lum Khasi and Jaintia Hills, aimed to discuss the three candidates, including Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, u former member of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC); DLR Nonglait, President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS); and Bah PT Sawkmie, former Legislator of Mawlai.
This means that there must be strategies to promote income, trade and economic growth.
Bah PR Marwein said that this new technology has been tried in these two areas where the rainfall is more heavy because it can be more stable and durable.
Modi also spoke about the work that his government is doing now and said, “This government is for the poor, and will continue to do so.
“These allegations are baseless and are fabricated to defame him out of personal hatred,” Joseph said.
We have set a target to implement the new machines by the end of this month,” said the managing director of MCCL. employees have faced delay in payment of salaries, and others.
Shillong, July 20: While there is talk in these days, on the leadership struggle in the government of Mukul Sangma, there is also news, in these days, that Roshan Warjri, Minister of State for The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, has expressed to the Chief Minister, that it does not want to continue to hold the Ministry of Home Affairs, which is a department that has received many criticisms these days, especially on the There are different activities in Garo Hills.
He said the party will not rest and will take other stronger measures until it succeeds.
On the other hand, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne has expressed his concern over the plight of the people who earn their living from the coal mining industry and on his part, he has requested the government authorities to take action. so that the people can continue their daily activities.
“Our MLAs have become Chief Ministers in their respective constituencies.
The purpose of the organization of various festivals in the state is to promote tourism and attract tourists from all over the world, through festivals and festivals where the wealthy can earn money. They have the opportunity to showcase their talents whether it is in song, dance, music and so on.
A case has been registered under Section 45(6)2023u/s21(c)29NDPS Act.
“The spectators of the World Cup final are not only from India, but also from all over the world like Dubai, Australia and South Africa,” he said. said Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Association of Gujarat President Narendra Somani.
At the same time, the Government and the TVC will also prepare City/Town Street Vending Plans for the allocation of outlets and non-occupancy areas in many parts of the city/village. .
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor has admitted that there has been an arrangement to hold office with Bah AL Hek for two and a half years in the NPP-led MDA coalition government. However, it was seen that Bah Hek has denied that there will be such an arrangement.
Contempt of House- A person who speaks or utters words that are against the sanctity of the House of Lords, whether at the level of the village, raij or hima, including in the dalariti or dorbar. Thawaiñ State.
In this regard, the NSCN has rejected the NIA's testimony. The NSCN has thought far ahead regarding this misleading statement by the Indian government against the NIA. which has signed a ceasefire agreement with the government and has been involved in political dialogue for the past 27 years.
Shiningstar Dkhar SDB, on the 17th November 2023, at Madan Parish Ladrymbai, at 10:00 pm by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Archbishop of Shillong, in the presence of Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar. DD, Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai, together with the Priests of the Diocese of Jowai and the Priests from other places.
You have heard what the prime minister has said recently.
It should go according to the documents, the condition of the land, the number of residents and so on to not own those land.
On the other hand, the HYC leaders expressed their surprise how this road which is part of the scheme of the Government of India through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project and funded by the World Bank, has been constructed in this manner.
Diya Biswa scored 3/14 from 7 overs while Jennyfer Fancon scored 2/8 from 7 overs and Dejianna M Sangma scored 2/8 from 7 overs. 2/11 in 7 overs.
The company is now looking to create job opportunities in Meghalaya through its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) branches implemented under the
Men: T Etcheverry  over Y Nishioka by 7-6(8), 6-0, 6-1; N Djokovic defeated K Khachanov 4-6, 7-6(0), 6-2, 6-4.
“The Prime Minister has time to talk about peace for Ukraine, to participate in the Israeli-Palestinian issue, to around the world and the country to campaign, but he doesn't have time for Manipur.
The awards ceremony was conducted by Bording Lyngdoh, Chairman, Mawkyrwat, Harvester Khongthaw, Secretary, Mawkyrwat. the prayer of the church.
After this, Dr DD Lapang appointed new ministers and handed over the Labor Department to Bah Paul and after that, Bah Paul appointed people to these vacant posts.
“Before the end of 2021, I brought TMC to the state because I have faith in myself and the people in the state and I would like to thank my colleagues who have believed in going with me. I don't have a TMC party,” he said.
The DC Ri Bhoi, has urged these people to think about themselves and to wear masks, and if they feel that they have any symptoms, such as rheumatism, shitmet and jynjar ha If you have any symptoms, please contact the health department by calling 03638232028/1077 or the helpline number
Perhaps it is easier for the political parties to support, because the political parties should cover the whole state, even if only the ethnic parties are counted.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Combined Amen Club, Mission Shillong on Saturday celebrated its 100th Anniversary at the Durbar Hall, Mission.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Bah Lamphrang Kharbani has expressed his concern over the shortage of indigenous people in Meghalaya to pass the IAS, IPS, IFS and other examinations. They have lost their opportunities due to the non-inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
When I tried to inquire why the police department has not been able to provide the daily allowance to the driver, the policeman replied that the allowance will be included in the Bill. the car," said Mr. Pyniaid.
At the meeting led by Samuel Jyrwa Chairman, NESO said that it is time for the Government of India to take action to invite talks with the various rebel groups. in the Eastern Hemisphere.
Not only that, Rupang's investigation shows that in East Khasi Hills, there are MLAs who are using their MLA scheme for the year 2021 to help the victims of Covid-1 They include Bah Gavin Mylliem, who spent T.50 lakh; AL Hek, HM Shangpliang, Charles Pyngrope, Balajied Synrem, PT Sawkmie, Lambor Malngiang, Hamletson Dohling and SK Sun spent T.50 lakh.
According to the rules, the Leader of the Opposition must come from the party that wins at least 10 MLAs or (one out of 60 members of the Assembly).
And this not only asked but encouraged the Christian community.
It is also hoped that detailed information will be found regarding the misuse of funds.
At the same time, Paul said that the state will also witness the Cherry Blossom Festival in Japan in June and the activities of the people in Japan will be brought to improve the celebration of the Cherry Blossom Festival. Cherry Blossom Festival in the state in November.
This happens because there is no transparency or clarity on what happened to clarify everything and know the reason.
At present, 10 cases of Covid-19 in the state have recovered from the disease, and this shows that it is because of the prayers of all the people of the state. “Daughter, your faith has made you well.
Meanwhile, the meeting was attended by Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi, Rona Khymdeit, MDC from Nongpoh, Donkupar Sumer, MDC from Umsning, Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC from Umsning, Bah UDP General Secretary Ri Bhoi with leaders from various circles and units in Ri Bhoi.
Near Langdongdai, ancient money was found by an old man named Thaw Khuriang from Porskhen.
Nongpoh: After the expiry of the term of office of the former leaders, the leaders of the RBYF Sengkmie, have confirmed the new office bearers of the Umran Dairy Unit.
Aryan Arya, who was previously known as Mohd Ibrahim Sidhiqui, converted to Hinduism on 23rd June 2018 in Raipur.
Shillong: A light in the shape of a dish antenna was seen by passengers while they were walking from Pynursla to Sohbar this morning.
“We need to celebrate together, women in their homes, girls also celebrate this special day because the Government of India with the theme of this day,” he said. said Dr. Ampareen.
They were in a group of 11 and the incident took place on 10th July
Therefore, the village strongly condemns the robbers, who were involved in the murder of this man and demanded that the police should take action to track down the robbers and to Give us a severe punishment, so that such things will not happen again.
MCCL is a company that has been a burden to the state government and earlier, the government had spent about T.22.3 crore to retire 145 employees.
After receiving a complaint from some dealers, the union has met with the DC to find out who is involved in the distribution of rice to the poor. The behavior of the wholesalers has caused a lot of criticism to the dealers by the beneficiaries but when inquired the shortage of rice is from the dealers.
Referring to the region's natural resources, which have also earned it the title of the gateway to Southeast Asia, the Prime Minister said the most important thing is to connect this region. the region and other countries of Southeast Asia by land and air roads as well as to have special programs to promote the culture of the people of this region and the people of other countries of Southeast Asia. East Asia.
Shillong: U MP and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor has criticized the work of the Congress government on Tuesday. The state under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has done many things especially in the field of education and empowerment of women.
Samla Ulrich said that according to the information received from the SDO, the main reason for the increasing power outages in the Nongpoh area is due to the shortage of staff in the department.
Dibarmin Pohtam, Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Nahar Punjee, demanded that the police should immediately arrest those who came to attack the Khasi.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh said that their visit to the college was to find out for themselves the needs of the college. They will have to come forward to force the government to implement their demands.
Referring to the need for reservation policy after 50 years of independence, Babu Shanpru said that in his personal view, there is no need for reservation anymore and everyone should fight without a special portion, where those who come forward should receive it.
However, due to the lack of information from the authorities, no information has been received yet.
F.Siangshai of KB Memorial Secondary School went to Budmiha O.Mukhim of HK Sing Secondary School.
Another difficulty is that these thinkers do not explain the concept of free will.
On the same day, the Seng Pyni Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, distributed gifts to 12 youngsters, intelligent women and those who attend the Seng Pyni which is held at home. The meeting was held at Mawkhar, Shillong on Wednesday.
He urged the Supreme Court to consider the decisions of the Reservation Policy.
At the same time, she wishes them to continue their studies and wishes the parents to earn enough money so that they can send their children to higher education. higher.
“We need to talk about adequate education because the University has not come forward in the past years from various examinations,” he said.
Amebalaker Wanniang has been selected to train in archery at the TATA Archery Academy in Jharkhand.
It may be recalled that Law Nongthroh on the slopes of Lum Sohpetbneng is a place that has been discovered by the scientists and the civil society led by Dr Marco Mitri. the stones, and the marble and marble, which have been used by our ancestors since ancient times.
The election for the post of CEM has required a new election after the Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar became low paid in the election on Tuesday.
Regarding the roles of the Dorbar Shnongs, the Minister said, “We have taken the Dorbars as parts of the Social Welfare Department, and there are also calls that have come through the support. of the village councils themselves.
He suggested that other jobs that are regular during the struggle should be taken only a little but the political parties should not be taken at a reasonable price because they come to hold meetings only once every five years.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to close down the house of Sushila Gewali, Nepali Compound, Rilbong and the house of Pronoti Choudhary, Chinmoy Paul Building, Rilbong. (courtesy of Beat House).
Miss Air Jyrwa, Miss E.Jyrwa, Miss I.Dkhar and others were present on the occasion. They expressed their gratitude and joy to the teachers of the school. FKJGP Mawlai Circle led by Bah Marbud Dkhar as President and all the members to donate and especially to remember these small works from the grass root to develop the students of this school.
However, in the neo-liberal and market economy era, these stories have been kidnapped by the big businessmen and businessmen.
There are also political parties which do not have candidates but have not yet announced their names.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the Workers Power of Meghalaya, Bah Kenneth Swer said that in the second round of the tournament, all 18 unions are expected to participate. take part in it.
The EM said that if the Syiem can issue a license, why can't he issue the NOC to foreigners who do not have Trading License due to lack of NOC? Those who trade under the jurisdiction of KHADC need to obtain an Agreement with the shopkeepers, NOC from the Village Authority and also a License from the KHADC. The EM said that there are Khasi who have come to work as their shopkeepers, but on his part, he said that if they want to stay or not, They also need to sign an agreement with the KHADC to stay or give away to their fellow Khasi.
These traditional items are sold at various exhibitions and those who wish can also order, the annual sale of these items is only about 20 to 30 sets.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the commemoration of Syiem Tirot Singh should not end with the laying of flowers every year but should follow in his footsteps.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : To promote Japanese culture in Meghalaya and to strengthen bilateral relations on culture and history, the Japan Caravan started on Thursday in Shillong with the participation of the Ambassador. Hiroshi Suzuki accompanied by Ministers of State Government of India Ampareen Lyngdoh and AL Hek.
Mihmyntdu SS beat Shangpung Govt UP RMSA 4-1 while Adventist HSS beat Archivers SS Ummulong 3-0
Besides, the ENJC feels that this rule should be considered by your office to allow only the indigenous people to sign social contracts among themselves and not foreigners”.
Daniel Goncalves scored a goal in the first minute of the first half to give Shillong Lajong Football Club a 1-point lead against Rajasthan United Football Club in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. I-League tournament.
What is the reason for authorizing all the Dorbar Shnongs to announce publicly that the goods should be sold at these prices? Or has the GST and other taxes increased slowly during the lockdown?  We thank the government for providing food and money to the people.
According to the view of the union, if trucks are allowed to pass through this bridge, it will endanger the people of the area.
The meeting decided to submit a copy of the complaint, the report of the Fact Finding Committee and the letter that NEHU has decided to take the necessary measures under the Anti-Ragging Act of the UGC. However, the Union said that the Vice Chancellor has declared that these documents are “official and confidential” which means that they cannot be issued.
The manager was arrested under the POCSO Act. The manager was reportedly ill and admitted to hospital.
How did Daniel foretell this? “And in one month (seven years) he shall make a firm covenant with many: and in the midst of that month (3 1⁄2 years) he shall take away the sacrifice and the sacrifice; and there shall come one that shall cause desolation” (Daniel 9:27).
Speaking to media, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Transport, said that the Government has not discussed anything in this regard. The Government of India has decided not to punish those who pay taxes late or those who have to renew their vehicle licences.
Jowai, Naiwieng 02: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has organized a 15-day training course on Soap making and food processing from fruits and vegetables.
I don't want to make my name famous as an MLA, if I can't do anything for you the people.
They also spoke harsh words and did wicked things; but if money is offered, they are quick to fulfill it.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Three Congress MDCs in JHADC have been elected in a special session today.
There have been 142 cases, 95 undergoing treatment and 42 recoveries.
These are Water, Wind and Fire.
Shillong: The SSA teachers under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers' Association (AMSSASTA) have urged the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to take action to release their salaries, which have been suspended for three months.
Sangma also presented to the Minister some new proposals for support from DoNER and the North Eastern Council.
Peace will not come through jealousy, conflict, hatred, pride, money, power, war...Don't be sorry for me when I write this.
On the other hand, Bah Sunesh M Syiem, said that after the renovation of the stadium, the union will ensure that clubs or private individuals who wish to use the stadium will have to be who are sure to pay for the use of the ground.
He criticized the BJP for misusing the scheme to help the churches, alleging that it was an attempt to buy votes with the money.
“Even though we didn't vote today, the Chairman cast a vote which didn't require his vote and this action of him has violated the Constitution. rules of the Council.
However, when these problems happen, not only the children but the parents must also take the same responsibility that they too are the cause of the decline of society.
This award encourages us to continue to move forward to develop unique and perfect products and to collaborate with international groups for sustainability in various sectors.
With this goal, Mawlai SC struck the end of the first half and Mawlai SC went to the end of the first half.
“How can the price of dewbilat be increased to 35 percent without any reason?
We were all born in Garo Hills, we lived in Garo Hills and we will end our lives in Garo Hills, that's why we need to have cooperation”.
She also saluted for the March Past of 14 Contingents including Police, Schools, Colleges, NCC, Scouts & Guides who have committed themselves to take part in this day and to honor the the Ri.
Although in other constituencies in Ri Bhoi, many candidates have announced their intention to contest the 2023 election and when it comes to Umroi Constituency, only 3 names of candidates have been announced. George B.Lyngdoh, Sitting MLA, Damanbait Lamre, son of former Umroi MLA, Ngaitlang Dhar and SW Rymbai, former Umroi MLA. .
The meeting was sponsored by the State Resource Center for Disability Affairs (SRCDA) Civil Hospital Shillong. The Trained Community-Based Rehabilitation Worker (CBRW) has thoroughly reviewed the category of 27 persons with disabilities. After a thorough examination, they were able to register for their Aadhar Number.
They were riding in their Alto (ML 05 E 3276) when they were coming from Sohra area. Suddenly, their vehicle collided with another vehicle. The incident occurred at 13 miles Mylliem.
It has also banned the transportation of coal from the District to other places within the District or outside the District.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Conrad Sangma expressed his satisfaction after the long-standing aspiration of the people has been fulfilled and said that the opening of this new C&RD Block will further enhance the development of the C&RD Block. operations of the Government to the public.
This is the truth that if we live in poverty, it is difficult for us to be happy.
With this victory, Mawshynrut Block has qualified for the semi final.
The Asst.General Manager of SBI in Garo Hills has warned that if the abducted BM is not released, all the branches of SBI will be closed without delay.
Police took the two men to the hospital for postmortem and after the examination, the doctors of the government hospital said that both of them sustained minor injuries.
Indeed, although synsar is a crop that supports many households, it is necessary for synsar growers to monitor and evaluate the condition of the synsar hill and the fertility of the soil. Their children and their descendants will need a land that is not only fertile but also dry.
There are 12 teams participating in this tournament and they are divided into four pools.
However, he went on loan to Rajasthan United, where he made 17 I-League appearances.
The owners went out to light the fire and moved around the house.
The exact reason for the burning has not been revealed, but the owners of the land suspect that it may be because some people want to sell these fields to turn them into mines.
Meanwhile, the owners of the coal mine, “They said they left the body in the coal mine saying that they are Bangladeshis,” said Sultan Hussain, who told reporters in Khliehriat.
District and Block authorities have immediately sent teams to assess the damage caused by the cyclone.
I was told by a friend from Umtyrnga, a village on the border of Assam, why those places in Byrnihat after the bridge to the right when the road from Shillong to Guwahati is under the rule of Assam because the Khasi people have sell to foreigners and Assam will be ruled.
Besides, the Shillong Traffic Police has allowed four wheelers and two wheelers motorcycles to pass through the Police Bazar road. Bah Paul Lyngdoh recently during his inspection of the market, expressed his feeling that it is necessary not to allow four wheelers and two wheelers motorcycles to pass through the market.
In the second leg, East Bengal FC beat Neroca FC 2-1 at home.
No government that believes in the lives and livelihoods of the small indigenous people of the State has so far been able to introduce such strict laws to curb the entry and exit of the State. and illegal residence of foreigners in the State.
That is why Jesus said, “You are those who justify yourselves in the sight of men, but God knows your hearts, for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.
The medical camp was concluded with dances and songs prepared by the students of the school.
The training programs include MBA, PhD Programme, as well as Executive Fellow in Management or PhD offered by IIM Shillong.
S.Kharjana, one of the ASHA leaders, said that the government's delay in paying the salaries has caused many problems but when they went to inform them, no one believed. “There are those who have recovered and some have died, but the ASHAs have not received their payment,” she said.
In his speech, one of the elders, strongly criticized the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, saying that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, does not give the right judgment and does not do what the people agree. He shall be the Village Leader, but before the Syiem shall appoint an Acting Person, who has a relationship with the officials of the Hima Mylliem and KHADC. The Hima Mylliem has listened to the complaint of some people and has been quick to remove the Rangbah Shnong. Kyrmen Rynghang, Acting Rangbah Shnong, has been appointed as the Acting Chief, while Karbius Lyngdoh, who is supported by the people, has been removed as the Rangbah Shnong. The Hima Mylliem does not follow the laws of the country.
People in England have now been ordered to wear masks when entering banks and shops.
God has blessed us in our jobs, he has blessed us with wealth but thankfully he has blessed us to be like servants of the people to look after the household,” said Ngaitlang. Dr.
The District Reserve Guards (DRG) of Sukma left for the area after receiving a tip about the presence of insurgents in the area.
The Government of India has implemented the New Education Policy and the main issue is to change the name of the Department of Human Resource Development (HRD) to the Department of Education. opinion.
Nongstoiñ, June 30: The FKJGP Nongjri Area Unit has met with the SDO PWD Road Sonapahar Division to express its concern over the deterioration of the road from Riangsih to Nongjri.
When asked about the 3 percent assistance to farmers, he said the assistance is only for NABARD Bank which is the nodal agency for loans. The state government has provided 3 percent assistance only to those farmers who have taken KCC loans.
The venues for the festival are: Street Play at Nongmensong Market and Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah on the 16th and 17th of November at 1 pm. 8th, November at 8.30 pm and the drawing at Jaiaw on the 20th, November at 9 pm.
There are also those who said that the meeting organized by Bah Pynshngaiñ today, which is the day of the visit of Congress Chief Minister CP Joshi, to Shillong, is to show that he does not believe in the Congress party. Others said that it is his wish to form his own political party which will be launched in
There were many categories in the Women's Single, Veteran Single, Veteran Doubles, Men's Single Senior and Men's Double Senior categories. Trophy with money.
Furthermore, he reminded us of the freedom struggle of Nelson Mandela.
...although the culture of the foreigners has spread to these hills, but the indigenous people have fought hard to preserve their culture and to live and rule independently according to the democracy established by their ancestors...Lah ban Although the Foreign Government is involved in the administration of the Hima, it does not interfere in the matters relating to the rights and public administration through the Syiems and Dorbar Hima.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle, today sent a letter to the Range Officer of the Forest (T) Department, Nongpoh, to urge him to cut down the trees. They are from Quinine village, which is located near the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, because there are many trees inside the village, which have caused danger to the people in the village.
Police have searched for the father of the robber but have not found him as he has fled the scene and it was only at night when he returned to his mother's house that the family members informed the police. camp you.
Mewalal Choudhary is also accused of corruption in the construction of Sabaur Agricultural University.
KSU leaders said that when they met him, he had promised to come but suddenly he informed that he could not come as well as an independent candidate.
Lumparing Sports Club scored five goals when S.Khongwet scored in the 5th and 22nd minutes and I.Marbaniang in the 33rd minute. and 50, and I.Khongthaw scored in the 54th, 57th, 61st and 66th minutes.
He said that for a month now, the army has closed the bridge with shiah signs which has caused problems to the people in coming and going. The people have to walk through the Umkhen River which has caused problems to the people. tam during high water.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Legal Metrology Department, which is responsible for the inspection of goods of traders and companies, has operated as a disabled body due to the shortage of staff. and it cannot function properly to assist the public.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 13: The District Level Committee of the District Promotion Society, Mawkyrwat today held a tournament for the ' The 12 kms Independence Day Run 2022 in Mawkyrwat started and ended at the ground of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
The residents tried to help extinguish the fire and remove the belongings from the house, but they could not because of the speed of the fire which started from one room and spread to other parts of the house. home.
Speaking to Mawphor, KJFWRA Secretary Bah D Marbaniang said that before importing fish into the state, it is tested from Andhra Pradesh to ensure that it is safe for consumption.
One of the orders issued by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has ordered to conduct a household survey to find out how many people have not yet received the TIKA so that there will be no shortage of TIKA. TIKA. The wording of this order states that all the residents of the district have to take this TIKA. However, as it appears from the public media, there is a shortage in the supply of this TIKA. this is also true, it would have been better to give full TIKA to all those who want to get TIKA to remove their fears.
The injured Thin was taken to Nartiang PHC for treatment.
So it is time for that great tribulation to come upon the earth, and now it has begun.
According to police, two GNLA cadres were seriously injured in the shooting and managed to escape by foot in the forest. GNLA Area Commander Kiljang R Sangma, also known as Jangjang, Kongsil and other GNLA members were also present in the shooting. This is due to the participation of the people in the area.
There are 1225 Adhoc Lower Primary Schools and 667 Adhoc Schools in the state.
Meghalaya, continuing to bat in the second innings, had difficulties in the beginning but managed to score 46 runs without losing a wicket, thanks to the good batting of Manthan Dey and Shubham. Rasaily.
As of June 1,2022, a total of 34 people have lost their lives.
“I believe that the Sohiong constituency is wise to elect an MLA who has worked hard in the past five years and who has improved the villages which have been destroyed in the past”.
"This is not the first time the state government has cut the budget.
Among these candidates are 12 incumbent MDCs including Het Pohthmi from War West, CEM Madonbai Rymbai from Sohmynting, Chemhok Garod from Nangbah, former CEM Thombor Shiwat from Nartiang. KM Lytan of Shangpung, Skhembok Suchiang of Thadmuthlong, Phasmoon Dkhar of Musniang Rangad, Violet Lyngdoh of Rymbai Khliehriat Constituency and Ma La.
Speaking to media, HITO Ri-Bhoi President Ban Kharnaior, Secretary Kenny Nongrum, Apbor Nongrum Vice President and other members said that the organization will stand against the incident. The vacant camp in Ri-Bhoi District which was planned to be built in Jorabat.
The death toll has risen to 1,358, bringing the total number of deaths to 3.9 lakh.
He stressed the need to know the laws and regulations and also to have a close relationship with the people in the public service and encouraged these youths to start themselves to bring about change and to achieve also the training from the Academy which is the best in the country.
He said that under the Mission, more than 2,700 km of smart roads, nearly 7,000 smart classrooms, installation of more than 50 lakh LED/solar lights and more than 300 smart health centers have been constructed. .
The purpose of moving the dorbar hall to this place is to clean up the overcrowded city.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the government is now looking for people who have been in contact with the man to learn more about the corona virus infection of a man from Ri-Bhoi district. .
Bah Johny Marbaniang – Finance Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
Please check the website of the State to find out how many departments work within the Power Department, www.meghalaya.
“If all the MLAs in the State Legislative Assembly unite and agree for the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule and also to resolve the boundary of the Khasi language, It is necessary that all the leaders should give the same voice so that there will be peace for the future and the future generation,” said Bah Dohling.
The government said that about 15 teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and 12 teams of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) have already been deployed in the districts of Devbhumi Dwarka, Rajkot, Jamnagar, Junagadh, Porbandar, Gir Somnath, Morbi and Valsad to implement them if necessary at any time.
A total of 19 children participated in the program including 4 shooters.
Special thanks also go to the Dorbar Shnong of Lum Ba Tngen for providing all the necessary facilities.
A woman, Kong Hailsentinari Marweiñ, 25, has died when her house collapsed in Jashiar on the road. and Jakrem sha Matthew.
They have to think about us who have been in college for only one year,” said Malngiang, informing that the 4th Semester classes will start next month and all the students of the semester have decided not to wear clothes. Wear uniforms when you come to class.
According to the decision, the dewbilat factories have agreed to pay the new fare from 15th November, but these factories have violated what has already been arranged.
Marak's mother, Mina S. Marak, suspected that the death of her son may have been caused by the law enforcement agencies.
Not only that, she said that every time they met, he used to kiss her and put his head for a while between the beard of the actress.
“Therefore, I would like to know about the status of this investigation and let us be fair to our farmers.
The program was attended by Bah Manuel Badwar, Bah Janai Nongkynrih, Prominent Khasi Dance Teacher, Bah Rapborlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, International Marketing Director of Mr.Elite International. , Mother of Eulaila A.Malngiang, brothers and sisters and relatives.
This means that even the youth of the State will become involved in these illegal activities and this will cause many problems in the society and once you become addicted to these illegal activities, it will lead back to theft. , thok and shukor and jot pra in the homes and especially among the youth.
The ambulance was from Umran Niangbyrnai village, Ri Bhoi.
The incident at one of the shops in Khyndailad is minor, and there are still many who are reluctant to speak out for fear of losing their jobs, which allows the robbers to take advantage of the situation, said the statement. KHNAM.Discrimination against women in the workplace is a violation of the fundamental rights of women as guaranteed by Articles 14 and 15 of the Constitution of India. live and work in dignity according to article 21 of the constitution, the statement added.
“However, I am afraid that there are organizations, elders who say that the jaitbynriew has been in the dark, where is that night, what is that night, while there is a District Council, we will continue. ".
Also present on the occasion were Bah Octomewot Lamin, MDC JHADC, Fr Hilarious Lamare, Parish Priest, Jowai Parish, Dr. P. Shylla, Senior Medical Officer-in-charge of Blood Bank-Jowai, Dr. Phillip PB Marweiñ, Founding Member of Ai Jingim Foundation, Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu, Bah Abul Phawa, Emmanuel Sumer, Chairman of the Youth Assembly of Mihmyntdu Presbyterian Church, leaders of the Mihmyntdu Catholic Church and others.
Dr Mukul said it was the Congress party which opposed the BJP government with many protests and that is why the BJP government did not dare to introduce the Bill in the Rajya Sabha.
For the time being, perhaps we should turn our attention only to the issues relating to our election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly, and the holders of Khadar rule.
Also present on the occasion were M Hoque Chancellor of USTM, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet Vice Chairman MREGC, Bah RB Shadap President Ri-Bhoi Dorbar and other dignitaries in the presence of teachers and students.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 10: The Sohparu Youth Association in collaboration with the office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Nongstoiñ, on the 8th of this month celebrated the Women International Day. 2023", in the presence of the Sordar of Sohparu Bah GR Marweiñ, Secretary Bah GS Marweiñ and the elders of the village.
Another honoree was Dr Bhaskar Borgohain, who has rendered services in the field of health and Kong Shidalin Marbaniang, who was the first woman to produce napkins in the state.
This reporter spoke by telephone with the President of the Nongkheiñ Association of Shat Shat Pran Jala on the incident in Ri-Bhoi.
According to the Minister, the state government is now ready to distribute the ration cards to all the households in the state who have been selected to receive this ration according to the law.
This was announced by the Minister of Labour, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh in the recently concluded Synrai Legislative Assembly.
Police suspect that the cause of death was due to drowning, as they have not yet identified the exact cause.
A student has a goal and chooses which line he wants to study, whether he wants to go to school or become an IAS, Doctor, Engineer and so on.
“As a team, we are happy to be able to play on a suitable ground where even if we pass the ball there is no injury or suffering to the players and we have been able to play on a good ground. plastic (artificial turf) since the beginning at Chandmari ground.
He said that recently the BSF arrested 40 Bangladeshis from Sonapur in Jaintia Hills with explosives who were trying to enter India and later tried to return to Bangladesh.
This is one of the reasons why the shiliang is so strong.
When there are many jobs, only three or four people are allowed because it is impossible to do all the jobs with one employee as the Manager.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC beat Sutnga SSCC 1-0 in the final of the 3rd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at Phlang Plastic, Diengshyn. November 10th.
Notification No.SG.12/97/169 dated 8th July, 2019, approved the creation of an OSD post for Marak in the Printing and Stationery Department.
After more than 30 years of campaigning for the implementation of this Act, we are pleased that more and more families have been able to share their sons and daughters.
Congratulating the football team which won the Khelo India Youth Games, the Chief Minister said that the team has made the state proud and added, “They have won the championship and this shows “They can achieve their goals if we are determined and put the goals first,” he said.
He published this book after receiving permission from the University to complete his Ph.D.
There! He explained how they were and man.
The syrwa and the ktungrymbai fit together like the sohphlang and the nei.
In the end, good governance brings peace and strength, justice and cleanliness.
He said that the Congress, in its election manifesto, has expressed that it wants to improve the wealth of the people and that is “If you have a four room house, then they will take two rooms and Not only that, but the Congress will take away the rights of women and therefore the country will not allow such a plan,” he said.
She is our senior Minister and comes from a family to serve the people of the state and her late father, Bah Peter Garnette Marbaniang who has made a great contribution for the state. and we want her to follow in the footsteps of her father and continue to work hard for the people of this state,” said Dhar.
During the festival, the Seng Samla Lawsohtun has organized various programs which have entertained the youth of the village.
In general, prophets are prophets who foretell the future and are also known as God's messengers on earth.
He said the SDO had charged about T.3600 for four days to the polling officers at each polling station and this was illegal.
Rishra village in Hooghly district of West Bengal is still facing problems due to clashes during the Ram Navami procession where stone throwing and clashes broke out. It was on the night of the third day.
This training will start from the first day of class at 1st level.
The UDP Youth Wing said that the residents are facing problems with this behavior of MUDA in which they apply for permission to ring bording from MeECL, they are immediately rejected if they have not received permission to build houses from MeECL. Bah Syiemlieh said that Mawlai which falls outside the Municipal boundary but MUDA without consulting and consulting with the village authorities has done its own thing.
Mawtngam, KSU South West Khasi Hills District and KSU Mawkyrwat Circle together with several elders have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. They cannot take the time to do it themselves by contributing to the construction of the remaining 1400 meters (1.4 km) road.
According to the PWM (Amended) Rules, 2021, the manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and use of plastic bags made of new or recycled plastic less than 75 microns (75 µ or 0.075 mm thickness) has been removed from 30th November, 2021 compared to the fifty micron (50 μ) previously recommended under the PWM Rules,
Shillong: The Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hills University, Prof. PS Shukla, on Tuesday admitted that he has not yet received any letter from the Principals, that they have not implemented the New Education Policy 2020 as decided by the NEHU. He said that all the students, principals of colleges have agreed except for one or two groups where he met including the HYC, FKJGP, NEHUSU and all have been explained on the need. to implement the NEP
The Canadian trade group said that Meghalaya has many opportunities to work with the state in many areas such as water treatment, to benefit from the waste generated from the environment, in the field of agriculture and road construction at a reasonable cost.
He said the EC has promised to take care and after the budget session, the EC will visit the border areas especially those that are often disturbed to understand better by listening to the reports of the residents.
Chairman, SEIL and Member BGIIM, Shillong, Atul Chandrakant Kulkarnin was the chief guest in the presence of DC WJH CP Gotmare.
“When we saw that the Assam Police had arrived at the venue, we tried to explain to them, but the Assam Police did not allow the meeting to go smoothly,” he said. “In a long discussion, they allowed the meeting to proceed with the rules, that is, only 50 people were allowed to attend the meeting,” said a leader. village.
Not only that, the morality has also declined these days and it is the duty of the young parents to encourage the people to turn away from the proper teachings of the ancestors.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyniaid said that the meeting decided to introduce and pass the Bill in the Dorbar Tlang, which will be held from 20-22 November .
“Everyone who goes to a meeting with the government ends up in meetings, eating and cheating,” he said.
“Dr Mukul also mentioned the issue of the Draft Education Policy, which is intended to be passed without inviting others to give their opinions.
This made it much easier to read the Bible and was a great blessing to those who loved to read the Word of God.
Everyone in the country should think carefully to reduce the Rhah behavior and should build a sense of responsibility to live together with the environment.
Other decisions of the union include to bring another C&RD Block to Narpuh area, and to upgrade Khliehriat CHC to Civil Hospital. Minister of Health and Family Welfare in 2019 and if necessary, a public meeting will be held.
To disperse the crowd who created riots and damaged government officials by setting fire to them, the Police and BSF troops had to fire tear gas at the crowd.
That is why as believers we need to be careful and not just bury our conscience for temporary gain.
This promise was made by the Symbud Prime Minister after a meeting with the President of MGLPSCTA Babu Birbor Riangtem.
Section 144CrPC has been imposed by the District Magistrate.
Khliehriat, Nailur 29: A fish truck (B/R No: AP07 TH 8659) carrying fish has overturned near the highway in Lumshnong, causing serious injuries to the driver and passenger.
The tournament is also considered one of the best sports tournaments in the world.
Investigation by the DGGI revealed that Jain was selling shikhar pan masala manufactured by Odochem company without paying GST. Jain was arrested on November 26, Russia has warned that it will launch a nuclear war with the West over their fight for Ukraine.
Tourists who come to our state have no right to interfere with what we sell or eat, and if they don't like it, it is better for them not to come to our state.
More than a thousand trucks and buses were stranded in the area.
There was also a bridge above the monument which used to be known as the Motphran Bridge, but now it has been demolished and there is no Motphran Bridge since it was demolished. in November 2014, and only a statue remains standing between the traffic jam and the crowd.
Furthermore, the States were urged to strengthen their online payment systems and to set more Threshold Parameters, to ensure transparency in the procurement of food items and the distribution of rice varieties.
David Scott was fortunate to escape the incident as he had left Nongkhlaw for Sohra the day before the bloodshed.
Marak (28) of Chapahati, Mahendraganj, SWGH, Jaseng Ch.
Tynring, Nailur 01 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday warned that the people who receive piglets from the Veterinary Department should not sell them but keep them. to take care of and nurture them.
From this, we can understand the difference between the blind Khasi and other ethnic groups.
The order, issued by the District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills, stipulates that this price applies to passengers under four passengers, taxis and three passengers for autos. rickshaw.
The Government has also directed that all those who are entitled to receive the benefits should not lose their names to benefit from this land.
Requirements have been met and the investigation is ongoing.
However, when we think and compare the ability of the government with the ability of Umngot, it is completely different.
This incident has shocked and left many people in shock as it happened during the power outage hours of MeECL. Thousands especially those who have had a close relationship with the school from teachers to students saw this incident from the media this morning.
Shillong: The Rupang Relief Fund has once again been able to provide assistance to those poor families who are facing difficulties in terms of income and livelihood. .
Youth Wing President Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Secretary:- Balajied Synrem, Farmers Wing President Ollan Sing Suin, Secretary Synshar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah and Joint Secretary Remington Pyngrope.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle said that this year the HYC has not been able to hold any programs related to the anniversary of the HYC or in memory of Tirot Sing Syiem through other activities. program.
On the other hand, the lawyer VG Kynta said that the Iewrynghep square belongs to Rev. Mon Lyngdoh and Shang Mawrie. including the field and the inheritance to the son, Philamon Mawrie.
The issue is not the availability or lack of Scheduled Tribe certificates.
Makandar, who lives in Gokak taluka in Nulsoor, said he has lost his income these days, as no one buys his cows anymore. 70 per kilo, but due to the coronavirus, the price has dropped to T.5-10 per kilo and he said that if he continues to raise these cows, he will have to lose up to T.6 lakh. I don't want to bury all 6,000 of them.
Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah beat Caroline Colony 3-1 while Nangbah Dukhu beat Khliehmynkrem 1-1 on the opening day of the Second Division Football Tournament. Stadium on the day of Ar.
Sometimes you climb a short bridge, sometimes you climb a long bridge, sometimes you climb a bseiñ, sometimes on the small, sometimes on the highest.
On the first Christmas, Joseph and Mary were just day laborers who moved from town to town to earn a living.
Many societies around the world have been affected by hatred and bloodshed which has destroyed people and society and the great loss of wealth and property.
In a statement signed by the Rangbah Shnongs and the two churches of the two villages, they said that about 55,000 people from all over the area will attend the service.
The owner of the girl confirmed that she was missing from home since 20th July, identified as Phibankyntiew Sun and was found in the river in the traw area.
When he returned to bed he thought about what he had dreamed.
The second is to pay the salaries of 3000 employees which has cost billions of rupees per month.
In the Bangladesh refugee camp, there are already about 2 lakh other Rohingya who had fled there earlier after being targeted by Myanmar police and army. that they have transgressed the law.
When he got home, Hep didn't wait long without telling him what had happened.
“We trust them and hope that when they win they will remain in the party,” he said, adding that an agreement without the law cannot be made.
FIR (first information report) : means ejahar – ejahar is a report sent to the chief justice to report any crime against the community.
In this way, it has made it easier for the residents to escape from losing their wages just because they go to get medicine and they have also benefited from knowing about various schemes for health.
Since ancient times and until now, the understanding of speaking Khasi and English, which produced 'Khalish', is still alive and well.
The SP said that the suspect has been arrested and will be investigated whether he is mentally ill and whether he is involved with others.
Siddaramaiah said he had spoken to the state law and order committee, which said it would appeal to the Supreme Court.
I didn't have the opportunity to attend the celebration, but when I heard the speeches of Rakesh Sinha, MP Rajya Sabha or to give the name of MP Kongthong, I was shocked. my thoughts.
The hospital will also temporarily close the OPD and Emergency Services, which means that people cannot visit the hospital until further notice.
In this era, some politicians use this scheme as a tool to win elections every five years to buy voters.
Let us sleep lyngngai, O Khraw ain, who has been empowered by the people, and whenever problems arise, we will blame and blame the people.
“He is an intelligent man and he used to advise me in the service of the people,” said Sangma and sent his condolences on behalf of the state government on the passing away of the Archbishop.
He said that although he understood what had happened at the bank, he could not talk to the SBI authorities in Patharkhmah, as there were many people living in the area. , who have complained to the union about the problems they are facing due to the closure of SBI and especially SBI, which is also the only bank with ATMs in the area.
Shillong: Seven events including shooting, athletics, boxing, wushu, taekwondo and shooting ended on the third day of the Meghalaya Games 2019-20 today.
“When they reached the border road between Rasnagre and Nilwagre, they were attacked by wild elephants.
Lajong will now prepare for their match against Aizawl on the 4th of October.
The woman, who lives in Mawtawar, was refused to give birth this morning at the hospital for fear that she might be a patient with Covid 19; However, this evening, the patient was admitted and gave birth to her child, but she died, the report said.
Two of the drivers were shot dead and three were burnt to death when the vehicles caught fire.
The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday heard a PIL on the matter.
The incident happened at Wailong village, Sutnga district.
The Modi government is the first government to take tough measures against those who have used Kashmir and politics in J&K according to their will over the past three decades.
Everjoy Nongpluh was elected as President, Amberlight Masharing as Working President, Aibanshan Syngkli as General Secretary and others. the leader of the organization.
We saw Lebanon play against Mongolia," Stimac said.
The worst affected are the school children because it was still the time when they were preparing for their studies and when the electricity went out, the children had to sit down and until 5 pm many of them were asleep. and when they prepared the book, they didn't listen anymore.
Recently, we have requested the State Government to allocate T.113.47 crore to pay the remaining amount of PGCIL and to get back the letters of credit with the government power distribution companies. India.
She said that she will focus on the ropeways especially to those areas which are difficult to connect through roads to facilitate traffic and trade.
But God has already prepared the day and the time, and that day and time is near.
The price of fertilizers is low but the price is low,” he said.
The number of Christians in the country has been steady since independence and thus, as the population of the country has increased, the number of Christians has also increased over time and this has increased fourfold. shah compared to the pre-independence period.
Nongpoh, Naitung 21: The Enforcement Police of KHADC today raided Pilangkata area which is a border village in Ri-Bhoi District and also in Byrnihat area, after receiving a tip that many shops do not have documents. Trading License, to operate shops especially in the border areas of the state.
The Finance Minister added that other schemes are helping measures to reduce post-harvest losses, and increase agricultural production and livelihood opportunities.
On her relationship with Dharmendra, her husband, Hema said, “When I saw him, I was shocked, because I knew that he was my beloved”. She said that although she wanted to marry him, she didn't want to hurt her first husband or her children.
Leaders of the Congress Party in Meghalaya on Friday left for Mawsynram to attend the General Meeting of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee. I'm going to sit down.
To determine the cause of the stomach ulcer, a doctor may order tests such as an endoscopy, in which a soft, small stick is inserted into the stomach to examine the condition of the stomach. ultrasound, X-ray or CT scan.
If these cells continue to be exposed to light or screens, a protein known as melanopsin also continues to work together, which is involved in the connection to the brain that causes vision. thut sleep.
We would like to ask for clarification that whoever is responsible for this light in Mawkyrwat should clarify it immediately, or don't build a bill light anymore.
Speaking to media on Friday, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the talks on the construction of the railway line in Jaintia Hills are not a serious issue as the The government has not yet taken a decision on this and it is up to the wishes of many churches whether they want or not to build the railway line.
In India, 16 people have died and more than 600 have been infected.
As mentioned above, I don't think the discussion is important and I don't expect any outcome from the meeting, because the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, if he wants to discuss the in the case of newspapers, he should invite those who own and clear themselves in this State; but perhaps, if he wanted to increase his own power, he should have invited the editors or owners of the Assam Tribune, Indian Express, Sentinel, Times of India and others (if they came). ).
This gave 20 kings.
On this occasion, AICC General Secretary (in-charge of Assam) Jitendra Singh announced that Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge and other AICC leaders have issued a The party has decided not to join hands with the AIUDF for the Lok Sabha elections.
In the past ten years, there has been a lot of development in the state.
Franklin Syiemiong, President of KSU Nongstoin Circle and Rishot Kharbani, said that in fact, the KSU Nongstoin Circle has demanded the opening of the GNM Nursing Training Centre. However, according to the Minister, the government is still in trouble.
The Resolution should also state that clause (2) of Article 372 of the Constitution of India in which the President of India issued the Notification dated 11th December, 2019 is invalid because clause ( 3) (a) if it reads Quote “Nothing in clause (2) shall be deemed – (a) to empower the President to make any adaptation or modification of any law after the expiration of (three years) from the commencement of the Constitution .
All the activities of the MMDC have been suspended since October 2012 and the MMDC has not been able to bring any results from its activities in the year 2012-1 The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has issued a report on the social and economic sector for the fiscal year ending 31st October
Washington: The United States has launched a strike to kill ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in northwestern Syria, reports said. which struck yesterday Saturday.
In the second semi final, Namrhen Ryntih Kudengrim beat Shnongpdeng 1-0 with the first goal scored by Maitshaphrang Talang in the 50th minute.
It is to be recalled that the landslide in parts of the Dwarksuid Bridge which has happened recently has caused damage to the people passing through the bridge and has also caused traffic jams. NH-6 and Shillong By-pass.
According to the Asst. Rangbah Shnong of Mission Compound, Bah TB War, the man, who is a commercial taxi driver, parked his vehicle at Mission Compound at 4 pm on Tuesday.
The Minister said that the church groups will meet again on the 19th of this month with their proposals to the government.
Yoohimiotre Patweth tied 37 runs from 34 balls, Dathrang Pariat tied 33 runs from 33 balls and Todan Rymbai took three wickets for CYC. whom you have burned.
Speaking to media, she said that if any party wants to contest the election, the party welcomes it and it will be the same after the election if they want to join the election. a group to work with the party.
If the Seng finds anyone who violates these rules, it will punish and warn them severely.
Paul, one of the former KSU leaders who has been promoted to the post of Minister, said that the UDP has 12 MLAs besides the HSPDP, 17 MDCs including in KHADC and JHADC. The UDP has received more than 2 lakh votes in the MLA elections.
The four villages which were destroyed two months ago last year are Nongmluh, Mawphansaw, Mawmynsor and Thnangbyrniang.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the GSU, Bibian G Momin.
Shillong: About 40 minutes of discussion was held, today, during the Question Hour of the Dorbar Synrai, on the issue of coal mining, auction and sale of coal from the state.
“We urge the schools in the state to admit students from this area first,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: Ka Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Um Trai Circle, together with the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, have expressed their strong opposition to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to allow Bangladeshi refugees to stay temporarily in Panbari Amjong. , they should enjoy the same rights as full citizens.
God wants us to give Him 100% and not just 50%.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the number of cases of covid-19 in the past six years has increased to three cases. In the second phase, it has infected seven people and in the words of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he said that the disease, therefore, is very serious and he said that It is for this reason that the disease continues to increase day by day.
“I don't want to say all this to ensure that they take this to the Cabinet meeting where in a few days we will take back the letter whether they sign it or not, but we will These letters will be distributed to their constituencies so that the people can understand what kind of leader they send to the Assembly”.
The High Court will hear the case on 29th November.
He was ordained Lyngdoh Sohblei on 23rd July,
The meeting which started at 1:30 pm was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongsder, Bah W.Shangpliang.
During the meeting, the FKJGP had the opportunity to talk to the Head of Ing Dak, regarding the nomination of 11 foreigners from Uttar Pradesh, for the post of Branch Post Master. around the Post Offices of different Districts in the State.
In recent days, there has been a stir in the UDA after the EC decided to allocate only T.50 lakh to the MDCs from the T.
“During our journey, we found that 12,000 acres of land were allocated by the Date of Declaration and this shows the involvement of the Syiem of Raid Marwet Ken Syiem. The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has issued the NOC and the letter from the Hima Mylliem has requested the NOC from the KHADC to set up a BSF Camp in our area. The Sub Registrar Office has issued a Non Encumbrance Certificate in accordance with a letter from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. “It's a good idea to have a camp in the area without making a public announcement. This shows the involvement of all of them to sell this land to the BSF,” he said. Marcus Lapasam said that if the land sale to the BSF is successful, it means that almost all the farmers and villages in the Umtyrnga area will be allowed to sell land to the BSF. He said that according to their information, along with the documents they have, the land taken by a private individual known as Bah Deilangchirup Law, has reached more than 12 thousand acres. , thus at more than 12,000, it will affect all the farmland of the people and also the surrounding villages in the Umtyrnga area.
I can't wait for the match to be held at Brands Hatch on the 6th of June,” said Jaden.
The participation of teams like Gokulam Kerela FC and Sethu FC in the IWL has encouraged many to form women's teams.
Bhalang, as a rural child, did not understand the meaning of going to school because many of the teachers explained in a foreign language (English).
The Registrar General of the High Court has posted articles published in the media related to the curfew.
The tournament will continue on Tuesday with the Under-17 Boys match between Muthlong Pioneer Secondary School and Jowai District Press.
On Tuesday, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkisyiem, Bah PS Swer in the presence of the Secretary Shnong, Bah C.Khongngaiñ, met with the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkisyiem, Bah C.Khongngaiñ to inquire more about the scheme. In a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkisyiem said that he has just taken over the RTI in July 2015 and does not know how it has been implemented. The Secretary Shnong said that he was the Secretary at the time of the implementation of these schemes but he said that he did not know anything because he was never in the village and the work was run by the Rangbah Shnong. rim of Aaron the Priest.
How many shops do you see selling shriew, phankaro, putharo, pumaloi and others,” he added.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, said that 14147 samples have been sent for testing so far, 13,303 have tested negative and the result has been positive. There are 800 cases, 26 recoveries and 17 confirmed cases.
Meghalaya has 6.42 sq km of Malidor, Ratacherra and Umperdit, while the Borail Wildlife Sanctuary will not be affected.
“At present, the laws that protect us minorities have been passed and what is needed is to strengthen our protections and as a party we will do that,” he said.
The incident happened on the 16th of this month when the owner of the house lodged a complaint with the police.
Besides, the transfer of Ministers is not arbitrary, but the Ministers are also replaced, even in the Delhi government and across the states.
The Governor of Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Sikkim, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh, and seven Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States of Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland. speak at this meeting.
This has increased the number of markets in the Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: Nongwah Mawtamur Village in Ri Bhoi District, which is also a Khappud Village, although it is a rural village which is still lagging behind in development, but as the residents who are farmers, they are trying to support and his household was filled with the work of the fields.
Treibor Suchen said that these Dkhars have misused the syrnot issued by Thangskai Village and urged all the Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant in issuing syrnot to those who “At the time when we issued this syrnot Temopary Residential, we didn't think it would be like this. Ayush Kumar has misused this syrnot. When we learn about this, we as the village are very sorry, so the Dorbar Shnong has looked for ways and means how to remove the syrnot. JSU Central Body and JSU Khliehriat Circle who are ready to help their brothers and sisters and who have helped The President of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body, Samla Jersom Shylla said, “The Union is saddened to see that a foreigner from East Jaintia Hills District has been arrested. After receiving the Temporary Residential Certificate from Thangskai, the union found and understood that the Rangbah Shnong of Thangskai had issued the Temporary Residential Certificate. The Certificate has been issued to the Deputy Commissioner and the DC's office has also issued the Temporary Residential Certificate. In fact, the DC's office should have considered and investigated before issuing the syrnot,” said the JSU leader. They have also lodged a complaint against the foreigner and demanded that the name of Ayush Kumar should be removed from the list of students. Ayush Kumar, who intends to study MBBS, has been able to cancel his Permanent Residential Certificate. “The JSU also sent a message to all foreigners in Jaintia Hills that as long as the JSU exists, the JSU will not allow such a thing to happen. In the future, I would like to request all the Ragbah Shnongs in Jaintia Hills to look into which areas should be given and which areas should not be given temporary syrnot. “We as the organization will continue to be together to empower and encourage the villages,” said Jersom Shylla.
Police have registered a case under sections 384/506/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Realize : to realize is to feel in yourself what is happening as it should be.
They spoke about the support of the State Government through the Lakadong Mission, Jackfruit Mission and PRIME programme, to improve the quality of products and export them to domestic and foreign markets.
More than three years have passed since Shillong has been included as a 'Smart City' in which roads, water and electricity distribution systems, and others will have to be redesigned.
Is there any rumor that Dykhar women use Khasi men as license holders? In many villages, if a Khasi woman marries a Dykhar man, there may be a temporary dispute on the part of the family or the village authorities, but gradually the Nongaikhaw becomes a thousand. , especially if he does well.
Silchar: U Debabrata Saikia, Leader of the Opposition in the Assam Legislative Assembly, today shook hands with Mizoram Police during a visit to the border of the state.
The Khasi Authors Society (LAS) has taken a step to revive the Khasi language.
The purpose of the rally in Dawki was to send a message to the Bangladeshis in the nearest country to Meghalaya.
The demand for wigs made of human hair has increased, especially abroad.
The body was sent to SDM&HO Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem and the body was placed at the Civil Mortuary.
Regarding the issue of foreigners, who carry goods from dewbilat companies, the Union has decided to send a letter to both the District Councils not to approve foreigners, because the owners of the states, have already themselves to do.
It is learned that as he did not comply with the order of the doctor, the doctor threatened the patient and there was an argument between the patient and the doctor which caused a stir inside the hospital.
Russia on Sunday launched 32 drone strikes against Ukraine overnight, most of which were intended to strike inside the central city.
That if doctors are still able to cure a family member, they are willing to sell their fields in order to pay for the treatment.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The beautiful road from Shillong to Lum Mawthadraishan has witnessed the participation of cyclists from all over the state who will take part in the 2nd North East Olympic Games Manipur won the men's and women's titles.
The time when Satan and the demons work during those 3 years is the second half of the 7 years. 1 week = 7 years.
She said that the cold storage at Garobada has not been operational since 2008, and those who have taken over the cold storage have complained that they have suffered losses. This is due to the lack of electricity supply.
In the first interview with the media after 35 years since its establishment at MeECL IB in Umïam, MeECL IB Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni and two members of the MeECL IB Board of Directors were present. PSOs including Mr. Storgy Lyngdoh and Mr. Raymond Lapang.
In a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs, they expressed their concern over the excessive patrolling by the BSF. Bapli market vendors from Pynursla have been searched and arrested and this is illegal. .
The trader is Ma Don Shullai whose shop is as big as Vishal's in Police Bazaar.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lakmen said that there are more than 15,000 schools in the state and it is not easy to get all the headmasters. The Education Department of the State Government today sent a letter to the Sub Division Education Officer SDEO, to talk to the principals and teachers, regarding the decision to reopen schools in the state. whole.
Shillong: There have been 94 cases of covid-19 in the state today, including 70 BSF personnel. So far, there are 189 cases in the state.
She said that the Commission will talk to these children to understand and take measures to prevent them from being affected by what has happened. occur.
Other candidates who contested against were Adorsho Sangma of the BJP with 1,018 votes and Sayeedullah Nongrum of the United Democratic Party (UDP) with 543 votes.
Furthermore, it was learned that the Syiem of Hima Khyrim has not issued any No Objection Certificate for the implementation of this project.
The roads in the city also need to be repaired because they are terrible to look at.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that as Meghalaya is a transit state, the government cannot ban the traffic on the highways. He also said that the government has authorized the district authorities and police to take strict action against those who violate the directives of the state government in relation to the curfew of the disease in the state. state.
“I think every leader should know that policies and decisions in democratic countries like India should be discussed, consulted and taken inside the parliament and not on the streets,” he said. more.
The meeting was attended by the party leader from Mawshynrut, Dr Mukul Sangma, party leader from Mawshynrut, Justin G Momin and other party leaders.
In the Gaza Strip, the population is about 2.3 million.
Therefore, these countries have increased and increased the price of oil and also in many other areas, without thinking and understanding the power of small countries.
The money that the government spends is public money.
If the BJP does not come to power, Bah Vincent H Pala has the opportunity to become a minister as in previous years.
Sri Lanka suffered a terrorist attack on 21 June, with eight bomb blasts killing 250 people and seriously injuring hundreds.
“We have been facing these problems for decades and we expect that the Government should not leave it alone like in the old Shillong.
“This DC has taken a lot of attention to the needs of Block I especially on the Kurliya Bridge,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
In the U-13 Girls Doubles, Wanridaphi and Sahphilinda won the title. In the U-16 Girls Double, Amitabahun and Ibanpynhun won the title. 19 Girls Doubles, Shimtihun and Idashisha were the winners.
It is learned that the union has monitored and met with the people from some of the more remote villages of Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, where the villages are lagging behind and have not been able to implement such projects. MGNREGS, PMAY and SBM IHHL schemes. The HYC Mawthadraishan Circle has requested RTI for some of the villages which have violated their rightful schemes. There are village leaders who give only 2000 thousand and 3000 thousand to the SBM IHHL scheme which is 12000 thousand per household. “We will monitor these issues until we get clarity,” said Marcos R Marthong, President HYC, Mawthadraishan Circle.
“In this regard, we will discuss with the Core Committee and we will think about what is best,” said UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh. CEC on Monday evening.
He was defeated in 1946 and retired from politics and returned to voluntary work.
You can include these rymbai in a variety of diets to meet the protein needs of the body and help to maintain the body's weight loss.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders in Ri Bhoi, said that if they don't get the right information on the import of these pipes, the KSU will immediately shut down the company. There is no pipeline in the state.
The inability to include the language we call KHASI in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution of the Missionary is not the Khasi language.
The allocation of funds to these departments will be announced on the day the Prime Minister presents the Budget for the year 2023-24 in the Legislative Assembly in the coming days.
He said that the refugees or those who have relationships, relatives who have suffered such incidents, or the refugees can come forward to get this assistance by contacting the Secretary of the District Legal Authority Service, East Jaintia Hills.
As soon as you see these flowers, inside the soul of many church members the spirit of Christmas blows.
They say we have done wrong, don't worry, they say shut up we have done wrong, they say forgive us, look again.
Myanmar has informed India of the transfer of Khaplang, a Myanmar national, to Yangon in June
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh, congratulated the village authorities who have taken part in this cleanliness drive. cleanliness in the village, but also to educate the minds of the villagers to understand the importance of cleanliness not only in their own homes, but to be clean from home to outside the village. you thaw.
The President of the KJDSTA, Bah ED Nongsiang, on Thursday said, “In our opinion, the Minister does not take responsibility for the teachers”.
said Mominin.
Mulang Ïalong in the second half struck again and scored another goal through Charelang Mulieh in the 35th minute.
In a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the JAC leaders expressed their concerns as vehicle owners and drivers due to the delay in the release of their salaries. It has been working since the time of COVID-19 and also during the recent elections in the state.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The eldest child of the deceased mother has gone to school near the exam class X. Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: When asking for the support of the people of Jirang Constituency to Sosthenes Sohtun, the NPP candidate for Jirang Constituency, today explained to the people that the NPP candidate for Jirang Constituency has been abandoned and abandoned. Jirang Constituency has been involved in development projects for many decades, but it is after the people elected him as the leader in the 2028 election that the Jirang Constituency has now received many development projects which have benefited them. Jirang Constituency"
“I don't want to see that the MDC post is elected, I don't want to elect a woman.
“If we talk about the assistance that the government has given and the loss of lives, it doesn't match.
The house belongs to Wanmon Pohshna and he has three young children.
Speaking to the people, Bah Sohtun said that as the Chief Minister of Jirang, which is also one of the constituencies in Ri Bhoi which borders with Assam, he is deeply saddened by the border crossing activities. Therefore, to prevent the crossing of the border, the Government needs to deliver many development projects to the border villages.
“If no one else buys it, then it will fall in price,” she said.
The Secretary of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat, said that Nolipstar Lyngdoh is not the President of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat as he claimed, but the President is MG Marweiñ. The party said it has already sent it to the President of the party.
In 2013, a pastor called me and said, “Ei kynum, there will be a wedding ceremony in Mawieit this month, so please make a wedding song and come and sing it yourself, if you have created articles.
“In the past years we used to have UGC NET Centers in the state but after being handed over to the National Testing Agency (NTA), we don't have any examination centers and we have only one examination center in "It's a good idea," said Genuica.
In an earlier interview, the HSPDP leader from Mawthadraishan said that even if they expel her, she will leave and even if they call her, she will sit down.
Tourist attractions in the district such as Weinia Valley, Shad Thum and Nongkhnum Village, have been closed due to the deterioration of the road from Nongstoiñ.
Jesus was 34 years old from the day he was born until he entered Jerusalem, from Jerusalem until the day he was crucified.
KSU leaders Nangai Sutnga and Justice Paul Lyngdoh along with others were accused of breaking into the CEM's office on Tuesday.
He said that if the KHADC does not listen to this suggestion, the party will consider what measures to take.
Shangpung, Mulang Ialong and Pateinki Sabah won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
Meghalaya comes second in the country in providing 100 days bill to rural households.
Nongstoin, July 07: The residents of West and South West Khasi Hills, have faced problems due to the absence of the Officer Incharge of the Labor Department who has the authority to sign the documents. MLMTU vehicle permits and also to renew licences, employees of the Meghalaya Building Workers Welfare Board, shops known as shop establishments.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, a small meeting was held, which was conducted by Arki Dhar, Chairman Shnong of Mookhep.
In the men's 21km category, Korie James Kipleting came first and Wolbetstar Ramsiej came second. Pawan Kumar Singh came third.
T.5000 crore to assist market shopkeepers A special scheme will be launched within 10 months to assist market shopkeepers to get loans as they have been severely affected by the current situation. to help them re-establish their own businesses.
A Congress leader was seriously injured after being shot dead by unidentified robbers in Baran district of Rajasthan on Tuesday during a land dispute. police said Tuesday.
S.Kamar, IED, Coordinator, SSA, explained the various schemes for those with disabilities such as travel allowance, Escort Allowance, Aids. Appliances, Stipends for Girls, TLM Kits and Scholarships for Children. All those with disabilities are requested to approach the District Mission Coordinator SSA office to get the schemes. , urged the parents to respond to this request and send their children to school as the government will provide special scholarships for them.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah also awarded awards to the ASHA and Aganwadi workers in recognition of their services in the community.
The incident ha Pamphyrnai should be a lesson to all, that the District authorities should wake up and not just blame the perpetrators, but should take responsibility when there are incidents like what happened in Pamphyrnai. 16th November 2023, because if they cannot control it, such an incident will get worse.
He is also a strong supporter of the UDP candidate, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh in this year's elections.
In the first leg, Chyrmang Wah won 5-0 against Tympang.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today elected Metbah Lyngdoh as the new leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Dr Donkupar Roy.
In fact, we have not focused on what we need to do for these two employees who are now unable to return to their jobs.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said, “I would like to inform you that we on behalf of the Government believe that you too are already frontline workers of our state”.
“The vacancies in this school are, Principal, Assistant Administrative Officer, Office Superintendent, Lecturer 1, Assistant Lecturer 2, Teaching Associate 2 and also one vacant post LDC and Foreman,” I was informed. He said that this large number of posts has raised concerns that the vacancy of teachers will not be able to provide adequate services to the youth who go to be trained at this training centre.
She said that they have already decided that they will win the case because they don't have enough money.
The article will also be accompanied by a resolution passed by the KHADC on 24th July to strengthen the opposition to the UCC. Bah PN Syiem also explained about the provisions under Article 244 of the UCC. The Constitution of the country clearly states that the management and administration of tribal lands shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
BJ Lashkar, Deputy Manager (T), HP Dalys, HS Singh, Project Manager, Jorabat-Shillong Expressway, Rayonald Kharkamni, General Secretary of the NTC and others.
Let us turn our hearts away from such things.
The 27-year-old has completed his Master of Science (M.Sc) in Mathematics from the North Eastern Hills University.
The party hopes that Bah Gigur Myrthong as the Leader of the Legislative Assembly and as the Leader of the District Council as Dy CEM, is in power and can do many things for the people. public in the area.
On the other hand, the candidate, while welcoming the supporters from other parties, expressed his satisfaction that the people of the constituency have begun to understand the working methods of the party.
They also discussed the signboard 150 yards from the border.
In fact, compared to Assam and Meghalaya in terms of development, Meghalaya is still at the bottom.
Speaking on the occasion, Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, congratulated the Meghalaya Government and the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority for taking the initiative to turn special attention to the farmers. Through these targets, the state government will be able to develop and benefit the farmers of the state.
The Government of India has also provided 90 percent assistance to the State Government for the implementation of this scheme.
They also say that any nation that struggles will survive.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) has demanded that the Transport Department of the State Government should take immediate action to clean up the garbage and pum pum on the NH-6 near the toll gate. Weight Bridge & DMR is located in Shangbangla.
Mawkyrwat, November, 07: U Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency on Tuesday, November 7, 2022, launched the MLA Scheme for the The two years 2021-22 and 2022-23 worth T.2.5 crore and which is also the last launch of the scheme held at Ranikor village ground, South West Khasi Hills District.
There is no written or face-to-face interview required but once approved, the job is already in hand and the salary is not required without any discrimination.
(sacrifices).
The Rangbah Shnong said that besides being surprised to leave, because without the permission of the village authorities, he also wrongly allowed some of the residents to join the u, to agree with him to be able to fulfill his plan to erect the dewbilat cross.
They violated Article 14, Article 15 and Article 21 regarding equality in educational institutions, health care to the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Raid Mylliem Hima Mylliem Hima will start from 21st June to 26th June 2015 at Mawnarian and Lumshyllong, said Bah C Marbaniang Lyngdoh Raid Mylliem.
Meghalaya in the last matches, has never managed to reach 100 runs, but only in yesterday's match it has managed to reach 100 runs after witnessing the Kashmir's extra-ball bowling included 31 wides.
Megha Sharma scored 53 runs for Arunachal Pradesh.
There are also Mawlymbit crematoria in Hawei, Mawjinong crematorium and Hehduh crematorium near Hawei.
Psalm 91:5-7If ye say, Wherefore hath God forsaken me? God hath said, I will not leave thee, nor forsake thee: I will come unto thee.
It has become a small town for the neighboring villages because it is a place where they come to sell their products such as agricultural products, kwai, tympew. This area has turned into a lyngkha because it has been covered with snow and the road has not been cleaned for many years.
There are also those who have expressed their distrust of the investigation team and those who have demanded the CBI, while others have expressed their distrust of the investigation.
Therefore, the Seng Khasi Kmie calls upon the people of Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniaw Wasa to climb this sacred mountain.
God was rejected by Israel (Jews), God had to turn to the Gentiles.
Shillong: The President of the Trinamool Congress, Meghalaya and candidate for Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Charles Pyngrope today said that the party will reach its goal not only in Nongthymmai but in the state as a whole.
We need officers to sit at the heads of various government offices like IAS, IPS and others.
Shillong, Nailur 09: About 200 mothers who give birth at Ganesh Das Hospital in Lawmali alone have received the Janane Suraksha Yojana (JSY) scheme every month.
Conrad attended the meeting held in Myriaw at Madan Purno, because in 1989 Purno Sangma when he was the Prime Minister came down. by helicopter at the same ground near Myriaw Market.
“In this way, it will intimidate them to commit illegal acts,” he said.
Jyntru (Rbdsa), Rymbai Iawpynsing Sc (Ejhdfa), Mawten Sc (Mdsa), Warima Youth Club (Wdsa), Seng Samla Laitryngew (Ssa-sohra), Mulait United Fc (Sasa), Riangdo Youth Sports & Cultural Association (Msa) 12.
From the embezzlement of money of the day laborers during the lockdown, to the theft of poor rice, to the theft from MeECL, the collapse of the new Legislative Assembly and others. “The people have stopped listening to the NPP until they have reached the point where they will pray, they have not forgotten the problems faced by the teachers, employees and families who have been persecuted on the border with Assam. since the signing of the MOU"
The truth about baptism.
You are indeed an understanding leader to save the Khasi people and the Khasi people. Thank you Paul Lyngdoh.
After receiving information, residents from other areas rushed to the scene of the incident and threw stones at the BSF camp. the shot was fired well.
Do you find it difficult to see that among our leaders? Which political party and which nation will love our nation more than us?  Every religion and nation has its own agenda and that is to promote their religion and nation and beyond that everything is just a joke.
Speaking to reporters, Secretary GS Shadap in the presence of Adviser RR Makdoh, President RB Shadap, President Ploster Syiem and Vice President Nicky Kharthangmaw, said that this year is the year of the The children of Ri-Bhoi District have been thinking every year what to give to the children of Ri-Bhoi District on the birthday of the District, because until 2022 the children of Ri-Bhoi District will not be able to witness this. The event was held at the District Headquarters in Nongpoh, while the people of Eastern Ri-Bhoi and Western Ri-Bhoi were not able to participate.
The spread of the disease across the country and the world is unprecedented and threatens our health.
It is not known whether other parties will lead the government.
The mother said that she came to the scene with her son and father at 12 noon but at the time of writing of this news at 7 pm the mother was still there. in this place.
Even Madrassas are involved in human trafficking, he added.
Shillong, June 08: Meghalaya has reported 14 active cases of Covid-1
The District Magistrate, Eastern West Khasi Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC and banned the sale of any kind of drugs in the Kynshi River. and in the streams adjacent to it.
“Do you see that there is really a discrimination against the Garo people like ACHIK or us,” asked Bah Louis.
For the fiscal year 2022–23, total UPI payments are nearly 50% of India's nominal GDP.
However, now through the law introduced by the KHADC, the people can register at a reasonable price and the people who live on the border can register without having to pay any fee.
Of these six members, three are Executive Members and they include Mitchell Wankhar, Victor Ranee and Macdalyne S Mawlong.
The programme, organized by RSEYDS, was attended by several intellectuals from the state, including Dr. Maxwell Lyngdoh, Teacher. at Martin Luther Christian University, Samla Hameshanniah Suiam and others.
To encourage young people in the field of IT and ITeS, the first phase of the Shillong Technology Park was inaugurated in June 2022 at Umsawli, New Shillong.
According to the parents of the children, the two children were students of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu and did not have any youthful relationship but they informed their parents that They were just friends and there was no reason at home.
Purningstar Shabong said that if the KHADC does not listen to its demands, the JAC will leave it to the people to do whatever is necessary and the KHADC should take action. The responsibility for this is if the people accept any decision.
SK Sun, who recently retired as Chief Engineer of Public Health Engineering (PHE), has decided to contest as an independent candidate from Mawphlang against the incumbent MLA Kennedy C Khyriem from the Congress.
Sanvert Kurkalang (1/11) took 10 wickets while Ronald Longjam tied the ball to Dippu Sangma.
The results were obtained at midnight and the test will be conducted again tomorrow.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the National People's Party (NPP) from five constituencies in Ri Bhoi district today held a special celebration on the 11th Anniversary of the party. to commemorate the 76th birth anniversary of (L) Purno Agitok Sangma, who is also the founder of the party.
President – ​​Shining Dkhar.2.
Border Area VFT and EJHTOTA drew 1-1 with Dimon Ksih scoring the first goal for Border Area VFT in the 41st minute. EJHTOTA scored the first goal in the 25th minute.
During the inspection of several parts of Shillong from 10 pm, U Nongsaiñ Hima found that the road from Them Bijoy to Petrol Pump Anjalee has been dark due to the street lights. parked along the road did not work at all.
The HITO on Tuesday demanded that the Returning Officer of Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, SC Sadhu, should withdraw the issuance of the order. to enforce Section 144 CrPC throughout the district on the polling day for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 4th July
The total number of recoveries has risen to
As the people of the country, we are equally encouraged and encouraged to think about the future of the nation.
Shillong: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has agreed that the United Democratic Party (UDP) will lead the formation of the Executive Committee (EC) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC after the resolution. The election will be held on the 3rd of October this year.
Shillong, November : The Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA), Shillong has celebrated Advance Christmas at Rev Amirkha School for the Disabled at Mawlai Mawroh, Shillong on the 8th of this month.
“We request the teachers to look into all these and we have not come to oppose or force anyone but maybe there are teachers who don't know the beginning and the end but they will lose their jobs. " he pleaded further.
East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of beneficiaries with 1,86,439 while North Garo Hills District has the lowest number of beneficiaries with 6694 beneficiaries.
The surrender of the five men came 15 days after the killing of Sohan D Shira, a senior leader of the GNLA, who was shot dead on 24th June at Achakpep. near Dobu.
Speaking further, Lakhon said he decided to contest the MDC election after meeting with the elders of the area and the supporters of the UDP party.
“I urge the State Government and the Electricity Department to take action on this problem faced by the workers.
One of the seriously injured was a 2-year-old child.
After the election, the DPR will be prepared and authorities will be appointed to implement it,” he said.
Franklin Syiemiong President of KSU Nongstoiñ Circle said that in connection with this incident, the KSU suspects that they may be thieves and the KSU will take action against them. I will search and investigate these thieves.
Speaking to media, James Kharbani, President of the South Eastern Zone, expressed his regret after finding that many offices in Mawsynram are understaffed.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Government of Meghalaya, congratulated Kong Pyrngap by saying, “I would like to congratulate and congratulate Kong Reliance Pyrngap, Lady Health Visitor from Sutnga CHC, East. Jaintia Hills who has received the National Florence Nightingale Award.
Perhaps Meghalaya should take advantage of the visit of the leaders from these countries to discuss how the state can cooperate with them in various fields.
The Principal of North Liberty HSS, B. Richard Uriah said that the selected students will be able to attend school at North Liberty with a scholarship.
The Rangbah Shnong also welcomed and congratulated the guests.
According to the latest news, the committee will meet soon and the state government will appoint members of the committee from among the members of the farmers' union.
Electricity consumers have complained about the negligence of electricity suppliers in the area.
There is a saying that says...the money is accepted, the vote is given to the Singh,” said the HSPDP candidate. He said that the priority issues in the constituency include schools, good roads, income generation, to ensure that farmers are not cheated and others.
Sin is the property of the elect.
On the other hand, the ADC agreed to look into this important issue for the convenience of the patients who have to travel to Shillong or Jowai for treatment.
In the second leg, Laitkor SC beat Rahjingshai SC 2-0 and Ribahunshisha Kharshiing scored the two goals for Laitkor SC in the 39th and 45th minutes.
If you plant it in the field, the seed will not grow.
Most of his speeches were on politics and society. He was an MLA in 1988, 1993 and an MDC in 1984, 2004 and in the MDC bye-election 2016, all. and Nongkrem Constituency.
The President of the Living Root Society, Bah Ian Khongmen, said that besides the exhibition of sohniamtra, there will also be various performances including the music of the Pynter Orchestra. There is also a road from Rangthylliang to Mawkyrnot.
they shall be well informed in the Legislative Assembly, for the good of all.
Congress leader Saleng A Sangma has alleged the involvement of money laundering in the cause of skilled leaders to get involved in politics in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will try to re-elect the Executive Committee of the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM. The opposition's attempt to replace the CEM came after some MDCs who used to support the PDF, started to withdraw from the ruling party.
Now she has reached the shiphew class.
Regarding the willingness of the residents of the village to take part in the event, Bah PB Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong Umroi Umdohbyrthih, gave a special thank you to the residents of the village, for their willingness to obey the government guidelines and especially by health personnel.
Therefore, in the meeting with the Rangbah Shnong, it was understood that the residents of the area, as of now, are not satisfied with the services provided by the BSF troops in the area.
Rynjah said the statement by former KHADC Executive Member Donkupar Sumer that they will take a final decision after receiving a reply from UCIL is misleading.
The Great War of 1914-1918 was the first world war.
He said that Dr. Mukul Sangma should have sent an inquiry into himself because he too has been reported to have sought assistance from the HNLC for the 2018 MLA elections.
These include EKH: 7, RBD: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Shillong, July 11 : The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, FR Kharkongor, has transferred many officers from MCS to IAS. Commissioner and Secretary, Department of Arts, Culture and Textiles.
She said that if uranium is allowed to be mined again from the Khasi Jaintia Hills, it will be a great threat to the nation because uranium has a terrible poison which affects not only the health of the people.
Because I believe that there is a line that has been priced according to the co-ordinates and Revenue Offices of Meghalaya and Assam, there are also in the opinion that the boundary committees of Assam, should have held the GPS and according to the co-ordinate, the exact line of Meghalaya and Assam will be found.
He said that within the Society there are about 60 Masi farmers from Mawklot including Sohbir, and out of these 60 farmers, some have only three, four, some have 8 or The total number of dairy cows and calves from the 60 members has reached 500 or 600 cows and the Society produces up to 1300 to 1400 kilos of milk per day.
“If you think that your job is to sit in the office from 9am to 5pm and manage files and allocate money for various schemes, this is not your job and it is not the idea. “It's a civil service,” he said.
The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) today held a public rally in front of the Raj Bhavan gate to demand the removal of the Governor. people took part, which was also the Republic Day.
The Project Director of MACS, Dr (Mrs) L Lyngdoh, confirming this today, said that after receiving the report from the Fact Finding Team and their Inquiry Committee, they have decided to terminate the investigation. the services of the two VHAM centers in Jowai and Lad Rymbai.
Tens of crores of rupees a day have been wasted because of the inability of MPs to communicate with understanding or mutual respect.
The scheme aims to provide water to 79,002 residents of 28 villages under the Greater Nongstoin Urban Conglomeration by
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle on Monday found this after the residents of War Jaintia area complained that they are facing difficulties in getting the services of 108 Ambulance or GVK/EMRI due to this. The JSU reminded that since 2014 there has been an ambulance in War Jaintia, but it has been suspended in
There are about 16 border markets that remain in the hands of the Central Government, which have been sent from the state.
God said, “Thus saith the LORD of Israel, Let my people go.
“While the vehicle was parked, the MLA got out of the vehicle and shot me on the head along with one of his followers,” said Banteilang.
Members of KSU Mawlai Circle were accompanied by the Chairman of the Environment and Cultural Cell of KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Barikular Nongsiej and members of the group.
Sometimes we want what we cannot afford and we fall into trouble.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Union Minister of State for Finance Pankaj Chaudhury, Minister of State for Science & Technology Dr Jitendra Singh, Sherpa, G20 Amitabh Kant, Home Secretary Somanath S, IN-SPACE Chairman Dr Pawan Kumar Goenka and other Heads of Government.
? “If the AITC had done this in West Bengal, perhaps we would have done the same in Meghalaya. “It will be a source of income for the BJP,” he said.
Many patients who can no longer be treated in other hospitals, but when they go to Dr Sailo in Bethany they are cured.
“We hope that once completed it will be known to the whole world as an exchange of culture and knowledge for the emergence of intellectuals.
He created it to live on.
Barcelona have also won eight trophies in 11 seasons throughout
On this occasion, MM Thaiang said that he was present at the meeting.
East Khasi Hills has 116 cases and Ribhoi District has
I welcome the government's decision to pass this Act but unfortunately it has decided to implement this Act in the middle of the road which is not appropriate,” he said.
Besides these villages, the worst affected village is Tiehsaw village where many houses have been destroyed and electricity posts have been destroyed and the KJP Synod Sepngi HSS school has been damaged severely. There will be no more schools because the house has been destroyed.
“Many families have lost their food because of the decision to ban coal mining,” he said. .
This can help you repair after you have lost weight.
While the water that flows from the middle of the river is slower.
Because of the lack of milk production, lack of fertilizer production...because of lack of use of cows in the fields.
Shillong: The government is still waiting for a reply from the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on some issues related to the peace talks, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said.
Earlier, Bah D.Syiemiong, Assistant Horticulture Officer, South West Khasi Hills District delivered the welcome speech while Bah MR Marak, Assistant Horticulture Officer, South West Khasi Hills District delivered the welcome speech.
There were 25 players of the school and today a special ceremony was held to honor them at the Mihmyntdu RC EVE Secondary School, where Mr. Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest. this day.
Nongpoh: A woman named Jngi Khongjoh (55) and her 10-year-old son have been killed in a tragic incident at Quinine village, Ri Bhoi. They lost their lives when a Maruti Swift (ML 05 M 0982), driven by Moneshwar Kalita (51), collided with them. while they were sitting in the courtyard of the house by the road.
They said that the government has passed the Residents Safety and Security Act and amended the Benami Transaction Prohibition Act in 2016, but these laws remain in force because the government has not drafted them. rule to apply it.
The Committee will also consider the recommendations made by the ASHAs at the meeting held today.
A case has been lodged and the complaint has been recognized under the UD case according to the rules of law.
However, behind this is that the companies have already employed their own people.
In another match, Shekinah Academy won their first match against Jaguars by 51 points to
Jowai, July 16: As a way to showcase the goodness of Soh Ñiamtra from Narwan village in East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that regarding the border dispute with Assam, the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma had invited the Sengbhalang to hold talks in October, 2015 but the Sengbhalang did not attend the meeting and the reason was since the Prime Minister did not offer money.
Education in Meghalaya has been running without a proper plan and therefore there are many shortcomings and problems that have been delayed to be repaired.
NEW DELHI: BJP Chief President JP Nadda will leave for West Bengal on Tuesday to take part in a march against the violence against the party supporters. Nadda will meet with BJP members and the families of those affected by the shooting and injuries and then hold a march. public.
Revelation 11:1
However, MP Bah Pala has now said that in East Jaintia Hills he will not oppose the railway.
About 80 foreigners have been arrested from Mawlai today. These foreigners are day laborers without Labor Licence, and some of them have License but have expired. for.
At this time, it is not surprising that the MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, has come forward to distribute the foodgrains to the entire constituency. He also urged that no one should fight politics during this time. However, the sad thing is that according to the information received from the village leaders of the village. Umlaper, Ri Bhoi District, that the MLA donated the rice to the village for political purposes and the rice was delivered to the party unit and distributed this morning 15 April 2020 only to the supporters of the election. , and the sad thing is that the village authorities were not informed at the time of distribution.
Schools need Physical Education and to introduce Sports as one of the most important subjects but as it is so far, education here in the state and the country has not been so. the idea of ​​reading only to get a tie.
The family is the home of Norly S Ryngkhlem and Stianly Sariang, who have seven children.
Tanushree Dutta and Kangana Ranaut have come out to speak publicly about the incidents of violence against Bollywood actresses.
Jesus answered – Do you not know the power of God? For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage.
In the Indian numerical system it is 2.5 million, in the International numerical system it is 25 million.
MSTC Ltd. will conduct online sale of coal and will set up coal depots in different parts of the state as the sale of coal will be done through MSTC Ltd.
In a statement , Bah Thangkhiew also invited the youth of Hynniewtrep to join the HNLC , he said that if the youth find that the HNLC is not enough , they can to leave the party but they should not teach themselves to become children even after they leave the party because, in the mindset of the Hynniewtrep people from the beginning it has been said that it is only the selfish, the selfish who become children of the flesh, because they are the children of the flesh who eat their own flesh.
Special prizes will also be awarded for children under 14 who can complete the challenge (under 200).
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced 15 players for the BCCI's Senior Women's T20 Trophy, including four other players who have already been selected for the same tournament. .
