On the same day, the UDP also honored Lawansuk Lyngdoh Tron who won the 1st Class Gold Medalist in the MSC Rural Development and Agricultural Production Examination
He said that in fact the government has a shohdoh at Mawiong and they should have gone to shohdoh at that place.
These measures will lead to less waterborne diseases in the country.
The HNLC also strongly condemns this government's plan to dismiss the people of Sohra so that they become slaves of someone else.
It is learned that the incident happened at 12:30 pm on the 8th of June while the people were sleeping, but fortunately there were still some people who saw the incident. They immediately informed the Guwahati Fire Brigade and neighboring residents who rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
Garcia Luna, who stayed in the US after retiring, is a senior Mexican officer.
If you really care about the nation, why don't you unite to fight together and to work together in the family, as we do at the time of death, in order to save the nation? suffers severely, not only from the influx; but there are many diseases, such as: premature death of men, childbirth of our mothers, divorce, marriage of women, polygamy of the elderly without posting, especially government employees, polygamy in marriage, polygamy, rape, not even children, the disease of slander, the disease of bishni and pihuiñ against the Khasi, the disease of sarong, the disease of my mother, the disease of khyllew, the disease of corruption, the disease of profit, the disease of jaituh, the disease of fear, the disease of xenophobia (pictures) young men, and outflux (Khasi girls abroad).
The universe is not for destruction and is not for personal gain or destruction.
Therefore, the suggestion and proposal of Bah Donkupar is suitable for the Tura PC and the most suitable candidate for the Garo Hills with the MDA is to stand only from the NPP to contest the Congress candidate in the north.
In my opinion, I believe that the plant called “cowpea” can do this good job in our Khasi-Jaintia country.
Through this scheme, women have been provided with gas.
After October 2, 2023, the wisdom, understanding as well as stupidity and weakness of the people can be truly judged and seen.
The NPP leader said it will be a long journey for the NPP to bring about change even if it comes to power and it will take more time but the NPP has set the right goal. “What Dr. Mukul has done is not an easy task for us to change but this will be our struggle to change,” he said.
On the other hand, the miners demanded that the government should deploy police patrols in this area as such incidents happen on this road from time to time.
Before the end of the age there will be a time of great tribulation such as has never been since the beginning of the nation until that time.
“ Aspire, be a treasure, a loan, be a leader, not a follower, be a trailblazer, not a laggard.
These items include a Cher behkpong, a wartime shield and a Ketli Cha Nar made in England.
The Inter School will feature various events, including Under – 18years Boys (12 events), 100M,200M,400M,800M, 1500M,3000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put (5.00Kg), Discuss (1.5 Kg), Javelin (700 gms), Medlay Relay, while for Under – 18years Girls (12 Events) 100M,200M, 400M,800M,1500M,3000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(3.00Kg), Discuss (1.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Alfonbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary, President of HFU Nongspung Circle and Bah Lodestar Syiemlieh.
He said that there is a need for cooperation between the government and the District Councils to run their work smoothly and not to clash but to meet regularly.
The Minister said that NEEPCO has promised to provide electricity after the government has paid only T.30 crore out of the remaining T.300 crore.
However, it is true as said by the leaders of HYC Shillong City that we Khasi are complaining that we don't have jobs, but we have sold our shops to foreigners.
But when it came time to die, they both died.
Speaking on the roads in Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that many of the villages in the Jirang Constituency are still in short supply of roads and the same has been true for the villages in Jirang Constituency. Byrnihat area, because there is no road inside the villages, except for the NH-6
The PWD has put up road signs (Road Closed) and has cut down the road and trees.
In fact, it should have been 100 years old and should have expired in 2065 but due to the strength of the hand it has dropped to
It may be recalled that the second son of Kong Kyntiewlang Rynjah and Bah James Sunn of Mawryngkneng, was arrested through the spread of his video on social media.
However, he said that the Government has always taken measures to curb illegal activities and many have fallen under the provisions of the law.
Shillong, Lber 21: As part of the JNNRUM project for the installation of water pipes in parts of Mawlai Village, the MLA of the area, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, on Tuesday said that the JNNRUM project will be installed in Mawlai Village. On 17th October, he met with the village leaders of Mawlai Town Dorbar to discuss the project.
In a democracy, everyone is expected to vote to elect leaders.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw, President of the Past Pupils Association of the school.
The meeting was held after the opposition of the residents as no one had explained to them that the presence of the electricity sign would cause serious harm to the residents.
Besides these four MDCs, Laitumkhrah-Malki MDC Fantin Joseph Lakadong, husband of Dr Ampareen, has been elected Vice Chairman of the MGCC. hi a few days ago.
This was announced by the President of West Jaintia Hills District, Samla Leoferdinand Suiam.
'Yoga for Vasudhaiva Kutumb Kam' is the theme of this year's International Day of Yoga and this theme shows the continuity of the efforts of all involved in IDY to build a healthy world. healthy, happy, peaceful and changing according to needs.
The Mission will endeavor to convert Anganwadi Centers into ECD Centers so that they can provide full support to children, including the provision of nutritious food, assistance in teaching them so that they can grow up. that they may have a strong mind and know what they should do in relation to others and in relation to their feelings, and how they can know about what they need for them to be able to do well in school and in life.
Ansarul Islam is a Bangladeshi rebel group.
“Does the court recognize the VAB or the Jaintia District Council Act, signed by the Governor?”.
The six Nigerians are wanted by the Mumbai Police Station and a case has been registered against them at Waliv Police Station under sections 302/364/201/323/1 /147/149 IPC which are cases of murder.
A few months before 15 August 1947, while the debate on the future of Ri Hynniewtrep was still raging, a group of Khasi women went to meet the Governor of Assam to explain and show the vision of the government in the country of Hynniewtrep.
Najam Sethi said the federation has already sent the proposal to the Asian Cricket Council (ACC) where the BCCI has rejected the proposal. to play in Pakistan due to political tensions between the two countries.
Through the short writings, it was seen that many of the music lovers have expressed their sorrow to know that Bah Sun is in trouble, and it is understood through their words that they have prayed and wished him well. I wish this singer a healthy body so that they can hear his beautiful voice again.
Without Fire, the cords would not be able to clothe us.
Kestarlin L. Marshillong scored the first goal for Jakhong.
The question is why?” asked Bah Rani.
At the same time, it is prohibited to shoot vehicles near the rivers. This order will come into force from immediately until further notice.
Shillong, July 14: The brother of Bah Granarysterfield Thangkhiew has lodged a complaint with the High Court of Meghalaya against the government for not acting on a complaint filed by them at Mawlai Police Station. regarding the shooting death of Bah Che by the state police on 13th July 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kyntonmassar.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today held a meeting with the leaders of different villages under the Raid Nongtung. and discussed the intention between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to start the border demarcation in the area.
The dog was called (and this is no joke) Jesus, he was rescued on #GoodFriday by crews using a triple extension ladder and personal flotation device.
He said that during the coalition governments in the past years, Dr Donkupar has faced many challenges due to the change of government which has affected the state.
Conrad said that there are some areas where the construction of the gates will start within two months while for others who are facing problems in the area, the government is looking into other ways but he said that the government will expedite this process as soon as possible.
On this occasion, a singles badminton tournament was also held at the Mawlangwir Mini Indoor Stadium in which the youth of the area, both men and women, took part.
On the other hand, after finding the mynder without proper documents, the union has turned them away and sent them back to the place where they came from. KSU Mawlai Circle Asst Secretary Macdonald Jitem said in a statement.
Jungkook and Kylie Jenner will visit India after the opening of the NMACC which will be attended by several Hollywood stars. in the coming months Kylie and Jungkook will be married.
It has been alleged that on the afternoon of the 4th July, about 30 or 35 residents of Mawlongbna have abducted Markos Jeengap from Thyllaw village. Mawsynram PS. He lodged a complaint that the incident happened on the 2nd of this month at 4 pm, when he lodged a complaint that the residents of Mawlongbna under the leadership of Ass Bisiar had kidnapped him. a forest near the village and they shot and killed him.
After this, there was a discussion on the problems of the students in the rural areas.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today announced on Twitter that another person who has just returned from Maharashtra has tested positive for covid-1
The police have directed the Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat to bring these two office bearers of the village before the court on that day.
One of the constituencies, where such an incident has occurred is in Mawhati where Congress supporters from women and youth, have left the party to support Bah James Sylliang who has been denied ticket. and this has completely destroyed the Congress party in Mawhati.
Earlier, Ukrainian authorities claimed that one of their fighter jets had been shot down by Russia.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its concern and warning to the Government of India regarding the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
All of us have experienced difficulties especially now that the rain has stopped in the middle of the road.
However, one of the injured, Rahul Sangma, died at Shillong Civil Hospital due to his injuries.
The PDF has two MLAs, Gavin M Mylliem from Sohra and Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew.
In another development, the wife of UK Medical Education Minister UK Sudharkar and their daughter have tested positive for coronavirus. this disease.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Joe Joplin Marbaniang, Former President and Leader of KSU Sengkmie who was the Chief Guest and Bah Kynsai M.Lyngdoh (President Mawlai Town Dorbar) who was the Chief Guest on that day.
She said that these women are forced by their parents to do well especially in education and other activities despite their reluctance to run and this has led them to turn to illegal jobs. because of the misery of life.
What is right and what is wrong, only God knows.
Nik Dan scored 58 runs, Peterson Lamare scored 35 runs and Firstbornson Dkhar scored 35 runs. he managed to score 30 runs.
The Dutch Ministry of Education has also expressed concerns about the problems and interference of mobile phones in which students can no longer concentrate on the lessons given by teachers in the classroom.
In fact, KHNAM had planned to march from Madan Student to the place where Bah Adelbert was killed, but the procession was canceled because they did not get permission to march on the roads they had requested. The DC has allowed them to leave Madan Student via Motphran to Stand Jeep.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah SC Laloo, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, laid the ribbon as a sign of the opening ceremony of the Health Mela. The 75th Anniversary of India's Independence was celebrated with the aim of raising awareness among the public about many health related programs which the Government's goal and commitment is to achieve. to the citizens to have a healthy, well-fed body and to take care of themselves so that they can move forward in life.
It is undeniable that many of the students in the state have to face the suffering of unemployment and many of the students who have completed various courses in various fields of education have to live without jobs. work without jam.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the people, as they have to stand in line for many hours, in order to fill up petrol.
Bah Bless also asked who benefited from the money they illegally collected from 18 tylli.
This came after Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who holds two seats as MDC and MLA, is still in office, but others have left as soon as they accepted the bill.
He also hoped that the construction of water supply systems will improve agriculture, especially when the present government is paying attention to agriculture.
The market will be open from Monday to Saturday and on Sunday all shops will not be allowed to open.
The CM said the state government has collaborated with the German Development Bank (KFW) for the implementation of the project which will benefit 106 villages near the land. water well.
Shall we lose the things that our ancestors have inherited from us?
The law stipulates that there shall be no immersion of idols in the Ganga or its tributaries.
The Civic Body has listed 61 houses as dangerous under the C1 Category, which requires them to be demolished as soon as possible.
He said all the issues raised have been taken into consideration by the DoNER officers. He added that at the upcoming G20 summit, about 8 meetings will be held in five states and the sites will be identified. not enough for this.
Regarding the problems, the residents said that many of the patients cannot reach the hospitals, because it is very difficult to carry a person and walk for many hours. Not only that, but the footpaths are also the paths that have to pass through the forests to climb the hills and descend the high hills. and he troubled the people exceedingly.
U Bah War said that these are the days when it is difficult for the youth, it is a time of unemployment.
“The meeting has approved the EC's earlier recommendation to the government that the number of MDCs should be 29+2, which means that two MDCs will be elected while the other 29 MDCs should be elected by the people,” he said. Meanwhile, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that as other District Councils like JHADC and GHADC have faced many financial difficulties. They don't want to increase the number of MDCs and if they increase the number of MDCs, it will cause financial problems to the Council. In JHADC, they have not received their salary for five months, and in GHADC, they have not received their salary for 10-15 months. “I don't want to increase the number of MDCs,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Thousands of people marched from Madan Iewrynghep from 9 pm to Weiking Stadium at 1 pm.
“It is only the employee of NHAI, how can it explain, we don't believe the explanations of other departments except NHAI, the Chief Minister and the Prime Minister who are the authorities to look after. “If the company is still mushlia, we have to prosecute it,” said Robert Kharjahrin.
Article 10 states that it is prohibited to sell or sell kyiad on the 15th of July, 26th of July and 2nd of March and on any other days to be announced by the Government from time to time. another.
She urged the people and the Khasi Pnar community not to be misled or deceived by the leaders of the Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai to give the jait to their father, because if they are mistaken, it will become a terrible threat to the heritage. to come.
“We have directed the police and the district authorities to investigate immediately and arrest those involved,” Sangma said in a statement.
Speech was also delivered by the Chairman of the JAC, Bah Ricky Sohlang, and as soon as the speech started, there was a shooting by the robbers who did not know who they were. stones and marble through the jri to the venue where the chairman had to end his speech and adjourn the meeting.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that he will investigate with the Ministry of Education regarding the delay in the release of scholarships to school children.
After playing seven games, Ladthadlaboh have earned 10 points after losing twice and drawing once out of seven games. Rangdajied United, who have scored 10 points, have two games left to play.
Through the media, Rakkam A.Sangma urged the students to forget about any good deeds and especially the entertainment on the mobile phone and to focus on the These two examinations are the most important in the lives of the students and determine their future.
“I have ordered the closure of the Labor License office today and we will meet again on Monday to discuss this,” said Titosstarwell.
There was no accident in this incident.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining of coal in the state because it is dangerous and this ban has shocked the coal owners.
With the two teams resting for six days between their Test matches after completing three days in Delhi, Pat Cummins is expected to rejoin the team. for the third match.
On the other hand, the police urged the public to cooperate in the fight against this crime, as the police alone cannot do anything without the cooperation of the public.
The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (WJHTODA) has renewed its office bearers on the 2nd of this month at a meeting held at Chutwakhu Indoor Hall, Jowai.
Stressing on the need for holistic development, Minister Duh said that all parts of the country should be taken care of.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Administration, South West Khasi Hills District as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence Day. the full state and the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India.
Speeches were also delivered by GB Gunanka (IFS), KM Warjri President MCA and Bonney Kharbani Secretary MCA.
Balen Thubru, President of AJCCTA, said that if the AJCCTA finds any drivers and truck owners who spread dead cows, the AJCCTA will suspend their trucks and the Transporters Association will suspend them. it has the power to destroy profits.
Tiewsoh said the meeting also decided that if any teacher takes part in the strike program of JACATAM, the union will not be responsible and they should know.
Meris Kharsyntiew was elected as the President of Nongstoin Block while Rose Mary Marbaniang was elected as the President of Mawshynrut Block.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh said that the delay in the construction of this highway is a sad thing and this affects the traffic and traffic of the people. public.
Adityanath said Aydohya is the honor, pride and status of the state.
It is learned that when they arrived at the scene they wanted to board a boat and they were seven people in one boat but while they were boarding the boat suddenly the boat they were on suddenly turned over and all seven people fell into the boat. doesn't.
“The decision to re-implement the NEP will have an impact on the students in the society of our state.
All the VPP can do is to be vigilant and not to allow any corruption in the upcoming government.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : Mawlai SC, who won the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22, will play their last match against Langsning FC on Thursday. at MFA Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Ransom said the weight of the dome including the minar, which weighs up to 70 tonnes, may have been one of the reasons for the collapse. how much weight should it be because we have made the dome according to the design.
Besides, the lack of drainage systems also causes rainwater to flow freely on the roads.
The injured were identified as Md.Reyaz Ali and died of their injuries while Susanto Das was released. The driver of the vehicle was taken to hospital.
This is according to the old law of the old testament of Israel.
The Chief Minister Under 12 Open Football Tournament for boys and girls of Namdong Block has come to an end.
He said that now the BJP has gone to support the National People's Party (NPP) but the voters have come to the INC to join.
The State Government, which is in power, should therefore speak according to the truth these days, because if we don't speak the truth, it is like we remember the heroes and we don't have the opportunity. to act bravely, for the laws are bound to us.
At present, every day along the Myntdu River, people come to bathe and this also threatens the dohum from the acid that comes out of the river. on the other hand, you shall not eat or drink, says Pde.
The Tympang Village Authority has also urged the vendors from shops to street vendors to cooperate with the residents from other villages to cooperate by refusing to come to Iawmusiang Market if they find anyone. violators shall be punished according to the laws of the city.
Apandanka Marak did not take any wicket and finished his innings with 4/50 in 20 overs.
Many times we see that many of these civil society organizations are hypocrites, they don't pretend to be patriots just to lose it.
Shillong, March 30: The State Government on Tuesday handed over the land for the construction of the Permanent Campus of the National Law University Meghalaya. MSJA) through the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court who is also the Chancellor of the National Law University, Meghalaya Sanjib Banerjee.
He said that these games aim to gather information about the lifestyle of the people in different parts of India.
“Yes, there is an argument to increase the donation.
“The use of beautiful places to attract tourists, the proper use of farmland, gardens, the conversion of waste into fertilizer or materials to household use, are very few self-starting businesses".
In 2018, the leader of the party, Sohan D Shira, was shot dead after the illegal party collapsed.
Shillong: Nine pastors, who wanted to attend the Synod services in Sutnga and Sohiong, could not arrive today, because their visas were rejected by the Indian government.
The state government has already set up seven Regional Committees to talk to the Regional Committees of the Assam government.
Ltd, the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima has denied the allegation and admitted that the Dorbar Hima has not received any information about the start of operation of these companies in Wahkut and has not given permission to them.
In a statement sent to the two DCs, the Seng demanded that the District Administration should stop collecting money from the toll gates from the vehicles of the people on the grounds that the NHAI has not been able to provide them. There are no good roads, even a four lane road, and even side drains are not enough.
Shillong: Ka KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday 2nd June 2020, has visited Mawkynroh Umshing Village near NEHU. The meeting was held at the ground floor of the Rangbah Shnong's house. The meeting was attended by Samla John Kyrshan Hahshah, President of KSU Mawkynroh Umshing Unit.
The children were identified as Ahed Bakr, 10, Zakaria, 10, Mohammad, 11 and another 9 years old.
Police who were present at the scene are under medical supervision and all the cases have been shifted to Umroi Police Investigation Centre.
This is just wrong.
Regarding the traffic jam in Shillong, Bah Lanong said, “Why can't we build a single fly over from Happy Valley or Laitkor or Mawblei to Mawlai or Mawiong?
The Forum said that the ban on the sale of agricultural products has affected the Khanduli and Lapangap areas and the Khasi-Pnars living in Raid Nongjrong Raid Labang have not been able to sell their agricultural products. to the markets inside Meghalaya such as Khanduli, Namdong, Wahiajer and others.
“We need the cooperation of groups, Dorbar Shnongs and political parties to make this project a success,” said the DC. 48,767 people in East Khasi Hills from 17 constituencies.
The money was handed over to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District at his office on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the group wants that only commercial vehicles should be allowed to enter the road and then we will see what happens.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The Public Distribution System (PSD) will be suspended for several months as the Central Government has suspended tenders for contractors to become wholesale distributors. fair price ration shops in different villages.
In a meeting with some of the owners of Mawshun or employees and transporters of Mawshun who are entitled to work or who have received the legal Mine Owner License, the union expressed its regret over this theft. people who want to take advantage.
Therefore, the village will warn against anyone who comes to disturb the village and affect the peace and order of the people, therefore the village will also conduct surveillance, so that such people “These incidents will not happen again and if the village finds out, it will hand over to the law enforcement agencies to take the necessary action,” he added.
The Federation of Khasi States under the leadership of the former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, today came to meet the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. the Kings, the Ministers, the Sordars and the Rangbah.
East Jaintia Police, on receiving the news, set up roadblocks and seized the Maruti Zen and then the Bolero pick up at Deinchynrum village.
Furthermore, two pilot projects of Hybrid Surveillance System (HSS) signage are currently underway.
“The Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the construction of these projects worth T.5,400 crore has been submitted to the Central Government,” he said. the Cities will be funded by the State Government, the Government of India and through private sector funding.
“Expressing that the priority here is wrong, Bah Paul said that the issues that affect the society are drug addiction, the number of single mothers, child malnutrition, infant mortality and landlessness.
Therefore, the time has come to improve and increase the number of courses at this college by opening courses including electrician, stenographer, food processing, health care professional and others to assist and open up opportunities in the college. you're not alone.
The body of Ngeitmon was recovered at 5 pm from the thwei with the help of the Fire and Emergency Service.
In West Garo Hills, there are 9 cases including 7 high risk contacts, one foreigner and one health worker.
Shortly after, the company realized its mistake and apologized and promised to try to find ways and means to deliver the goods to Nagaland as well.
The statement said that the reason for the delay in filing the complaint is because it is still looking for information to get sufficient witnesses before going to court.
However, the schools have suddenly issued this directive and warned the students that they will not be able to write their examinations if they do not have the Aadhaar Card.
The UDP has sought clarification on the reason why the CEM has extended the deadline for the inquiry until the end of July and this too he has decided alone without following the decision of the Executive Committee.
Therefore, the government should investigate or strengthen these checkpoints at such times so that there will be no threat to the state especially at the exit points. to leave one state for another.
Before writing down the seven issues, the BJP state informed the shah that since the state became a full state for 43 years, power has been held by the Congress government and its allies.
Salman Khan has married too young and this time, a 26-year-old actress has proposed to marry Salman Khan.
The result of the MLA elections will also be surprising and unexpected after the 2nd March 2023 which is the new polling day in the state.
The union said it took this decision at a meeting convened by the Commander-in-Chief Sohan D. Shira.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), Bah Thombor Shiwat on Tuesday said that the state governments including Meghalaya and Assam should first meet and ask the people living on the border in the disputed areas. to know where they want to join.
In his speech, Kitboklang Syiemlieh, former President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, recalled that the KSU was founded on November 18, 2002 and consisted of only three units. , Langkynma and Border Area.
Tura, July 24: The District Administration of West Garo Hills under the leadership of Deputy Commissioner Jagdish Chelani, has decided to clean up the Ganol Dam due to the floods. The cleaning of this place has begun.
But Jesus came to seek the poor of the world.
UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, Working President Bindo M. Lanong, UDP MP candidate Paul Lyngdoh and others were also present at the meeting.
The HSPDP will work together with the national parties after the elections before the elections we will fight alone and this may be the year when the national parties will not think of forming a government because there are 4 national parties. They have already decided how to form a government in the state with all four parties and that is where the regional parties will form a government.
Although we have a wealth of history, we don't have any documents to preserve them,” he said.
East Khasi Hills has 105 cases and Ribhoi 42 cases.
On the other hand, the school authorities today held a celebration at the school from the students and teachers by cutting a cake, to express their pride in the name and honor that this young man has brought despite being a Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, M Thapa Headmaster of the school and other dignitaries and officials of the school were also present. village leader.
Shillong: In the next 24 hours, the sky will be cloudy with heavy rain in Shillong and surrounding areas.
With this directive of the government to the MLAs, the MLA scheme will increase to Rs 2 crore.
If found, the Shnongs will impose a severe punishment which they will remember forever.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister in charge of Home (Police) said that the OM has made it clear that in all government jobs the age limit has been increased to 32+5 years, which means up to 37 years. of age.
Atta will be sold at a price of 5 kilos per card in urban areas and 3 kilos per card in rural areas at a price of T.10.50/- per kilo.
In the area near the village, there is a pond of the king's water which is like a shyngoid in the Phlangjem River.
Regarding the lack of drinking water, the union has also requested the PHE office of Ranikor Sub-Division, South West Khasi Hills to take immediate action. Many of the water pipes in the villages have been cut off and the residents have suffered because they don't have enough drinking water.
Hundreds of members of the Presbyterian Church attended the 25th Anniversary Celebration of the Pnar Thor Sepngi Presbytery which was held at the Kmie Church in Ratacherra on Sunday.
He said that those who eat kwai should not spread the word when they find it because the umbiah kwai makes it difficult for those who walk and stand.
“We have taken all the steps to store and improve the water supply to ensure the ability to meet the water needs and also to revive our water sources,” he said.
Former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency KP Pangniang in the presence of his family members, Sordar of Raidnynsaw Hindro Samakha, Raidnynsaw Constituency, Raidnynsaw Constituency, Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency. elders of the area and others.
The office bearers are President Nartiang Circle Slimiki Phalangki, Secretary Arki Maskut, Vice President Sunil Bhoi, Asst Secretary Hame Swer, Organizing Secretary Fourki Lamare, Finance Secretary Bor Swer, Sport Secretary Kat Bhoi, Executive Member S. Dhar, Executive Committee of the Circle, together with 7 full members of the Circle, concluded the statement.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr Firmly Lyngdoh, Basan Raid Mawlieh, said that the religion of the Hima is to thank God and to ask for His blessings. thousands of children of the Hima and of the whole country.
Maharashtra police today arrested Arnab Goswami, Editor-in-Chief of Republic TV, in connection with the death of one of the clothes designers, Anvay Naik. and his mother, Kumud Naik in Alibaug in
“We sing about the highest morality, but that has disappeared.
The SP traffic said that there were rumors that it was a truck carrying coal, but after checking, he found that it was not coal, but coke. They have been verified by the shalan badon inside the car.
The KSU has also sent a letter to the Union Minister of DONER.
He also urged the elders and witnesses that when the Hon'ble Court calls them to witness and prove this terrible crime that Biangkupar Nongsierj has committed against his wife, they should stand firm and tell. right as it happened.
Khliehriat, July 28: The Jaintia National Council Nongkhlieh Circle under the leadership of its President, Bah Nikki Sutnga has lodged a complaint with the office of the SDO of MePDCL Khliehriat Division, regarding the collapse of an electrical post. At any time, the union urges the electricity department to replace this post which is endangering the lives of people.
Neymar, 27, is currently in Brazil, where he watched his country play Peru in the Copa America final.
The Minister also requested the Union Minister to send a directive to the Ministry of Education and the National Testing Agency (NTA) to conduct the special CUET examination for the students of Meghalaya. who have failed to write the examination due to the availability of CUET examination centers outside the State.
The Prime Minister has introduced the Technology Mission and it has been a success and we must work harder to make this mission fully implementable,” said Shah.
Shillong, July 05: Seven contract teachers who were dismissed by the state government in 2020 and who have appealed to the Meghalaya High Court for reinstatement. They gave two months to the government to re-appoint them according to the order issued by the court or else they will come forward to fight for their rights.
On the death of one person in Garo Hills, he said the Chief Secretary of the state has been directed to take the necessary action.
Speaking on the occasion, SK Sunn said that in fact, he had been offered the post of Chairman of the Boards and Corporations of the Government, but he refused because he did not want to. to spend the money of the people.
“We have decided to arrange six sites first and to visit and listen to the voice of the people, not to sit in Shillong, not to look at the map and the reports,” he said.
They also explained the right types of chemicals to use for the crops they grow and how to react if the soil is low in fertility.
“After the case has been registered, an investigation will be conducted to find out who should be responsible for this tort.
One may be that we are wasting time and the other is that we should learn to manage time.
However, Johny Nongrum fought hard to win and managed to lead to the end, but Abhijeet won by unanimous decisions.
The people wanted to ask him about the flight from Ampati to Songsak and now to Tikrikilla.
The RBTEDE leaders said that the residents of the village are living in despair, because they are being harassed by the Assam police, because if they get any development works, from Block, they were stopped by the Assam police along with other ethnic groups, who live in the area, even though the area is inhabited by Khasi.
The Forum sends its special Christmas and New Year greetings to the families of the victims who were shot dead by the Assam Police at Mukroh village on
Sports especially football is one of the areas that can attract foreigners to the state.
In the final match between the two teams, Ranikor CC won the toss and elected to tied first. SP CT set a target of 170 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets. .
Under the PMAY scheme, 47,000 residential buildings have been completed.
Shillong, November 5: Police of the Customs Preventive Unit, Shillong on Friday seized 45600 bottles of Phensedyl worth T.54 lakh from a Tata truck (HR). -63 A 6776) near Shillong.
During the programme, it was reported that there are 155 species of birds including 13 species.
If convicted, he will face imprisonment terms ranging from 5 years to 20 years depending on his past offences.
On the other hand, NAS President Tengrak Marak said, “In fact, the demand for the Electoral Roll for the MDC election is to protect the Achik community but this action of the EC has put the community in a difficult situation. "This is the most important issue that all MDCs should take part in because the GHADC is reserved for the Garo people according to Paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule. .
The speaker at the service was Rev. PD Khar, Secretary, Shillong Auxiliary.
Federick Wahlang scored another goal in the 52nd minute and Wanroyshang Sangma scored another goal for Umrit in the 68th minute.
He said that if a Khasi does not have the money to buy the land of a Dkhar, who lives here in Shillong; but the Government of Meghalaya has not purchased them.
Furthermore, at this time, many states in the country have been monitoring the impact of the H3N2 virus.
The Joint Action Committee of All Ribhoi Passenger's Vehicle today held a meeting to discuss the issue of Covid Duty and Election MLA Duty to the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles. A group of commercial vehicle drivers from Sumo, Taxi, Pickup and Bus on 16th June met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi Arpit Uphadhyaya to discuss the issue of drivers.
“It's been 5 or 10 years since I changed,” said Ksan's father.
The State Police Department has warned the public to be vigilant against the increasing number of scams and not to download any apps from people who just phone to avoid being stolen money through apps like and AnyDesk.
The PDF has elected three women including Macdalyn S Mawlong, sister of Jason Mawlong, MLA from Umsning Constituency and Teilinia S Thangkhiew, MDC from Umsning Constituency. Mylliem Constituency.
Immediately after the meeting, the market residents gathered to meet with the journalists to clarify the Minister's speech.
He said that this will never happen.
Then the results have to be seen.
"Reading books takes you on the straight and right path of life," the governor said.
Regarding the cleanliness of the parking lot, he ordered to convene a meeting between the Shillong Municipal officials, traders and farmers on how to clean up the parking lot so that nothing will happen. any pollution in the area.
Shillong, Nailur 08: Two matches of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament scheduled to be held on Thursday have been canceled due to bad weather.
He expressed his strong opposition to the Syiem's ​​action and said, “We will not allow any more burials, we will plant more trees in this forest”.
However, according to the investigation of the union, it was found that the implementation of the SSA scheme in Ri-Bhoi District has not been smooth as planned by the government and the rules of the scheme. If the scheme is not implemented properly, it will lead to a decline in education especially in the rural areas of the District.
He concluded with the word 'Uneconomic' to say that the traders reduce prices because they are poor.
They requested the CEM to take action on this issue so that the development works for the constituency can go smoothly.
On the other hand, the EM incharge of Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while explaining the allegation that the issuance of trading licenses has been too difficult until it has reached the ears of the Prime Minister, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. He said that the EC is not working now and that is why it has attracted foreigners who want to come and trade in our state and foreigners have understood the existence of the Council.
Replying to a question by West Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh, HDR said that these nine employees have been sent by the Veterinary Department to the Personnel Department. will give consent to be treated as full-time employees.
They don't biat because they have an unpleasant smell, so it is better to mix with umsohjew to remove the smell of umpiat.
“On the other hand, we suspect that the truck carrying these drugs was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The Minister expressed his gratitude to all those involved in making this project a success, including the developers, engineers and the implementation team.
Australia, New Zealand and South Africa have been selected from Group 1, while England, India and West Indies have been selected from Group
"Some activities or projects have to be careful when planning.
Shillong: U Bah George Lyngdoh, today sworn in as the new Speaker of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
However, Conrad said the government is still monitoring as it has not received sufficient information such as the number of the bus and the people who drove it.
When the women held the rakhi in the hands of the soldiers, there was a sense of excitement and joy for the border guards.
Through the work of CURE International India, it has been made clear to the public that children's foot diseases should be treated properly as if stingy it can lead to chronic illness.
Mehi Rymbai, from Moolang, said that one of the surprising things for the people is that Nehlang Lyngdoh, a former MLA whom the people loved and trusted, but U Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh has suddenly resigned from the public service without informing and without any explanation to the people who used to support him. Therefore, as a supporter of Bah Justine Dkhar, he requested that if possible, he should support Bah Kyrmen Shylla who is the UDP candidate from the 6th constituency. -Constituency Head.
So far, about 7500 out of 50,000 people have been tested for phase-2 across Meghalaya.
LG Nongsiej was welcomed by the HSPDP at a meeting held at the residence of General Secretary Renikton Tongkhar in Shillong. other office bearers of the party's Central Executive Committee (CEC).
With his own strength and the Spirit of God, Joseph was able to overcome temptation.
I apologize because my knowledge about the Garo and their contribution to the struggle for their own state is limited.
NEW DELHI: Kerala has been ranked the highest in terms of development performance while Bihar has been ranked the worst, according to a survey by the Niti Aayog. , in the year 2020-2
The child was identified as Habashaihun Shisha Shangdiar from Langja village and according to Bah Best Kharsyiemlieh, the owner of the child, he said that his granddaughter had gone to dig. from the house with other children, but later they left and it is not known whether this child went back to the house or not, because since then she has not returned home.
The confirmation of the coming of that King of Kings who will come in the flesh who is called the Messiah.
These include East Khasi Hills 127, Ri Bhoi 9, West Garo Hills 9, East Jaintia Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 5, West Khasi Hills 3, South Garo Hills 4, North Garo Hills 1, South West Garo Hills 1 and South. West Khasi Hills 1.
Khymdeit also alleged that the VC had sent the annual report, audit and account of the university to Parliament bypassing the University Court.
Shillong, Lber 13 : The Congress Leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Ronnie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Citizenship (CAA) is a politics of the BJP to divide the ethnic groups and citizens. religious beliefs, before the Lok Sabha elections.
Zechariah 6:13.
He said that the liquor shops which had been established since 1941 and 1948 have also been closed down such as the Shillong Winestore at Khyndai Lad, Mahari.
When asked what is the agreement between KHADC and KHCF for the loan, how many years does the KHCF have to pay and how much is the agreement for the loan? said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 06: The All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (AKHAF) Central Body has expressed its special thanks to all those who have taken part and who have worked hard to deliver food items to some places or villages. The Indo-Bangla Border Area has been affected by the natural disasters in recent days.
Shillong: It is shocking to see that many foreigners who come to Shillong for a few days or even a day, have been willing to change themselves just to attract customers for them. I'm going to Shillong.
So all the generations from Abraham to David are 14 generations;
Examples of such are the word mynjur which comes from the words 'mon' and 'jur' which becomes monjur- and later read mynjur; priest, markynti comes from the word mar and kynti and becomes markynti.
Earlier, the Field Officers from the three states submitted their reports on the SOPs which have been implemented for three months.
Agricultural activities.
The State Government has made it clear that it wants peace among all ethnic groups for the development of the State as a whole.
She said that through FDI, exports and skilled people, Meghalaya has become a leader in economic development and encourages others.
The statement also said that if the DC is dismissed, it will affect the entire district.
It is on this basis that the TMC has to stand against the complete abolition of this regime.
Speaking to media, the President of Ride to Serve, Bah K.Nongkynrih, said, “We don't feel anything about the illegal counting because we are not children who steal from home and here and there. our own body and we live on it with our own hands and feet.
Family pension at a flat rate of @70% for the welfare of family members of LIC employees.Over 13 lakh agents and over 1 lakh employees, who play a vital role in The growth of LIC and the strengthening of insurance in India will benefit from these measures.
There will be a curfew from the scheduled time until the end of the dorbar.
“You already have that talent that God has given you, take it and succeed in it, and if you need it right it will be a blessing for you,” concluded Bah Lorenzo.
Shillong: BJP candidate AL Hek has defeated PDF candidate James Ban Basaiawmoit in the Pynthorumkhrah constituency.
Nongjri Youth Rising beat Young Boys 4-2 in the Iv Uup Invitation Football Tournament The tournament was organized by Umkor Urksew Pynursla Sports Club (Uup Sc) which is one of the oldest clubs in the North East Pynursla. I'm working in Pynursla.
Today I walked along the road and saw that the construction was slow without anyone,” said Bah Beyond.
“We have nothing to do with this as we have not received the application to certify or stamp at the weighbridges in Mahendraganj,” he said.
Non-UDP candidates, including Dr DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) and Robertjune Kharjahrin, former President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (KAS), have been elected. (HSPDP), have left the UDP, expressing their willingness to get the ticket of the party.
I grace you otherwise too borderline.
Those who attend the selection process should bring their Birth Certificate, Aadhaar Card if available, and school ID.
The Sengbhalang alleged that the government's delay in submitting the report is to hide those involved in the case.
So all the opportunities were lost.
Such a person should not be allowed or accepted in Meghalaya.
In Mawkyrwat, the Minister of PHE, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, was the chief guest.
Thus, the delay of the Jews in rebuilding the Temple depended on God's time, because the times and seasons and years belong to Him.
From time to time we must look beyond the politics of the parties and move forward for the development of the State.
Brolding has replaced Metbah Lyngdoh, who has taken over the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The MPUF said that the meeting of the Dorbar Shnong Mynthning Pyllun held on 3rd March unanimously decided to expel all the Palat Shnongs including the indigenous people, especially those from other villages in Rilum. Jaintia on the 6th of March.
Through these two goals, Shillong Lajong scored the first goal of the match and in the 62nd minute, Pynche Tyngkan scored the first goal of the match. Nangkiew Irat scored the third goal for Nangkiew Irat.
We cannot have a clean rule of law if religion has no place in politics.
In the past, Tirot Singh had driven away foreigners, but now many have invited and welcomed him.
The State and society should no longer exclude and discriminate against women when making laws relating to village governance.
The Minister criticized the recent decision of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) to set a deadline for the State Government to implement the demands for the upgradation of all Adhoc Schools to Adhoc Schools. Deficit system by June 30,
Today, when he saw that the soldiers were acting unbelievingly, he went down himself to the place where they had dug and set fire.
Don't be afraid of us, don't be afraid of him who sits outside! However, we don't understand that either, because if we had understood this, unity would have ruled for a long time.
This situation has dragged them backwards because in their weakness to fight against the lack of change, they are obsessed with the power of money.
“Those who live in Meghalaya and who fought hard to get their own state have suddenly been forced to become citizens of one state.
The meeting was attended by leaders of KSU Sengkmie and KSU Ri Bhoi, including Pynkmen Sanmiet, Education Secretary KSU Sengkmie; KSU NKHD President James Hitlar Mawphniang, KSU-NKHD General Secretary, Toning Lapang, KSU NKHD President and others.
Speaking at a brief meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Bah Roykupar said that the meeting did not yield any results. he cannot take any decisions demanded by the civil society under the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
Minister C Kharkongor also expressed his surprise that the Hima Mylliem Dorbar Hall has been taken into custody by the government police.
We don't want other states in the region to become like Tripura,” he said.
“In his speech, the SDO of MePCL said that the people living in Iewmawlong area want to change the electricity bill from pre-paid to post paid connection,” said KHNAM leader Thomas Passah.
The awards are presented by the President of India in New Delhi at a special ceremony held in July each year.
After Amit Shah had a meeting with Punia, Thakur announced on Twitter that he would attend the meeting.
“We don't need to register to host the National Games because we have already completed it once but there are other states which have to hold it first and when they have completed it will be our turn,” he said. " said the Minister.
On the other hand, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said the party has won the 2018 MLA election through Samlin Malngiang, who is now preparing to contest on the NPP ticket. .
Russian troops have confirmed that they have found satanic seals on the walls of a Ukrainian military base in Trekhizbenka village in Luhansk.
Do I inject warmth purely?.
In Caraa, the Governor visited the temporary shelter for those who have suffered such incidents in the past, where hundreds of people have been killed. people who have settled and given shelter there for a while.
Speaking at a program held at the State Central Library before the laying of wreaths at the statue of the hero, the President of the Meghalaya BJP Mahila Morcha, Kong Sukhi Pariat said, “We request the state government to will focus on the challenges widows who no longer have a breadwinner face in their lives.
NPP leaders from Sutnga Constituency who have left the party include Block President Thijlang Shyrmang, Treasurer Puraimon Bareh, Secretary NPP Youth. NPP Youth Wing Sutnga Unit, Pynbait Sutnga, NPP Sutnga-Narwan Unit President Never Lamurong and Alienslyroy Bamon.
“If the Nongmihkhmat are still turning away from the people, how many times will you turn away from them, here only 30 people are turning away from the people, how many times will you turn away from the people,” said Bah Chyne. Ingdorbar after being appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Therefore, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, the Union of Village Headmen, the Union of Rangbah Kurs, and especially the Seng Biria U Khasi should be announced. The group of tyngshops is full of beer.
The new office bearers of the HYC Nongpoh Circle include Richardson Diengdoh as President, Mission Tron as Vice President, Tony Shylla as General Secretary and others.
The cleaning operation started from St. Thomas Higher Secondary School to Mairang bus stand.
Witting said that since the inception of the HSPDP, it has survived until now and now its journey has reached its 50th anniversary.
Weilyngkut: The National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday confirmed its youth office bearers in the presence of the National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Prestone Tynsong, candidate for the election in Sohiong. NPP leader Samlin Malngiang and others.
Since I was building the house, some people have asked me how to build the house, and I have told them that I will set up a Kyiad shop, but at such a time there are no opponents. However, the village leaders and the people are against until the opening of the Kyiad shop, he added.
The attempt of the state government to deprive the rights of teachers in these minority institutions is illegal and unconstitutional.
There are 275 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 56 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 26 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 16 in Ri Bhoi, 12 in West Garo Hills, 7 in South West Khasi Hills, 6 in East Jaintia Hills. South West Garo Hills 2 and South Garo Hills
In the past few months, the company has already repaired the road with stone blocks, but due to the traffic of heavy vehicles and heavy rainfall, the road has collapsed again which has angered the residents. village of Assam.
According to him, about 80 percent of the inputs required to develop the pig and poultry industry have to be imported from Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and other states.
Speaking to media, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Member of Sur ki Nongmawlai, said that at present, the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma is still working on the project. Therefore, to strengthen this demand, the Sur ki Mawlai next month will gather all the Surs of the Hynniewtrep people in Shillong.
The bad consequences of your speech :1) Speaking without thinking is a bad habit that can lead to anxiety and will hurt you especially when you need to speak in your life.
However, as of now, the JHADC is in grave danger as it has started to lose its autonomy for many reasons, said the BJP MDCs. They have investigated their journey in the past three months as MDCs who have responsibility for the people and the Council as a whole. Council to the shortcomings in the working methods which have been bloody since the past and until today.
Various competitions including athletics, football and basketball were held at the sports meet which started on Thursday.
I as a resident request the authorities to help us: Mr Iaidbha suwer.
Nongpoh: A man named Bah Barkmen Lawai, has lost his life after being allegedly tied by another man named Bah Barkmen Lawai. Bah B.Umsong, who is a friend.
Five foreign workers were shot dead by robbers at Garegittim village in Nongalbibra coal mining area of ​​South Garo Hills district at 11 pm on Friday night and three others were injured. give birth.
Lumshnong YWSC A beat Shymplong SC 6-1 in the second semifinal. The goals were scored by Maiki Nongtdu (11, 26, 33) who scored a hat-trick. Niang (6), Nelson Rymbai (7), Ruki Syrti (68).
The question is how can we get these jhur jyrngam if we don't have land to plant and bury? Through the work of NESFAS; We have tried to give this message to the residents on how they should act.
At the same time, the HYC Leader urged the State Government to take steps to introduce and pass the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill, the State.
The Chief Guest, Dr Sanky Shangpung, who is also the Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, said that it is necessary to have leaders who are willing to serve the cause from the bottom of their hearts. and the people are fortunate to have leaders like the leaders of the Rum Shnong Youth Club where actions speak louder than words.
Besides those ancestors of the Mawri tribe, there were those who came to the Hima Khyrim in the east, there were also those who came to Sohra, abroad like Bilat and America.
However, as the saying goes, 'God is with those who help themselves', the organization hopes that through their hard work, minutes and perseverance, it will bring glory to the household. the family, the clan, the village and the nation as a whole.
The incident happened at about 3 pm and there was a heated argument between the two sides and the owner of the land.
After the SNSBH's chairman, Dr Werlok Kharshiing, said that they are still waiting for the decision of the Supreme Court on the post of Rangbah Shnong.
These more than 200 students are students of Institutes in Churches, Districts and Presbyteries which have joined the Institute of JSKPA. to complete the building and also who donated 10 lakh tyngka for the Institute, in his speech, he expressed his satisfaction that the Institute has grown over time and has become more and more To produce young people who learn traditional music especially in the creation and production of traditional music.
Regarding these strange rules, the union would like to make it clear that this is not the responsibility of the Food and Safety Department, but these strange rules clearly show that the state government has received a directive from the central government to hide the meat that we the people eat from the beginning just for the sake of the honor of foreigners who do not eat pork or beef and this is a disgrace to us the people.
The ED team seized Rs 53 lakh, USD 1,900, about 540 grams of gold and gold biscuits and 1.5 kg of gold jewellery, a source from the investigation team said.
Furthermore, only the Garo, Khasi-Pnar people should be allowed, not the middle children, whose parents are from other ethnic groups.
Your votes are very precious and will shape our country in the years to come.
Therefore, if the third Temple is built, the end is near, the day will begin, and the first three and a half years will begin with the appearance of the sign of peace, the white horse, Revelation :1-2.
As a nation, it has its own wisdom and its own natural light, which can clearly understand the status of human beings in the world.
“However, it is sad and I am sorry that many cases do not come back to the courts of the Council because the cases between ethnic groups have also been taken by the district courts because the state government has appointed courts even in the Sub Divisions. and in the districts,” he said.
When asked whether there are any MLAs who have been approached by the AITC to persuade them to contest from the AITC, Charles said that there are still a few MLAs who have joined the party.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
However, we see the fact that the name of Harry Inglish has been forgotten even if some people remember a little BUT THE NAME OF THOMAS JONES WILL BE REMEMBERED FOREVER WITH LOVE AND RESPECT.I Rai Bahadur Ropmay writes, “Thomas Jones is the father of the Khasi alphabet and the founder of the Khasi literature”.
“It is not he who has accused Ma Welcome Dkhar of doing so,” said the MDC while talking to Rupang by phone.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA urged the SHGs to have unity and love in order to bring about change in their homes and society. to have a goal in progress.
Jammu & Kashmir was transformed overnight with the complete removal of Article 370 from the Constitution relating to the separate land of Jammu & Kashmir.
However, since the implementation of the Goods and Service Tax (GST), the government has not been able to collect revenue because the team is exempt from GST. across the state.
In a petition submitted to the Minister of Education, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit has requested to send an inspection to the Government Schools, Deficit or other schools which have a shortage of teachers so that to allocate the post of teacher in such schools so that it can help the students to receive the same training as other students.
Furthermore, vehicles of foreigners cannot enter safely unless they are seized by members of the Khasi Students' Union, Shillong and Eastern Border Area.
He also appealed to the people to work together to bring peace and order, once again as there is no more incident of violence in the state.
There was an urgent need for change and we need to unite to bring the TMC to power," he said.
Anemia is more common among women in rural areas, especially among women between the ages of 40 to 49 years and women who do not belong to Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe or Other Backward Classes. anemia affects between 45-62% of all women.
Many of them have to buy water from those water owners who get more water from the place where they dig.
“I demand that India be declared a Hindu Rashtra on March 2 or I will hold a Jal Samadhi at the Sarayu River,” he said in Ayodhya.
The BJP-led government has also promised to ensure that Assam, Tripura and Meghalaya and Sikkim are free from the invasion of foreigners. Schedule is a power that can protect them.
It has also been witnessed that only Assam has been able to build roads, mini stadiums, schools, dorbar halls, roads, electricity supply and other development works to the villages that have not yet been affected. within the Hima of the State of Meghalaya.
Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of West Shillong, said he had no intention of contesting for the Lok Sabha seat and his main goal is to work together within the party.
The people on the radio should try to create an environment in which other parts of the country will know the uniqueness of this North East”.
However, the White House has denied allegations that Biden has persuaded Turkey by promising to send US F16 fighter jets to Turkey if it complies with NATO's agreement. Biden also said the United States will not allow China to create or cause trouble despite the US's efforts to strengthen bilateral relations.
The SCPCR has issued this order after the Manager of Marvelene Inn, Edmund Paul Khair, was arrested but has fallen ill and is admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
In one of the videos posted in the media, it was said that a poster had made a request that these 10 bakha should cooperate.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Bah Bobby Lyngdoh, 44, of Mawiong Rim, Shillong, on Tuesday morning at 10:30 pm, has been shot dead by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Rim, Shillong.
Fortunately, the Khasi youth through the political parties, especially the KSU, Nongmynsong village which was almost invaded by the Nepalis until they named it Lalchand Basti, but now has returned to its original name. Similarly, part of the Garikhana has been divided and renamed Lumdiengjri, Happy Valley to Them Basuk, but surprisingly, the Khasi villages like Sunny Hill still speak English.
The establishment of the Youth Wing and the Women Wing was also approved.
“If those people from the north want to get jobs in Shillong at NEHU, why can't they come for interview here, why have to go to the north? This shows that you have a lot of things to do.
The petition also directed the Prime Minister to withdraw the Assam Rifle from Manipur.
Speaking to reporters after filing her nomination papers, Teilinia said, “The PDF is not a national party but a party from Assam”.
However, at the same time, the Seng is ready to hold strong protests if the government takes a decision that does not agree with the wishes of the people.
Kharbani said that in the struggle no one wants to lose, and everyone wants to win.
The government does not care about these suffering people.
“I appeal to the people to help revive this Khasi key and lock factory,” he said and this will help the people to create jobs.
In the first half, both teams were tied 1-1
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla is ready to file a petition in the Supreme Court against the state government for refusing to sign the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act. Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Shylla strongly criticized the District Council Affairs (DCA) and the state government for implementing the Inner Line Permit (ILP) 1873 and approved by the KHADC. District Council just as an employee or government department just because they don't understand the law.
The election of any MDC who is the leader of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is for the benefit of all and for the welfare and development of the villages. that thaw.
Although the ceremony was held, it reached the ears of the Rangbah Shnong's house.
How can MePGCL stand on its own feet when it has to pay salaries to many employees, have to look after, maintain and repair and replace the power plants in power houses and dams, have to pay to the debts and to the debts that have been gathered together? If MePGCL gets adequate tariffs, not only it will survive but all others like MeECL, MePTCL and MePDCL will also survive, because the power companies themselves cannot. im if they can’t generate much electricity and if they don’t get a very reasonable electricity price.
From time to time I will take him with me to develop his mind in his dealings with people.
Shillong: The BJP MDCs have rejected the claim that Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the National People's Party (NPP) in the state, has rejected the claim that Dr Kharlukhi, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha, The BJP, he spoke to the media, without the right documents.
In the village there are the Suting, Mynsong, Dkhar, Mukhim, Lynshiang, Nongrum, Surong, Pohshna and Pale clans.
The General Secretary of the HSPDP said that they will meet the Union Minister to convey their demand for a state for the Khasi.
The incident happened at a house in Lumsalah, Moodymmai at about 9:30 pm, while the children were sleeping.
The meeting was attended by RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, AG Sten General Secretary and other office bearers from various Units and Circles in the country. Dong Ri Bhoi, where there has been a strong discussion to create opportunities for economic development, not only in the District and in the State as well.
It is here that God is and protects those who love Him.
There you will have the right to tipbriew tipblei.
After that, the captain of Del did not allow the Meghalaya bowlers to score the goal in 7.2 overs.
I don't hate your foreign religion but in fact the religion you believe in shouldn't destroy our religion. Thank you very much. Jesus Himself said that we should go and preach the word of God to those who have not yet received Jesus.
He said that the union is very sorry that it has not been able to hand over the management of the 108 Emergency Services to anyone.
JA Lyngdoh will join the Congress along with his followers from the BJP.
Mizoram, which used to be the winners, beat Meghalaya by 191 runs at home, but it is impossible to predict after the two teams have failed to reach this stage. The team will be led by Kishan Lyngdoh who has won the sixth place in the country this season by winning the title. He scored 572 runs from five innings including one century and three half centuries.
In a statement signed by Will Anthony from SOMALA, NL Rapthap from KWWADA, A Kharbuli from CSWO, AM Shadap from WYWO, Joe Marwein from FKJGP and H Mawa from Mustoh, said that The 74th and 73rd Amendments to the Constitution of the country have prohibited the establishment of Municipal Councils in.
On the 30th of November, the Raij Chyrmang will celebrate the birthday of the Soo Langdoh Soo Raij. After many years, the Kongwasan of the Raij Chyrmang, in the presence of the Langdoh Jowai, Langdoh Tuber and Langdoh Ialong, The ceremony was attended by Waheh Raymond Nartiang, the first Pator of the Raij of Jowai.
“This preparation for the training of teachers has gone smoothly,” said Marak and added, “Teachers should be skilled enough to teach others because if the teachers are not trained, the country and nation cannot produce competent leaders'.
That hope or benefit that the world expected from the social arms reduction agreement, known as SALT I, between powerful countries like Russia and the United States, has been shattered. in the knowledge and discovery of new technologies and knowledge that can produce more and more deadly weapons of war and the negotiations on the social SALT II have been slow and disappeared in those discussing newly discovered weapons of war.
“This is what they call benami which is against the law,” said Bah John.
He said this when asked whether the VPP has invited the public to attend the decision of the meeting tomorrow.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the students.
“Mab Mei, that's why I don't want to live anymore and I don't know where to hide and forgive this sin I've committed.
If this is the case, what will happen to other famous monuments of Ri-Khasi if it is like the Mot Phran?
“These six MLAs have been expelled and banned from being members of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly since the date of the order,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah D.Jyndiang MLA Nongstoin, Samla Jylliew Marwein President KSU Langpih Area Unit, Samla Wellessly Lyngkhoi Gen Secretary KSU WKHD, and other leaders of various political parties. discussed the same topic.
This is especially true after the office received information on illegal mining activities especially in Sohiong, Mawblei and Umphyrnai areas which have severely affected the drinking water wells of the neighboring villages. .
Ri Bhoi District has five constituencies including Nongpoh, Umnsing, Umroi, Mawhati and Jirang. How many candidates will contest the 2023 elections in these constituencies?
Mukul, as the chief guest, said that Meghalaya is a state rich in culture and how beautiful it is like the Nongkrem dance, wangkala and Behdeinkhlam.
In a statement, the two organizations said that the people need to get clarity on the proposed First Amendment Bill the dorbar kur and the appointment of the rangbah kur and others.
A copy of the letter sent to the Chief Minister was also sent to the Chief Secretary.
In their speeches, those who spoke as Sengbhalang leaders, urged the state government and especially the department in charge of road works, to take immediate action on this road, whether it is to They also said that the deterioration of the road has affected the residents of the area.
However, in the second half, Lajong made a mistake from Doe's player until Mohun Bagan took the lead 3-1
He said that the union will think carefully to continue this campaign against foreign shops, as we have started by closing down those shops which cannot show the Therefore, we will do it more strictly.
One of the Longkmie from Barapathar village who is a Khasi said that we used to speak the Khasi language in this area and they don't want to go to Assam because they want to be in the state. Meghalaya is proud to be a Khasi people.
On the other hand, Anisha Mawlong, Head of Oncology Department, said that a cancer wing has been prepared at the Civil Hospital Shillong which also has a daycare.
He is indeed a Rangbah who works with a courageous spirit, a strong spirit and a strong spirit.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 14: Nongstoiñ Youth Calesthenic, one of the sports organizations, on Saturday held a street workout calesthenic battle. Meet Up Contest”.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee also opposed the inspection conducted by the Shillong Municipal Board.
Although East Bengal fought hard to score, they couldn't score until the end of the first half.
Lumlangki Pohti, Supervisor of Dorbar Shnong Ïalong and T.Ram Waheh Shnong were also awarded for their efforts in completing and implementing this project.
The finalists of the tournament were Youngest boy FC against Sakwang SC in a thrilling match in which Youngest Boy FC lost by a point. to score 1-0 against Sakwang Sports Club.
Tympew leaves are also known to protect against asthma, gastric diseases and others.
“She found the body lying unassisted inside the room of the house on her way home from school,” the newspaper said.
Shillong, November 15, 2017: The Raid Nongblai, Khyrim Syiemship, Shillong, on the 08th November, 2017, will be commemorated by the Paiem (Dr) Balajied Sing Syiem. U Bah Batstarson Khongsni with the office bearers of the Raid at Wahlyngkhat, Raid Nongblai.
He said that this will be for the private sector where they can apply through this government department and there will also be the Meghalaya Arts Award Scheme which will be implemented from next fiscal year.
“Mr Mayralborn also told the public that a committee of experts has been informed to review and read the policy, and he said that members of all political parties have been directed to give their legal opinion on this issue – regardless of whether they support or oppose the demand for a review of the reservation policy.
The taxi driver was identified as Mumtaz.
Chicken meat contains all 9 essential amino acids and is rich in protein.
He said that Jongkhsha, Nongjrong, Dienglieng, Pingwait and Kharang in the past did not have adequate roads but now the example of Nongjrong is one that has attracted tourists to the area.
In the men's category, Ri-Bhoi beat East Jaintia Hills 4-0 while in the women's category, West Khasi Hills beat East Jaintia Hills 4-0 beat 4-2 on penalties.
To prevent this problem in the society, u Bah Synrem said that there is a need for a respected court to expedite the trial and to punish those involved so that it will be a warning to the people. others.
The deceased were identified as Lal Lapang, 65, and Pian Namsaw, 44, of Umden La-ang. There is no electrical sign in Patharkhmah.
Shillong, July 29: Menarisha Sohphoh from Umsamlem village has won the title of Miss Ri-Bhoi in the Mrs. Ri-Bhoi contest organized by the Women's Organization of Ri-Bhoi District (WORD) which was held at Umsning on Saturday.
We are all proud of this.
“At this time, I don't feel like I'm going to take a decision on this.
Another decision it has taken is to look at the working methods in various departments and ask for estimates of their performance and inefficiency which they have to answer before the end of July,
In the letter, the KSU suggested to the government to order the various Puja Committees to set up a Pung to worship during the Puja as the people of the area do not want to see the Puja. The Lukha River should not be like the Wahumkhrah or Umshyrpi River in Shillong.
This office has become an illegal wealth generating office for decades according to the findings and findings of many citizens.
“The Government authorities have done what they should have done and registered thousands of cases and thousands of people have been arrested and chargesheeted.
On the other hand, the Union warns that if the relevant authorities do not take immediate action, the Union will have to take other measures to conduct programmes.
It is the richest in music, dance and dance.
The families who have been affected by this tragedy are crying and mourning for their children because they know that once they are addicted to drugs, their future has no hope.
“ Let the work go on.
The world is also more stable in the rural areas than in the cities and the people in the rural areas understand better what politics is.
He said that the construction of the stadium will start in March
Obadaïa Kelphung of Saitsama West Jaintia Hills won the gold medal in the full contact -52 kg senior men's category while Fedrick Khongsit of Laitkor Nongdaneng won the gold medal in the men's 52 kg category. you won the silver medal in the Full Contact 48 kg senior men's category.
The report was handed over to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma in New Delhi.
“On the part of the department, we are trying to request the meat owners who are here in Shillong if possible and if they are willing, to come and join us in the This is the place where you are in Mawïong.
Besides, many drug users are unemployed children and it is not easy for them to get money to buy drugs. others so that they can drug themselves.
Elections in India are held once every five years according to the Constitution of the country from MLA, MP, MDC where the people have to renew or elect new representatives according to their knowledge and skills.
During the investigation, the union found that the Marba Hub was owned by a relative and the allegation against Bah Mayven T.Marbaniang of Benami is like an allegation against the jaidbynriew. wrong.
Police brought the CRPF man and the woman from Himachal Pradesh to Alwar today and took them to court. u and from his family.
Sandondor said the people should not take the election as a spectacle or it will destroy the people later.
Tynsong said that the 10-day quarantine is wrong, as the government has not issued such an order.
However, even though they know that it is so, they cannot help but work hard and devote themselves to cultivation, because for other crops such as rice, wheat, and others there is no land to cultivate until they can cultivate. marketing.
The team started with an away match against Mohammedan SC and then drew 1-1 with Neroca FC at home, and is now 10th in the table with two points.
We don't have the money that the government has promised Rs3000 yet we haven't received it yet. I would like to request the Government to think about the problems, concerns and suffering of the people that we are facing and we want to get back to our own state as soon as possible.
The police report said that if the preparations of the Catholic Church to celebrate its 100th anniversary at this square continue, it could affect the peace and order in the village.
“To run the Quarantine Centers, the cost is not enough in these five months. The government, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and KHADC have provided only T5000, but the Dorbar Shnongs have been able to do so. They cannot afford this expense and the Dorbar Shnongs need financial assistance from the government if they need to continue to open these.
Now it is up to the Congress party if they can nominate candidates who are educated and who do not have any written records they will do well. the victory of the candidates will be more than they think.
St.Edmund’s School, Laitumkhrah.
On the other hand, Klanty Phawa has erected a monument to her husband (L) Nikhasi Dhar in the ground floor of her house. Pastor (Rev) TH Lyngdoh, in the presence of other Pastors, Elders and members of the Presbyterian Church.
Speaking on the occasion, Hek said that as the party leader, he wants to release all the CAA in Meghalaya and other states in the North East.
“If the government cannot decide to implement the ILP on the 29th, we will continue our protest until we can convince the government,” said a voice from the Sengbhalang.
Father Albert Thyrniang, who writes articles in English newspapers, has spoken out against many shortcomings in the Khadar administration.
Not to mention Nuterala.
Shillong, July 05: The State Government has written to the Governor of Meghalaya to convene a special session on Monday to discuss and approve the new Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill. GST) Bill on Monday 12th July.
He said that as a leader, he has already provided assistance to these families so that they can repair their homes.
As usual, through a strong spirit and joy, the janandolan has spread to the country.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “We have changed the working methods of the MPSC and the entire recruitment process by creating more Boards.
TRUTH is something that cannot be seen or touched, it is a kind of faith, and that faith is the assured expectation of things hoped for, the test of things hoped for. we don't see.
Even if I had stopped halfway, I wouldn't have reached the point where I am now,” he added.
The union said that the capacity of the school has reached 350 students and it will be very crowded if the enrollment of classes continues besides the small size of the class room.
The Kingdom of God is not a kingdom of individuals, but a kingdom of the poor, the rich and the poor, the kingdom of the workers and the carpenters, the farmers and the judges. blang sharai masi, is for women, young job seekers and students.
They buy milk from the farmers at the price of 47 tyngka per liter and there are about 29 Cooperative Societies which produce milk across the Khasi Hills.
The rebel group in which the suspect was formerly involved has signed a ceasefire agreement with the government, police said.
Kiang was a clever and strong young boy to help his father and he was also a skilled swordsman.
In the UDISE+ system, changes have been made especially in the areas of information access, data mapping and information assurance.
In the Umsohlang River, there are many laundrymen who earn their living by washing clothes every day and the residents of Kynton Massar village used to wash their clothes every day.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Thongkhar, u Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Thongkhar, promised to send a letter to the authorities of the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB). They should be able to meet the needs of the people and at the same time to revive the offices here in South West Khasi Hills District so that it will be more convenient for the people who are involved in financial activities.
“We have lodged a complaint with the Mawkyrwat Sub-Division but nothing has been done,” she said. This was announced by the President of HANM Nongnah Unit.
Insurgents can also enter the country from the borders.
These three youths are Banpynbiang Marweiñ, Francis Kharmuti and Lucky Nongspung. They are residents of Lumshyiap, Shillong. This is the Bungy Jump.
To visit the garbage dumps and government toilets.
The Secretary of Chaphrang I Sports Club Barato, Pyrshang Sten, thanked the office of NYKS Jowai for being willing to assist the club to hold such a program for the first time. ha Barato which is very important for the youth and also expressed his gratitude to all those who took part in making this program a success.
The 5th of July has been celebrated for many years as the Day of Remembrance of the Environment.
Finally, he urged the people to refrain from the destruction of forests, as the destruction of forests leads to the loss of many medicinal plants, he added.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) will hold an athlete selection on the 22nd July 2019 at JN Stadium, Polo at 4PM. in the 31st East Zone Junior Nationals for U-14, 16, 18 & 20 for boys and girls.
Sometimes they cut off their hair because they were too tired.
The problem is that there are many villagers (Hynñiew Trep and Achik), who have joined as direct SIs and ASIs from 1980 to 1986; but they didn't get promoted.
This year's season started on 7th July when the state played against Sikkim by 328 runs.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the 14th of this month honored and recognized the singers and musicians who have been in this field for more than 15 years at the Meghalaya Grassroots meeting. Music Project, Season 2 was held at the Marriot Shillong in the presence of Bollywood star John Abraham.
Through this website, the party can introduce and share the work of the party to the people.
"We will meet again," Kim told Trump, whom they had met earlier in Hanoi, but the meeting did not reach an agreement between the two leaders.
The dispute over the penalty between the players and the referee was very heated and there was also a verbal fight.
SK Sunn said that the committee has given time to the JNV in Mawphlang to build the Sewage Treatment Plant. The Committee also found that there is no full incinerator in many places such as private hospitals.
Once again, let us celebrate and remember the independence of the country from the rule of foreigners from overseas.
In the second half, the All Stars scored the third goal through Daman Pathaw to make the match 3-1
Mamata has made it clear that her struggle will continue until the issue is resolved.
He said the government has also been able to improve the provision of health facilities through solar energy with nearly 400 sub centers, more than 50 primary health centers and many other health facilities have been electrified.
This day is celebrated on the 26th of July every year around the world.
“Oh, is your daughter alone or not?” asked Santa.
The strength of the village and its governance system is the hope of the future of the nation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Adviser of the Union, Bah Andrias Kharbani, said that the Union does not end here but we will move forward how to improve the work and to help the residents especially the school children to to encourage them to stand forward and fight hard for their studies so that they can continue to achieve their goals and also for other tasks.
LK Singh District Coordinator IE SSA West Jaintia Hills in his speech appealed to teachers and parents to work together for the rights and benefits of children who need assistance from home, school and society. society.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has suggested that the government should accommodate the Harijans in the quarters of various departments where they work and not give them land to build houses and own jobs.
Furthermore, it was seen that there are some farmers' organizations who have tried to take the issue of the farmers to the government.
These leaders and members of the KSU from these Circles and Units, urged the families to welcome them with all their hearts, as the KSU has also helped them with these food items with all their hearts. that is, with the intention of helping them in such a time of trouble.
Tel Aviv: At least 700 civilians and 44 soldiers were killed in an attack by Hamas militants in Israel on Saturday morning.
If there are jobs in the police department, the maximum number of jobs will be 1,500, and the number of jobs will never be created every year.
That is why our Lord Jesus Christ offers the disciples another way to escape this heavy burden, and that is by saying, “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden.” all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest" (Matthew 11:25).
Since these years, coal trucks have started to arrive.
He said that this area is still lagging behind only because it does not have enough roads, electricity, schools and health facilities.
Palaniswami said the AIADMK government had provided a compensation of T.1.04 lakh per hectare for crop damage, while Stalin had announced a compensation of T.13,500 per hectare. for damaged plants.
However, it should also be extended to all parts of the Government of Shillong.
The disease is more common in urban areas than in rural areas, which suggests that there may be something in the environment that causes it such as food, air or drinking water.
The power outage has caused a lot of trouble to the semester students who are preparing for their various examinations in the coming days.
Speaking to reporters, Donbok expressed his regret that in Iewduh, the center of Shillong, foreigners have shown force and attacked the KHADC police. Uniforms, especially the robbery of journalists.
He said that the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem will be unveiled on 16th June, 2024 in Dhaka.
“This is urgent only to evacuate the people from the crematorium, we cannot refuse to release the water from the crematorium into the river,” he said.
“Among the members and leaders of the JSU, its Chief Adviser, Elnathan Pale has already donated blood more than 25 times,” said the JSU leader. as members and leaders of the organization they were more likely to avoid problems regarding the need for blood.
Shillong: The police have arrested Bah Suchen as a drama.
For this reason, the Office has entrusted me with the responsibility of collecting and distributing the rice to the people while the dealer has not been confirmed.
Singh said the ILP Act has not yet been fully implemented, although it has appeared in the gazette of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar, through Bah GS Shadap, Secretary, in the presence of Bah RR Makdoh, Adviser, RB Shadap, President and Ploster Syiem, Nicky Kharthangmaw. , the khors invite the people from different parts of the district, to participate in this day in their respective C&RD Block.
Shillong, June 19: The Managing Director of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeELC) Sanjay Goyal on Tuesday said that the problem of electricity shortage for many hours a day will be solved. remove in the next few days.
This allegation came after a visit to the border villages in Maikhuli, Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday to meet with the residents and to know the situation of the people after the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has visited Mawiong and Maikhuli villages following the protests of the people against the soskular especially the handover of 9 land. Villages of Meghalaya to Assam including villages which are not in the middle of the border dispute.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) Lambor Malngiang said that before starting the implementation of its various projects, JICA wants to know from the government what the government needs. quickly to do.
However, Bah Lyngdoh said that if they look closely in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the National People's Party (NPP) has been rejected because it has only five seats out of 36 constituencies.
In another development, a letter of apology was sent to Rupang through the email of AJHSWO, which showed that the brother of Ma Rimialson Daw, Moonlight Daw, has issued a public apology letter. , alleging that his brother, is ill and is undergoing treatment at MIMHANS, which is a headache hospital in Shillong.
“Send us in writing, well-founded suggestions so that the committee can discuss this matter along with the suggestions of other cases”.
Police recovered 15 gelatin sticks, 167 splinters, 1 fuse wire, 3 non-electric detonators, a pick up and 5 mobile phones.
The Lamlynti Border Farm Society was established in 2009 and is a society that helps to market agricultural products, including slatyrpat and others. plate with your dopkwai.
Such a problem is not only in Shillong, but in many rural areas, the rivers have turned into large streams where all the waste has been dumped into them.
The MLA also spoke on the shooting death in Mukroh, although the government has agreed to appoint a CBI inquiry, but till now it has not been appointed to implement it. The Sengbhalang and the people, although it has been almost three months now, nothing has been seen to do.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: U K Comet Rymbai Daloi Jowai passed away today at 2:35 pm at the International Hospital Guwahati after suffering from shortness of breath. He was initially admitted to Bethany Hospital Shillong for treatment. After receiving treatment from this hospital, he returned home. He was admitted to the International Hospital Guwahati in the ICU from the 12th until the hour of his death.
The One Stop Center is a place to provide assistance to women under the age of 18 years in relation to violence or abuse in the home, workplace or community.
In the incident, the teacher, as soon as she saw the child turning towards her, she ran away and finally the security guards of the school caught her and arrested her. I got this date from this student.
In the midst of all this, the group looked first to the resolution of the plans and doubts of the experts and think tanks.
“I will glorify the place of my feet” Isaiah 60:1
He said that the 35,000 people who have not yet received, the department is still checking the documents and the money is still in the banks, and urged that if you want to know the truth or want to They should not come to speak or sit in front of the Secretariat.
“I have heard that Jemino Mawthoh has written a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand the removal of the Minister of Electricity from the department. Jemino is a clean person, but I want Jemino to answer that the UDP means that they are like the Ganga.
The book was launched by the Durbar Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait in the presence of Bah Manly Star Lyngdoh Nonglait, Acting Basan of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait. .
One tomb is 44 inches by 24 inches and 12 inches wide, the other is 57 inches by 18 inches and 12 inches wide and the other is 70 inches by 24 inches and 12 inches wide. inches.
Not only that, the political party in the north of India, which is not originally from the home state, is closely allied with the political party in India, which aims to attack the minorities and Christians.
Pangniang said that there have been allegations that the Sordar has offered to sell 1000 acres of land without the knowledge of the dorbar and the dorbar has allowed to sell only 100 acres. The residents of Mawkdup, Lumrit, Lumdiengngan, Mawkynring and Lumkseh have complained about this and the complaint has come through the CEM. land of these villages within an area of ​​1000 acres without the knowledge of the village.
He urged the Chief Minister and the government to bring justice to light and to explain to the people what has happened and what the government will do, and its purpose.
From the time of the Apostle Paul until now, those difficult times have intensified.
These fungi are feeding on another plant and growing inside it.
“Every government work that goes to the villages or anywhere in any village, requires the authority of the Rangbah Shnong and Dorbar Shnong,” said Bah Lanong. He urged the State Government to address this issue so that the Dorbar Shnongs can get rid of this problem and also the Government is necessary.
However, this is the last MPSC before the school.
Among the village leaders, Nikthil Marak, President of All Killing, said that the village leaders have no objection to the presence of the Par maw in the area. Uranus Stone Production & Co., Ltd., many of the people from Uranus Stone Production & Co.
“The report of the discussions at the meeting with the leaders of the various districts will be sent to the SEC,” said Jemino. however, the SEC will consider the observations and opinions of the union leadership and make a decision.
They have to walk two kilometers to reach Sylhet and have been blocked by the Jhimai Tea Garden since 2015, Sanjeeb said.
On the other hand, the police have urged those who have committed this crime to surrender immediately before being arrested, as the police will not stop searching for them and they will not be able to escape. by law law.
The Government of India is promoting a clean country through the Swachh Bharat programme, which launched in 2014 and sets the target of cleaning the country from roads, households, urban and rural buildings by kha The Father of the Country until March
There is a lot of work in Jaintia Hills, some have received orders and some have not.
Shillong, June 20: Four civil society organizations including SRS-EJH, AJYWO-CB, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC have called for a 24 hour curfew. on the 16th of this month to urge the NHAI and the Meghalaya government to repair all the damaged parts of the NH 44, from Soomer to Malidor. Jaintia Hills District and also from other states of the North Eastern Region of India for their full support and cooperation in the curfew until it was successful and also from other states of India. run smoothly without any untoward incidents.
The plume of Lyngwiardpei.
The cause of the fire in the temple in the village is suspected to be due to an electrical fault in the kitchen.
The rally will start from Mawlai Petrol Pump at 3 pm and end at Mawlai Bus Stand.
There are 5814 Lower Primary teachers and 6727 Upper Primary teachers in the SSA and recently the SSA teachers have threatened to strike if the Meghalaya government does not release their salaries. .
According to a letter lodged with the KHADC, the Committee has said that the Lyngdoh of Raid Bhoilasa has been forcibly appointed without the consent of the Kur Lyngdoh and without informing the Dorbar Raid. The appointment of the Lyngdoh shall be elected by the Kur Lyngdoh and approved by the Dorbar Raid, but without holding an election from the Kur Lyngdoh and was forcibly appointed by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
However, the government led by the NPP, BJP, UDP, etc. has changed the language by making Hindi the 1st language by allowing the Governor to speak in Hindi. .
The award was presented by Durga Shanker Mishra, Secretary, Urban and Housing Affairs, Government of India, at a video conference ceremony. on July 1, 2021.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya has been in turmoil after its leader said that the President of the party from Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie was appointed President of the country.
While drinking, Lydia said to Hep, “If there is anything you disagree with or dislike about my words, you can express or correct them.” Hep was surprised to have such a thing.
Only those who do not have any symptoms will be allowed to enter these shops.
He said that if the government itself cannot set up a special battalion and send SF 10 to patrol, it is time to train the border guards and provide them with guns to protect themselves. I was arrested by the Assam police.
The poverty of the people has increased in this state, the poverty of thought, the poverty of strength to stand on the truth, the poverty of the weakness to be deceived, the poverty of thinking. selfishness, poverty over the desire for money and poverty to think about the future of the nation.
Let us now turn to some of the reasons why it is difficult for our nation and state to achieve our demands.
This change in the color of the sky and the river has happened again in the past few days.
On this occasion, Dr. Don urged the villagers to be steadfast in their determination to make Mawkliaw & Kemrang a tourist destination.
Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong FC in the 59th minute.
He also urged them to be clean when coming to this place.
Regarding this complaint, the President of the KDA to find out the truth, went to sit in a bus number ML01-6
At the age of four years, I was sent to a government school in the village but as a child I ran away from school every day. When I went to school, they used to bomb me and give me food so that I could stay at school but I didn't want to stay at school.
After the counting of votes on Friday, Brightstarwell received 24,262 votes out of 40,747 votes cast in Mawlai and won by 15,648 votes against Teiborlang Pathaw. second place after receiving 8614 votes.
On the other hand, the people have been warned not to turn the Rilang River into a garbage dump or dead bodies. The plastic bags were thrown along the road by the people who didn't care about the cleanliness of the environment and the garbage was found before reaching the bridge of the Rilang River, said the Myntri Shnong.
They don't care about such a Government of Meghalaya which is demanding one thing after another.
Because many who have believed and claimed to be Christians and followers of Jesus Christ, often do not receive an answer from God when they pray.
Our country has been moved its borders which the ancient Fathers had erected; God will judge this.
In the men's category, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat won the first prize by Wolbestar Ramsiej and in the women's category, St. Xavier's College, Umoid won the first prize by Daplin Wahlang.
He added that the news in recent days, in which two organizations including the Ri-Bhoi Achik Headman Association (RBAU) and the All Ri-Bhoi Achik Headman Association (ARBAHA) Replying to the issue raised by Jaiaw MDC Bah Adelbert Nongrum who opposed the Garo elections from KHADC, he said that in fact according to the Sixth Schedule of 1951, the Khasi Pnar people The Pnar, Bhoi, War, Lyngam, Maram and Diko are under the umbrella of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, which later became known as the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has been appointed.
Pierre de Cossette, a journalist for Europe1 News, said: “There are many people, dressed in their own clothes, who are shouting and saying that in the name of the Prophet, they have received to stir up the fire"
Shillong: Police have found a newborn baby boy with signs of being stabbed in the body of a dog after he was broken into a place. which is in the village of Lumkhyriem.
Speeches were also delivered by Teibok Kharkongor, Franky Massar, Lamphang Mylliem Umlong and others.
The main objective of this project is to develop traditional factories related to soil mining, as well as to market and produce more products and at the same time learn according to the present age.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills today ordered the closure of several shops which do not comply with the rules and regulations of the government.
The results of the RTI for the last three years are as follows :-a) In the year 2019 – 2020, a scheme has been introduced for agriculture which has reached about 1000 farmers. This scheme costs 12,000/- per farmer.
The Executive Committee of KHADC has issued this order to release the seized equipment of the company after the company has threatened to lodge a complaint in court if the Council does not. hand over these things.
Shillong: There have been 19 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today.
in ha let them look at the rules and make their own names.
The Meghalaya government is now planning to hold elections in Garo Hills like Tura, Williamnagar, Resubelpara and Baghmara.
The list contains 1168 printed names, while 32 have been copied.
In order to implement the schemes of the central government, the researchers said that in the month of November, they will deliver the seedlings of the soh phoh tet trees which they have already planted in the area. in Guwahati.
According to sources, the seven injured were returning from the Congress election campaign at Rajabala which also caused several vehicles to collide. These members of the Congress party should not be injured in this stone throwing.
Thus, the government of Bah BB Lyngdoh collapsed within 25 days. 7 times he contested MLA elections Bah Ganold contested 7 times MLA elections.
The selected players and support staff will leave for Gujarat on 5th April to take part in the tournament.
The Seng is pleased to send a statement, at this time it has been seen that there is no special initiative on the part of the Government to commemorate the fighters of the jaitbynriew.
CLEMENT MARAK, Minister Arts & Culture Department – ​​Food Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs Department – ​​Power DepartmentSNIAWBHALANG DHAR, MinisterPWD(Roads), Home (Civil Defense and Home Guards) Department – ​​Legal Metrology Department.
They went to Weisawdong, Weilynksiar, Nohkalikai, Cream Mawmluh, Cream Mawsmai, Cream Arwah.
The contract teachers who were dismissed held a march to the Secretariat and the police used tear gas even in the presence of poor female teachers and children.
The residents of Khar-ar Shnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block have appealed to the authorities of Khar-ar Shnong-Laitkroh C&RD Block to implement the 100 days work. this village.
When the vehicle was searched, 33 boxes of soap containing stem-soh powder were found.
The total number of matches in the tournament has reached 202 and the categories include Under-13, Under-15 and Under
The landlady goes on and on about them.
Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning Block, Bah Miwel Shadap Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Rangbah Shnong and Rangbah Shnong of Raid Nongtung were also present on the occasion. .
You have done well in Mawkyrwat and continue your good work with good knowledge.
Sangma was arrested from Rangdapara village near Gambegre, West Garo Hills.
This is a great honor for the state as a whole,” said Prestone after being sworn in as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
He said that the establishment of the Legal Service Authority is one of the objectives of the government to ensure that the people should not be discriminated against and should get a fair trial and equality of opportunity. get a judgment before the law.
“The pending salary is 30 months salary and it was suspended by the old ECs of GHADC. We now have to clean up the salary,” said Marak. .
In West Jaintia Hills, 1 case in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
Shillong: A petition has been filed in the Meghalaya High Court by Ma Shaniahlang Suchen against the Meghalaya Government regarding the proposal to hold a public hearing on 21st November 2020 at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat. is on the plan to expand the mining area of ​​42.051 Ha.
After Nagaland won the toss, Meghalaya, which bowled first, managed to drop three wickets for 27 runs before scoring 27 runs. I can't save myself.
Speaking at a meeting of the party in Shillong today, Bah Ardent said, “It is not a friendly struggle but a joint struggle which can lead to unity if enough in the coming days. .
Shillong, November 07: As part of the celebration of the 74th Anniversary of the foundation of the ULB. The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, Patron of the Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, today presented the Rajya Puraskar Rally at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
The Forum said that as citizens and land owners, they have the right to demand their rights.
If not, it is better to hand over to private companies so that the employees of these companies will not be worried or disappointed if they are closed down.
Police have also arrested Arki Rymbai, 25, of Sunny Hills.
U Bah P.Dkhar, one of the elders, said that the khwai competition at Pamphyrnai has benefited not only those who received the buskit, but also the Dorbar Shnong, the Village Pahara Group, the shopkeepers and others but it has an impact on other sectors.
There they sat down and talked about this and that, and Lydia invited them to drink.
“Here, there is a fraud and if the NCB case stands in court, then Sushant, if he is alive, will be the next judge. duh, because he was a drug user, drug buyer and paid money for drug access.
Shillong, June 3: Mighter Marwein, from Nongjri village, will contest as an independent candidate from the 26-Langrin MDC constituency of South West Khasi Hills District.
Regarding the dewbilat factories, Prestone said the government has sought a report from them and after receiving the report from them, it will take a decision.
The 19th of June will be the most important day in the Lok Sabha elections for two seats in Meghalaya – the Shillong and Tura constituencies with seven or four candidates. in the rhythm.
The Minister expressed his surprise why the people are against the dumping of garbage by saying, “This is the garbage, the garbage is nothing.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The newly constituted Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly will review the outstanding duties taken over by the former PAC.
Regarding the annual events such as the Synod and the Procession of various churches, it was said that they have not been included in the SOP's of the state government. For special ceremonies, they have to submit their own SOP's and must first obtain permission from the Deputy Commissioners of the respective districts.
“Even the Supreme Court has spoken well of the need for a Uniform Civil Code, but those who profit from politics to get votes are against it.
Mihmyntdu has nine districts including Loompyrdi, Lumchirmang, Lumpyrtuh, Riatsaliya, Mookymphad, Lumchyrmit, Khliehmyntang, Salini Colony and Moomon.
“They say that the water will cover Thieddieng village but it is not so because the dam is a running dam,” he said. It may be that even to begin the work has not begun, and this is only a misguidance.
Thus, the police have been able to control the situation.
Other speakers included the President of HYC Maweit Circle, Jeremiah Dkhar.
The polling for the 10 Lok Sabha constituencies in Haryana for the sixth phase of the General Elections will be held on 25th June.
Jowai: U Winning Garland Sungoh, MDC from 14th Mowkaiaw Constituency, today joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) by leaving the Congress party. Sungoh was welcomed to the party by the party leaders of the district including Moonlight Pariat and the MLA of Mowkaiaw.
Police, who received a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene and found a Scooty number ML05 AB 5721, driven by a driver. Khrawbor Pakma of Mynso village, West Jaintia Hills, and David Sajem of Ioksi village, West Jaintia Hills, were injured in the accident while they were trying to climb to Umiam to try to track down the vehicle. one car.
When asked whether he would try to talk to the MLAs to work together in one party, he said yes, the talks are going on but as leaders they already know where to go and there is no need to force them. They will choose for themselves because they are mature in mind and know what is good and time will tell for themselves.
On this occasion, the youths also collected donations from other youths with the intention of supporting the election campaign of Nehemaya Tyngkan.
On this occasion, the office bearers of the HSPDP Mawkynrew under the leadership of Bah Martle N Mukhim were elected and confirmed as President along with other office bearers and the President of the HSPDP Youth Wing Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang was sworn in.
He said that the allegation by Bah Shylla that those who bring HIV are especially from those drivers of cars or trucks, is unacceptable.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Kyrsoi Bok Nongbri and was accompanied by Bah Venus Pamthied, Secretary.
Initially, his wife phoned his daughter who lives in Shillong to inform him that he was coming to Shillong, and on the 19th of this month, his relatives from Sakwang SWKH also left for Tura. to find out but never found out.
Rape, rape, street harassment, kidnapping, death by robbery, have caused women to live in fear even in their own homes.
In this regard, the KSU has lodged a complaint with the police after suspecting that there was nothing wrong with the song and suspecting that it was illegal drugs.
Jowai, Lber, 05: As part of the efforts to encourage women in sports, sports, physical fitness and competitive spirit among women, the Nehru Yuva Kendra, Jowai will hold a Nari Shakti. Fitness Run in all Block of the District on the 9th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 17: The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the FOCUS is not a grant but a grant from the government. Producer Groups that don't have 5,000 to 20,000 members, but the public doesn't have to pay 5,000 or 10,000 tyngka.
The Jaintia Hills District Council in 2020 has tried again to file a case against the Supreme Court's order not to allow the District Council to interfere in the coal mining activities in Jaintia Hills. The Supreme Court to hear her request to allow the JHADC to take part in the issuance of permission to mine coal to private individuals or residents of Jaintia Hills.
“When you get to the office you will understand what we will do,” he said.
The public awareness meeting was held at the Market Complex in Nongstoin Market where Dr. Indakiewlin Kharbuli MBBS MD (Medicine), DM (Nephrology) Consultant Nephrologist took part in the awareness session.
Jowai, Lber 25: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today swore in the new office bearers of the HANM West Jaintia Hills District at a meeting held at GHM Guest House, Myntdu.
We cannot escape these truths.
The current war between Russia and Ukraine is happening at the right time.
This is why they lost their lives, they died together in God's destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah.
All these matches will be played at the SAI STC Center, Shillong.
Sohra, March 03: Two tourists have gone missing today while they were on their way to the Nohkalikai Valley in Sohra.
Section 12 of the Act clearly states that Slum Clearance means that the Government may demolish and demolish houses in these areas.
Replying to the question that the KHADC will provide financial assistance, the CEM said that the District Council will have to examine the reports of the Dorbar Shnongs before providing financial assistance to the Dorbar Shnongs.
Besides other newly elected MLAs, Ministers Hamletson Dohling, Samlin Malngiang and others also took part in the programme.
Besides, WillL has died and is no longer operating in the rural areas where BSNL has left many rural areas instead of improving and strengthening with NGN and FTTH. On Cellular GSM The BJYM said that BSNL has been established in many Civil Sub-Divisional areas in Meghalaya.
Because if we fight for our own party, it will be the same. There will be constituencies where only because of two or three names of the ethnic parties, the candidates of the ethnic parties will win. National Party.
From the signs found inside the vehicle, the DRIs confirmed that the vehicle was used for drug trafficking in the past.
The winner received T.15 thousand while the runner up received T.1 thousand.
Kriangrin village is located in the area leading to Langpih in West Khasi Hills.
Mairang, Nailur, 24: The Dorbar Pyllun of the Seng Kur Warjri, which includes about nine villages under the Pyndenumïong sub-division, today held a meeting to discuss the demands of the parakur parajait of those villages. the welfare of society, especially in terms of death and disease.
God is angry with the nations that attack Jerusalem.
Once the Roster is discussed, the Reservation has to be discussed,” said Bah Titos.
Those who wish to apply for the selection must bring their Birth Certificate, Government ID, 2 Passport Size photographs and equipment for this purpose.
Shillong: The number of drug traffickers has increased in the past few days and on Saturday night, 28th July 2021, the police of Guwahati, Assam, arrested Seven persons and a Bolero vehicle registration number MN 07 D 3257 used by these seven persons with the intention of smuggling drugs to Guwahati have been arrested. The vehicle was seized after receiving a detailed information from the security agencies and immediately conducted a search and check on the roads of vehicles passing through the National Toll Gate. Police have seized a large quantity of heroin from a vehicle hidden in the backlights of a vehicle at Naziraghat Sonapur in Assam. car, on the seat covers as well as on the dashboard of the car.
Many of them have fled to neighboring villages like Mooriap, Moorap, Madan and some have fled to Jowai and Nongkohlew.
It is no longer like the time of King Tirot Singh” and gave the example of small Israel, but young men and women must serve in the army for two or three years. and when they came out, they became leaders of themselves and held the rank of human beings.
When asked whether the political parties in the Indian coalition have ever met in Meghalaya, he said that there has been no meeting yet to discuss the 2024 elections.
Jowai, Naitung 19: Today is the day chosen by the leaders of the party to hold the 180th anniversary of the death of Tirot Singh Syiem.
She said that the culture of nations comes from speaking their mother tongue from childhood.
“We should not be guided or ruled by emotion but we should be visionary.
Referring to Balaphrang, Arnold said that he has been able to represent the state in the Eastern India Championships held in Imphal and to win first place and then to represent the state in the Eastern India Championships. Then he took part in the 52nd Asian Body Basic in Pune to win the fourth place. Then he took the examination to become a judge. Bah Balaphrang has passed the examination to hold another position in life.
They received a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka each and a syrnod.
Meanwhile, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the signing of the social boundary settlement without the consent of the Hima Chiefs and the residents is against the will of the people.
It may be recalled that this road was cut off on the 16th of this month, due to heavy rainfall in the state in the past few decades.
I Bah Benister KharporGeneral Secretary,Meghalaya Liberation Association of Visually Impaired (M.LAVI)Contact No.: 7005481120E-Mail Id: k.
It is to be recalled that Balajied, along with two members of the KSU, Dawanbiang Shullai, Assistant Finance Secretary, CEC and Rocky Shylla, Sports Secretary, KSU Wahthapbru. Unit were shot dead by the State Police on 23rd July, 2000 at Nongshiliang while they were meeting with friends at a house.
Martha was angry with her sister.
Because it is said that China does not own the southern part of the sea.
Police suspect that the driver of the Scorpio was in the middle of a road accident, and it was because of his inability to control the vehicle that it went into the collision. I'm driving a Bolero pick up truck.
Once you think about the availability of land, it is too difficult for MPs to provide services.
Speaking at the meeting, Shylla strongly criticized the two women who opposed the Bill, Angela Ryngad and Patricia Mukhim. being raped by their foreign husbands.
It was also understood that any person who sells Ri Raid land on the land of Raid Nongkhlieng will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the Raid of the Dorbar Pyllun.
The SP was not injured but the vehicle he was using was damaged.
The goal is that by 2026, the world should be declared polio free.
All those arrested have been sent to Parliament Street police station, the source said.
Barato Mukroh MDC Ma Aiborlang Shadap has expressed his deep sorrow over the departure of this teacher and demanded that the education department should provide another teacher so that the education of the children will not be affected. school this school.
The Veterinary Department staff immediately rushed to the scene to spray medicine on the household and also to post mortem the dead pigs. There is no report on the death of the pigs.
Ram Gurung, who scored the first innings, scored 100 runs.
According to BAM, before the spread of LSD, each shop could sell up to 100kg of meat per day.
The United States and China are in the midst of a dispute over the production of these types of tires.
New Delhi: Forty-one people in a household have tested positive for Covid-19 in Kapashera, Delhi.
Send them to live on the moon to cleanse the earth.
He said that the support of the ethnic parties to Bah Pynshngaiñ is on the issues of the people but he has done something without thinking by dividing the ethnic parties by creating the People's Democratic Party. Front.
The Act of 1985 states that any party may be dissolved if “one of the leaders of any party (Seng) decides to leave the Party and such defection shall be deemed to be a membership”. merger’.
conclusion please give.
The National Symposium was organized by the Agri-Business Incubation Center of the ICAR Research Complex for the North East.
“This year has been a year of terrible drought that they have never seen and experienced before in the past decades,” said the farmers. Even the hills and farmland have collapsed in an unprecedented manner in which the earthquake has been about 200 meters wide and about 2 kilometers long. fall from these fields.
In India, the Tribals are known as the Adivasis, which means the indigenous people.
It is learned that the sale of the drugs is without any restriction even in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Tura.
“It is time for the EC to show by its actions, not just by talking,” he said.
This government has destroyed the fish of this area but in terms of development, Jaintia Hills is lacking in all aspects.
Earlier, Dr. Sunil Kaul from the Indian Public Health Foundation gave a training on the management of the organization, information on the laws and how to work in the community.
Shillong, Naitung 03 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma is now ready to meet the Defense Minister, Rajnath Singh to discuss the transfer of land to the Army in Shillong. Shillong Municipal Board.
(4).
The people feel that it is difficult for them to participate in the election of their leaders, but when they are corrupted by the leaders who invest money, the people especially in the rural areas They are looking forward to the election so that they can take part in corruption.
Roads were blocked by heavy rainfall in Guadalajara, the capital of the state of Jalisco, in northern Mexico.
“The BJP should not be defeated and the BJP should be defeated because if it comes back to power, it will be a threat,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Although the Riew Hill political parties have not agreed before the elections, they have the intention to form an EC in KHADC after the elections. .
The legend does not know in which village of the Jaintia Hills Sajar Nangli was born and in what year because there is no written history, but it is said that he lived in one place. on the other side of the Kupli River which is still known as “KA KUT SAJAR” which now falls under North Cachar of Assam.
Former Meghalaya Minister John A. Lyngdoh has said that the MDA coalition government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should be dissolved.
As part of this, various leagues have been held in various age groups at zonal and national levels under the Khelo India scheme.
When you complain, you don't know if the corona virus is still spreading.
The commission did not agree with the lack of a medical officer of the jail, as many prisoners need medical treatment.
According to sources, it was in April 2022 that the CBI filed a case against the theft of examination questions conducted by the APPSC. Assistant Engineer (Civil) conducted by APPSC on 26th and 27th July,
Instead of banning the RSS, they have banned it.
“Even if the Prime Minister has already ordered those who do not comply with the Reservation Policy to appeal to the court, we would like to advise the state government through the Minister of Works. “But if it doesn't reach anywhere, we won't take that step because at present there are only two ways for us, either to protest in the square with the people or to go to court,” he said.
He said that although the world has been filled with sin which has caused us to fall into many evil deeds, temptation, misguidance, persecution and persecution, God still loves us. and it is our duty as Christians to draw near to God and if we continue to turn away from God the time will come when we will have to face great trials which God will punish us.
To bring about the development of Nartiang Constituency, a group of seven political parties including the JSM, JSU, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) The MPUF, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) have formed the Nartiang Modop Coordination Committee.
First, the body of Lewis was recovered at about 8:30 pm and after half an hour, the body of Jopborlang was recovered.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, President of GORETO Socio-Cultural were also present at the cleanliness drive. & Welfare Society, Shillong, Shri PN Sharma, Commandant of CRPF, 67 BN, CRPF and others.
Meanwhile, the central government has sent seven companies of CRPF, four companies of Border Security Force (BSF) and two companies of Central Reserve Paramilitary Force to Garo Hills to maintain law and order.
Prestone said the government will hold an All Party Meeting next month to discuss the issue. within the Cabinet and then with my colleagues in the MDA,” said Prestone.
We can say that from this time we make golden shoes for the mynder and Dkhars, while we sell them at a high price and just by selling too much we are expelled from the shops or forced to take them. may be given to other buyers.
Shillong: The KSU War Jaintia Circle and the KSU South Central East Circle today held a meeting with the exporters from War Mihngi and War Jaintia together with the Rangbah Shnongs of the area. to discuss the intention of the State Government to start trade with Bangladesh.
“I don't have anything to do with his positions, I don't respect his positions without having anything to do with it,” he said.
Dr.S.Shangpung, EMIC Education, JHADC as the chief guest blessed the festival and distributed buskits to the winners and certificates to all the participants.
Shillong, June 02 : The State Government has taken all measures to address the shortage of doctors in the State and even to revise the bond policy.
It is up to the present legislators whether they want to continue the same or review and renew the Reservation Policy which has been in place since
According to the monthly trial, he sustained injuries to his right face after a collision with Cristian Romero.
The committee urges the public to cooperate by following the rules of driving and urges the public to refrain from burning fire to avoid fire as a sign of respect. to preserve and protect the environment.
Police from Rongjeng, Nongalbibra, Williamnagar and Tura rushed to the scene.
On this occasion, awards were also presented to three lecturers who have completed 25 years of service, Dr. (Mr.) JP Sharma (Deptt.
It is the story of the struggle for the people and that is the work that the NPP is leading – vision, goal, unity and strength,” said James Sangma.
“It’s like, if I’m an investor of any businesses and I want to go somewhere.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Shangpliang said that the campaign is to raise awareness on the issues and responsibilities of women.
This disease is not as active in strong trees.
Nongpoh: To learn about the plight of the residents of Nongwah Mawtamur, before the second border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang together with Bah MB Tongper, ADC Ri Bhoi, said: This morning, they went to the village to get the opinion of the village leaders, so that they can understand the feelings of the people of the village.
In Tura, Warima scored the first goal for Selsella through Benjamin Marak in the 13th minute, but Charlie R. Marak equalized from the penalty spot in the 50th minute.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The two Ministers of Tourism and Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Agriculture, on Tuesday said that the It is a great pleasure for the people of the state if the Central Government appoints a Governor who speaks a common language or English.
Kharkrang said the police have submitted a report to the court on the punishment of those involved.
The pastors said that the forced conversion was an attempt to destroy their trust in front of many churches in the district.
Many people have been unable to pay their bills because after registering their lights, the office has delayed in building bill lights for many months or even years.
Shillong: The MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency and the Minister of State in charge of Arts and Culture and others on Tuesday said that the robbers who burnt and damaged one of the Jesus Christ Crib inside the Red Cross Laban they follow Jesus Christ and firmly believe that Jesus Christ will rebuke such thieves from the Kingdom of heaven.
Regarding the ATM, Samla R.Nongtri, Publicity, RBYF, Western Zone, said that the ATM at Patharkhmah village is the only one that has provided services to the public. The people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi as a whole, but the increasing number of people in the area, have caused a lot of trouble.
There has been a debate on whether the EVMs are 100 percent reliable.
On the orders of Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, officials of the government department visited the house and found that a residential building and a church building had been destroyed. A temple and a school were flooded and the office of the Syiem of Hima Maharam and the ICDS school were severely damaged. .
Ampareen said that all the remaining equipment will not be taken to Mawkyrwat.
The Lord Jesus Himself foretold the death and resurrection and compared Himself to Jonah.
To us, we’re looking at fifty or sixty years in the future.
The petitioner admitted that he had received information from the DMR, Shillong that the amount of T.13,42,73,616/- has been sent to the DMF. East Khasi Hills District on 26th November, 2018; in addition, the amount in the DMR Account amounting to T.2,60,46,168/- from the contribution to the DMF Fund as of 30th November,
However, she didn't feel useful to sleep anymore.
Lent has been celebrated since the time of the Apostles but there was no exact arrangement until the Council of Nicaea in 325 AD. the Orthodox Churches in the Middle East, which celebrate Lent.
India has changed this mindset by committing to achieve its goals alongside the country's social and economic goals.
The size of the uranium waste shows that the holes have become larger and it is not known whether the explosions came from these holes that the members of the union have found, said a statement from Bah Forwardman Nongrem. , President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
He said the meeting decided to oppose the government's plan to set up camps for the ANVC-B not only in West and South West Khasi Hills but in all the areas within the border. Khasi - Jaintia.
“If there are gaps they can be filled and the gaps can be filled.
R.P.Kalita PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, SM, VSM, General Officer Commanding in Chief (GOC-in-C) of the Eastern Command.
He said that since he met with Bah Prestone, the police have stopped to drive vehicles on four parking lots of autos heading to Polo.
They were ready to cast magic.
He was speaking to reporters after a meeting with the COVID-19 Management Committee of several villages including Khyndailad, Oakland and Jail Road after the confirmation of about 10 cases on Friday alone. There are 10 cases of COVID-19 in Jail Road, a village in the constituency.
I am young, and when I die, I will have another young man.
It can be seen that the respect of the Tamils ​​for their language as well as the Mizos and other states in South India is too much to force them to speak Hindi. accepted never because to them the language was a special snapshot of their national identity.
This was the first entry of the Israelites after more than 400 years of living in Egypt.
On November 3, 2022, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, inaugurated the 100 Beded Maternal and Child Health Hospital at Panaliar and laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Integrated Hospital. at a meeting held at the PWD grounds, Jowai.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, had refused to remove the Minister, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was accused of being one of those involved in the teacher recruitment scandal.
The crowd was very happy.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 4,534 and East Khasi Hills has 2,4
Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai, Leader of the Opposition, urged the EC led by Ma Thombor to take action to look into the revenue outside the council's budget and to amend and improve the Service Rules of the Council, Forest. Policy and to strengthen the provisions of the Waheh Shnong Act and others.
Kruse won from Western Angami Assembly constituency while Jakhalu won from Dimapur.
Mariah Carey and Lewis Capaldi have won the BRIT Billion Awards, the first time for the two singers to receive and win the BRIT Billion Awards.
From 15th November, the State Government has increased the Honorarium from T.100,000 to T.1,000,000, while the Central Government has increased the fee from T.900,0
He said that as the people have celebrated the 10th anniversary of the death of Bah Cherish by laying flowers and holding a meeting without any problems, so the government should. Respect the voice of the people and bring the report to the House so that all the MLAs can discuss the report of the Justice T Vaiphei Commission.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the State expects to attract the influx of private companies up to T.8000 crore in the State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor DS Sohkhlet, Senior Executive Secretary of the Eastern Synod, expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Pastor Mawroh. other.
On the allegation that the Tura Medical College has been used by insurgent groups, the DGP said, “After this matter was brought to the House, I phoned the Superintendent of Police West Garo Hills. The SP of WGH has gone to investigate and confirmed that this is not true”.
The PDF is the ruling party in KHADC and is led by the Congress party. As it is now, the party has also joined hands with the ethnic parties as well as the Independent MDCs.
In addition, the Committee also proposed to introduce the Indian Knowledge System (IKS) in the curricula of all subjects.
This happened while the security forces were conducting a cordon operation against the militants.
If Ma Ieid had been with us, the border areas would not have remained as empty as they are now and Assam would not have been willing to write and clear the border within Meghalaya.
Polling agents are not allowed to leave the polling station during the polling.
The body was found after a tip-off from the police who worked at the scene who said that there was a snowstorm and when they searched, the police found the body of a woman.
The court also found that there are still many issues that need to be addressed in the memorandum whereby those persons with disabilities should also be included.
On this basis, we the children of Sutnga Elaka request the government to ban those who have documents.
She said that this village has just come to give training, but from time to time the department has been going around the villages to give training. However, in these areas, only 3% of the population has already been vaccinated.
It was suggested that the opportunity should be opened earlier to import materials from abroad for use in the manufacture of equipment suitable for the situation in the tribal states.
The winners of the Under 12 Boys category were 1st Meshwa Syiemlieh of JNV Nongstoin.
Referring to the cleaning of the road, it was seen that it has been a pleasure for the passengers, as in many parts it has been completed and also to improve the road. I'm going to leave.
However, at 7 pm, Kong Sahitina said that these people came back to her house and told her what had happened in the evening.
Also, to avoid the use of rnga wood which has seriously affected the health of the farmers, the Government should order from April 24 that LPG should be used in all Shet Ja rooms. Go to schools throughout the State so that the tree planting campaign will be the basis for environmental preservation.
Nangshai Nongpluh of Mawryngkneng CC took six wickets for 18 runs in four overs.
The order was issued after the DC received information that the illegal mining of goods and syiap from the bottom of the rivers is still going on in the district.
These include 10 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
Ever since Priyanka spoke about the difference in payment, many people have supported her and now Madhoo also agrees with it.
Iraq was invaded in 2001 by British Prime Ministers Tony Blair and George W Bush when they overthrew Saddam Hussein.
The State Government has decided to strengthen the presence of Village Defense Party (VDP) groups in areas where drug trafficking is most prevalent in order to curb drug trafficking, drug abuse and others. four kinds of alcoholic beverages.
Police have admitted that there were about 20 youths who had thrown stones on that day and they have also named them as members of the civil society.
:A BSF troops on 11th June 2024, at midnight, went to the Indo-Bangladesh border at Hawaitila and found a man walking near the border. and International border (IB).
The example I can give here is the urgency to get our own state by quickly incorporating the Garo and approving the reservation policy according to the wishes of the Garo which has affected our youth. in unemployment and education in various sectors.
This spirit of cooperation was evident at this meeting where all those who took part expressed the spirit to ensure that the children of Meghalaya will have a bright future.
In this regard, Bah Disparsing Rani also asked AMD whether it will continue to mine uranium samples.
On the other hand, u Lytan said, “I don't know the reason and I will call a meeting with the people who support me to discuss the forced removal from the post of Dy.CEM”. He said that the meeting will be held on the 2nd of this month.
The KSU Lapangap Unit, which is located in the areas of Assam, has raised a big question mark to the CEM, why the forest of the Forest Department of the District Council at Khanduli has been auctioned. In the past few years, forest logging has been banned in Assam even though the District Council has proper documents. “Isn't it the JHADC that doesn't have the forest land of the JHADC while it can't be used, it has been banned in Assam, why doesn't the JHADC have Doesn't the JHADC leadership know exactly that this is its land and why do they allow Assam to ban logging on the land of JHADC? Do you have any intention of holding a sword in your hand if you don't want to kill the enemy?” This was announced by the General Secretary of the KSU Lapangap Unit, Samla Saikial Sumer.
Kalyan Barua scored 33 runs off 22 balls while Ashish Gurung scored 23 runs off 13 balls.
In this regard, the Association would like to clarify whether the Government has received information from the Department and how many of these teachers have not yet received their Original Marksheet and Certificate.
Shillong: The Congress in Ranikor, MDC Mansturdy Nongrem, has left the party to support the UDP candidate. M Danggo from the UDP was nominated by Bah Pius Marwein.
Shillong: U Bah Toki Blah, one of the greatest intellectuals of Khasi Hills, has passed the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) examination in 1972, where he fell into the UP Cadre.
Shillong: After a month of ban on the sale of beef, the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KWWA) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of beef. He went to meet with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar to give temporary approval to open a temporary cow market in Byrnihat.
He also urged them not only to rejoice because they can heal the sick, but also to heal the souls and minds of those in need.
You will be able to join Dwarksuid in October
He is one of those who have a blue eye.
They said that they want Bah Donlang Sohklet to contest the MDC election from Umsning Constituency, after he applied for the ticket from the NPP. , said that the meeting between these elders and the youth, was to want him to contest the MDC election. Supporters of other parties, he will contest even if he should be an independent candidate, but the best and hopeful way to reach the goal is if he gets a ticket from the NPP.” At this time, many supporters from other parties, whether NPP, PDF and UDP are looking for the name of Bah Don, but this delay by the NPP to announce the ticket from “This constituency has really upset my supporters and especially the supporters of the NPP,” said Bah Donlang Sohklet.
Shillong: Lumpy Skin Disease (LDS) of cows has affected many parts of Ri Bhoi District and other parts of the state.
Although this is the first time to hold this Rong ka Taw, it can be said that it is a hope and encouragement to the KHADC and the Hima who are working together to continue this work in the years to come.
Know that the life of man is temporary like a plant and a flower, now it blooms and falls, sometimes it falls without time without thinking, because God has put the word. that all flesh is like grass and a flower and this must happen to everyone, and the word he has spoken must last forever.
The HNLC has expressed through the media that it wants to come forward to talk peace with the government and also asked the state government to appoint a ksiang. to continue the talks between the government, in which the Prime Minister, yesterday accepted their proposal.
Meanwhile, the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will hold a meeting tomorrow to discuss the High Court's recent decision on the Rangbah Shnongs.
It is learned that a photographer of the Meghalaya Times was shot dead by a camera in front of the Civil Hospital Tura.
He also appealed to the people to know their rights and the government has created the means for all the citizens to get that right if they come to the law and most of the time. Many people don't know especially the existence of the Legal Service Authority is one of the ways to provide assistance to the people in terms of legal matters, he added.
It is to be recalled that the President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, has written a letter to the Chief Justice on 8th November requesting him not to accept the High Court to hear the case. through the Department of Planning, Investment Promotion and Sustainable Development regarding the allocation of funds for the construction of a crematorium of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, Mawsynram Syiemship at Kenmynsaw, Synteiñ Village, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 24: After the resignation of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, MLA/MDC of the Congress from Sohiong Constituency who is also the Minister in charge of DCA, today followed the resignation of the Congress MLA/MDC from Sohiong Constituency. Ardent Miller, MLA/MDC of the HSPDP from Nongkrem Constituency, has resigned.
However, shortly after this, the Government of Bah Mawlong also collapsed in December 2001, on the charges of corruption by the PRAC group that Bah Mawlong was involved in corruption in the construction of the Meghalaya House in Calcutta. The investigation into this allegation, which was appointed by the new Chief Minister, Bah DD Lapang, under the judge of the Gauhati High Court, Mr Rajkhowa, has not found any truth. on this question.
Shillong: The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, on Tuesday said that Bah Ardent's statement to ask the RDA candidate to withdraw from the RDA election is a mistake. MP election is unfounded.
For Manipur, Seigoumang Doungel, Haokholen Kipgen and Doungel scored.
Other tasks included in this Special Summary Revision 2021 are to remove the names of any persons who have fled their villages and those who have died within their villages during this period through complaints in the form- 7 through the nvsp.
Speaking at the meeting, former Congress Vice President Starvid Kharbani said that his joining the NPP is due to Macmillan's inability to work and change the country. the entire Nongstoin Constituency.
He also explained the opportunities available in the use of spatial technology to strengthen the audit work.
Before the meeting, the leaders and members of the party burnt the books that the Government of India has written the provisions of the Citizen Amendment Act which will be implemented across the country.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said the HSPDP is a member of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which includes the UDP. They have given their full support to the UDP candidate who is also the son of Dr Donkupar Roy to win the election to strengthen the RDA and the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
The KSU demanded that the school should be open 24 hours a day and the Chowkidar should be ordered to check the entry of ksew and miaw.
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the HPC has requested the government to introduce some changes in the blueprint which has been prepared and approved by the state government.
During the investigation, police found that the fire broke out from the Iingshetja room and spread to other rooms.
In the Home Guards and Civil Defence, the tant has requested to introduce a new curriculum to be in line with the Police Department. “Therefore, they have requested and urged that the same should be done and the Police Department and the Cabinet has given their approval so that they can proceed with the implementation,” he said.
Promotion-Promote your products if they are new such as blue berries, kiwi, strawberries, fruit wine, jam, jelly or oyster mushrooms especially those that are not known, You can inform the public that you grow these products by taking part in government programs such as Exhibitions, Fairs to make people aware of these products and especially for foreign investors to witness these products. your.
No rainfall in Shillong, Sohra and Barapani. The humidity in Shillong in the morning is 55% and in the evening it is 78%.
Shillong: U Martin M Danggo, MLA from Ranikor, will resign from the Congress MLA on 10th November to contest from the NPP in the by-election. times.
Speaking on this issue, Bah Ardent said that the government's introduction of amendments in the past years has undermined the purpose of this Act which is in fact a stieh to protect the right to own property. The land is owned by the indigenous peoples of the Khasi and Garo as well as the Rabha.
Now, the title of the song has been revealed by the pronunciation of "her," which means 'ma ka'
Tura, July 28 : The District Level Inter School Football Tournament was held at Chandmary Stadium, Tura on Tuesday.
In the evening of this Saturday, in the preparatory service for the Lord's Day, a speech will be delivered by Bah Shiningstar Warjri, along with the Lyngdoh Sohblei of Mawbri Parish.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has promised to take action to send the land tax, but till now they have not received it while the construction is progressing slowly.
On the other hand, the union leaders said that if the state government does not feel able to improve the road, it should hand over to the central government to implement through the PMGSY scheme as it has done for all. roads everywhere.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul Sangma also urged the people to understand the position of the TMC party in order to bring about change in Mawhati and the state as a whole.
Rohit Rai was named Player of the Match.
The members should be submitted to the Executive Committee before being appointed and the ethnic groups in the Council include Pnar, Khasi, War, Bhoi, Biate and Hmar (from Khaddum and Fuck it.
These are the reasons for the meetings and discussions to invite others to join in this struggle to bring about a new government in Meghalaya.
The KSU strongly condemns this robbery by the police who have shown no mercy even to women, and demands that the authorities should immediately punish the police involved in this robbery. .
Speaking to reporters, the President of the CoRP Central Zone, Bah Shining Kyntla, said that the party is deeply saddened by the affected people due to the power outage. Raid Myrdon and the reason is that the power outage has affected the people especially in this age without electricity many jobs have been suspended and loss of income to the people.
He recalled that in 2013, when they introduced the new constitution, they removed the Laitkroh constituency and replaced it with the Umsning constituency.
The Minister said that the government will not be able to increase the financial assistance as they demand because the government usually provides a lot of financial assistance to the ASHAs according to their performance. The ASHAs' strike will affect their salaries as the Central Government through the NHM monitors all the jobs in the state.
Before the start of the programme, a welcome was given by the president of the club and training was given by the staff from Sanker.
Kamwada-e Syngkon, Vice-President Rtn.
In their hands, they hold mobile phones and set their ears with earphones in their own world.
Meghalaya in the first innings didn't play well, and it looked like they would lose all wickets for less than 100 runs but Heiyomiki Ryngkhlem's 43 runs alone managed to save them. increase the number of runs.
After winning the ISL Shield twice in a row, Greg Stewart is now eager to raise the title for the third time to make the club proud.
BN Sharma, IG BSF Tripura Frontier and DK Upadhyaya, IG BSF Mizoram & Cachar Frontier were also present on the occasion.
Similarly, the Gujarat IPL batsman has scored 100 runs in a Test match against Australia this year; in which he scored 128 runs in that match.
However, the match against Lebanon will be more difficult for India.
Through the digital transformation of broadcasting, especially in relation to cable TV, it is necessary to enforce the rules.
The rules are that they must be 18 years of age or older, born or raised in Meghalaya and must have knowledge of football.
Mawrie said that until now, there has been no message or information to him regarding the misunderstanding in the party.
“This allocation has been allocated for Meghalaya in two parts, the first phase of the ECRP and the second phase of the ECRP and this allocation has been allocated through the National Health Mission,” she said. .
This dance is a celebratory dance to showcase the colors and appearance after the suit and shor.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has strongly opposed the decision of the JHADC and some people to recognize Umpleng as a new village although it still falls within the boundary of Moolamylliang Village. , East Jaintia Hills District.
In the last MLA elections, we didn't hear much about the political parties talking about the ILP. We don't know what the MDA-II government has on this issue. They have led the demand for ILP in the state.
Besides him, Bah G.Kharmawphlang IAS, Deputy Commissioner of Police EWKHD, Bah MB Syiem, MPS, other government employees, invitees, leaders of the area, schools, colleges and people from the District.
The Director General of Police (DGP) of Assam, GP Singh on Tuesday said that the case in connection with the death of an SI (Junmoni Rabha) has been handed over to the Criminal Department. The Investigation Department (CID), Assam will conduct a thorough investigation.
I don't think you've thought about it yet, but you've been waiting for it...” said Kongthei Daplin. When they reached the grounds of Daplin, they parted without finishing talking about Bah.
Meghalaya in 2018 has witnessed many mid-term elections after the elections last June.
The total number of people who attended the meeting reached
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent a show cause notice to Paul Leong, owner of Marbaniang-Nichol's Roy Building in Ïewduh.
Pillika R Marak top scored with 25 runs while Mikchikime scored 19 runs and Cheriksa S Sangma scored 15 runs.
Wahumkhrah has also been severely affected by the heavy rainfall, which has caused flooding, especially in the Polo and Pynthorbah areas.
He said that since 2015, there has been no examination in this department.
Replying to a question by the Sengbhalang on the deployment of CRPF in some areas, Bah Paul said that there are areas where it cannot be left without the deployment of security forces.
Another secret is that besides praying, we need to flee from temptation.
“The performance of the athletes at the Third Meghalaya Games has encouraged the government to continue to provide all the necessary facilities to promote sports in the state.
It's too early to say whether we've won or not.
Shillong, June 01: U Bah Andrew Shullai, MDC of JHADC and former CEM, on Tuesday said that one of the problems of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) is that they do not have a law prohibiting the use of establish.
In two days, he will arrive in Shillong and meet with leaders of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, people's leaders and others.
Dr Mukul said the government should have considered carefully before opening any project especially the Hydro Power Project as it has to comply with the rules of the Central Electricity Authority (CEA).
“I don't want to go,” said Bah Shanbor.
It is for this reason that many young people, even young women, have left their homes and the state to work in other parts of India.
This is Bah Aldous' fourth book after April Fairy, Collage and Reflection.
Jowai, Lber 27: The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, in a statement today, said that the Sisters who run the Nazareth Hospital, Shillong will come to open the Nazareth Hospital, Shillong. Nazareth Hospital Unit, Lad Pasyih-Phramer on the 31st of this month.
The teachers on the list said they did not trust that the investigation would be clean.
I saw that the factory in Rwiang is now closed.
In the first match between Mawlai and Kharang, Makrisha Songthiang of Mawlai led the goals of the team in two halves. first in the 3rd minute of the first half and in the second half led with a goal in the 47th minute.
Therefore, on his part, he suggested that you should go straight to the lawyer.
“After holding a meeting with the Village Authorities since 2009, the Board has implemented this project,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have joined the National People's Party (NPP) on 6th June, 2023 at the NPP headquarters in Lower. Lachumiere, Shillong.
KSU, JSU, JSM, STIEH together with the Lumshnong Dorbar Shnong have protested against the proposal on the grounds that the District Authorities have not yet received the No Objection Certificate from the Lumshnong Dorbar Shnong. Public Hearing at a place within the village.
The Zilla Panchayat leader said that the difference between the Council and the Panchayat is that they receive support from the government to carry out various development works while in the District Council they can even generate revenue themselves.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang regarding the blockade of the road by the Karbi to the Khasi-Pnars living in the area. According to the Chairman of the Forum, Bah Chandame Sungoh, the Karbi have blocked the road in Myn-i Umpawiang, Khanduli and Mukroh. and it went out to Mookoilum, Tibin and England.
The song was written and composed by Rev John M Moore, minister of the Baptist Church in Glasgow.
The protest lasted about 45 minutes and at the last minute, the US troops announced that they would open fire on those who protested. that the ISIS leader blew himself up, killing himself, his wife and children, who were in the upstairs room.
Dr. B. Sohkhlet, Consultant Psychiatrist, District Mental Health Program in East Khasi Hills, gave a short speech on the World Suicide Prevention Day.
The Water Resources Department and the PHE Electrical Division together with the Myntdu River Cleanliness (KYKWM) on Tuesday inspected the Jowai Water Supply Station at Mupiah section of the Myntdu River after receiving a report that the water is too long.
“I will continue my education at this school," he said.
This series will be ready to start shooting as soon as the story is written.
Furthermore, for many political parties, the manifesto is just a release, it is not often heard that the parties implement the issues contained in the manifesto.
The duties of IAS officers range from peacekeeping, to formulate policies, to implement them, to advise government ministers and to be representatives to other countries or to be secretaries in various countries. Other UN agencies that the country needs, IASs also look after the welfare, development of the District as a whole and many other tasks that have been assigned to them.
The event was attended by the Sordar of Laitmynsang Village, Bah Shot Nongrum, Secretary Village, Bah Noren Suting, office bearers of Laitmynsang Sports and Cultural Club, elderly, youth and children.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has expressed its desire to continue the Meghalaya State League (MFA) which started last year.
On the opening day of the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Hoping arrived at the Dorbar but due to illness he could not attend the Dorbar until the end of the Dorbar Synrai which ended yesterday. .
The bill, which was introduced today, was passed today after the MDCs agreed to pass it.
AIS SujaWe have already read about Jerusalem here on earth, the capital of the land of Israel.
“Why is it necessary to publish the anthem in English and leave the existing one?, the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) in 2021 has passed a resolution to recognize the characters in English. Jaintia Hills and now the Government has shown that it has not respected the decision of the District Council and this has shown that the Government has something behind it to remove the Jaintia Hills. The Jaintia Hills has been protected by the ancient leaders.
This will be the first match between the two teams from the East in the I-League 2018/1
As can be seen from the signs, the RDA candidate will be from the UDP and will fall from the shape of a bomb.
It is learned that the CRPF troops who stay in the camp used to come to buy food from the shops at 9 mile Baridua every day. The number of cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has increased.
The rynsun is a plant belonging to the family Alliaceae.
Syntu Ksiar besides being a place with its own history is also connected with the legend of the ancient struggle of the Pnars against the British government.
The Agriculture Census is conducted every 5 years and from this census to obtain information on the number and size of farmland, land allocation, farming methods, fertilizer use and others. others, The data obtained from the Agricultural Census will be used in the formulation of new laws and programs relating to agriculture.
These factories have been set up and operating illegally in one of the areas in Shallang area without proper permits.
The government does not want the unemployed youth to leave the country without jobs.
Regarding the complaint of the public about the fare and the carrying of passengers exceeding the rules that one taxi can carry only 4 passengers, the union admitted that They themselves are following exactly the order from the DTO office to carry only four passengers, three in back and one in front.
Women, women and young women in traditional costumes and different costumes came out to witness the carrying of diengkhlam and finally Khnong Blai, which was brought to Aitnar and the carrying of diengkhlam by them. Kmai Rice.
Furthermore, the VPP would like to thank the students who came out to support this struggle, the members of the party from various departments and the people who came to stay overnight at the camp. and to the volunteers who spent their days ensuring that everything went smoothly.
According to Lamphang, the working of the present building has affected the working methods as the workplace is in Khyndai Lad while the dorbar hall is in Rilbong.
Speaking at a public meeting in Mawkyrwat, Sangma strongly urged the MDA government to strengthen the Trimanool Congress in Mawkyrwat constituency under the leadership of Bah Sounder Strong Cajee. election 2023.
Shillong: The JCI Shillong Pine City will hold a tournament on the 8th of October in Shillong.
He said that the CoMSO wishes the Chief Minister a good health so that he can go to Delhi to lead all the MLAs to demand ILP from the central government. .
When asked whether they receive any assistance from the government, they said that some of them receive assistance once a year or once every two years and these assistance is a subsidy to buy cows. I'm going to kill you, but now I'm going to give you money.
"If the VDP of Iawmusiang finds anyone who violates the law, it will be punished according to the village law.
The video, posted by Naila Ina Yat, a Pakistani journalist, shows the prime minister's speech on the country's overpopulation and the country's overpopulation. the minister, gives an example, with the closure of shops in the markets.
Former President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) who contested as an independent candidate from Langrin constituency and received his results today, has also released 10 issues of action. contests which are the issues of action for the state especially for the constituency.
The first tea factory in Meghalaya was established in
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawsiathnam said that they play this football as part of the entertainment of the youth of the village and as part of the promotion of football in the area.
We are a part of everything.
In the final match, Mookyrdup beat Tuber Ïalong 5-2
The players who will compete in the tournament include Siwel Rymbai, Daraphun Talang and Lionel Daryl Rymmei. Syngkli Defender, Babysunday Marngar, Kitboklang Pale, Nikelson Bina, Damonlang Pathaw, Dameki Khongstia, Dawanchwa Carlos Challan, Robert Khongjoh and Baiaikara Swer Midfielder, Sheen Stevenson Sohktung, Nelson Rymbai, Shaiborlang Pyrdokha Heinward Play, Khladeh Kharpan are Syiemlieh Assistant Coach, Freddy Kharpran Manager and Lucky Mary Marbaniang Physiotherapist.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Abdul Kalam, u Abdul Kalam, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the morning of the 23rd of this month between 10 am and 2 pm, unidentified persons have abducted him in a vehicle. They seized T.15,000/- tyngka.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Congress candidate from Laban-Mawprem for the mid-term MDC election, Bah Moon Lyngdoh, has expressed his regret after the party has ordered him to sit down without contesting the field.
“As it is now, the EC is stable and there is no incident that has led to this point of distrust but today, suddenly, we cannot understand what the purpose is,” he said. President of the UDP. At the same time, he denied that there will be any impact on the cooperation in the state government, even if there is a conflict in the KHADC. “On the other hand, the Prime Minister has not said anything that there is no longer that cooperation in the government,” said Bah Metbah.
All the more than 2,600 athletes will return to their homes the next day.
It is this understanding that makes school children, college and university students prepare their papers to pass their studies.
The HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi, wants the construction of this road to be complete and good, so that it will benefit the people, at the same time, the HYC leader, said that The union will monitor the halfway house by the contractor who is constructing the road, because the union wants the road to be good and will benefit many churches, said the statement.
According to him, apart from this case, there have been no complaints in this regard.
“He said that they have already tried the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA).
“Ka Seng does not want to challenge the low price of the company if the benefit is to the State Government but the quality of the work should not be compromised,” he said.
The police department from time to time has tried to curb the trafficking of illegal drugs including drugs, marijuana, marijuana and others.
The Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister will leave for Delhi to meet the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs and other Union Ministers to look into the outstanding issues. ," said Bah Synrem.
East Khasi Hills Police on Thursday issued a warning against those who wear ice cream cones and install sirens in their vehicles.
He said that the union will meet with the Minister of PWD to take action and take the matter to the government, to take action as soon as possible and if the government does not believe in the demand, you can't go another way.
Shillong, June 4: U Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, an independent candidate from the HSPDP and KHNAM, today visited Pynursla, which is also a market day to campaign for the election. in the market of Pynursla (English).
Jowai, March 23: A 20-year-old woman has gone missing from her home with her 2-year-old son since the 13th of this month.
Aidashisha Shadap took 3 wickets for 12 runs and Ritreki Pohshna took 3 wickets for 21 runs for AJCA. They scored 52 runs for the loss of 9 wickets.
“We tried to talk about this issue and even sent a letter to the Prime Minister's office two years ago but they didn't do anything.
The project has cost Rs 127 crore of which 90% comes through the central government and the rest through the state government.
“We vote in the schools of Meghalaya, we don't vote in the schools of the Assam government,” he said.
“Maybe this month, I will hold a meeting with the members of the Regional Committee,” said Prestone, Chairman of the Committee.
The order does not allow anyone to enter or leave the affected villages and they are ordered to stay at home.
The BJP said these statements are only to hide the incompetence and inability of the government under his leadership to implement and show how the government is working on many projects that have been allocated. it is from the federal government, and claimed that these factors show that there is widespread corruption in the state.
In the final match, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Tpeppale 3-0
Many of these youths, who went to register, talked a lot about the unemployment in India these days and the offer of a high salary in Israel and for this reason, they are not afraid. faithfully, even though this country is at war in these days.
The award will be divided into three categories, namely the Sarvottam Jeevan Raksha Padak, the Uttam Jeevan Raksha Padak and the Jeevan Raksha Padak.
Shillong: On the 16th of July, one of the schools in the rural area of ​​Nongtyngur village has come forward to take part in the cleanliness drive despite the heavy rain.
Referring to the protest, Bah Ardent expressed his satisfaction to see the people come out to join hands to demand from the state government that the time has come to implement the The ILP, after the NDA government last month failed to get the approval of both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha for the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019.
The UDP Shella has 8 MLAs including 2 new MLAs. The meeting also decided to announce the candidate for the mid-term elections. Dr Donkupar Roy passed away recently.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The clash between the Ministers and officials of the Mylliem Hima from the opposition and the ruling party has intensified in these days, over the issue against the Syiem, but the clash between them has been Both sides did not dare to speak openly and when talking to the journalist they kept their names secret.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills (SWSRJ) urges the residents and village leaders of Jaintia Hills including East and West Jaintia Hills to cooperate with the District Administration in the MP election to be held on 19th June.
However, he remembers that Sohra has brought fame to the whole country because it is the town with the highest rainfall in the world.
In addition to the preaching of the Word of God, the Presbyterian Church in the country is also involved in the teaching and healing work and if we need to expand or enhance the mission we must renew our theological thinking.
The first semi final match of the day was between Hurdles CC and Nongdawah CC. In this match, Hurdles CC won the toss and elected to tied first.
The JNC on Monday lodged a complaint with the office of the SDO of MePDCL Khliehriat Div regarding the electricity post which has been cut off. sarang and who endangers the people because he can collapse at any time.
“The state government should take action and the central government should release our salaries,” said Bah Lasforius.
Those who wish to purchase this vehicle in the state can contact us at 9089173893/9
Now, there is a reluctance for the BJP and the Congress is no longer needed, so where will the people vote?” he said.
Speaking to reporters, the Samla of Lumdaitkhla Village, who are the leaders of various Sengbhalangs in the area and members of the JAC, expressed their regret over the actions of the village authorities, who prevented the holding of the This meeting was held to explain to the public why they are against holding or ending the festival on Sunday.
Chiehruphi SYWSC beat Wahiajer NYSSC 4-2 in the tie breaker. The Quarter Final will be played between R.S. Synrang Shahkhain against Ladrymbai B.SC at 2 pm.
The meeting also discussed the issue of assistance to the families of journalists so that journalists who die while on duty will receive assistance. between Rs 1 lakh to Rs 3 lakh.
The newspapers don't write or report clearly so that we readers know whether they are writing what is false or what is false.
“Why does the state government listen without taking action against the orders of the NEHU authorities? The residents of the state urgently need the Chief Minister and the Minister of Education to clarify these questions.
Speeches were also delivered by MNREDA Chairman Rupert Momin and Secretary Electricity Department Joram Beda.
The Nongthymmai SCC concluded its Platinum Jubilee celebration on Saturday at Nongthymmai Stadium by honoring the former players and office bearers.
In addition, it is also necessary to think, think and plan well before sleeping and sitting to improve the work from one day to another.
There have been no incidents to any locations," he said.
The Governor of Assam Sir Robert Neil Reid built the Lady Hydari Park in 1937 to commemorate the wife of Lady Hydari.
He said that through the PES, many farmers will benefit.
He said that the duty of the District Administration for the program is to go to the residents and explain about the programme, so that there will be no no one will lose the benefits through various government schemes which the Government of India has already implemented specifically for the citizens of India.
A source from the JHADC said that this is the first decision of the EC and there will be more Dolloi who will be punished by the JHADC for their misuse of power.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress recently announced the list of 52 candidates without releasing the name of Jimmy D. Sangma. Songsak will fight against Tigris.
East Khasi Hills District from 9:00 am onwards.
Dr Aman War said that the 47 people who have tested positive for covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District include 43 high risk contacts, one SARI case and one referred patient. In West Garo Hills, 23 cases including 19 cases from the Army, and 4 cases from Phulbari, North. Three cases are high risk contacts in Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in High Risk Contact and one case in East Garo Hills District. These include 31 cases from Ronjeng Bazar and one case from Nangdapar Bazar, West Khasi Hills. One case is from Malangkunar Out Post. , in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases including one soldier and one high risk contact.
Young people will also have to learn to improve their lives from the beginning, and whatever they do in life, they need to follow the example of their predecessors. , perhaps the following of the mati may be difficult or more difficult, but the young people should not give up on it, but try to follow them, because in the end the examples that have been followed regularly since beginning, they make the path to the goal easier.
The CCIB told Rijjiju that Pillar Nos. 1251 to 1299 in Meghalaya, which covers 559.7 acres without including the Ratacherra area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: U Bah Earnest Mawrie President of the BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the final decision to take on the withdrawal of the BJP from the MDA government will be taken only after receiving the opinion of the leaders. they are from Delhi.
At the same time, the Dorbar has decided to give two days to Linda to lodge a complaint and if she doesn't lodge a complaint, it shows that she only wants to insult the village and the Waheh Shnong.
“The meeting held between the members of the KSU and the Deputy Commissioner, in the room of Bah TW Pakyntein, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, on 13 September 1978 at 12 noon...discussed and reflected on the statement issued by the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya on 12 September 1978, which explains the steps taken by the Government to implement the demands of the KSU. According to a petition submitted by the KSU to the Chief Minister on 28 August 1978...After discussion, the members and leaders of the KSU agreed to suspend all the protests...”In conclusion, U Bah Panbor Tariang is a leader whose leadership is respected, obeyed and accepted by many.
The Government should have taken note of the complaints of the people about the cement companies in Jaintia Hills.
Pynthor, Langkyrding and Polo areas are flooded from time to time especially during the rainy season.
Schemes like the Urban Basic Services Scheme and the Nehru Rozgar Yojana have been implemented in these slums to address the problems of the people living in the slums.
They will employ thousands of youth from urban to rural areas and through this employment there are many opportunities for youth.
Former MDC Mairang Constituency Bah Equator Nongrang who was the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah Bornad Syiem, Sordar Shnong Pyndengumiong, officials and the public. They came to witness the match which was held at the Dom Mawlum Pyndengumiong Stadium, Mairang.
It is in this first beast that died and rose again that the second beast, which speaks like a dragon (Satan) and this dragon will force the earth and those who dwell on it to worship. the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.
Reports from Mizoram said that Lalduhoma is also the Tymmen Basan of the Chawlhmun Presbyterian Church.
