Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Umpling, through this statement, strongly warns that if those who fight against the spreading of garbage in Umpling are arrested, they will hand over to the law enforcement authorities for further action.
“I am not an MP but I have been appointed as a government minister, what shows, it shows that the Prime Minister wants this government to belong to everyone and not to anyone,” he said.
The Program Officer of RKSK, Adolescent Health, Kong Flourish Lyngdoh and Dr. HH Mohrmen, a volunteer, attended the meeting.
One of the elders, Bah S Wankhar, who is about 70 years old, told Rupang that while they were visiting the Sordar Shnong, Bah KM Syiem, they found that the police were coming. They had to flee to the ground floor of the houses to escape from the police.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday at the Marngar crematorium.
Shillong, March 25 : U NPP candidate from Nongkrem constituency, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, on Monday alleged that there are those who will oppose him in the elections who want to arrest him. He said that he has donated to the people of Nongkrem constituency.
Two persons have died, one from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Latiplang said that the EC will no longer issue Trading License to any person especially those persons who do not have the necessary documents and now they will follow the rules. of the Council Act to curb the entry of foreigners into the state.
The price of common rice is T.2,600 per quintal and the price of wholesale rice is T.28-30 per kilo.
After these things were arranged, the Rangbah Shnong entered the house and met the Niakha of Rida.
Therefore, on this issue, the union should take action to find out more information because you as the residents of East Jaintia Hills District have to ask Star Cement if it can provide T1 crore to the company. Assam, how many hundreds of crores of rupees has been allocated to East Jaintia Hills District, because if you don't say anything about this action of Star Cement, other dewbilat factories in your district will do the same and they won't count. I don't respect you land owners,” said Bah Lamphrang K.Bani.
This program is also the beginning of hope for the emerging players by opening up the opportunity for them to get proper training with the participation of skilled coaches.
NL01N 7777, which meant to transport these lyntang to Gauhati, but surprisingly, the check point has rejected the complaint and the employee in charge of the parking lot, said that they cannot see. They are illegal even if there are complaints.
Kim first attended the MET Gala in 2013 with her husband Kanye West.
Genesis15:14.
Freddy Jyrwa of East Khasi Hills who scored four goals was named Top Scorer while Kitboklang Buam of West Jaintia Hills was named Top Scorer. Tiros Kyndait of West Jaintia Hills won the Best Goalkeeper award.
The union has found that the towers at Mawlieh, Mawlarman and Rambrai are not fully operational as they should be for the residents.
Shillong: The HITO has written to the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, requesting them to reopen the markets.
“In fact, after receiving information from the Prime Minister, the state will open the SHG Mela in EJHD on 8/1 21 we have held an emergency meeting and decided to hold a protest on that day within the EJHD. , these organizations expressed their regret to learn that after a few days they have received information that the Chief Minister has abandoned his plan to open the SHG Mela in EJHD.” Therefore, we have decided to suspend the protest within the EJHD,” said Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh President EJHC-CEC Shillong. Fernandez S Dkhar, former General Secretary of the State Youth Congress Unit, said that the violence of the Congress party leaders is like they are trying to destroy the future of the youth.
Furthermore, the rule states that these 6 out of 12 areas without border dispute will no longer be allowed to be brought into the negotiations as this is a decision that has not been approved. agreed to by both parties.
At the same time, Dohling said the government will soon look into the condition of New Shillong, which is a place where Indian government offices have been allowed to operate.
He said that with this participation of the team from the area, the party hopes that the players from the area will be encouraged to work hard to play in the big tournaments like the MSL.” We hope that the victory of Nongmadan FC to play in the MSL will be a message to the youth of the area to work hard in the field of football because the opportunity for them to develop their talents, and “We hope that new Aibor Khongji will emerge from the area in the coming years,” said Samla Donalson.
The meeting of the South East Khasi Hills District Demand Forum was held at Swami Vevekananda Hall of Ramakrishna Mission Sohra on Saturday. Donevan Kharwanlang, former MLA/MDC of Sohra Titos W Chyne and Dr. Donkupar Roy MLA of Shella. that you are sick.
“I say this from the bottom of my heart and I want to tell you that we are working together in the coalition government with the NDA. “If you ask me to do anything against the will of the people, I will not do it,” said Sangma, who is also the National President of the NPP. Day of the World's Indigenous Peoples was organized by the North East Indigenous Peoples' Forum (NEIPF) Meghalaya State Chapter.
They said that if you look at the boundary of the MDC Constituencies, it is as if it has been divided since the beginning of the world because the Umit River is like a line that has not been crossed until it meets with the Umit River. wah Christ in Christ.
Amino acids also make up most of the proteins in the body.
After the necessary discussions, Bah Akhtar Shabong, Vice President of the party who is also the owner of the house where we spoke, brought us 10 plates of tea and food.
The Riwar Mihngi Miners' Association has also been directed to implement the above rules.
The preparations for this day started from Friday evening to Saturday evening with Tridum and Rangbah Baiaineh Nongsteng, Bah Edy Shadap and Bah Stantly as the preachers and on the Lord's Day the Holy Mass was offered by The Vice Chancellor of the Archdiocese of Shillong, Father John Madur and other Fathers from neighboring parishes.
Political parties like the NPP, the ruling GHADC, the GHPA and the civil society have already expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to introduce this bill in Garo Hills. soldiers to the people.
On the other hand, Dr. Marak said that the vaccine has also been given to the cows that have not been affected by the disease in the area of ​​those who are suspected to have been affected by the disease. “In the past, this disease has never been reported in the State, but perhaps this may be due to the import of cows from outside the State.
He joined the National People's Party (NPP) on 30th November along with his supporters.
The NLM is also one of the five programs of the Technology Missions set up to identify areas for development.
The villages that have been closed include Block D of Nongrimmaw, on the right side of Arbuthnot Road, from Lailad to the former DGAR office.
It was also noted that at the meeting, there were leaders of coal companies from different districts and from different areas who spoke at the meeting. They didn't know how to speak English, but they were forced to speak, because at the time of their speech, the rangbah from Ri-Lum Garo had not yet set an example for them, and perhaps the desire of others to speak in English. Khasi at this meeting was due to the leadership of this Garo leader.
Other speakers included Sharaid Nongbri, Prowell Marwein and Roscan R Lyngdoh.
Awards were also distributed to those who passed well in their examinations, ie those who scored 80% in SSLC and HSSLC as well as those who scored 60% and above in various degrees.
“Prestone, Conrad, James, they say Maheh come with us, if you come we will give you everything,” said Bah Martle.
Nongrum said the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma intends to appoint BK Dev Verma as Chief Secretary in place of WSM Pariat.
In addition, wild elephants often damage crops such as rice and others planted by border residents.
Furthermore, shops were allowed to open only until 1 pm and this caused customers to have to knieh to enter the shops.
suki-pa-suki : which is able to speak, which is able to do quickly without haste.
However, the Seng Bhalang, however, does not trust the words of our rulers but wants to see it by its actions.
Since the punishment starts on 5th November 2020, Verniaiev is now eligible to participate in any tournament.
However, Lawsohtun SC turned the tide in the 71st minute through Kampher Khongnoh.
The short program was conducted by Wanjingmut Jaba, Village Community Facilitator of Phanniewlah Neng. protect and care for the environment.
“An hour ago, all the volunteers of the political parties were expelled from here and this is right...as has been done in other places...no one is allowed to stand- Except for the volunteers, they drove away everyone, but for 2-3 hours, people gathered here, how was it allowed, not less than 200 meters from the polling station? .
Dr Laloo said that the salaries of SSA teachers have been increased to T.9200 for LP and T.9900 for UP teachers from this year to improve their income and employment. Grants to Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools have been increased.
The visit also aims to demonstrate how the Information, Education, Communication (IEC) vehicles sent under the ongoing VBSY provide information to ensure the full implementation of Central Government schemes in the state.
Nongstoiñ: A house in Shallang Sohbar has been destroyed by a blazing fire at 12 noon this morning. The house belonging to Bahun Sohbar was completely destroyed along with all the belongings but fortunately no one was injured in the incident except for the damage. which has reached more than 2 lakh.
The Bible should give hope, comfort to those living with HIV/AIDS and we should also read it from the perspective of people who are suffering and suffering.
It is surprising that there are about 20 such schools across the state, which the government has not been able to complete till date and which has caused losses. This is a great honor to the parents of the students, who have been looking forward to sending their children to such schools.
Shillong, June 20: The Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem together with the Minister WM Mawdkhap have lodged a complaint against Ekhel Marwein, Stad Marbaniang and Dhoino Nongrum alleging that on the 14th of October They incited the residents of Umdud Majai by gathering a crowd and burning their tyngshop with the intention of creating ethnic differences and disrupting the peace and order among the residents.
In Ribhoi, 2 cases from abroad, 2 cases of high risk contact, 1 case of headache and 1 case of soldier.
The temperature scanning started at 7 pm yesterday and will continue for 24 hours until 31st October 2020 at the Anti Infiltration Check Point in Byrnihat. Hospital officers and teachers of Ribhoi District.
" God will judge and condemn if young people seek the pleasures and pleasures of the world who lead them astray from His Word and separate their close relationships to obey and do His will. TO ENJOY LIFE: Ecclesiastes 11:9
Besides him, Dasgupta took 2/26, while Mukesh Kumar Ray (1/25) and Agreas Chamcham (1/38) took one wicket each.
This has put the state in a difficult situation and for this reason MeECL has borrowed a lot from NEEPCO and other power suppliers.
It is not easy to collect money when it is offered at the front door.
Other small factories exist but they are not able to be placed in the category of large or medium factories.
Sangma criticized the BJP leaders for believing that no political party can form a government without a coalition with the BJP in
Maybe three votes are still less so we don't know but it would be nice if we join because we are working with the MDA. But we will decide and we will inform the public”.
Therefore, you should treat it as your own vehicle by taking good care of it and especially not misusing it.
I am sad to see these allegations affecting my longrynieng and reputation which have appeared on facebook, messenger and now in the newspaper.
After that, the Magistrate visited the entire market, but found that all the shops did not have milk anymore and admitted that they had sold at the usual price, except for the NRL Enterprise which had some stock.
The hearing will be held again after six months and the High Court expects and hopes that by the end of that six months, the two cases will reach a settlement.
“In these three months, we have found that the workers are facing many problems especially when they get sick and have to go abroad for treatment,” he said.
The Jowai Church has taken part many times in the donation of blood to the patients in need at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital (KJP Assembly). The rules have now been implemented at the government blood bank.
Look at these are the benefits of why self-employment is more important.
Speaking to media, the President of the HYC, Bah Robert June, said that the demand of the HYC to revise the roster is because the rules clearly state that the implementation of the roster will be from He said that many government departments have no documents regarding the recruitment since these years.
These robbers threatened the children and demanded that they pay a fine.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the SP, Serbilin Lyngdoh, President FKJGP Langpih Area Unit, said that the SP has informed the FKJGP that the work is ongoing and soon the meeting will be held. The construction of the police station building in Langpih has started.
On the same day, the 180th Anniversary of the Lower Primary Schools in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills will be celebrated.
The Chief Minister said this while speaking as the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 at the SAI Training Center on Tuesday evening.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswas Sharman has acknowledged that the BJP will be able to form a government in Meghalaya after he met with the BJP candidate Nongpoh on Tuesday. Marian Mariang to encourage and support her as the party candidate before she left to take part in the BJP party meeting in Shillong.
He said that many, according to the report, those who died from the disease were those who had not been vaccinated against COVID-1
This is a beautiful picture of humility and repentance.
This is the first time that mobile phones have changed the minds of people especially the youth.
“The report of the Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati (IITG) clearly shows that the collapse of the Dome on 22nd June 2022 was an excessive weight as it weighed up to 4.5 lakh kilos.
In the previous competition, three candidates passed the prelims, Nidakyrkhu Dkhar, Anmiel Azareel Syiem and Thomas Edison Sumer.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 2,66,598, with 1,29,917 still undergoing treatment and 1,29,215 discharged.
He said that in the past 25 villages had to pass through the Assam road and most of the villagers had to travel but with the coming of this road it will benefit the people.
According to the story, he was also a legislator who stood out against the division of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
After receiving the FIR, Sohra police arrested him and sent the children for medical test.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commissioner & Secretary Election Commission of India (ECIL) T Dkhar said that these machines were purchased from ECIL.
The Duke of Sussex also said "Good morning, Dad" to his father when he accompanied him to the wedding at St George's Chapel, Windsor.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the District authorities have found that there are nine wells in the area, where the NHIDCL used to say that there are no water wells. well, in that place, where the road passes.
Email Id : mebankharkongor121@gmail.com.
In the order, the Supreme Court also sought clarification from the state government in what way it wants to ensure the rights of the citizens of India by saying that they can live in any place according to the law. but they shall not be affected by the higher authorities or the village authorities or Rangbah Shnong.
Perhaps it is time that as land owners from the authorities to those who issue various permits, the market dwellers and market visitors should be surprised without taking the time to think carefully. what they need to do or what responsibility as individuals they should have – or various organizations to discuss and think about what can still be done.
LTD. Mawphlang was arrested during the search for trading license and labor license by the Mawphlang Labor Union in the presence of Albert Lanong, Superintendent of Enforcement, KHADC. here at Company Techno Electric And Engg.
These technologies such as satellite Earth observation, satellite communications and satellite navigation help in agriculture, disaster management, transportation, health and also addressing the challenges posed by climate change.
For shops, the district authorities have informed that they will be allowed to open only until 11:30 pm in some places and not for the entire city of Shillong.
In this Eucharistic procession, Catholics from all over the Diocese of Jowai took part in the Holy Mass led by Most Rev. Bishop Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of all the priests of the Diocese of Jowai.
L.Pyrtuh expressed his gratitude to God that the church has been able to host this Synod Service in 2024 and said that the Church will also celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of the 75th Anniversary of the Church. Moolang in 2025, expressed the joy that the church will soon reach the milestone of its 75th anniversary.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold a public meeting on the 30th of this month at Motphran Parking Lot Jaiaw at 12 noon.
For AMKA and all the organizers, it is a joy, pride and encouragement because this year is a more special and memorable year in which 80 schools have come to participate and three colleges.
For the first time in his life, Kanye West has voted for President and he has also voted for himself.
Speaking to media on 25th October, Ampareen said, “This support of the BJP to the NPP candidates from Shillong and Tura brings hope of victory because this is not the case. It has never happened that the BJP will recognize us because they have fought against us, but now the political work has been completed.
Earlier, Opposition Leader Titosstarwell Chyne admitted that many MDCs have lost the elections due to conflicts over such disputes between the Hima.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the investigation into the complaint against the DGP LR Bishnoi for allegedly using the number plate for his vehicle will continue even after the he retired from office.
There is that police chief and two others who are writing...” said Kmie Rida. “That's the difficult thing, once the police arrive, we will have to find a lawyer,” said Niakha. Niakha, how can I get the money to reach that border..." said Kmie Rida. "Don't worry about that, we will help you too..." said Niakha. ap..." Kmie Rida said, “I don't know Nia... I'm suffering like this, it's just a matter of working with the police..." Niakha added. After a while, Kmie Rida was handed an envelope. tell me to go home.
On the other hand, the Minister gave time to listen carefully to what the Forum has said and shown him and why Sohra deserves to be upgraded to a District, as it is one of the Civil Sub Divisions. old in the state.
Kharkongngor explained that to be a successful entrepreneur, you need the ability to think, identify problems and find ways to solve them.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Maharashtra tomorrow.
As of November 9, there have been 1,451 cases in Xian, the highest number of cases compared to other cities in the country so far.
On the corruption of the former MDA Government, the question arises whether the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and others were involved in the MDA Government, so how can they solve the problem.
Hek said that this is not only the problem faced by the 37 unemployed youth. “There may be more than 37,000 unemployed youth in the State.
“We will resume our indefinite strike because the government has not accepted our demand at Malki Square, until the government thinks otherwise,” she said.
On the other hand, the KSU through this statement said that this is just a false promise to mislead the people because even now no one has seen those puh shilum, JCB, roller machine or even the workers.
Memorial Higher Secondary School.
“As he walked down the street Linda invited him to wait with her.
The UDP Youths strongly criticized the President of the party, which has shown his hypocrisy as the party's top leader, and demanded that the Secretary of the UDP Ranikor Circle should appoint a They will discuss this issue at the meeting to be held on the 18th of this month.
Ricky Stone Nongbet tied 29 runs from 14 balls, Nangkiewkupar Disiar tied 22 runs from 29 balls while Kyrmenskhem Nongpluh took 3 wickets for 13 runs from 4 balls. Nangshai Nongpluh took two wickets for 21 runs in four overs.
The CM also acknowledged the shortage of vacancies in government departments.
The people of Meghalaya are very intelligent and knowledgeable.
However, he said that fortunately, the other occupants of the vehicle sustained minor injuries.
Replying to a question whether the holding of this tournament does not affect many of the youth as they have to sit for their various examinations, Banteidor said that the The date of the tournament shall be decided by the MSOA, after consultation with the sports associations.
Jied said the sale of forms will start tomorrow, the 18th and end on the 25th of this month until 4 pm. The forms can be obtained from the office of the party. which is located in Lachumiere.
For without knowledge of the truth, there is no foundation, neither is faith.
On the reports that he is ready to join the UDP through the Mawthadraishan UDP Circle, Dr. Nonglait said, “There is no desire, who doesn't want to join, but the my cooperation is for practical matters.
The seized drugs were thrown on the ground in the presence of the village authorities.
John has nominated himself to contest the Lok Sabha elections, but the Congress party has not elected him as a candidate and has agreed to give him the ticket. Vimcent Shovel.
“I hope that all of you will use the knowledge of successful practices at this conclave in your cities.
She is a member of the village for State Seed Production.
"It's not easy to leave the club where you grew up, but Manchester United will give me that new challenge for the years to come in my career," he said. state.
He said that the demand for Khasi Jaintia State is also an issue that (L) Maieit Hoping, reminded at the General Council of the party held in 1997, where (L) Clifford Marak. The founder of the Garo National Council (GNC), the leaders of the party and the supporters, agreed and felt that if the Khasi Jaintia friends support this demand. , Garo friends should also cooperate, because if this demand succeeds, Garo Hills will no longer have to demand from Delhi and the border stones have already been marked and confirmed since they were received. The state of Meghalaya.
In this regard, he informed the police not to arrest him because he is not a threat to the people.
The members want only that, not by talking peace through the newspapers or the media, said Bah Cheristarfield.
He said that he has fought in the past, and he will continue to fight because there are many challenges that we are facing and we need to develop.
On the other hand, the Seng makes it clear that such attempts by the law enforcement authorities to summon the leaders of the Seng will never be able to destroy or undermine the foundation or spirit of struggle of the Seng. the whole Seng.
“I think about 75% of them will join the NPP and if we accept, how can we give them a place? We cannot accept everything, that is why we have rejected it.
Today, the Raid Nongjngi, Raliang and the Dorbar Shnong Wahiajer held this festival in their respective areas.
In June, the Muktiar of the State Government issued an Affidavit that the Government will implement the Act.
The two teams have reached the final after playing well in the group stage.
Until 2013, there was a report that the number of Hindus who have fled Bangladesh has reached 113 lakh which means about 11.3 million. It is about 15 lakh or 1.5 million.
There has been no suspension of the release of funds for development projects in Meghalaya.
Until now, no gangs or armed groups have come forward to admit their involvement in this crime.
Shillong, Nailur, 23: The Meghalaya Police Department, which has declared war against drugs, has been working hard to educate the public across the city and suburbs to fight against drugs and at the same time The Police Department has conducted a massive operation to arrest the drug traffickers.
The UDA has 19 MDCs including the RDA, seven from the UDP and two from the HSPDP while the People Democratic Alliance (PDA) has seven from the NPP, one from the PDF and two from the Independent.
BJP MLA Alexander L. Hek, who is also the party leader, said, “We expected the elections to be held in June but now it has come to the elections. In June, we expect the BJP in Delhi to announce the names of the candidates.
As mentioned earlier, the construction and maintenance of roads should be weather-related due to excessive rainfall during the monsoon season, and it cannot be excused that the road is damaged just because the fall of heavy rain which lasts for a short time," the High Court said.
In that day shall there be a great shaking in the land of Israel in that day" Ezekiel 38:1
“Why the Minister is listening every time makes us wonder,” he said.
Jowai: The Jaintia Hills Amalgamation and Redressal Forum (JARF) led by Helping Phawa and its leaders today met with the CEM of JHADC to urge the Executive Committee. He has appealed to the Supreme Court and requested it to exempt Meghalaya from the MMDR Act.
The world is corrupted.
Dr Kharlukhi defeated Congress candidate Kennedy Khyriem by 20 votes.
According to the KSU Education Cell Chairman DV Thabah, initially these students did not have to pay tuition fees because according to the Act they did not have to pay tuition fees. schools because they fall under the ST category.
The theologian gives two examples, one is the famous hymn of the Church in the Middle Ages, or the period between the fifth and first centuries AD, entitled “You are all”. beautiful, O Mary" and this is a song of praise to Mary the mother of Jesus.
He urged the people not to be afraid to come to buy fish, as there is nothing else now as it has happened in these days.
They also demanded that the rule regarding the working hours cannot be said, as it depends on their agreement with the company at the time of employment, regarding the manner of working. The minister said that he did not understand what it meant.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Maraian Maring said that the Ri Lajong Farmer Produce Organization (RIO) has been celebrating this day every year by planting many trees. it is to take responsibility for the preservation of the environment.
The state government will not respond to the call of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to sit down on the reservation policy.
On this occasion, the Director promised and agreed to give leave as it is the annual meeting of the teachers.
“The salary of the employees of the Jaintia District Council is T.3 crore per month and the government releases this salary from the Council's share, from the coal tax and other taxes. It should be from the State Government,” he said.
He said the PUC has already given three months to MeECL to complete an investigation into the increasing fire outages at MeECL which have disrupted the operation of the plant.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 24: The ryndia farming industry is one of the industries that can increase income and income, if the government can create opportunities to provide training and encouragement to the people.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo, should take action against the illegal residents of Maxwellton Estate. The Deputy Commissioner has immediately suspended the border crossing in Lawsohtun Block
Lakhimpur district has been the worst affected district with more than 22,000 people followed by Dibrugarh with more than 3,800 and Kokrajhar with 1,8
Therefore, the Quadragennial Celebration Committee of the KSU urges and requests anyone who has any photographs, audio, video, articles and newspapers related to the KSU, especially during the time of the KSU. They would like to contribute to the implementation of this agenda.
Nongpoh, July 05: U Bah Sylvester Mynsong has been re-elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh Village Council after the expiry of the term of office of the Village Leaders of Nongpoh Village Council. Nongpoh Village.
On the other hand, Kong Ampareen has already said from the beginning that she has been involved in the efforts to bring Delhi and Meghalaya closer through the BJP. they will try to hide,” said Bah Pala.
The Minister said this in reply to a question by Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit during the Question Hour in the House on Tuesday.
This view arises for many reasons and is often based on the Scriptures or custom.
This is the true and pure worship of God without hypocrisy.
The UDP has nominated 58 MDCs in KHADC and JHADC. Dr Roy said the UDP will win a majority victory in this election to form the executive committee in KHADC. 15 MDCs in KHADC,” he said.
Shillong: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Sohryngkham Unit has organized a one day football tournament at Mawdngong Ground, Mawdieja, Sohryngkham as part of the fund raising campaign to help the poor families of the village and the area. The 31st death anniversary of the hero of the nation, King Wickliff King.
There are 45 recoveries, including 33 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in West Jaintia Hills and others.
Comedy fights these days are songs, dances and short plays.
Speaking on the MLA, the Rangbah Shnong said that although he is in the opposition, he has shown his own work.
Sd/-Thomas PassahPresident KHNAM State Youth Wing.
The new office bearers of KHNAM Youth Wing including President Thomas Passah, Vice President Freeman Marngar, General Secretary Strong Kharjana, Asst Sey Teibor Warjri and other office bearers were also confirmed on the occasion. that young party.
Three police vehicles (ML-02-0620, ML-02-0231 and ML-02-0259) and a SPTS Maxi Cab (ML-01) were also damaged. -6575 was burned.
The Forum also strongly responded to the statements of Mirjeng Kro, Leader of the Karbi Students Association (KSA) on his statements and did not accept the Give and Take Policy. of the public.
For the first time, scientists have discovered a celestial body, containing water, sufficiently hot and suitable for human habitation.
Alyson spends her time doing her research, traveling every month to Sydney to see the bodies, where there are 70 bodies kept in one place. known as a body farm in a purpose-built morgue in Australia's largest city, the Southern Hemisphere.
KSU Nongstoiñ Circle General Secretary Samla Willbest Wanniang said that the KSU Nongstoin Circle has taken this decision after waiting for about 40 months after a meeting with Blanding Warjri. He was the Executive Member of the Labor Department of KHADC last year who promised to the Seng to send the Enforcement Department to inspect all the areas of the District West Khasi Hills.
Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, invites all the faithful of Jesus, both Catholics and non-Catholics, to participate and witness this annual celebration, especially in this place where there are still many who do not. believe in Christ.
It is also a threat to the functioning of the Lokayukta.
Trinity Sayoo has employed 800 women in Jaintia Hills for the production of Lakadong shynrai.
They lived in the presence of their fellow villagers.
Once again, the same foreigner has come out to criticize the Northeast states especially Meghalaya and the South Shillong Constituency Chief Minister, Bah Sanbor Shullai who is also a Minister in the MDA Government. He spoke on the recent border dispute between Assam and Mizoram.
When inquired, he said that in Block-E alone, there are 32 refugees but according to information, there are more than 100 refugees who have arrived in Them Basuk village. sit and remain to this day.
He said that Kiang Nangbah suffered betrayal, arrest and murder but the footsteps he left behind testify to his brave spirit.
The 25th Anniversary of the Silver Jubilee was inaugurated by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Vincent Nianglang, Director of School Education, Ri-Bhoi District. Victor Rani MDC Jirang, Tbn M Syiem President MC, Rev PG Khongsdir, Rangbah Lum Nongrim Village, Pastors, Presbyterian Church Elders and other dignitaries.
The Vice President of the NPP Sengkmie, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has said that the NPP will win 32 candidates in the MLA elections after the people have cast their vote on the 27th of this month. The vote will be held on October 2,
He also submitted a report on the recruitment of members, in which Sonia urged Bah Lapang to work harder and to ensure that there will be unity within the Congress party.
Because God does not want anyone to perish.
She said that in this age , especially in the age of internet and technology , many children like to watch mobile phones but parents should be aware of what their children are doing and use your mobile phone via the internet.
Vatican City: "In the name of God, I ask you to stop immediately this genocide," Pope Francis said in a speech in St Peter's Square.
The JNC said that the issue of border disputes is now being handled by the Regional Committees of both the states and the arrangements are ongoing.
Shillong, Nailar 06: Two Congress MLAs have been sacked from their seats for intending to join other parties.
“Perhaps everyone is waiting for Bah Process to resign as MLA, but on my part, I want to inform the people of the constituency that it is clear that I will resign after the date has been announced. election,” said the Mawlai MLA.
Some of the Kurs tried to call urgently to fulfill what had been ordered, but it was very difficult to see in a short period of time.
There is a belief that when people find a story, it appears in a dream to the speaker.
Nongthymmai SC beat Nongthymmai SC 2-1 on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium at the 1st Ground, Polo.
In an interview with urupang.com, Shlurbha expressed his surprise at how he got to school at the age of 15 years old. At the age of 18, I didn't think I would go to school, because I was just a cowboy”.
Genesis 1:31.
About 1.5 lakh lives are lost every year in India in road accidents.
He said that unemployment in the state is worse during the MDA rule because there is no concern for the youth of the state.
The newly confirmed members are John Marngar General Secretary, Kyrmen Syiem Finance Secretary, Batskhem Lyngdoh Organizing Secretary and 15 other office bearers and members.
Sniawbhalang Dhar has been holding these portfolios for many years but why does the residents of Mawlai have to come forward to show these rules? As the Minister in charge of the Municipal, how can he not? to provide a garbage dump for the residents of Jowai or to resolve the issues with the garbage dump in Mynkjai? Without giving even an explanation how and why garbage trucks from Jaintia Hills are allowed to come to Marten to dump their garbage? Doesn't this show that he as Minister has not been able to think about the situation of Marten which has affected the health of the people of Mawlai? The SSMP has given 14 days The Seng has urged the Government to improve the treatment plant and if it does not do anything, the Seng will not hesitate to close it down temporarily.
In the coming years, through this bill, India will be ruled by a majority without discrimination against the minority.
As mentioned above, in the past we can still praise or criticize kings, but let us remember that in this age and system of government in which we live, we have no reason and no right to criticize our leaders. .
According to information, there are hundreds of youths from the state who have gone to study at the state government but unfortunately after completing their studies, they have not returned. to this state and there are those who have paid this fine because it is too small.
To Kyndit bynriew, brothers and sisters, while you are kings and lords in your own country, don't give it to others, lest you lose all your shirts.
“This is an issue that the MLAs have brought to the Legislative Assembly.
The Party Congress leaders in Ri Bhoi District also discussed the rapid increase in electricity bill which has caused problems to the people, as there are households, whose electricity bill has reached tens of thousands of rupees. per month, in which this increase in electricity bills has happened under the rule of the present government.
Due to heavy rains across the country, norms have been relaxed and funds released as an immediate grant to states without waiting for utilization certificates of funds released to states in the financial year past.
These figures are not valid for all areas.
The Seng Samla has taken this step to clean up the river after seeing the ringswai ringsdot of many rivers in Mawlai village and this will put in danger to the residents of Mawlai if They do not take action to protect the waters, rivers and the environment which are the most important parts of the daily lives of the people.
“Where are you going at night...” said Deisy. “Where are you going, at home they were surprised that you went to class until night...” said Riia. “But it's the truth. " Deisy agreed.
Similarly, when the children want to celebrate on such a day to honor the teacher, they should not be too restricted.
He said that such allegations are common during elections.
Ferdynald Kharkamni said that at present, many of the factories with the strongest production of waste are located in Assam, from Byrnihat to Jorabat. , there are only a few factories producing tdem and this is too much compared to the production of tdem by the factories in Meghalaya.
Speech was also delivered by the Guest of Honor Phyrnai Swer who congratulated all the students and said, 'Now the youth are the future of the country and the nation. It is no longer a battle of sword and spear, it is a battle of knowledge through the sword that we hold every day and so on.
However, all members of the Association can rely on a fair and equitable approach to the implementation of the Women's World Cup.
The good news that Jesus preached and the righteousness that Jesus spoke and fought for have more to do with “justice”.
He said that if the government from the Prime Minister to the Minister of Education is serious about providing quality education, it should also think of the teachers to create ways and means to implement the payment system. monthly salary to all school teachers.
He said that it was the Mahajons who cut kilos from the farmers and these Mahajons said that the Marwaris also cut kilos from them.
Urging the people not to decide their future in the name of money, Bah Ronnie added that they will never be able to overcome poverty and misery if they cannot decide their future. their rights without being fooled by outside forces.
The Trinamool Congress has also alleged that the MDA government has tried its best to create opportunities to stay in power instead of addressing the lack of schools, the increase in unemployment, the collapse of infrastructure within the state.
On the other hand, Bah Phrel Syiem Nongshai, Chairman of the Kur Syiem Nongshai Pyllun, said that the Dorbar of the Kur Syiem Nongshai Pyllun was held in the presence of the elders of the Kur Syiem Nongshai Pyllun. They included Bah Spinroy Syiem Nongshai, Bah Medras Syiem Nongshai, Bah Webstar Syiem Nongshai. The Dorbar Kur Pyllun still has confidence in Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai to be the Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka. to continue as Sirdar and to take the inheritance of the family from the kur to continue as Sirdar.
Priyanka and Deepika are looking forward to meeting at the NMACC where their conversation seems to have never ended.
Therefore, if it is the traditional religion, it is the duty of any Khasi organization to stand up from those times and try even if it is only a little bit.
This is the film starring Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan.
“We have directed the Chief Secretary to issue an order to consider the parts of the state especially that Meghalaya has a 900 km border with Assam,” he said.
A source from the Chief Minister's Office confirmed that the meeting will be held tomorrow in Dhaka.
The earthquake measured 5.3 on the Richter Scale and the media was temporarily shut down due to the quake.
From the body of the suspect, the ANTF recovered 10.97 grams of heroin packed in small plastic bottles, a plastic bag containing 35 small plastic bottles, a mobile phone and a plastic bag. 6310 amount of money.
In the semi-finals of the Under-14 boys, Phlangkynshi Upper Primary School beat Pyndenynshliah LP & UPS 2-1 in the tie breaker. Ferdyson Shangdiar scored the first goal of the match in the 14th minute.
The Minister has increased the budget of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare by 137 per cent to T.2,23,846 crore for the year 2021-22 from T.94,452 crore in u last year.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the House of Representatives, Dr Mukul Sangma today slammed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for not knowing how to run the Khadar government and said that he does not trust the government. This government is not the same.
The Government has worked tirelessly to ensure that the people do not suffer," he added.
It is said that Mount Everest rises by a few inches or 10 inches a year, but this height disappears when an earthquake strikes.
The closing ceremony of the 6th Mini Amur Falcon Festival was attended by Dr. Jemino Mawthoh General Secretary of the UDP. .TMC Mawhati Candidate Rojen Sten, Tyrso Pyllun, Samla Banjop Maring, Education Secretary, KSU NKHD, LS Bey Chairman ERDC, Alos Nongpoh, General Secretary of RTVPS Karate Gold Medalist NEOG, youth, women and elders of the area.
Besides Gabriel Wahlang MDC/MLA Nongstoin constituency, Golden Nonglong and other leaders of the party and the people of the area were also present at the meeting.
Bengaluru Police have seized 109 mobile phones from a group of robbers who used to rob pedestrians while they were talking on the phone while walking in the evening. which amounted to T.40 lakh, police officials said.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that the truck will be removed from the scene on the same day.
Besides promoting economic development in the rural areas, this scheme will also help the households to earn more money as the work they do will be near their homes.
Before the opening of the Expedition, a short meeting was held where the Word of God was read by one of the students Bethwellsing Hua and a prayer was offered by Babu Ioomanmi Bang. and Mr. P.Carthy.
Therefore, the SSSS urges all drivers to put garbage cans inside their vehicles, so that passengers do not throw garbage outside the road and suggested that the State Government should enact a law that all Vehicles shall place their garbage bags and throw them back in the designated garbage dumps.
Nongpoh, Nailar 28: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya. The increase in the number of cases of conjunctivitis from adults to children has caused a serious problem as this disease is also an infectious disease.
The purpose of the meeting was to protest against the violence of the Government of India and especially the demand for the World Health Organization (WHO) to leave India.
Recently this year, Kong Bibidaris Mary Marngar, mother of seven children, suffered a sudden cold while she was planning to plant crops in the field.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, a Class IX student, who was studying at a school in Shillong, has gone missing from her home, where her parents have already given her a The complaint was lodged with the police, but later it was learned that the child had disappeared with her boyfriend.
Many are still shooting for the election because it is a time of happiness and peace.
The most affected villages are Dorambokgre, Jewilgre and Bolgamgre, and many houses have collapsed in these villages.
At the welcoming ceremony for Grace Mary Kharpuri, Congress leaders strongly criticized the NPP which is leading the government. Himalaya said that the NPP is the same as the BJP and they cannot. “If you remember when Conrad K Sangma was inaugurated, the whole city of Shillong was covered with BJP flags, where are the NPP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF flags?” said Himalaya.
The Secretary of the Hawkers Association, Sheen Thabah, said that since the curfew was announced across the country, many land vendors have faced difficulties in providing food at home due to the lack of food. earn.
The KSU said that if the people had voted for the company, there would have been no need to build the house.
The Minister of Education, Bah Lahmen Rymbui and the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah Donald P. Wahlang were also present on the occasion.
Bah Swer praised the government's initiative to provide assistance to the relatives of those who died and to appoint a magistrate's inquiry into the tragic incident.
Prestone said that after the Government has heard the complaints of many people who have gone for treatment because they have contracted Covid-19 in private hospitals, The Government has handed over to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send the recommendation to the Government so that the Government can see how it can be improved. The Government has handed over the responsibilities of the people to the poor and the rich due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has urged the Government to complete the task within 48 hours so that the Government can take a final decision. Their parents in this second wave of Covid-1
In fact, he should have improved in terms of morality, but it was not so.
Mawlai took a 1-0 lead and the match will start at 4:30 pm.
The price of petrol in Delhi today rose to T.78.12 per liter from T.77.97 per liter on Saturday.
Whether they accept or not doesn't matter but there was a discussion on how to proceed.
Meanwhile, Bekanang Secondary School North Garo Hills beat Dobasipara Secondary School 3-0
However, with the rise of the BJP and the rise of the Congress in India, perhaps the most important issues, such as the amendment of the Constitution of India, are the BJP's power over the customs and traditions. God and others, it will be difficult to deal with such important issues.
Therefore, MEPA has decided to demand an immediate apology from James K. Sangma for this incident so that such incidents should not happen again.
The fourth is the MLA Scheme Department and there are schemes related to Sports, Arts and Culture and Schemes to be received from the block.
Ma Andrew said that if the government wants to bring about development and bring government departments closer to the villages, it should upgrade the Shangpung Sub-Division and asked why North Jowai should be upgraded. The Division is headquartered in Shangpung and has many offices from Nangbah, Nongjngi and other villages.
However, the question is, how much this era of social media will really affect the MLA Elections 2023 which will be held soon on 27th June
That the discussions and attempts to mine uranium in Hynniewtrep will not stop.
We hope that the leaders of the state will take action to promise on this day that they will stand firm on these grounds to fight like Syiem Tirot Singh without ceasing.
The Northeast Institute of Professional Studies, Shillong has distributed mobile phone repair equipment to 100 youths who completed the mobile phone repair training on 19th November
Shillong: The matriculation results will be released soon in the coming days, where teachers have worked hard for 10 years to get good results, but unfortunately the government has punished the teachers with set salary for three months now.
The counting of votes and the announcement of the winner for the Sohiong constituency will be held at the State Central Library in Shillong on 13th June,
Two persons died in Bishnupur District, a village inhabited by the Meitei, while three persons died in Churachandpur, where the Kuki-Zo community lives.
The court has fixed the hearing for the 22nd of October.
The Minister said this while addressing the opening ceremony of the 75th International Day of Yoga, 2023 Yoga Mahotsav held at Dibrugarh on Thursday organized by the Ministry of Ayush. .
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri, said that they had the opportunity to inform him of the need to set up a police station in Lapangap. the inhabitants of the city.
These issues expressed by these leaders of the country and other leaders have been included in the Constitution of the country and have prompted the leaders in power to create various policies to achieve these goals. .
In the second session, there was an information session where Prof S Dkhar explained about 'The snaps of Khasi culture as reflected in the poems of Myllung Soso Tham' Dr K.Phawa on the topic 'The poet Soso Tham as a leader of the nation' and Prof OR Shallam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The BJP in Meghalaya has announced that it will start the registration of members on the 24th of this month at 1 pm at Hotel Assembly, Shillong.
To get rid of this problem, the dignity of our state, it is only necessary to abolish the High Level of the MDA government. they think only of their own profit and gain.
In the final U-14 boys' final, Roman Catholic Evening School of West Jaintia Hills District beat New Nongstoin Secondary School of West Jaintia Hills District 4-3 by tie breaker.
“It is not that I support Bah Ardent but I support the issue of MUDA, there is no other group, KHNAM has slept lyngngai and that is why I left. “My constituency is also affected by the MUDA border crossing,” said Latiplang Kharkongor.
Earlier in November last year, the High Court had said that the lives of the Chief Justice and its judges were in danger and adequate security was needed.
Khliehriat, Nailar 03 : The MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency today visited the National Highway-6 in Narpuh area. Block, Dr T. Shylla, Executive Engineer of PWD Khliehriat, Bah M. Kharnaior, Superintendent Engineer of PWD East Jaintia Hills District and other dignitaries. The NHAI and the PWD department have issued a strict order to submit their reports by tomorrow, 4th July regarding the condition of the NH-6 in East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
In his speech, Swami Sukhananda encouraged the youth through his stories of selflessness for the country.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Shillong Sports Association (SCA) on Saturday concluded the Under-14 Football Tournament with Umphyrnai SC. PFR Football Academy beat PFR Football Academy 2-1 in the final which started at 3:30 pm.
There are four shelters for ksew built by the Noida Authority in Sectors 34, 50, 93B and
“Any street slogans will not be able to become laws.
The VPP's commitments include improving education, health, agriculture, protecting the land, finding ways and means to reduce the migration of rural people to urban areas, Shillong by developing new small towns, to promote tourism, to provide electricity, employment, to review the MoU on demarcation, to clean up the employment, to protect the environment, fight against drugs and others.
The goals were scored by Darihunki Lamare (7, 43 min) and Napaleroiki Lytan (21 min).
He said that Krai is a strong plant and does not die from diseases or climate change (climate resilient).
No one was injured in the incident. The incident occurred at about 10:35 pm in front of the office of the State Co-operative. who slept in the house.
Speaking after the opening ceremony, Rev DE Syiem said that this is a great honor that God has given to the Prebytery and all the churches in it, because it is through the His gift and blessing to the Christian family and the encouragement of the children of the church has enabled the Presbytery to get its own office in a short journey.
The party strongly appeals to the 60 MLAs to be vigilant against such statements from senior officers which affect the people.
On the other hand, the union led by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President, together with members in the presence of the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Raid Nongtung, Bah B Sohtun President, Bah Alloysius Bina Secretary and others held a meeting. it wants to gather information on the boundary and villages in the area.
“Why don't you answer Rida...? "I asked, "Do you see that you don't know that you're going to the shop...?" “I told Kong Mer...” Panah replied. The mother understood that her son had cheated on her.
The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Tuesday said that the incident between the students of the hostel on Monday night has nothing to do with the incident. matter of national conflict.
He said that according to the belief of the ancients, these months are not the months of eating tit except for tit tung and tit jwat.
Nongstoiñ, June 20: The dissatisfaction of the border residents with the social settlement agreement between Meghalaya and Assam should not be a stumbling block for the second phase of settlement of seven other areas. The remaining village elders said that the villages in the areas where the rehabilitation has not yet started such as the Langpih sector.
Conrad said that the Rongram-Dadenggre and Phulbari road project has been neglected for many years, but James Sangma has ordered the construction of the new road in The budget is T.80 crore.
This patriarchal system has no basis at all, but is based on business and childbearing of women.
Dauruhi Pale scored the first goal for Sailung Ialong.
The party would also like to take this opportunity to thank once again all the members and especially the Waheh Shnong and the EC Members of the village for their full support to the party. until this plan was successful and went smoothly.
KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah in an interview with the media on Tuesday said, “There is no responsibility of the people in power to run the khaddar but if we look at other ethnic groups if it relates to ethnic issues.
The epicenter of the earthquake was on the border with Myanmar and also affected Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, June 12: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkynvat and the Office of the District Employment Officer, Mawkyrwat today announced that there will be an orientation program for those who Students who wish to sit for the Meghalaya Civil Services (MCS) examination” on the 21st of July, 2022 at 2 pm at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
Robertjune said that the demand for the post of Prime Minister by the son of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum is not a threat to the Garo friends, but because the Garo people have had many opportunities to lead the government and this opportunity. Their failure to lead the government from time to time has resulted in a lot of development in Lum Garo.
The deterioration of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the people not only during the rainy season but also during the rainy season.
Hari Kirpal Singh came to the fourth position.
This is part of the efforts to keep the village clean especially on the NH 44 which passes through Ummulong village as well as the village roads.
He said the Government has not forced the people to attend the festival.
In the past two years, he has spoken out against the BJP government in the state and his name has also appeared in the corruption scandal in Assam, where a daughter was allegedly kidnapped. jongu, you are involved in this illegal plantation.
Since we first got this state, the people have experienced the Party Riewlum many times;
Bari Pyngrope also expressed her surprise at how the police recruitment has already been announced publicly, while the notification has not yet been issued.
SHOPS AND ESTABLISHMENT ACT, 1953.
" said Mr. Shanbor.
The electricity bill alone has reached T550 crore.
After the seminar, a tree planting ceremony was held around the church compound and on the church grounds.
It was also the first victory in the main draw for Zhang to win, where he started his journey in the tournament against the inexperienced player after three appearances. in the last Grand Slam.
"The HYC urges and requests the two Union Waheh Chnongs of Jowai and War Jaintia and the Waheh Chnongs of the six villages to resolve this issue in order to resolve the issue and remove the restrictions on the garbage disposal. the life of society.
"When asked about the analysis of the samples, she added, “We expect to analyze more than 100 more samples.
It is on this basis, the people of Nongkrem Constituency and the State itself believe that Bah Ardent will be one of the Moses to free the youth who have no direction where to go.
It is located at the village of Dondia Khera, which fell under the rule of Raja Rao Ram Bux Singh, who ruled in the 19th century. about 50 kilometers from Lucknow.
On the other hand, Ma Nujor promised to assist the Kur as much as possible to achieve the goal of the Kur to build a museum of the Kur Shadap Manar.
The Doh Rymbui (Mother), Brothers and Sisters and those in the family.
Shillong, March 4: Bollywood actor Farhan Akhtar arrived in Shillong today for the shooting of his Bollywood film Rock On
Bah Myrthong said, “India is a country of religious freedom” and said, “The writings in the book Dienjat ki Longshuwa are wrong” and began to explain, by showing, that in The book shows the relationship between the tree and the tree and the old man said, "We didn't come through the tree, we came through the tree"
Some of these food items and oils that the government has purchased from the farmers, distributes them through PDS and various other schemes.
Besides, we will also increase the salaries of teachers and government employees soon.
Among the candidates announced by the party, in the first list include Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi and Garo Hills. the child in this present age.
Your reading should be based on your desire and enthusiasm from the heart, not on your own.
Regarding the cleanliness of the market, the CEM promised that the Council will provide two garbage trucks so that there will be no more garbage collected in the market. They were witnesses on that day in Motphran.
“We have received more than Rs 1,000 crore in the form of the National Rural Employment Generation Scheme (NREGS) and the state is one of the best performers in this scheme in India,” he said.
Meghalaya, who won the toss, failed to tied first with Wallam Lyngdoh Kynshi scoring 10 runs, Pringsang Sangma 18 runs and Tengchan Sangma 37 runs.
The state of education in 2020 has become confusing and incomprehensible due to the sudden lockdown imposed by the government since 17th March (October) on schools. educational institutions) all due to the sudden outbreak of Covid-1
The overturned truck has been towed by the police and at the same time, the police will conduct an investigation according to the rules of law.
He also explained that those who want to smoke, have to smoke in places outside the prohibited places and if anyone is found fighting, they will be fined 200 tyngka.
The training on Ayurveda was conducted by Prof (Dr) OP Gupta, Retired Professor, Government Ayurvedic College and Hospital Guwahati.
In Arunachal Pradesh, its MLAs have joined the BJP. In Nagaland, too, its MLAs have joined the BJP. the states, namely, Manipur and Meghalaya.
Some of the people took the promises seriously, while others said that they were just a joke.
This shows that the BJP has not been able to win the trust of the people in the state despite winning the MP elections in 2014 and 2019 in other parts of the country.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday confirmed that the coal trucks currently operating on the roads are in accordance with the license issued by the department and are not illegal trucks. blame.
Sri Lanka, Switzerland, New Zealand, United Kingdom, Czech Republic, Australia, Norway, Chile, Mexico, Germany, and France, along with five leading kayakers from Meghalaya and one from Arunachal Pradesh.
DIG of BSF in charge of Jowai Sector Headquarters, ND Bahuguna, DSP of East Jaintia Hills, MSH Nanghuloo, Vice Principal of St. Anthony's College, Nasar Pala.
The Seng Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, the Ri Bhoi Dorbar and many environmentalists from Ri Bhoi, came to support the rally. They said that they are against the proposal to change the garbage dump in the village and that they will not allow the government to turn the garbage dump into a garbage dump in the village. urlong.
In this regard, the MGSPHSVA, a group of land vendors, has expressed its satisfaction that after seven years of struggle, the State Government has implemented the by the Act of the Central Government for the Employment of Landlords.
She was also the Minister of State for Rural Development in 2009-2012. She was also the MLA from South Tura. brother of Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Nailur 23: After the controversy over the Ar maloi post of MLA and MDc at the same time, the MLAs, MDCs and leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) have now decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. They held an emergency meeting to discuss the matter.
The Seng has called on all Sengbhalang and political parties to force the government to appoint Kardius.
However, wherever Hynniewtrep is concerned, the law against foreign trade has been tightened.
Nongstoiñ, November 18: After the end of the protest held at Jantarmantar Square in New Delhi on the 15th, in which groups including the GSMC, The HSPDP, led by Professor Munish Tamang as President, also handed over a petition to Home Minister Amit Shah.
To emphasize his ownership, Bah Dapoiwanmi Laloo came to speak to reporters at Shillong Press Club today.
The Demand Committee has from time to time sent a petition to the Government through the Chief Ministers of our State, Honorable Chief Ministers who have left from SC Marak, JD Rymbai, Dr.DD Lapang. , Dr.Donkupar Roy and to Dr. Mukul M Sangma the incumbent Prime Minister who has fulfilled the aspirations of the people of the region for more than 20 years when he announced and promised on 14th October of 2016 in the Legislative Assembly to allocate the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
“To Niakha....
Therefore, the extension of the term of office by six months compared to what was done two years ago is still too short,” he said.
He said that many states of India have already implemented the NEP while in Meghalaya they still want the old way of life which has left the state behind.
The total number of recoveries is 14,917 and the death toll is
This is the second time in 2020 that Bangladeshis have entered the border of the state to shoot and injure BSF personnel. Shillong: Ka JNU Alumni, Shillong: The Fire Brigade has gathered at Madan Iewrynghep to condemn the attack on students, teachers and staff at Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi on 5th July
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Government has increased the salary of former MLAs in the state from T.10,000 to T.17,000 per month.
They plant about 4 seeds per acre, and they get about 4 months of seeds from which they can make dairy.
Bantilis Nongrum passed away the following day at about 5:30 pm.
The strong protest of the KSU, other KSU members and the state as a whole against the CAA has reached the point where dozens of members of the KSU have been arrested by the state police. They were called to appear from time to time.
And this puts the lives of the residents at great risk.
"Many of the complaints of the traders have been difficult to resolve and some have been resolved," the newspaper said.
The UN declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) was also discussed.
After arriving at NEIGRIHMS, she was tested positive by CBNAAT.
In 2020, Delina Khongdup had tied the door of the Meghalaya High Court to demand the recognition of those who still hold the Traditional or Khasi religion and Hindus as minorities.
He said he hoped that the Meghalaya Road Safety Policy announced last month would help reduce the number of accidents in the state.
In a statement to the family members, the committee is deeply grateful for the great deeds of this rangbah, who was also honored in April 2021, at Mawryngkang.
The closing date for submission of application forms is 26th July
B.Lytan, Vocational Director Rtn.
In a letter sent by KSU Sumer President and Secretary Daraplang Salahe and Baitlang Paslein, they said that the deterioration of this road has caused problems to the people in the trade and especially in the trade. painful shitom.
However, nothing has come of the investigation.
As part of the efforts to strengthen the BJP in the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Bah L.Michael Kharsyntiew, who is also seeking ticket from the party, has launched a membership programme. today in Khyndailad.
Wouldn’t it bring us back to the stone age? Is such a thing used in this enlightened society?"
Nongpoh: The Joint Action Committee (JCC) today protested against the Assam border crossing at Nongwah Mawtamur and the plan to build a road to Nongwah Mawtamur village, Ri Bhoi district and Sohiong Hima. (JAC) of the Hima Sohiong, has sent a letter and met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, to urge him to take action and fight against the border crossing. Assam.
Jowai, Naiwieng 02 : The North East Adventist University (NEAU) on Tuesday commemorated the National Unity Day or Rashtriya Ekta Diwas. shisha is very popular because of the presence of dances, songs, performances which are of their own tradition.
The bikes they use are called Pro-Bikes.
He said that Balurghat Airport is an important airport for income generation and has been abandoned for about 64 years.
The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) under the support of the All India Chess Federation (AICF) will hold the 1st Meghalaya Invitational Chess Tournament 2023 here in Shillong. The tournament will be open only to players from the North East.
Upon seeing this unique weapon, the man immediately informed the police and after a while, the police arrived at the scene to inspect for themselves. kind of tire.
Six mobile phones were stolen from the Meghalaya House in Kolkata this morning, and on November 8, 10 mobile phones were stolen from the women's room and three mobile phones from the men's room. Up to 13 mobile phones were stolen from the residence of the state.
Many Khasi youths/elderly people do not want to go to work even in Garo Hills.
Wahlang, who has nine children, has appealed to the Additional Subordinate District Court for assistance.
“We request the law enforcement authorities to track down the perpetrators and ensure that those involved will not be punished,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: William Nagar Police today raided the residence of former ANVC Commander-in-Chief Jerome Ch Momin and arrested him on charges of selling firearms to the leader of the ANVC. the GNLA and Sohan D Shira.
In the case of young children, since the time of COVID-19, it has been found that everyone has their own mobile phone because they have to attend online classes.
The 5th District Level Industrial Exhibition (5th District Level Industrial Exhibition) was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District today. A.Baranwal, IAS, held at Wika Complex Compound, Khliehriat West.
“How can we support a person who has refused to be with us from the first day, don't mislead the people even to do the registration of members in Sohiong we don't want because there is still an election, but it is It is unfortunate that they have brought the name of Bah Ardent in this election and instead of asking for help from the local leaders they have asked for Prah who is the only candidate. "he added.
Andreas Bina, Adviser Paiem Miwel Shadap (Chief of Raid Nongtung) and members B Sohtun, Jim Lamar and Lobing Masharing.
Many students with disabilities who are interested in education have applied for admission at Jyoti Sroat but have not been able to do so.
“The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has also invested in education in the state and has allocated T.100 million US dollars for the improvement of government-aided schools among others,” he said. said Prof Laloo.
Four byrni of rice were distributed to the school but one byrni of rice was rotten and turned red and it was confirmed that the rice was no longer suitable for consumption.
Kitbor Kharkongor scored the first goal for Laitkor in the 62nd minute while Batskhem Nongkynrih scored the second goal for Mawkhar in the 72nd minute and John Paul Mylliemngap scored the second goal for Mawkhar in the 76th minute. .
He added that on his part, in his own strength, he has tried his best to promote sports, in which he has organized various sports tournaments such as the Republic Cup, Independence Cup in the past years and this year he will also hold the Summer Cup in which players from the state will be able to take part in this tournament. which shall be done.
The bridge in Amsku village is a very important bridge for many villages in the area. It is learned that as it is, there are many villages including The villages of Amsku, Kyrweng, Muktapur, Sankhat, Hawai Bhoi, Lakroh, Hawai Sutnga, Lumpingad and others will be affected if anything goes wrong with the bridge.
God will fulfill this promise in the days to come.
In another match, Chilliangraij and NSA ended in a draw without any goals.
These heritage sites of the Khasi Pnar have been protected since
Maharashtra has reported 1,278 new cases and 53 deaths, including 19 from Mumbai.
The government's refusal to implement the ILP by introducing the ILP Act has been against the demands of the Sengbhalang. Shillong, March 28: Many shops were closed in the morning today due to the curfew announced by the Civil Society Women Organization (CSWO) led by Irene Hujon.
One of the mistakes made by the leaders was on Block I and Block II, as these areas were moved to Karbi Anglong from Khasi Jaintia Hills before Meghalaya got its own state.
“To get an accurate and error-free E-Roll, all residents, village authorities together with the Election Department and CSCs should work together to ensure that the voter list is corrected so that the voter list is accurate. ,” said the DC while inaugurating the Electors Verification Program (EVP) which is scheduled to resolve all errors within 10 months from 1st to 30th November at CSC, Starline, Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“It is the duty of the police to find out the reasons whether the reason is that the person is a drunkard or he is in a headache or we cannot say,” she said. King.
In the last match, Baby Sunday scored two goals against Mawten, while Donlad scored five goals in the final group match against Seng Samla Laitryngew.
However, when it comes to this state, many parties do not work according to their manifestos even after they come to power and for this reason, the electorate does not accept those manifestos. but they elect according to their own feelings and many places where they elect their leaders when they get money or for personal gain.
Magawa is said to have the power to detonate these bombs and when he finds them, he signals people to take them away.
“To Rangbah Shnong, thank you very much for visiting our house, from now on we will work with you in any matter.
Continuation When Lanosha's mother came there, Bah Deng began to tell the story, “Mom, I'm telling Lano not to feel anything about what happened this morning.
It is also true that I don't like to watch my various films all the time.
Mulang Ialong, Mukhla Raij and Dulong have qualified for the semi finals of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The deaths were from EKH: 06, WKH: 02 and WJH:
Prestone said the government wants to bring about development works across the state where roads are the top priority and this will start from the rural areas and Rambrai is the top priority. one to get these development opportunities, but it requires the people to renew themselves by electing leaders who can cooperate with the government.
When the bseiñ came out of Shatai's mouth, he immediately killed his brother, Heth, and threw himself at the root of the tree.
The Apollo Hospital said that the patient was brought in the morning and was in critical condition and due to lack of sleep, it was advised to transfer the patient to the hospital. another place, however, died at 8am.
All shops in the area will be closed from today.
In a petition submitted to the Minister of Municipal Corporation, the HYC said that the Municipal Corporation has recently distributed pesticides from Shillong Civil Hospital without following the rules and regulations laid down by the Municipal Corporation. Bye Laws and other laws of the country.
In the inspection of these factories, Bah Lynwi in collaboration with the District Police found that they used chemicals to make ice cream and these chemicals are known as Maruti Chemical Powder, Royal Gold which is used in silver. in factories to avoid food poisoning that affects human health.
It was the last session in Delhi with the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha before the 2019 MP elections.
He said that the state government will continue to follow up with the Central Government to include these two languages ​​in the Constitution of the country.
S.A.KurbahThe Dorbar Conference on the Promotion of the Jaidbynriew has been held with the Conference of our Honorable MDCs under the Conference of Bah H.S.Shylla, CEM, KHADC “BY THE INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMUNITY ACT TO THOSE WOMEN WHO ARE RELATED TO DKHAR (outside the state).
To improve the quality of education, KJDSTA has also conducted workshops on Science, Mathematics and Social Science among other programmes, said Bah Nongsiang.
According to the farmers, this year, the season has been very bad where there are only 20-30 sohniamtra per tree, which produces hundreds of sohniamtra.
We will not leave behind the small or the big and there will be no peace in the seizure, seizure and search of any kind of drugs,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, Bah Ban Kharnaior, President of HITO Ri-Bhoi District, said that the HITO today lodged a complaint at Byrnihat Police Station and also lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District. The investigation will also send doctors to check the condition of the children at the school.
The Covid Committee of Baridua has warned the BITCHEM Company against bringing in people from other states and also that it must verify that it has received permission from the DC Ribhoi and from Baridua, as it has been revealed that the work of the Manager, is fraudulent and ordered that the factory should close down their work until they get the permission of the Manager. Therefore, the village understands that it will take another measure to prevent the entry of other people from other states into Meghalaya.
He said that Mawkynrew area has produced many youngsters who lead the big clubs that play in the Polo Ground, so he urged them to use their talents properly so that one day they too will be able to play. to lead the clubs in Shillong which will be the pride of the entire region.
He said that it is not easy because to start this business they take a loan from the bank, besides this they rely on food and seeds only from the state, not from abroad. it increases the price and this causes them to lose a little.
Thung MD is non-technical and politician.
Not only to belong to religions, not only to belong to the church, but to have great faith in the name of Jesus.
After the meeting with the district authorities, the union also met with the district police, but due to the absence of the SP, the union leaders, students and Rangbah Shnongs left. DSP Headquarters, Bah BJ Laloo, at his office.
When you do anything, you don't have to have any results.
Eijingmut Lyngdoh of Kharumnuid FC played well to score the second goal in the 35th minute.
“Referring to Amit Shah's claim that 22,000 Hindi teachers have been appointed in schools in five North Eastern states, Dr Nonglait said, “He (Amit Shah) thinks that 22 thousand Hindi teachers in Meghalaya? There are no Hindi teachers in our schools but there are those who have appointed themselves.
The purpose of this program is to raise awareness on the need for skills and knowledge for employment opportunities and to set up self-employment among the youth and on the need for their future.
Today, the Shad Puja started at 4 pm with an announcement by the Riew Rangbah Shnong to invite the residents to attend the ceremony.
The party has opposed the election of Pa'iem Kynsai by alleging that he was elected by the ministers without giving proper notice to the people. “We don't know when the Syiem was elected. “But we have received information from the sources that there is a full Syiem in Hima Bhowal,” said the BPF leaders. Syiem because it is the rightful kur according to the customs and traditions but they want the people to participate in the election of the Syiem and not just the ministers and basan.
The prophet Micah also foretold, “But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose origin is from everlasting, from everlasting.
“It is gratifying that under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary Donald P Wahlang, it is a very important step to clean up the rivers. that garbage.
On this day, there will also be a byrngia lehkmen through the song, siaw, put and tem by the kaitor and duhalia of the Kur Warjri.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will spend T.121 crore for the construction of new office buildings in 46 blocks across the state. .
Every time there is a mass protest, the government knows how to instigate a High Level Committee (HLC) headed by Chief Ministers. (Senior Cabinet Minister) or Independent Inquiry headed by a retired judge on the issue of Meghalaya House, Kolkata during the tenure of Chief Minister I (L) EK Mawlong.
This came after the MPCC leaders did not agree to change the ticketing of the candidates as scheduled within 24 hours.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Livestock, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, said that the opening of the meat slaughterhouse is a Christmas gift for the residents of Demthring.
The suspected kidnappers demanded T.10 lakh from the relatives of the driver, but his brother said he had informed them that Ali was not a trader or a He said that after talking to him, he said that after talking to him, the kidnappers said they would release him. , and yesterday Ali was released.
He also congratulated the people of Nongkrem constituency for remembering that he is the only one who has won three times from this constituency.
“I have no intention of harming my fellow countrymen and in fact, I would like to commend their hard work and willingness to help in household chores, besides the daily chores. their day, to provide for the needs of the household"
Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal for Mawlai Sports Club in the 33rd minute.
Indeed, the arrival of these red cars has helped the people to travel more easily.
He said that through the introduction of the Roster System, the Reservation Policy has become more and more clear, what is needed is for the state government to take action to review and update this long standing policy. Sir.
Samuel Kynshi scored for Lajong in the 17th minute, Bonison in the 27th minute and Sheen Sohktung in the 55th minute.
Her remarks sparked strong criticism from the Mangaluru diocese, the Udupi Catholic Church and the Malankara Orthodox Church.
We all understand how it will happen and how it will affect a country which has too many people and especially if the country is invaded by foreigners and Mynder Ri - especially Hindus and Muslims?
It is learned that these people threatened them and demanded that they pay a fine. Two of the robbers shot the young man while the other was with the girl.
The HNLC member is currently in police custody for further investigation.
State Police have arrested Jha on charges of cheating and selling certificates to students. your university.
Bishnu Sharma was employed in 1991 on a salary of T.9,800 and other income. Babul Hajong was employed in 1999 on a salary of T.8,460 and other income. B Magaiya, in 1989, with a payment of T.10,090 and other payments, Bah L Buhphang in 2006, with a payment of T.7,620 and other payments, Bah P Nongrang , in 2011, with a payment of T.6,820 and other payments and then Ms. E Kurkalang, in 2011, with a payment of T.6,820 and other payments.
Along with the CEM, six MDCs have left the GHPA including Chairman Boston Marak, four others including Wenison Marak of the Garo National Council, Dhormonath Sangma who has left the GHPA. Ismail Marak of the BJP and Righteous Marak of the NCP have left the Congress.
On this occasion, the reporter tried to get information about the condition of the market.
" said James.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Tennydard M Marak has lodged a complaint with the President of Meghalaya to remove the Scheduled Tribe (ST) certificate of the Chief Minister.
Humans or animals with infectious diseases must also be quarantined, so that they do not spread the disease until they are cured.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Meghalaya follows the Land Survey and Records Preparation Act
If this is the case, there will be no party or parties opposed to the BJP in this country.
It was this celebration that inspired researchers to search for the writings of Father Hopewell Elias Khariong.
“I would like to congratulate the MCA on its victory.
“During the time of Dr Mukul Sangma's government, the people were still seeing development in front of them but now they don't see anything.
Regarding the PM SVANidhi scheme, the Minister said that the PM Street Vendor's AtmaNirbharNidhi (PM SVANidhi, which was launched on 1st July 2020, is a scheme to provide loans to street vendors. in urban areas without a deposit of up to T.50,0
Becky said that she is in a very difficult situation, because she has to take care of these dogs alone and she cannot go anywhere and also, she has to take them to the doctor. for those who are weak and those who are not strong.
He said the EJNC is one of the political parties in East Jaintia which is under the umbrella of CoMSO to oppose the CAA and demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Shillong: A foreigner, Susanta Chandury, who used to be the owner of a Khasi shop in Iewduh, has been killed. He started working as the owner of the shop where he set up to sell foodstuffs.
Vehicles will not be allowed to leave Lum after 2:00 pm, said Fornick Kharrubon Secretary Lum Sohpetbneng Committee.
Speaking to reporters, the Project Director of the Amazing Colors of India (ACI) S. Ghosh said the aim of the festival is to spread the message of peace.
Lawrence Lyngkhoi, a close friend of Lawrence Lyngkhoi, said he was selected by Mawkhar SC and played for the Shillong XI and also for the India University team.
The hand of the clock reached the number shiphew and it was bedtime for them. Before going to bed, the mother said to her father, “When Gratia got a job, we became more and more. sting the burden and when we are strong we shall see a better and happier day for us.
North Liberty HSS and Kiang Nangbah HSS have qualified for the final of the District Level Subroto Cup organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
It is the knowledge that elevates mankind to such an extent.
By Philip Marweiñ The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) is the oldest political party in Meghalaya.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
In fact, the HANM members had planned to hold a protest by sitting in front of the DC's office but were driven away by the police.
If there is no more money between 5 pm and 11 am, the fire will not go out because it is working hours.
It is the plan of the NPP to split the UDP. Now if the UDP stays in the MDA government they will have problems because they have been looked after by the KHADC. they don't want to be in government.
A public meeting will be held in Assam during Rahul Gandhi's visit to the state.
This requires the empowerment of teams to do their work and also a focus on managing international relations and related jurisdictional situations.
The SP said that immediately after the protest at Madan Student, a group of ILP protesters, mostly women, tried to turn to Motphran but the police stopped them. They tried to force the police and there was a brief clash and then there was also a stone throwing by the protesters at the police.
The following are the leaders and members of the Jowai Waheh Chnong Union: All the Waheh Chnongs shall be themselves, the Executive Members. The Auditorial Board consisting of Ram Sumer, Panaliar Convener, Homelin Bareh, Chutwakhu and Anderson Manner was also elected. as a member of the audit board.
At the same time, he said that the Khasi language is the aim of bringing unity in the nation where even the great men of Jaintia Hills have led since before the introduction of the Khasi language in the Khasi language. the riti rule of the country.
On Saturday, the club announced that Soyal Joshy, who won the Santosh Trophy 2022, has signed a three-year contract until the 2024-25 season.
Preference will be given to those organizations run by youth for youth.
He encouraged the new office bearers by reminding them that if they do good deeds, don't expect people to see or see them, but if they do wrong, only one small person will see them. He said that we should not feel sorry for such people because this is the shortcoming of us human beings.
It is learned that the JD(U) had initially proposed Kumar as Convenor but the TMC had rejected it. Mallikarjun Kharge, a well-known politician, will have to show his skills to become the leader of the INDIA bloc this time.
The KHNAM leaders also expressed their disappointment over the lack of action by the ruling ethnic parties like the UDP or HSPDP on the Reservation Policy and alleged that perhaps the reason is that there is something wrong. the political position of the shalyndet.
Publicity KSU Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem in a statement said that may this Behdeinkhlam bring about love and unity among mankind and also to bring peace and harmony around the world.
Foods and a healthy lifestyle can help improve cholesterol levels.
From that time on, Syiem Sutnga became king in the country, built a bridge, dug a well, and established the famous Jaintiapur Market.
“In fact, we are happy to get the ground because it will benefit the people of Mawlai but we also want to know how it will be implemented,” said the KSU and FKJGP leaders. They will conduct another inspection in these days and invite the contractor to explain the progress of the work and when it will be completed.
During the visit, the KSU leaders and the Shnong had a temporary disruption in the collection of taxes from public vehicles. the Taxpayer money from the Kali public.
Not only that, the HYC on this day also submitted a petition to the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima to urge him to take action on this issue.
My dear friend, this article is not a blasphemy or a condemnation of the religion you have converted.
In connection with this incident, the police have handed over the child to the family members. In connection with this incident, the police will conduct an investigation and those who have been arrested. in the provisions of the law to the person accused of kidnapping the child.
The Seng strongly warns against foreigners who come to own as contractors or vendors but do not have proper documents. arrest him and hand him over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation.
Christian Karembeu, who won the World Cup with France in 1998, Roberto Carlos with Brazil in 2002, and Raphael Varane, who won the World Cup with France in 2018, also won the World Cup with France. League in the same year for Real Madrid.
"The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already sent a directive to all the MLAs in the MDA coalition government to come and participate tomorrow. He said that the parties within the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) are united and confident that they will win against the MDA government. The No Confidence Motion of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
In West Garo Hills, there are 14 BSF personnel, in West Jaintia Hills one civilian and in Ribhoi 19 personnel, 15 soldiers and one civilian.
The woman was drowned on the 11th of this month while passing through a stream at Madan Langtad, near Nongshyrngan.
There are 4,373 houses affected and out of these, 263 houses have been severely damaged and 95 houses have been destroyed.
This road falls under the Pynursla LA Constituency led by Bah Prestone Tynsong as MLA and at the same time PWD Minister of our MDA Government.
The PA Sangma Football Stadium which can accommodate 9500 spectators has also been completed and this is the first stadium to be built with PRE-FAB steel. complete it within two years.
During the visit, the Minister handed over a check of T.50,000 to the injured so that they can spend while they are undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Last year, Bah Rohit was the goalkeeper coach of Mawlai SC and now he has joined the new club.
Finely L. Pariat, General Secretary, in a statement, said that the race will start from the SSA Stadium Main Gate at Polo Ground, Shillong.
He said that the salary increase for the SSA employees was in 2016, and on 12th June, 2023 the Executive Committee under the leadership of the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya has approved the proposal. The salary increase should be in consultation with the Finance Department and other Societies and Government Departments.
The roads were constantly ‘smam’ with water causing problems for pedestrians.
There is no suspicion that the UALA or GNLA may have committed the crime.
If you don't know how to prevent it, prevention is better than cure.
The government of Pli can do three things.
It is surprising that a Khasi child can take position and leave behind even the Dkhar children in Hindi.
He said that the foundation stone was laid in 2009 by the then Minister of PWD MM Dango for the construction of the Dawki Bridge but nothing has been done yet. Government especially MM Dango who has returned to the same post where he sat 7 years ago to complete this task.
Shillong, March 23: Despite the widespread mining of shyiap in the state, the state government has not yet wanted to ban it but has decided to introduce rules to prevent the mining of shyiap pathar.
Liew-lep and liew-kharai – To produce 10 kilos of sohsaw (for example), farmers need to spend about Rs 3.50 and when they come They sell it to wholesalers in the market and earn only three or seven tyngka per kilo (the income is only one or two tyngka per kilo).
Mano doesn't sit still.
At the same time, they also decided that the government should not repeal the Ordinance without the approval of the Governor.
He said there is a scheme known as the CM Social Assistance Scheme for women who have died.
In terms of health, there is no health care provider who is willing to surprise or ask for money.
The State Government, through the MBOSE, granted the Opening Permission in 1999 and recognized it as a Regular School in
He said that in doing so, there may be some difficulties, but the government will have to think about the problems of the majority, not just the problems of a few.
“However, Meghalaya is still lagging behind in development due to corruption, lack of adequate employment opportunities and lack of visionary leaders,” he said.
“Police on receiving a tip have conducted an investigation and the village authorities of Jhalupara have clarified that he is not a resident of Jhalupara. Police have rushed to Mawiong to verify that he came from Nepal on the 30th to Shillong,” said the SP. According to the police from Mawiong who were on duty on 30th October
FKJGP General Secretary Dundee Cliff Khongsit said the CEM has said that he does not want to stop the slaughter of cows, but he does not want to cause conflict between the government departments. and the District Council as well as the Hima Mylliem.
“Today, about 15 Dorbar Shnongs attended the meeting and the Hima Mylliem has decided to suspend the Rangbah Shnongs until further notice,” he said. Minister MB Kharlokhi.
After the MUA-II government did not do anything, the union on 27th June 2017 sent a letter to the Prime Minister of the country to challenge the border issue and on 6th October has received a reply from the Office of the Prime Minister, according to a letter No.PMOPG/D/2017/0098916, dated 6th October 2017 which states that the Central Government will take action to resolve the boundary between these two countries. and state.
He was also the editor of the Christian Heritage, the Christian Lympung and a member of the Khasi Author Society.
In the analysis of various information pages from the mobile phone, it has been seen that it has been able to count the sleep time of many people.
Japanese coast guard said the volcano may have already exploded because it was not seen or found despite being well prepared and waiting.
The Chief Minister said the change of containment measure to lockdown is due to the fact that the number of cases has exceeded 2000 and the positivity rate in Shillong is 17% and % in East Khasi Hills and the occupancy of hospitals has reached 60% in Shillong, so stricter measures have to be taken to curb the spread of the disease in the state.
The deadline is until the end of this month,” said Prestone.
In the commemoration of Crytal Gayle Kharnaior, the Riti Academy has distributed awards to young artists who have excelled in the fields of writing, painting, sculpture and other snaps. original sap.
Tip top : you mean to dress well.
Dr Mukul Sangma has condemned the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma for causing Meghalaya to slow down in economic growth.
As your family, you should not despair. God does not disappoint those who call upon Him.
It is as if those who have died in vain have lost their conscience, so quickly to 'tah' erase completely with 'sia-lieh' the truth.
Pynshngainlang said that according to the rule, it has been decided to proceed with the passage of the Bill and it will be submitted to the Governor for approval.
The NPP, GNC, BJP and Independents have formed the Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA) and elected Denang T Sangma as the Chief Executive Member (CEM).
However, BHR did not change in those who were given exercises only for breathing and breathing.
“If you get a shisha, sir, then the house will be clean,” said Kynsai.
“I don't see any reason why tourists should refuse to visit Meghalaya,” he said.
Before the rally, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Bah M.Dkhar Sordar of Tiehsaw Village and a short speech was delivered by Dr. P.Lyngkhoi, former Joint Director of the department. A 10 minute silence was held in memory of the deceased.
According to Bah Syiem, these robbers have been planning for some time, where there is a place where they have built tyllai and stolen nar nod from that place.
“After I took over the throne, I held a meeting recently where we decided to cancel the rules of the former Syiem and we sent a letter to the KHADC for approval,” he said. said Paiem Baldwister.
There are about 200 vacancies for those who speak English in Slovakia, a country near Poland in Europe.
“Meghalaya which is in dire financial straits from the creation of districts and civil sub divisions needs money from the central government and we don't want to form a government with the Congress which is hostile to the BJP and only the NPP has close ties. and this will make it easier to get the approval of the central government,” said Bah Hispreaching.
As Iran is doing to destroy other countries especially Israel, the answer has now come from the God of Israel.
“I am pleased to inform you that the Government of India has launched the National Green Hydrogen Mission to harness hydrogen electricity and has approved an investment of US$ 2.3 billion for this Mission.
Before doing the bungy jump, these three persons had to undergo a test before they can participate and if found to be in good health, after that, They have to pay a fee of 9,000 tyngka to participate in the competition.
Also present on the occasion were Arpit Upadhyay, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, Bah R Kharbihkhiew, ADC M Kshir, Assistant Commissioner Dr. A Sani and other officials from government departments.
Don't expect the teachers' groups to oppose as expected by the government but they will be the tools to repair, transform and reshape the future of literacy in our state.
(A.Gallon).
The Secretary Shnong, the Village Leaders and after 10 months, the Secretary Shnong without consulting the Rangbah Shnong called the Dorbar Shnong. his leadership and some Members of the Dorbar Shnong.
This city was built in two places, on the east and on the west sides of the city.
It is a farmers' organization that will fight against many of the problems of the farmers, whether it is the lack of seeds, lack of fertilizer, lack of water, price cut, kilo cut, to bring back the law on agriculture, the lack of market for agricultural products, the decline in the price of agricultural products, the farming of livestock, animals and livestock, and all the problems faced by farmers in state.
It is alleged that these four government taxis operate from Motphran to Polo, Shyiap and Mawpat.
On the part of Ma Habahun Dkhar, he advised and urged the children of the Seiñ Raij to take care and clean up this, so that it will benefit, not only for the present, but for the future.
Even the Rangbah Shnong is still elected by many men even though it has become more important to the villagers.
“In recent years, space technology has come into all walks of life and because of this there is a huge demand for space-related services with lots of career opportunities".
“How can they vote for the Congress while they are still in the BJP? We want to know why we want the Dy.Chairman to send this complaint to the Governor before allowing them to vote. Nongpoh, Naitung 19: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today held a meeting to raise awareness among the public and especially the students about their human rights. The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, has organized a one-day program on Human Rights Literacy for school and college students at Ri Bhoi College Nongpoh.
The prayer service was held at the English Service Hall of the KJP Assembly in Khyndailad.
However, there are other cases where the wearing of masks is not appropriate and especially for many hours, but if you do not follow these rules, you can remove the mask.
Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
In the upcoming parliamentary elections in Tripura, Nagaland and Meghalaya this month, the meeting called on all citizens to be thoughtful and vigilant about the threats to deprive them of the freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution of India. for all in the Country.
“In fact, the MDA government should have been happy to go to Delhi to remind them following the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly but it has not done so. The Seng Bhalang has been protesting from time to time to remind the government on this issue but even so, there has been no action. I would like to remind you of this issue during the visit of Home Minister Amit Shah to Meghalaya but he too is not sure whether he will come or not now as I have received information that he may not come at all”.
He said that the refusal to take action on such issues will deprive the students of their rights and will cause them a lot of loss, which should not happen, said the MDC in a letter to the President. Minister of the State Government.
(c) Faith – Religion – Since childhood as a writer, Tyngnger village has only 2(ar).
Police have registered a case under Section 386/120-B of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the investigation is ongoing.
The Urban Affairs Department on the other hand has tried to request more buses and taxis from the central government to operate in the city and other places under the JNNURM scheme. and 127 taxis operating in the city donated by the Central Government from the 13th Finance Commission.
Police Spokesperson Rohit Rajbir Singh told reporters that the two men grabbed the gun of Wangnyam Bosai and shot him at close range before fleeing safely. .
This illegal behavior of these foreigners has angered the union and the union has immediately evicted all these foreigners who own illegal shops.
These brothers, after facing difficulties in their journey to get adequate playgrounds for them to have the opportunity to exercise and play, decided to build their own stadium. They have opened the first Futsal ground in our state at Diengiong, New Shillong.
RDA MP candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin, while explaining to the public, said that if the people give their full support to him to win the upcoming elections, he will advocate for the issues of the people. you wish.
Therefore, you should not rise up and help your neighbour.
Therefore, the new fine announced by the federation and ordered by the court, may also destroy the hopes of the club for the selection of the team. Shabar have been knocked out of the fourth round with the remaining two games of the current season.
Other speakers included Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, President of Hope Children's Home (HCH) and Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency. Bah P.Wanniang, Minister of Sohkhyllam and Dr. Airpeace W. Rani, Convener of Tin Jubilee who presided over the ceremony. The Boys Residential Building of Hope Children Home was inaugurated by Tymmen Basan Bah B.Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the Director of Social Welfare, Bah Hima Shangpliang, said the government will build two hostels for women, one in Shillong and one in Tura.
The SP said that the traffic department together with the village authorities have imposed a ban on parking vehicles which has caused traffic jam.
That is what we think is a good person.
He said that the Government of India has a goal of eradicating Measles Rubella from India by November, 2023, and to achieve this goal requires the cooperation of all.
Those who arrested the suspect said that he was arrested while he was lying in the field and covered with a polo shirt.
Referring to his current position as Minister of State, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that he will work hard to bring about development projects in the villages, which will benefit not only the people of Mawhati, but in Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
If the Government can allocate T.10 crore initially, it will help to achieve the goal,” he said.
In Shillong, heavy rainfall is expected in the next 24 hours.
The competition was held at the Hall of the Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaiaw, Shillong where the Asst General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Païa B Synrem was the chief guest. Principal of the College, Bah WB Rynjah and others.
In this regard, Marcuise said that some of the beneficiaries of the scheme have expressed their desire to contribute money for the construction of roads in their own villages but as the rules do not allow them, u BDO to explain to these beneficiaries.
On his part, he expressed his gratitude to the FKJGP of South West Khasi Hills District for recognizing him as one of the brave men and a man who has shown mercy to the people of the district. in the area and in the South West Khasi Hills District.
The things that the Word of God says happen and continue to happen and continue to be fulfilled.
The author has already answered this question although he has taken a lot of time to develop it.
Three (3) Lyngdohs are (1) Mylliem Lyngdoh from Marbaniang Clan, (2) Nongkrem Lyngdoh from Pyngrope Clan and (3) Nongbri Lyngdoh from Nongbri Clan (Lyngdoh, 1938) .
Furthermore, the report said that there may be a possibility that the entire tournament could be completed this year with the Indian team. Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Afghanistan could also end their plans to qualify for the 50-over tournament before they qualify for the World Cup.
According to the letter, signed by the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, Lasting Pala, Waheh of Donaskur, Jennysai Pohkyrnu, Waheh of Dona Umbluh, W. Tariang, Wahhhnong of Lumphyllut, Fantin Pajat, The Wahhnongs of Pyrtakuna, Bah L. Bareh, Wahhnongs of Kuliang, Bah M. Lamare, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the presence of army patrol posts on the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. He said that the troops have been causing trouble to the passengers from time to time and it has been causing trouble to the people because these troops have been conducting more and more searches and this is a punishment. This incident happens at the BSF Check Post in Sonapur and more dangerous. It is also the covering of shrip with silver, which is like a branch in the middle of the road, which has been turned into a place of battle or a place of conflict.
When you go from Khliehriat to Lumshnong and Sonapur, the road has been destroyed.
In fact, it should have done this before the elections so that the people would understand.
Plato referred to this power of wisdom when he said, “Wisdom rules the world”.
These 25 persons have served in various fields from public leaders, doctors, engineers, advocates, teachers and students who are continuing their studies at various levels. MH Dkhar, Adviser of the Dkhar Kur.
The union requests all Upper Primary School teachers to take part so that the objectives of the union will be successful.
In the past, we felt alone.
This means that the more data we input into the machine, the more it understands and trains itself.
She said that parents can check the buses and make reservations for their children using the Mobile App.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in India has risen to 90,000, after thousands of new cases were reported yesterday.
It is also prohibited to use plastic plates, plastic bags, tape, drinking pipes, containers, clean food boxes, invitation cards, cigarette containers and others including PVC banners. to 100 microns.
“In 2014, he said I would bring all the stolen money from the Swiss Bank and deposit T.15 lakh in each account of an Indian”.
Therefore, on this basis, the RBSU urges the District Council to take action and investigate thoroughly into the entry of foreigners to buy many land in the area, he added.
The Chief Minister said that the Regional Committees will be set up within 15 days, in which the state governments will set up these committees and the Cabinet Ministers will be the heads of the committees.
The most important thing is to have the cooperation in all aspects from the village authorities, parents, youth of the village together with the relevant authorities in Nongstoiñ.
These three leaders were welcomed by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the UDP in the state in the presence of Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP in Ri-Bhoi, Bah Pius. Ranikor MLA, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, HDR Lyngdoh, former Minister of State, and other party leaders at the meeting held at Iewmawlong.
Consolation prizes were also awarded to five other Top-8 winners.
Khliehriat Lber 08 : The Star Cement Company Lumshnong, has organized various programs to celebrate the 52nd National Safety Week, which started on the 4th of October and will end on the 10th of October. On October 1, 2012, the theme of the celebration was “Our Aim, Zero Harm”.
Speaking to reporters, the incident occurred after the police came back from the scene of the murder and immediately rushed to the main road. and immediately, they bombed with sticks and guns at these vehicles, which were standing on both sides of the road.
Alison, who is also a former player of the state, has taken over Lajong since the 2018-20 season.
It is indeed difficult to rehabilitate or send these people back to the job they have chosen to serve the people.
The Prime Minister has also launched a new theme, which says “Jahan bimar, wahin upchar or which means, that the sick should be treated in their homes” and said that this will help much to reduce the burden of work, due to the forced work of this second wave of this pandemic.
At least 41 people have been killed in the outbreak of the coronavirus in China, while the number of cases has risen to 1,3
The Government will also suggest another way to do this and the preparation for the new construction will be brought back before the HPC within 10 days,” said the Minister.
The bridge is located at Kolmesal Nengsangre under Samanda Block, East Garo Hills.
In this regard, the CoRP through its General Secretary Bah Friday Jalong strongly opposes the working methods of the department which has deprived the rights of contractors who have registered to get jobs in the department. There is nothing wrong with this.
Most of the time, we feel that no one sees the good or bad deeds of our children or relatives, which they do every day, and if someone asks, you try to hide it, as if this strengthens children and assume that you allow them to do whatever they want.
This is the Mushroom Development Centre, Upper Shillong.
“Earlier we found that there are 25 seats which we have hope but after investigation later the people have turned to the BJP and as now we have hope of 35 seats and we hope to lead ourselves. to the government in the state,” said Bah Ernest.
The people of Mylliem are wise, they are responsible and the people will judge”.
No one was injured in the incident as both the houses were empty at the time of the incident.
Police have been on high alert throughout the city and even elsewhere, following the protests in recent days by the Sengbhalang.
When contacted, according to some of the teachers who carried the iong flag, they said that the protest is not because the government has not listened to their demands for some time, but because the government has not They said that they will not refuse to take this step and if they continue they will continue to protest in the future and if they don't find it listened to they will take other measures.
In the Under 13 Girls (Single) category, Asem Chanu Shivani won the title and in the Under 13 Boys (Single) category, Haegan Diengdoh won the title.
The Parish of Pynthorumkhrah as it is today is the work and fruit of the foundation of Rev. Peter Schiavon as the first Parish Priest because he was the founder, the builder of the church, the school, he was a preacher. , a helper to the poor, said Bah Dominic.
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today announced that Section 144 CrPC, which also prohibits the gathering of more than five persons, will be temporarily suspended. Ri Bhoi District is currently in the midst of preparations for the celebration of its 25th Anniversary.
TURA, Naiwieng 20: The 7th Bilgaro Car Rally held in Tura on Saturday came to an end with Ronan Bazeley of Shillong winning the title of Bilgaro Car Rally. He won the overall championship and came first in the Car category.
Thus the Word of God clearly states that if any people do not have faith and do not trust in Him, God will reject them, just as Noah rejected the people who turned to his ark.
Work on this section is almost complete.
Momin, 22, from Darangagre.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, said that the protest to remove the leader is ongoing but the final decision depends on the majority of the MLAs. Many don't trust the leader anymore, but if they still trust, there is no leadership.
They bring new seeds and plants, and one of them is wheat.
The People's Liberation Army (PDA) has refused to leave the area near Pangong Lake despite hours of talks in Moldo on Sunday. News 18 reported.
The RBSU leaders have met with the DC of Ri Bhoi District to express their concern over the insults and harassment of the youth in Ri Bhoi District. Many of the youth in Ri Bhoi District, do not get the opportunity to apply for jobs in many government departments as announced through the DSC. Bah Amberlight Masharing, said that during the meeting with the DC, the union urged the DC of Ri Bhoi, to allow first and put forward the youth of Ri Bhoi, that is, It is for those youths who have completed their higher education and who are qualified to become employees in these government departments.
Shillong: Former MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Friday said that many of the leaders in the state have not read the ILP and this has led to misleading the people. in the state.
Shillong: The National People's Liberation Council (NLP) on Tuesday said that the peace talks between the three parties, including the state government, the central government and the illegal HYnniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLLL) HNLC) should not move forward.
This is the power of God which no other power can resist the power of the Creator.
Two houses belonging to a mother and daughter, the house of Kity Thongni and Olinda Thongni on the evening of 10th June 2023, were destroyed by fire and 4 people were killed were injured in the incident.
After the news of holding elections in the state where the BJP is now in power, the BJP has tried to meet with many ethnic groups and put up statues of leaders. the leaders of the state.
Before the release, the GNLA had informed the family members of the BDO that it would release him.
According to him, all the expenses will be covered by the Tourism Department of the state government but the government has to make some preparations for any emergency needs that may arise during the festival.
Paul said the construction of these ICDS Centers will be in phases.
The government has recently amended the Amendment Ordinance, 2016, to prohibit the nomination of parliamentary secretaries.
The MJA has decided to change the name of the NEFC to the North East Games (NEG) in a memorandum submitted to the Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee, T.Meinya. , MP from Manipur in the presence of 17 other MPs at a meeting convened by the Sports Authority of India, JN Sports Complex Polo Ground Shillong.
Ardent said the report of the Inquiry Committee submitted by Guwahati High Court Judge V. Teipei also did not acknowledge the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. , such as recklessness.
If they pay taxes they have to pay only five percent and the government helps them with two percent, and if the government helps with two percent, it has been a help and benefit for them.
Laloo said this while speaking as the Chief Guest at the Workshop cum Exhibition organized by the Ministry of Agriculture and Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday to mark the International Year of Millets. 'Millets for Nutritional Security' held at All Saints Hall, Shillong.
However, at 12:30 pm, the woman gave birth to a child and the family members who were present called the nurses to come immediately, but the nurses did not come and explained in the phone call how to do something. you can't drink.
KHNAM has urged all office workers, school children and drivers to wear iong flags on this day to show their opposition to violence against women.
In Mylliembah, it was seen that only electrical signs were standing on the roadsides and at the parking lots, along with the wires that the people used to charge.
The need for responsible and sincere leadership is more important now than ever.
Other speakers were Kordorius Mylliem (Vice President Yuva Morcha), Hosparly Kharmuti (President Sohiong Mandal), Dondor Rumnong (I/C EKHD) and Bat Kharnaior.
Abonmai was abducted by members of the National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN-IM) from Tamenglong on Tuesday and his body was later found covered in blood. , just 7 kilometers from the place where he was kidnapped.
Regarding the allegation, Bah Majaw said that he did not go to buy stolen cows from Khanapara market as alleged but he went with his brother, Bah Yelloy Majaw who is also known as Bah Lung.
In the 75 kg category, the first prize went to Andy L.Mylliem Umlong (Institute of Software Technology), the second prize went to Tolammame Mylliempdah (Shillong College) and the third prize went to Bamang Tajik (St.Dominic College). , New).
“After I had finished talking to her, she said that the allegation was due to a misunderstanding on her part and the news that the death of her child in her womb was due to “The stinginess of the hospital is wrong because this mother knew before she came here for treatment,” she said.
Speaking after inspecting the groups taking part in the Republic Day Parade as usual as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor said that last year the state has experienced peace and stability. They also went ahead to resolve the border issues between Meghalaya and Assam.
Therefore, I am filled with a spirit of gratitude and praise to our beloved Late Most Archbishop Dominic Jala for his selflessness for the sake of God's salvation. my soul is mine.
Shillong: U Superintendent of Police Shillong City, Bah Vivek Syiem today said that it is necessary to raise awareness among the public on the importance of following the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
At the school, those who passed as well as those who failed were distributed in front of the parents and fellow students.
Shillong: U Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar today raised a issue in the Legislative Assembly on the delay of the District Selection Committees (DSCs) in convening the recruitment examination.
Also present were Assistant Professor Jamphrang Lyngdoh, Samdy Myrchiang and others.
Nongpoh, March 26: Margareth Pathaw of Umsning has won the gold medal in the World Arm Wrestling Championship KSU, RBDSA, Umsning Town Dorbar, school children and the public today welcomed the deceased and 9 others who went to receive the deceased. Participants in the tournament who arrived in the state today.
On the opening day of the Under 17 (boys) tournament, Byndihati SS beat Divine Word SS 1-0 while Little Flower SS beat 0-0 Chiehruphi SS beat Rymbai Presbyterian HSS 4-1 while Wapung SS beat Sutnga Presbyterian SS 4-0 in the Under-1 In Dkhiah West, Chieruphi SS beat Rymbai Govt SS 7-0, Musniang SS beat Little Star SS 5-0 In the Under 17 category, Dkhiah East beat Wapung SS 3-2, Khula Malang beat Byndihati SS 2-1 and Lotus 2-2 SS beat Morning Glory 1-0
Nongpoh: A special meeting was held between Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh and senior government officials in Ri Bhoi District. Bhoi, Bah N.Lamare, SP Ri Bhoi and other officers from various government departments in the district to discuss and create measures to prevent the spread of the disease the COVID-19 pandemic.
That was the first lockdown of the Lyngngam because they were afraid of that Rakot.
It is for this reason that the demand of the Sengbhalang for our nation is closer to reaching its goal and has not been able to rise because until now many of us Khasi are still slaves in the slave trade. and that is why we are strong.
Ma Johnwyne Lyngdoh is also the General Secretary, Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Staff Association (JHADCSA).
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 138, NGH: 3, RBD: 35, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 14, WGH: 4, WJH: 12 and WKH:
Hopefully in 2020, God will take away the wealth that the rich can no longer use and give it to the poor so that the poverty will no longer be lost.
Sarma later joined the BJP and was Education Minister during his tenure in the Tarun Gogoi government.
Lajong also beat Malki in the first innings on 23rd November.
There are currently 1,73,763 cases, of which 86,422 are still infected, 82,369 have recovered and 265 have died in the past 24 hours. There were 4,971 cases.
They were in a vehicle bearing registration number AS-12-Z-7069 which was trying to smuggle into India through Kuliang village, but the villagers arrested them. When they reached the roadside of Kuliang village, they also arrested two other persons suspected to be involved in this case. John Patwad and Jingieit Suting who helped these Bangladeshis to pass through Kuliang village.
However, it should be remembered that India is a country of many States or Hima as mentioned in Article 1 of the Constitution and is also a country like the United States.
Speech was delivered by Hamjhan Dkhar, General Secretary of the Dkhar National Union.
There is no such thing as a Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram or Lyngngam ethnic group as it has been misled by many of our brothers and sisters who have lost their traditional knowledge and knowledge. .
"When he got home last night he kept asking about what he was thinking yesterday.
The protesters blocked vehicles on the Jaipur-Agra highway in Dausa and burnt down the tyres.
A team of New Bongaigaon GRP and Jogighopa Police Station released the suspects and arrested Zahiruddin.
These Himai have taken a decision today and initially they will send a letter to the Chief Minister to review the MoU and if the Chief Minister and his Cabinet agree. This decision was taken at a meeting of the authorities from the three Himas today at the Dorbar of Syiem Raid Marwet in Baridua, Ri Bhoi. .
Shimmers 7.
Almost all the roads in Shillong and especially the roads in Nongthymmai, Garikhana, Demseiniong area have deteriorated due to the endless snowfall which has disrupted the traffic of the people. The traffic department has been asked to fill the gaps themselves as shown in the media especially during this Christmas which is one of the great seasons for Christians around the world and also in this state. BJP Meghalaya Vice President Wankitbok Pohshna has appealed to the state government to take immediate action to free the people from the problems. Because of the poor condition of the roads in the villages so that the Christmas celebration will be a success in the villages and not just to worry about the lack of roads.
She said Thomas Jones was a missionary whom many who did the same work were difficult to understand because his efforts were not relevant to that time.
The party also alleged that this peace festival has no purpose and benefit to bring about such understanding.
“We have the desire and desire to bring about development in our areas so even after the government has not commissioned the 2 Lane road but we have the right to demand from the relevant departments. to do what is necessary,” said the statement.
“One of these issues is on the nomination of Unrepresentative Tribe where the committee has not listened to the opinion, where they have sent to amend the Unrepresentative Tribe and they should put only Nominated Tribe in the committee. It is up to the Governor to choose whom to elect and this will cause confusion especially during the Dorbar because until now in the Dorbar of the Council they still speak in their own language.
The Waheh Shnong of Sohkymphor, Bah Kmen Dkhar and the Secretary of the Village Water Sanitation Committee, Shimphang Lyngdoh, received the Swachh Bharat Champion Award The awards were presented by Prof SevenDar Dkhar.
“On the other hand, the Minister of Education said that the inability to pay the salaries is due to the fact that the State Government has not released the amount of T.44.36 crore and the delay in the release of the Central Government. The money to the Government of Meghalaya has affected the SSA teachers,” said Bah Aristotle.
However, he said that the picture was true and the book was found this morning in the ground floor of the church in Qualapatty.
Opening the programme, the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla said that the aim of the program is to ensure that the responsibility of the ruling parties is not limited to Parliament and the Legislative Assemblies. states, but also in communities.
W.Mawsor,GS.@1".
Shillong: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma regarding the holding of Cabinet meetings in the districts, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has suspended the meetings. Regarding the expenditure for the two Cabinet meetings held in Tura and Jowai, the Chief Minister said that the expenditure was T.19, 18, 221/- tyngka and The purpose of this is to bring the services of the government closer to the people.
The last moments between Sohlyngngem and Rynniaw are truly heartbreaking. They didn't have the opportunity to meet and see each other anymore. Spiton Kharakor wrote that the Valentine's Day of Ri Bhoi District.
He ordered his servants to kill a bull for the feast and to dress his prodigal son in new shoes and clothes.
Besides the Ministers, the Government has also invited the Parliamentary Secretaries to salute across the state. In Amlarem, Bah S Mukhim, DrC Lyngdoh in Patharkhmah and Bah KC Khyriem in Mawshynrut. Mr. David Nongrum, Chairman, Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation; in Shangpung District by Bah Robinus Syngkon, Parliamentary Secretary.
At 7:30 pm, the Head together with the teachers were preparing to start the dance of the students who wanted to dance.
Aitilut Kyndait, one of the visitors, said that not only are the foods edible, but they are beautiful to look at and no doubt they are also nutritious.
The petrol pump is to pay compensation for the destruction of the forest and the filling of the streams with soil where people can no longer wash their clothes in these streams.
“There used to be four, but the Keating Road was recognized by the Rangbah Shnong three or four years ago and now there are only three,” said the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. “He is a Khasi,” he said. “If you are a Dkhar or a Khasi, you can become a Rangbah Shnong.
The High Court said, “This is unacceptable in such a bright country and it is shameful to see the pictures of the road. The court should remind the Central body of NHAI, besides that this is the road where vehicles carrying essential goods pass through this road and such a condition of the road causes traffic jam. you're going to leave.
Shillong, Nailar, 05: Students of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHUSU) have blocked the gate-2 of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHUSU) campus. The NEHU authorities have not provided buses to transport the students who have to write the 2nd Semester examination on the 5th of July, .
These are the limiting factors.
The village authorities have been directed to take information about the living conditions of the residents in their villages and this will make it easier for the police to investigate the illegal activities of such people.
UnquoteTherefore, the above Regulation No.5 of 1952 is a powerful Act to repeal or amend an Act of Parliament or a Legislative Assembly or any other Act.
After this, the Minister of State for Child Development, accompanied by the President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Marwrie and other leading leaders of the BJP, met with the Archbishop Fr Victor Lyngdoh. Fr Richard Majaw and others at his residence at Laitumkhrah Cathedral.
One of the most prominent programs of this meeting was the awarding ceremony of four members of the Catholic Association of Shillong Archdiocese, namely, 1) Bah Stepan Min Pohrmen, 2) Bah A. Weslian Khonglam, ) Mrs. Enis Deborah Suting and 4) Mr. Godwin M. Roy Lakiang for their valuable services to the Association.
“The mourning of the people from the women from each village, who have been forcibly deported to Assam, has shocked not only the residents of the Hima as a whole.
Shillong, November 4 :After the recent social peace agreement between the United National Liberation Front (UNLF), the Government of Manipur and the Government of India on 29th November, 2023, about 25 leaders/members of the National Revolutionary Front Manipur (NRFM) led by Major Boicha (Vice Chief of Army Staff of NRFM) with 25 weapons joined the UNLF on November 2,
There was a longer conversation between God and Moses.
Police are still searching for those involved in the shooting that day, according to a police statement.
However, as the permission from the district authorities is only for three days, we will return to work from Friday,” said NGEA President Brithen Sangma.
Langsning SC (SSA), Rangdajied FC (SSA), Umdiengngan SC (Ebsa),
Isn't it time for the government to budget a Head of Emergency Expenditures so that when officials of the Government of India and abroad visit, it will not affect the right contractors? he shall not do his work in the evening.
Chyne expressed his regret over the government's decision to send a person who has been rejected and has bad marks from another place, and said that the Sohra area is an area that has suffered from the attempt. foreigners to immigrate, and if such a forced registration occurs, it will put pressure on the entire region.
Speakers at the service included Dr. Zsofia Sztranyicki, Executive Director of the International Women Convocation of Unitarians and Universalists and Rev. (Kong) Darihun Khriam, Minister of the Unitarian Union North East India.
“In fact, MeECL has called tenders from the groups to take an estimate of the terminal benefits but even so, the estimate we have received is not less than Rs 3000 crore,” said DharHaba. “We are pleased and congratulate the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who has promised to take action to create the mechanisms to pay this amount,” said Bah Dkhar. the money to the workers.
Therefore, to prevent the entry of people into these areas especially in the evening, the area will be fenced off and a gate will be installed by the Forest Department.
“It is the duty of the District Council to protect the people from insults or attempts to violate their rights,” said Bernard.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 7: Three organizations including the WKSU Central Body, MYF and UHM, have demanded from the Deputy Commissioner of Nongstoiñ to implement the necessary measures to burn garbage and other items. used by the people who have settled in the villages of Nongstoiñ town area.
Irani wrote on Twitter that she had tested positive for covid-1
These houses are located in Nongkyna Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, where the strong wind and heavy rain, have destroyed some parts of the house, but no one was injured. were injured.
The two machines were part of the Umiam Hydropower Project.
Not only that, there has also been a lockdown of farming, trade, markets, schools, places of worship, and many others. earth.
He said that he campaigned by helicopter while Chief Minister Mukul Sangma campaigned by helicopter.
The Minister said that there are many schemes, such as FOCUS, CM-ELEVATE, and PRIME which have been implemented to improve these areas.
The Principal of Sacred Heart Girls, Sister Lydia Pala, sisters, teachers, children of various schools and others were present on the occasion.
NEHUSU has talked to the heads of universities to conduct the examination with the previous marks rather than the online examination.
In the first half, the Galaxy took the lead from the penalty spot after the match ended in a draw.
Nongpoh: Two Night Super Buses were seized by the Ri Bhoi District Police at 1:30 pm today at a check post at Lumdiengan, Ri Bhoi District.
However, they have received electricity from the RGVVY scheme, which is a scheme of the central government.
According to the report, the State Government has launched a tender for the purchase of a helicopter to serve the VIPs. the high cost of purchasing a helicopter and the high cost of maintenance.
The CBI has found that all these MPs had provided fake tickets and passes at their residences and had received all the fees during their trip.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta was established through the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act to fight against corruption by Government Servants in the State.
He said that this participation of women will bring many benefits and changes in the society by encouraging and encouraging them to work harder to achieve their goals and become a women's leader. be an example to others.
“It is unfounded to demand taxes suddenly especially when the college has been established since the time of the British rule,” said the KSU General Secretary Samla Donald V. Mountainous.
We are not going to stop the violence,” he said.
Our state has some inevitable problems, but what is more difficult in terms of income is that we are not intelligent or skilled in generating gene-rate revenue for the state and neither are we working with knowledge.
Alvin Sawkmie has a relationship with the HSPDP MLA from Mawthadraishan, Shakliar Warjri.
“It's like they say that Assam is the death penalty”.
This happened just two months after the team unexpectedly ended its World Cup journey in Bhubaneswar in July in the 16th round.
During the visit, he met with the BSF troops and discussed with them regarding the security measures on the border with Bangladesh. .
Furthermore, it is expected that these FM Transmitters, which were inaugurated by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on this day, will benefit the people of the area through their programmes. to entertain and provide information to the residents who like to listen to 'Radio'
The Meghalaya Resident and Safety Act is still pending in the Governor's House.
The Council of Catholic Women of India (CCWI) was established in 1964 with the aim of empowering and empowering women in urban, rural areas of the region and the country.
The vehicle was handed over to the IVCS Mynsngat leaders at a short meeting held at Mynsngat with the Waheh Chnong Linusphrangki Phawa, Mynsngat Village Secretary Precious Pale and others.
And God also created the son of man.
However, these sports festivals have been difficult to hold this season, while there is no vaccine to cure or prevent the spread of Covid-1
The MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has attracted more than Rs 10,000 crore in foreign investment and most of this is grant while in 2018 it has attracted only Rs 2,300 crore. amount.
In the afternoon, the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. RL Bishnoy, who was the Chief Guest, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MLA Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MLA Mawryngkneng Constituency, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh in his speech to the youth reminded them to live a holy and free life. everything.
Throughout the day, the RBYF leaders had a meeting with Kong A.Majaw, where they had a meeting with the MePDCL officer, and expressed many of the problems faced by the MePDCL. electricity consumers and especially those experiencing a sudden increase in electricity bills.
It is to be recalled that Bah Michael Warjri, for a while, appeared as one of the heroes in the state, after he fought hard to prevent the invasion of the Assam border in the village. to the extent that this old man was shot by the people and who completely destroyed his house.
However, the KSA leader said that it could lead to a similar incident like in Manipur if their land goes to Meghalaya.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Leningstar Rymbai has distributed 10 kg per household.
He said that this is the first time in Ri-Bhoi to receive this scheme for the improvement and development of sports in the district. for the benefit of the youth and expects that the implementation of this project will start soon at this place.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the deaths of three persons in the floods in Baghmara and one in Siju, South Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 31: U Lopina Kharsyntiew, 42, of Patarim, Block-II, Mawlai, Shillong, has gone missing while driving a truck (ML). -05J-5058, has been missing since the 21st of this month.
Bah Lurman said that the Dorbar Shnong expresses that this donation of food items by PAT is a great blessing at this time as many of the residents are in need in all aspects.
As the students' union, the KSU also urges the students to work hard and focus on their studies so that the honor of the family and the country and the nation will move forward.
Cars and motorcycles kill and injure children almost every day.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie, President of MCPF, announced the activities of this school. have mercy on me.
The General Secretary of the union, Bah Genrerous Warlarpih, said that the shops that have been closed in the market are those that don't have cows anymore and those that are open are those that still have more cows. “They are shops that can go around to buy cows from the state,” he said.
In the North East, NABH has requested to conduct a one-day training program at NEIGRIHMS by registering faculty and residents who wish to join.
The Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MDA) provides training in many areas for youth and farmers to set up cooperatives.
He said that 80 per cent of the people in the state depend on agriculture for their income and without their contribution it is impossible to develop the country. get the court of the state.
Finally, he said that the farmers have tried to work hard to develop methods to prevent stem death and rot, but they have not succeeded because it is the job they have been doing for a long time. They don't know how to do other jobs and if the government doesn't help them, the farmers will stay in darkness.
“The government has not yet filed its reply to my complaint to clean up these rivers,” said Bhattarcharjee.
Shillong, June 20 : Meghalaya's players showed their skills by scoring 2-2 goals against Kerala in the Santosh Trophy. The match was played on Tuesday evening at the Payyanad Stadium, Manjeri, Kerala.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) at Daimasi Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
He said that there is no leadership struggle within the party as it appeared in the past and the party has to listen to the voice of the higher authorities.
[On behalf of Rupang, we would like to inform our dear readers, if you want to wish that Bah UN Sun, will rest, please send a short message to Rupang's mobile phone Thank you for your recovery, bah UN SUN I will pray for you and your family.
In his speech, he strongly condemned the incident of violence in Mukroh village in Laskeiñ Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
The four-legged elephant killed four people on 29th March in Goalpara District and to avoid any increasing danger, the forest department officials planned to take it to Orang, but they did not. The residents believe that if it is placed there, the robber will repeat his attacks on Bin Laden and will kill more people in the area.
(Lord Overall).
“Other DCs are also skilled but the difference with this one is that he is smart enough to inform through social media like Facebook about his work while others don't want to reveal it,” he said. Bah Macmillan.
Thousands of people from Ri Bhoi District attended the ceremony in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, Symbut Myntri. Prestone Tynsong, NPP State President Dr WR Kharlukhi, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister In-charge of Urban Affairs, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Symbud Myntri of the State, u Prestone Tynsong, Ampareen Lyngdoh and Jason Mawlong have appealed for the support of the people of Umsning Constituency and Ri Bhoi to win the 2023 elections in the state.
Through this request, many of them have donated and the amount donated by the youth and others has reached 1,75,300 tyngka.
As long as the people are foolish about money, they will have foolish leaders.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayraldborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh, Bah KK Mawa, SE, PWD Building, Shillong, Bah Vincent Syiem, Syiem of Raid Nongtluh; Bah JM Syiem, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Village Leaders and others.
Sniawbhalang Dhar in his speech remembered the elders of Seiñraij Ummulong in the past who worked hard in the preservation of the religion and customs and also proclaimed the name of (L Kambel Shullai said that the ability of (L) Kambel Shullai to launch the Eco-Friendly Crematorium is a pride for the country and the nation.
“If the meat buyers want to see the meat before buying, they can send it first,” she said. She said that there is a law if the rules are violated, especially in relation to the dairy shops. She said that these shops have violated many rules and she has ordered them too. to clean the shops before they open.
However, surprisingly, there are buyers who bring illegal challans from other places (such as Narpuh District.
“Due to the success of the discussions and agreements between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, they have decided to resolve their border issues starting from the seven disputed areas,” he said. Rai's reply was not submitted to the Rajya Sabha.
The group will also discuss that the army should return the land which has not been used for the construction of parking lots, children parks, public outlets, community halls and other necessities. public.
Shillong: K. Nongbri (50) and R Lyngdoh (52) scored the goals for Madanriting SC on Saturday night by 1-0 to Diliengiem SC.
On this day, essay writing, drawing and other competitions were also held to promote the use of energy from nature.
I don’t want the same thing to happen to others.
Several MDCs including Embhah, Lambor Malngiang, KP Pangniang and Manstudy Nongrem have immediately stood up and demanded that the tender value be paid. They also said that the EM's inability to respond to the KHADC should be suspended immediately and a new tender should be called. ong price while you want.
However, the leaders gave the ticket to Bah Lambor Malngiang, who is not a member of the party and has left many parties.
Shillong, June 20: Various ethnic parties, the NPP, civil society and religious leaders will have the opportunity to meet BJP President Amit Shah during his visit to the city on the 22nd of this month. June 10th.
These insights are believed to be a boon for how solutions are explored, Todd said.
“I’m happy to see this.
At the same time, he appealed to the leaders and the future government to take immediate action against this hospital and not to open and leave children alone because health is essential for all. .
In fact, the British Government had no intention of taking over the hill areas of the Jaintia Hills, but because Syiem Rajendra Singh did not want to be Syiem only in the hill areas of the Jaintia Hills, the British Government gave him with a pension of five hundred rupees a month.
At the same time, he said that there will be more places that will stimulate and stimulate the heart of the poet to get many things that benefit the body, mind and spirit.
He said that the search operation will continue and those who violate will be severely punished.
The HYC has announced to sit in front of Dr. Mukul Sangma's house to force the government to repeal the Ordinance
Speaking to reporters, the EM of Trade Department, KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that despite the opposition from the Chief Minister, the Trade Department will continue to close the shops. “There are still many shops in Laban, we will continue according to the law to close down those illegal shops of foreigners who do not have licenses,” said Bah Latiplang Kharkongor. If there is anything wrong, I will look at the law.
At the same time, through this media, the club would like to congratulate H.Elias HS Nongthymmai for winning the Subroto Cup 2019 Under 17 boys beat Bangladesh by 1 goal.
The record was set, W tons were set.
Besides, who doesn't want the BJP to be in the same government when the Central Government is led by the BJP? The feeling is that if the BJP is in the same household, more money and other assistance from the Central Government will flow to Meghalaya, but if there are other parties, the BJP may not give well. the share of the part.
“Police have not yet found who killed KSU member Lurshai Hynniewta or the policeman who shot dead Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
In the past few years, it has received a Rural Health Center run by Dr H. Gordon Robert Hospital Jaïaw which has been operating for more than two years.
He said that they will see tomorrow what decision they will take in this regard.
Others who were sworn in were Santosh Chowdhury, JD Seelam and NS Nachiappan, Children's Ministers, along with Manirao Gavit, Children's Minister from Maharashtra.
Rida's father replied, “It's enough, Father, that I don't see you anymore, because now that I'm in class 10, I should know.
Therefore, the proposal from Delhi, in the form of a sky survey, was immediately rejected, as they will throw a survey in the sky, in order to spread by these foreigners around the villages.
It was decided not to allow the witnesses to participate in the Rampyrthai ceremony at all times.
“In the implementation of Section 15(3) of the Right to Information Act 2005, the Governor of Meghalaya has appointed Heimonlang Nongpluh as IPS is the State Chief Information Commissioner of Meghalaya.
Overwell said that RTI has been sought from the same Block on how the PMKKKY scheme has been implemented in all the villages in the Sohiong Constituency.
There are no millions to repay parents in this world.
In addition, the BSF has suspended Moni Singh for shooting from his own SMG Barreta rifle and has taken him to the BSF Headquarters with orders to follow the strict rules. he was suspended.
The pastor recalled that after the meeting in Austria, he and Hopingstone Lyngdoh went to Germany for the uranium project and stayed there for a month, but had to return because Shillong was in the country. “It was during the time when Bah DD Lapang was the Chief Minister of the state,” said the Pastor.
MPCC President DD Lapang, Mawsynram MLA Pynshngain Syiem and other Congress leaders were also present at the campaign.
Although Demthring's players fought hard to turn the tide, they couldn't succeed and in the end they suffered a defeat.
“I as a mover will write a letter to the Speaker to allow us not to kill this motion and to keep it so that we can discuss it in the next session and on Monday I will write to the Speaker. “I have sent a letter to the Commissioner Secretary to keep it alive so that we can discuss it in the next session,” said Bah Renikton.
This is also the first time that the residents of the village have been able to witness the talents of the villagers.
Two BSF personnel were also injured.
There is another saying, “Old is Gold” or the old is gold.
The VPP has members from Nongkrem, Mawlai, Shillong North and Mawryngkneng, but they advocate for all the 47 constituencies in the state, except for the 24 constituencies. from Garo Hills because they are fully concerned about their fellow citizens.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The preparations for the cleaning of the village roads in Lynshing, Mawkynrew C&RD Block have brought a lot of joy to the residents and this has prompted the village leaders to express their gratitude. for the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
According to Schedule 9, the Chairman, Chief Executive Member and Executive Members or MDCs of the District Council, Autonomous District or any other member shall not be elected but shall be elected by this amendment.
Therefore, when comparing the ILP with the Entry & Exit Point, the ILP is still better than the E&E Point.
The Nongthawaiñ of Nongkrem constituency, said, “If we look at the reservation policy, it is very sad and we should stop the recruitment and recruitment of new jobs until we can resolve the reservation policy. the reservation policy”.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the state government can lodge a complaint against the The Branch Manager of the State Bank of India, Khliehriat has tested positive for Covid-19 today.
It is the duty of political parties to educate and lead everyone to understand the roots and issues of the political foundation as well as the foundation of the parties, so that they will not be like those who are shrieh in the hand of the shrieh.
Later came the Niewshong Marshra, the Pahshong Puwein, the Liarksan Sohphoh, the Monpah Marshra, the Laipyrdi Puwein and the Marshra Pharmuit. who are still alive today, except for Niawni Puwein who passed away in
If the state had not had this protection, the villagers would have been overwhelmed by other ethnic groups in a short period of time, but even so, since the time of the Assam government, many departments and Headquarters offices have been allowed to longtrai land in the state.
I believe that those who have it are the best.
Besides, it was said that the invasion of Assam is against the feelings of the people of the area who do not want to fall into Assam.
There were also MDCs from Mawphlang, Donevan Kharwanlang from Sohra and Jansing Tynsong from Lyngkyrdem.
The Sumo was owned by Nongsohphan village and Pyrnai village.
Police opened fire on the robbers and two of the policemen were also injured in the shooting,” the report said.
He said that there are about 50-60 doctors who have gone to study the specialist line.
Speaking to media, Bah Lamphrang Blah, expressed his gratitude to all the friends within the UDA who have accepted him as Chairman of the KHADC and congratulated the party. Congress which has not nominated its candidate because this shows that they have given their cooperation and accepted him as a candidate in this Chairman election.
It is learned that last night there was a robbery by robbers in Pahamsyiem and in this regard, the police are conducting a thorough investigation to track down the perpetrators.
Therefore, they have a superstition that when they go to church, they go to meet God.
There were 56 people involved in the case, but 7 of them died during the trial and two became witnesses to the incident, one confessed to the crime and one the other was acquitted, of the charge.
He said that the reason why the people have supported him is because they have seen that he is indeed a man who has that hope, if he gets the UDP ticket and whom the people themselves feel will reach the goal of victory.
“As leaders, before we decided to include this in the election, we have discussed, we have decided...it is not a decision to mislead the public.
Noting that his speech in the House was only a suggestion to the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul accused the Prime Minister of taking the matter outside the House to suggest that the legal notice should be issued. should be sent to the Prime Minister.
The Pynursla constituency was led by Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State.
He said it is a challenge to shape the society and the country as a whole.
On 16th November, Gokhale wrote a letter to the Lokayukta to reconsider the decision on the appeal.
The residents are advised to collect their goods from the Fair Price Shop Centers in their villages.
The crowd that had blocked the gate of the Legislative Assembly did not allow the leaders to leave until they made a decision.
There are 11 students who have been awarded first division with distinction.
He also congratulated and encouraged the students who have done well in the SLLC Examination and the students who have passed in the SLLC Exam. He also urged them to be children who are determined and eager to reach their goals. He said that they should not rely on others but should work hard for themselves. Moreover, poverty should not hinder their education.
“The government has not tried to end the protest or bring peace and order, but has remained silent,” said UDP Working President Bah Paul.
Others who have filed their nominations are former UDP MDC Bhawan Chyrmang from Saphai constituency and Pyrkhat Pyrphet from Barato Mukroh constituency as independent candidates against NPP MDC Ri ioo Sten.
In the men's category, Sanki Lyngdoh (Raliang) came first, Sandakirang Suchiang (Raliang) came second and Niwanki Tyngkan (Nongkynrih) came third.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Chief Executive Member of the VPP, will continue its public hearing on the Reservation Policy on 10th June Hundreds of people attended the meeting at Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District.
The hearing of the case has been fixed for October
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of the Seng, Bah Marshall Nonglait, said that the Seng's intention to visit Majai village was after there was an allegation that Bangladeshi authorities They have violated the order of the Meghalaya High Court which bans trucks from carrying more than 12 tonnes but, according to information received by the union, the district authorities have not done anything despite the Coal trucks of Bangladeshi authorities carry 20-24 tonnes of coal which has caused the Government to lose revenue.
Those who intend to revive the party, did not say the exact reason, but it is believed that it was the betrayal of their leaders when they joined the NPP to join. However, the promises have not been fulfilled as they expected when they raised the flag of the PDF to join the NPP after the 2023 MLA elections.
According to Rupang, the rumor in Rambrai constituency is that World Champion Paliar, one of the youths of Rambrai constituency, has been elected as the candidate of the HSPDP.Shuh The HSPDP Rambrai party has not yet decided on the candidate for the upcoming election and will announce it soon.
Theology should guide the mission of the Church.
He said that these people are facing many problems in the backwardness of development projects, because it is impossible to provide development opportunities, due to the border dispute between the two states.
The two IAS officers who are Assistant Secretaries of central government departments include Pratap from the Rural Development Department and Anu from the Panchayati Raj Department.
KHNAM has expressed its surprise that according to the reply to the RTI, received from the Personnel Department of the Government of Meghalaya on 5th November, 2023, it has been informed that there are no departments registered through the roster register.
Two thousand years ago when Jesus came to earth; wars, plagues, famines, and worse diseases occurred in the world.
“Dr. Jemino is with the State Government and any candidate nominated by the Government has won and that is the history of Meghalaya,” said Ma Thombor while speaking at a public meeting at Namdong on Thursday.
Shillong, November 29 : The Meghalaya BJP on Friday welcomed former MeECL Engineer, Bah Allan K Suchiang and his supporters at the BJP headquarters. Superintendent Engineer MeECL was welcomed by BJP State President Ernest Mawrie in the presence of the Minister of State and BJP MLA from Shillong South, Sanbor Shullai and other party leaders.
We remember that in the days of the children of Israel how the king of Egypt (Pharaoh) was jealous when the children of Israel multiplied and grew.
The pastor prayed lookdown, “Ah Blei, this Shot Snaitang is no longer your man, because now he is outside your house.
She said that the price of 1000 tyngka alone cannot provide for the household and the government should support this demand to increase the fee from 1000 tyngka to 5000 tyngka. months to 12 months per year.
I want an investigation into this.
The employee is an Excavator Operator of LUMPL , and LUMPL has expressed its deep sorrow over the death of its employee I took over the house in Phlangkaruh, Shella, but the work was done by another company.
The Garo Youth Union (GSU) has expressed its support for the proposal of Bah Adilbert to have its own MDCs in the KHADC. Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Autonomous District Council.
The meeting was also attended by the DC Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah W. Nongsiej, Pa'iem P. Manik Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, other government officials and village leaders.
“We have held a meeting today and it is at this meeting that the officers appointed to oversee and improve all the works, are pleased to suggest to the government that it would be better to move. or postpone the date of the tournament, because the dates that have been announced initially are very short days,” said Bah Banteidor.
The KSU has accepted the proposal that the Malidor River should become the National Boundary.
Other speakers included the General Secretary of the RBYF, Bah L.Sawkmie who said that before the meeting, there was a lot of concern and doubt among the RBYF. Where will the ILP protest go, but the turnout of the crowd who filled the student square has encouraged the political parties to continue the protests.
The mother alleged that her son was beaten and bombed by the five men who were armed with deadly weapons.
The Dorbar Shnong of one of the villages in West Khasi Hills District has not yet lodged a complaint or report with the police even after the village has completed a thorough investigation and held a dorbar. to inquire from the villagers, saying there were 22 more children suspected of abuse and 15 others whom he tried, but with a fight got away.
It is suspected that these robbers kidnapped these two men with the intention of stealing the vehicle.
She said that the lack of roads has caused a lot of problems to the people, not only to transport food items, but also to get health facilities because 7 villages in the area do not have land. care.
He said that during the lockdown, the boat owners have been in trouble because there are no tourists and the boats have to be parked near the river. It was very difficult to send it because I didn't have enough money.
Shillong: U President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Party (VPP) today strongly condemned the state government for passing a law on vacancy in the state. The government will bring many evil deeds that will destroy the whole nation.
However, the match of the U-17 men's category was between Umdihar Presbyterian Secondary School and Evershine English Secondary School. They showed their skills in which despite many attempts from both teams to score, no one could score.
I have already mentioned the Executive, Administrative and Judicial authorities who have authority over forests, land, water, rivers, markets and trade (including Excise), to consider the laws stipulated in the Standstill Agreement 1947, and those amended through the Annexed Agreement at the time of signing the Instrument of Accession. which was accepted and incorporated into the Dominion of India in
Rympei PIP beat Friends United 1-0 in the final match played at the Mini Stadium, Wahiajer on Saturday.
Shillong, Lber, 10: The East Khasi Hills District Police Department on Tuesday announced a reward of T.1 lakh to anyone who can provide detailed information. The police have arrested those involved in the IED blast in Them Ïewmawlong on Saturday night.
If someone close to you expresses a desire for life and does not want to live anymore, it should be taken as a sign of a desire for help.
This practice of buying the people to support any candidate has become very common in our State.
Also present were Bankyrshan Lartang, Forwardman Nongrem, Blosdingwel Wanniang, office bearers of the Volleyball Association and other members of the DSO Mawkyrwat office.
According to Bah Ronnie, this is not the first time that the Lamphang has won the seat but such things have happened in the past years.
On this occasion, Prestone said that since the 1980s, the HSPDP has been demanding Khasi and Jaintia states and after that even the GNC has been demanding Garoland.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The District Election Officer of West Garo Hills, Tura has announced that according to a notice issued by the Election Commissioner of India (ECI) on October 28, that it is prohibited to notify the winners of the election, before or after the polling or to ask the voters who they voted for after they left the Polling Station, in connection with the Bye-election of Tura (ST) Parliamentary Constituency from 7 pm to 6 pm on the 16th June
Two-year activity reports were also obtained from some pregnancies, not all.
It was also decided to demand from all the State Legislative Assemblies of all the North Eastern States to demand from the Government of India to implement the UNDPRIP which is the UN Convention on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Shillong: The Art Exhibition of Riti Academy of Visual Art today held an exhibition of paintings by students. of this school in Umsohsun.
This does not mean that we should not oppose low-income or low-income jobs.
He said that when he was stopped by the BSF, he started recording videos of the border area and the BSF personnel on duty.
“This resignation of Mukul Sangma is not for my own benefit but for the sake of the state. After six months I will resign from the post of Prime Minister to be replaced by other MLAs,” he said.
There are seven Grass Root Centers in Mawkyrwat, Ranikor, Nongnah, Nongjri, Mariem and two in Mawthong and Photjaud. and they shall be opened in these days.
The two-day meeting was held on the theme “Government-MATGESA-Farmers: Governance Partnership” to discuss issues related to agriculture.
The Forgotten Folklore Project in collaboration with the Sauramandala Foundation organized the Hills Festival where there was a sale of food from different languages ​​amidst the beautiful music of Nikhil D'Souza's.
On the other hand, East Khasi Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 5-0, with Inrilaidor Khongthaw scoring two goals. The remaining goals were scored by Melaribha Lyngdoh, Ibashembha Khongsit and Ideibanrishisha Kharpan.
The KASHARI BADON-BUROM should have intervened by itself even if there was no PIL, as it does in other parts of the country, for the sake of the welfare of the country.
“What has happened in the past few months is proof that the Lok Sabha MP election 2014 is not a contest between the Congress and the BJP but a contest between the Congress and the RSS. The RSS and the BJP have done that,” Ramesh told reporters.
Shillong, Lber 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today promised that the state government will consider the issue of regularizing the recruitment of teachers in lower schools. Primarily non-governmental.
Both the matches of Group B will be played at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
In fact, I don't want to publish any political article, but as a person who has held the post of CEM twice in KHADC, I can't help but publish this article when I read the speech. The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya today (November 28, 2019) – “CEM OF KHADC TO BE INFORMED BY THE ANNOUNCEMENT: DY CM” – in which u The Dy.CM said that the State Government should recognize the DCA and the Cabinet should sit down to discuss the issue of the election of the CEM of KHADC. Let us turn to the Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous Districts; Quote “Rule 20 (1) : The Chief Executive Member shall be elected by the CEM – Quote “Rule 20 (1) : District Council and the other Executive Members shall be appointed by the Governor on the advice of the Chief Executive Member from amongst the members of the District Council.
Shillong: “If you support Pakistan, go to Pakistan,” said Union Minister in charge of Social Justice and Empowerment Ramdas Bandu Athawale while addressing a meeting of Adhock School teachers. at Malki Square.
The total number of cases has risen to 19,64,537 and the death toll to 40,699, the government said at 8 am.
There are only a few Asst Chemists and one Assistant Analyst.
On the part of the Secretary of Lumsashram Jalaphet Bri Sutnga, Emmon Chyrmang said that the village as a whole has expressed its gratitude to the MDC for the donation of these tins of soap and jerseys to the village.
He said that the passing of trucks without a license not only loses revenue to the government but is also illegal.
Another announcement was that from the 25th of this month, from 7 pm to 5 pm, there will be a curfew on the road. National Highway East Jaintia Hills District, in the evening, the union itself cannot force anyone, but it is only a request and request to all the drivers from within and outside the state as well as as a sign of solidarity to stop the traffic at night due to the silence of the NHAI, which has not taken action and has no responsibility to repair the road which has been destroyed and which has put even the “Your joint efforts will bring victory and will turn the deaf ears of the government and NHAI,” said the KSU-EJHDU leader. In the midst of the protest, the union requests that no one else should take advantage to cause trouble or riots.
When they reached the hill, Mother did not work without knowing what Father had promised to tell her.
Shillong, Nailar, 18: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Friday sent a letter to the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi on the allegation that there is no use of The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has been involved in a series of corruption cases in the installation of smart meters in the state.
The committee also expressed its anger over the inability of the committee appointed by the NGT on July 9, 2014 and especially against the government which has not taken any action to look after the The problem of the people, who live on their own and have produce from the mineral resources, which have already been extracted from the ground.
:The proper use of talent not only brings happiness but also brings happiness.
The Legislative Assembly on 21st October took part in a short debate on the allegation by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah that Meghalaya is a state. They visited the state in June this year.
According to a statement sent by Finely Pariat Secretary of MAA, he said that this is the first time to promote the children of the state in sports in preparation for the National Game
The implementation of Operation Karuna continues at the time of writing.
The purpose of the Nuncio's visit was to hand over the Pallium to the newly appointed Archbishop, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
Meanwhile, seven other states in the North East have won medals.
Other sources said that West Bengal is currently searching for five people who came from China to confirm whether they are infected with the virus.
The women's Top-G team includes Swayambika Sachar (Sway) (Captain), Shagufta Iqbal (xyaa), Nidhi Salekar (Stormyyy), Dilraj. Kaur Matharu (COCO), Aastha Nangia (CrackShot) and Priyanka Choudhary (ALEXAA) were substitutes and the team beat the opponents 2-1
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 29: West Khasi Hills District, the largest district in the state, is also the district with the lowest development works in terms of roads, water supply and sanitation. boarding.
Regarding the poor performance of the Congress in the five Assembly elections in Telangana, Rajasthan, Mizoram, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh, the Prime Minister said he does not want to comment on the performance. The party's failure in these elections is because it is the party's responsibility to decide how to move forward.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman of the RDA and UDP Leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said; “Today we have started to hold discussions on the preparations for the MP and MDC elections. We have decided to contest together in both these two elections.
Pinemount Warriors scored 18 baskets points while Sacred Heart 'B' scored only 11 baskets points, which led to the win. Certificates were also distributed to several girls from the state who have worked hard to promote sports for the 3×3 Khelo India U-17 Women's League. women within their own state.
These three Ordinances have been passed in the form of Amendment Bills or Bills and will be tabled in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, June 17: The first division football league match between Imson SC and Smit SC on Saturday ended without a goal. The teams had to score 10 points.
On this occasion, Ma Holando said how the council has issued the NOC when many of the land of the people will be affected and the area is 6000 to 8000 acres of agricultural land.
They also worked as shooters and quarrymen in the quarries and quarries in those areas.
The Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbars also said that the Government should ensure that there will be peace and order in these areas.
For more information, please call
Suddenly Bah Shanbor was surprised to see that Bah Let (Rangbah Shnong) came to his house in the evening with an elderly man.
If the former MLA and MDC of Mawlai fails to do so, Bah Ardent will appeal to the High Court.
At this time there were only a few people, including some VPP leaders and volunteers.
The nine students who did not pass the results of the SLLC examination announced by the MBOSE include Iconstar Wahlang, Mewas Wahlang, Porshalis Syngkli, Elvister Lapang, Bornali Samba, Sitalin Syngkli and Shaidalin Lyngdoh. , Ibanity Makri, Ponora Namsaw who also took the subject tourism who also alleged that the failure of their results was due to the teacher's mistake in giving internal marks.
Besides, the party also urges all the 35 Khasi MLAs to speak out on the issue of including the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule.
Russian tennis star Daniil Medvedev has fought back from a setback defeat at the Madrid Open for his qualification for the title. The pre-quarterfinal match of the tournament for the first time in his tennis career.
The General Secretary of the San Shnong Development Organization, Ma D Timung, said that they have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner regarding the bridge connecting Laskein Barato and other villages. fine.
These teachers also held a mass protest in Shillong last month to demand a salary increase for SSA teachers in the state.
Sometimes, we walk away blindly from the experiences of living together.
Laitkynsew is a place where religious preachers have come to study since ancient times and has a school and I hope that this village will produce many great thinkers to contribute to the society like Bah swell who is willing to contest even for the post of President of India,” said Bah Titos who promised to help in any way to improve the museum.
The name of Bah PT Sawkmie will now be remembered for the village of Kyntonmassar.
Speaking to media, u Bah Hek said that many of the residents of the state eat meat whether it is beef, pork, beef, goat and fish but everyone knows that the state does not eat meat. can provide for the needs of the flesh.
He said that at the Cabinet meeting on the 18th of this month, the incident will be discussed.
Expressing the need to bridge the shortage of specialists, staff and equipment, the AITC has promised to set up new Medical Colleges and to provide quality health care across the state.
Therefore, you must be able to live in peace and harmony.
“It is clear that this statement is unfounded and without looking at the facts and the intention is to create conflict, and at the same time to defame some political leaders who are fighting for change. the Reservation Policy,” he said.
“On the other hand, the president of the union, Kyrshan Blah, strongly condemned the doctor and asked the doctors whether they expelled a woman from the hospital and whether they came here to treat the patients. Whether you want to work as a private hospital or as a government employee, the union doesn't want to have such doctors in the hospital. The union wants to have doctors who can deal with the patients so that the patients can be more encouraged.
During the inspection, the AAP leaders found that many of the households who have been cut off from electricity receive bills ranging from T.20 to T.55 thousand per month.
On this occasion, Prestone announced that the Shad Sajer will be the most famous traditional dance in Ri Bhoi and on the day of the Shad Sajer he will hold talks with the government. for the purpose of declaring a public holiday in Ri Bhoi.
The Best Athlete of the U-19 men's category was won by Ïaineh Nongsiej and Monisha Basaiawmoit, both of Nongmynsong Presbyterian Secondary School.
Shillong, July 21: On Saturday, July 20, 2013, Shillong was in darkness due to the power outage of MeECL which started from 9 am to 5 pm which lasted until 8 hours straight.
Not only online media, but now rich people in the fields of music and film, get more encouragement through Google, than they should get from the government.
In the second half, Bengaluru FC replaced Sivasakthi Narayanan with Sunil Chhetri, and the Indian player changed the way the team played.
Thereafter, in accordance with sec 5(a), the D-Voter (Doubtful Voter) shall be allowed to verify his or her citizenship before taking a final decision.
I'm fine.
The ceremony was held in June for seven days including the Lei Long Raid, which was held at Mawnarian.
This High Priest struck the enemy like a wild beast only because his sword was as thick as the thylliej of a cobra.
In a statement, KJDSTA President Babu Kular Khongjirem said that KJDSTA has welcomed the request of the Joint Director to inform the schools that are late. to submit to the office and who make mistakes in submitting reports from time to time which has caused difficulties to those schools which are unable to provide on time.
We feel that we should urge the educational institutions for children and youth whether they are schools, colleges or universities to prepare them to become strong weapons of the future.
The DC has issued an order that all shops in Shillong should be closed by 10 pm to curb theft in the city.
On 28th July (November) a meeting was held between WPM, TUR and the Principal Secretary of the Labor Department of the State Government on the financial assistance promised by the Government and issued an order to be given to the workers. who lost their jobs during the pandemic and lockdown in
Shillong, July 15: U Governor of Meghalaya, Shri.V.Shanmuganathan, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the accident at Sonapur Mandir, East Jaintia Hills in which many people were killed. I would like to extend my condolences to all the relatives of the victims, according to a statement sent by MS Rao.
After that, he went to the house of Bah Let's youngest sister.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya U-19 boys faced a setback after Bengal set a target of 402/3 in 50 overs, while Meghalaya were bowled out for 56 runs in 35.2 overs. However, three wicket-taking bowlers of Meghalaya - Kshtij Singhania (1/36), Angkit Tamang (1/52) and Da-u-la-biang Shangpliang (1/59) – Shubham Rasaily scored 19 runs.
Many issues related to driving safety from driving licenses to sign boards on the roadside were also discussed.
Police in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday evening temporarily blocked all vehicles heading to Shillong on Umïam Road and ordered them to pass through the Umroi Airport-Umrynjah road. Mawlai, also known as the VIP road, while vehicles coming from Shillong, have been allowed to pass through the bridge as usual.
Some of the donations made by the Ktiews Trust to the Hospital include the support of the COVID Wards, the ARI Clinic, the machines for the maternity room, the construction of the maternity ward. , Advance Life Support Ambulance and other support.
“On the part of the Sengbhalang, they have expressed their concern over some of the villages which have been transferred to Assam and on this we have already shown the facts of history and also the reports that have been released. It was completed in 2011,” he said.
Das's remarks came after the 2,000 rupee notes were removed and he said that so far, 50 percent of the 2,000 rupee notes have been returned and this has reached T. 1.82lakh crore.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it clear that examinations should not be a reason to put students at risk to their health.
God said, “Because you allow that woman Jezebel, who calls herself a prophetess, but teaches lies and deceives the people of God.
The CBI has arrested Deputy Chief Engineer Rampal Dey, Senior Section Engineer (SSE) Santosh Kumar of NFR and a driver of a The company is owned by Sajjan Choudhury.
These cows belonged to Yielding Lyngdoh.
Speaking on the ongoing looting under the present government, Lamba mentioned many corruption cases including the collapse of the new Legislative Assembly, the expenditure during the Covid-19 pandemic. T.816 crore, the Saubhagya scheme and others.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
He is survived by his wife, 11 children and many grandchildren.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81575 out of which 78613 have recovered and 1405 have died.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has decided to open a player market for this season.
We hope to continue to provide medical support in order to make the country stronger," Mathur added.
It is worth mentioning that on the night of the 2nd of this month, these ten families, had eaten with Tit, but shortly after eating, they fell ill. , who rushed to the hospital in Nongpoh.
After testing, it was found to be heroin and 1.58 grams of heroin was seized from his body.
“According to the FIR, it is against Dan Pdahkasiej who is the owner of Bah Klining Kharnaior, not against Bah Don.
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic which has hit Meghalaya especially in Shillong, people have had to work while they can provide food for their families.
To celebrate this bird festival, the association on the 21st will hold a football tournament for men under 15 years and women under 18 years.
How can we limit only the small number of people? That means there is no rule for Bah AL Hek just because he is an MLA and that means there is no rule for the Prime Minister because he is the Prime Minister and there is no rule for the Governor just because he is the Prime Minister. u Lat but the rule should be the same for all the residents and not just for part of the residents”.
Amitabh Kant: Amitabh Kant is India's G20 Sherpa, who represents the country at the G20 and was formerly CEO of the NITI Aayog.
He said that in the last 10-12 years including nine years of Congress party rule, Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia has been lagging behind in development projects and all the development projects have been completed. Rilum Garo.
A total of 133259 samples have been sent for testing, 127589 samples have been negative and 937 samples are awaiting results.
The cemetery is located on top of a hill and has been in use since 1951 and has grown over time and is now one of the largest cemeteries in the country. in Ri.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that if the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare gives its approval, schools can be opened after the 15th of this month.
The OC said that the robbers, who numbered about 6 or 7 persons, stopped the bus on the road to Balat and when the bus stopped, they opened fire with pistols and knives. bus passengers and looted about Rs 2.50 lakh, only cash from the bus passengers, including other jewellery.
Samlin said that Bah Ardent is a true threat because he went to protest against the Lokayukta, but In the House, he did not say anything and Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the TMC and VPP are brothers.
Before the start of the training, a short meeting was held.
In an order issued on Friday, District Magistrate Jagdish Chelani said that the curfew imposed under Section 144 CrPC will be lifted from 5 pm on Thursday due to the situation. in Tura you went away.
