“What investigation can be conducted while the Director is in office.
Nongdawah CC managed to score 69 runs for the loss of all wickets in 17.1 overs.
Therefore, these few statements enhance the fact that the Jaintia (Pnar, War) and Khasi are one nation, not as written in books and explained by some to say that Meghalaya has three ethnic groups. major tribes, Garo, Khasi and Jaintia.
Man has a great value, (any man) the value of man is not the value of animals.
At the time of the election of the Lamphang, she also left the House to express her opposition to Mondal as Lamphang.
“Many students from rural areas cannot afford the rent in the city.
Khliehriat, Naitung 21: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced that the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSD) Shillong, Shillong, intends to select 120 candidates for the training program through Sector Skill Councils (SSCs) to enable them to set up their own training centers or to become part of an existing training center within their districts.
“Today, the political parties have not only talked about the Roster System but have also touched on some of the issues related to the Reservation Policy.
For example, the government creates districts and civil sub-divisions as it pleases without going through those steps,” said the Speaker.
It can also be near trees such as peach trees or even coconut trees.
7-Wasa United won the title after beating Ladthadlabob SC 2-0 in the final with these two goals from 7-Wasa United. Buromlangki Salahe scored the only goal for the team.
Thunderstorms, thunderstorms and thunderstorms, with speeds of 30 to 40 kilometers per hour, will be expected in some parts of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that if the police department or the home department suggests to the government to set up an inquiry into the allegation of misuse of AIG (A) Bah GK Iangrai has used his power alone to seize 29 police vehicles, the government will continue to conduct an investigation because the government does not hesitate to conduct investigations to find them. truth.
Although many letters have been sent to the JHADC, the people are still waiting for the JHADC to look into and intervene in this regard for the benefit of the people.
According to sources, one person has applied for a ticket from the VPP party from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah who is a resident of Pynthorumkhrah.
After the completion of the phing phlang, today, the 17th of March, the preparations for the annual ceremony and shad ainguh ai dem of the hima, have resumed. sop new to the house sad.
Hundreds of people including women and youth as well as various organizations of the district took part in the protest.
In these days, it has been seen that the drama of government formation in Meghalaya has turned into a very slow and sympathetic one for the ethnic parties.
It was also found that her face was covered with scars and she was suspected to have been shot by this man.
On June 24, BSF from Muktapur BOP seized 13 cows from two trucks passing through Amlarem Muktapur road.
He said that Andrew has supporters across the villages in Jowai constituency.
, Larsen & Toubro, LatentView Analytics, Licious, Manyawar, McKinsey & Company, Merilytics, Qwixpert, Uber and VIP Industries.
On 18/11/1980, the AASU submitted a Memorandum to the Government of India requesting for a new NRC.
The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint at Nartiang Police Station.
As we can see from the statement of the Minister of Tourism, the holding of this festival will benefit or increase the income of the state.
The sale and purchase in the Shnong Diengpasoh without the knowledge of the Shnong shall not be considered illegal, it shall be the decision of the Shnong as a whole.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Bakur will hold a cleanliness drive on the 21st November in preparation for Christmas and New Year.
Divorce is a very exciting experience for a person, where even the richest person experiences a great excitement after being separated from his or her spouse. Elon Musk, the owner of Tesla, has been arrested.
This action of these factories has strongly convinced the ECC that there is nothing wrong.
Three days after the incident, Bah Welking Dkhar lodged a complaint at Mawshynrut Police Station. When police asked the reason for the delay in lodging the complaint, the shopkeeper said that He said that he was not in the village and there were only his employees.
It can be understood that in India and in the government, the language Sahitya Sabha has become a bloodbath and has become one of the pillars of the Khasi Authors' Society.
:Despite the increase in the number of cases of JN.1 COVID-19 in the country, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that a new disease that does not exist today.
If you auction only 10 lakh metric tonnes of coal, 2 metric tonnes, how many years will it last?
These meat vendors said that this will improve the cleanliness of the meat because the buyers will not be able to touch the meat as it happened all the time.
He said the government will take action to improve agriculture in which the people will increase their income.
He said that the central government will provide the necessary assistance to promote this method of farming without pesticides in Meghalaya.
However, the traders did not go to the new market and many of them continue to buy cows from the old market in Khanapara.
“Yes, we have already identified not more than 2-3 sites but we will be able to tell you the exact site after the Urban Affairs Department has completed all the requirements to be included in the proposal".
She said it is very important to conduct such programs from time to time, to raise awareness on the rights and responsibilities.
In these days, there has been a complaint from the Sengbhalang, against the Assam border crossing to Balakhawa, where it has built a bridge, in the village, which falls under the Hima. SpongeBob.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynshngain, who has been suspended from the party but has been described as a hero for his stand against the issues of the people, said, “I have been suspended from the party. I will have to stay at home, I will not go anywhere to campaign for the election this time”.
On the other hand, Halen Nongtdu encouraged other youths and said that sports doesn't end here, now that there is an Artificial Turf ground in Deiñchynrum, youths should not lose hope but work hard. “There are many sports tournaments, not only in football but in other sports as well,” he added.
According to SDPO Bah IO Swer, Pynursla Police Station on the 28th at 11 pm, rushed to the scene after receiving a tip that the cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh. When the police arrived, the owner of the cows fled the scene and left the cows behind.
The funeral service will begin at 12 noon at the home, and at the Mawlai Presbyterian Church at 1 pm.
On the other hand, we are saddened to see that there are people from Bangladesh who come to work in some places in Bakur, where they leave and enter every day near the same place where the BSF troops are stationed. , but the BSF troops did not say anything, even though they carried with them the food when they left for Bangladesh.
They asked the CEM if all the MDCs receive T.3 crore , it means that the total amount of money that goes to the MDCs is T.87 crore , for the needs of the District Council , T.40 crore has been allocated They asked where the T.16 crore has been allocated by the CEM as the election fund of the PDF. The MDCs said that while they were in the EC, the CEM had threatened them with T.133 crore and even after they had sent the proposal for the scheme, he said that they still had it. As soon as he left the EC, they were arrested and even the work order was said that he had gone to distribute it to the villages.
Elections are a matter of life and death.
“When we went to talk to the Government about the ILP, they said we have to read and know the law first but after 2 years of reading thoroughly we have already arranged well. begin to talk about something else.
He said the storm destroyed one house in Pdengkseh, three in Pdeinshakap, 10 in Darang and about 15 in Shnongpdeng.
The Superintendent of Police (City) also urged the public and traders to immediately inform the police so that those involved in the extortion will be arrested and punished according to the rules of law.
He said that since 1989, the KSU has been standing on the basis of opposing the railway line in the country until now, until we have received a law to protect our minority. .
Shillong, June 27 : Four out of 10 men and women wrestlers from Shillong on Friday left Shillong to compete in the 21st Asian Armwrestling Championship. In fact, the State has 10 wrestlers, but 6 of them cannot lead but only 4 have gone to UAE. Airikmenlang Shabong (50kg) in the Youth category, Margaret Pathaw (60 kg) in the Master & Senior category, Hubert Paliar (60kg) and Alexander Lyngdoh (80kg) Hearing Impairment.
Allegedly, the TMC is a party involved in corruption to defraud the poor, Supriya said, “More than T.100 crore has been taken as bribe by the TMC leaders from the residents of the country. jyrsieh teacher appointment.
Aircraft were launched to inspect power lines to ensure restoration of power to the affected areas.
“This shows that the state government has not taken into account these two councils,” said the CEM. On the 16th of July, the district councils were called together to discuss the demand for a non-party regional council.
Out of the 13 seats announced so far, the Congress has won three seats and the BJP two.
Those who are not MLAs/MDCs or ex-nongmihkhmat are now considered dewthala lut in the party affairs even if they are not allowed to participate in the affairs of the people.
Earlier, on July 1, 2022, seven Muslim students were banned from attending classes because they were wearing hijab in Udupi.
Regarding the allegation by the MLA that the road in Mawroh is being constructed at will, he said that the road has not been completed yet.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr RC Laloo said that this day is a special day to remember the struggle of our ancestors for a full state.
In the third match, Mawsiang FC Nongkhroh beat Iong-I Dahi FC 4-3 goals. Pyndapbiang Myrboh scored the first goal for Mawsiang FC in the 5th minute. Pyrtuh in the 18th minute and Rio Myrboh in the 45th and 79th minutes.
The desire in front of her is that she has a sincere desire to protect her small nation.
The AIMIM MP was addressing a public meeting in his parliamentary constituency in Hyderabad.
At the same time, the HITO reminds the Government that the border of the country should be resolved with the consent of the people and not beyond, and that the islands of the people are not the owners of it or anyone else. people want to benefit themselves.
However, while talking to explain, Shining Khardewsaw said, 'I am the owner of the village and I am an NGO. Shining left the scene and the OC of Riangdo said, “Go if you want to do that” and after about 1 hour, Shining left the scene and said, “Go if you want to do that”. Shiningstar arrived back at the scene with more and more drunkenness and started to slow down again. The traffic department called the OC to come back to the scene and as soon as he arrived. The OC at the scene said, “You came to cause trouble like this, then I will have to register a case and when you fled like this, this vehicle was carrying too much”. slip and the transport department has also imposed a fine on these trucks.
MDC 10 Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency, Dawan Lyngdoh together with the office bearers of Namdong Raij from Waheh Raij Elias Susngi, Secretary Raij Namdong I Pakma and others today visited the Minister of C&RD. Hamletson Dohling on the demand for the creation of a C&RD Block in Namdong.
Prof.L.Kma, Director In-charge together with Shri N.Das, Asst.Director (Physical Education & Sports) who is one of the organizing members of the tournament and took part in the distribution of prizes to the winners.
The same customs, traditions, dress, farming, eating, drinking and so on.
I didn't have the opportunity to talk to him,” said Subhragshu Roy.
At the same time, the minister said that 9 places in Shillong and 7 places in Tura have been declared as no places to sell kyaid.
The match tomorrow will be between Sabahmuswang and Nangbah Mulang at 3 pm.
To avoid missing classes on the day of their duty on 18th April 2024, it is better to take leave 10 days before they leave for the polling stations.
All of these wins were by 5-0.
During the raid, several members of the party managed to escape but one member, who was only 18 years old, fell dead.
In this statement, the Seng urges the Dorbar Shnongs across the district and the border villages to cooperate with the Seng and stop such activities as the Dorbar Shnongs themselves are the stieh ba in the front to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
He said that when they meet anywhere, they will speak not in 'Sohra' but in 'Maram', and we should be proud that we are from this area.
“ He congratulated the family members for a peaceful and happy Shad suk Mynsiem and said, “In the midst of this Covid-19 pandemic we must join hands to fight against this is the Covid-19 pandemic.
All the speakers on the occasion included former JSU Leader Rikut N. Parien, President of the Jaintia Hills Union Army Lipon, JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen, JSM President Leningstar Rymbai and others. Others gave their full support to Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who came forward to fight for the future of the youth.
veterinary farms are located throughout the Khasi Hills.
He said that after taking over the rule in KHADC and under this arrangement, the Khadar rule was held for only about six months or less.
The Shiv Sena has strongly criticized the BJP for threatening to introduce presidential rule in the country. Maharashtra, Sudhir Mungantiwar, a BJP minister in the state and the Shiv Sena, said the statement was an insult to the decision of the people.
The purpose of the march was to protest against the increasing power outages.
In the midst of this confusion, the conflict and the involvement of one group against another, there was also a struggle to express their own views.
Other political parties that did not attend the meeting were the Congress, NCP, BJP, HSPDP and CPI (M).
A farmer from Umniuh Tmar, while talking to Rupang, said that the tyrpad harvesting season should have started from November 2015 and some of them have started harvesting during the Christmas holidays. ; However, the problem is that the rain continues and after the rain comes the rain.
The Committee on the Roster System has decided to extend its jurisdiction to discuss the reservation policy, and this decision will be sent to the State Government for approval.
Kharumnuid FC won the tie-breaker 4-3 goals.
However, he said that in the Opposition, if the two other political parties bring any issues in the House which are for the benefit of the state, the Congress will always support.
There are also many niut that cannot grow under water; so if you cover them with water, they will die op.
After half an hour, Mookymphad scored two goals through Wailad Shylla in the 31st minute and Haphilabet Ryngkhlem in the 34th minute.
Regarding the excessive height of the Constituency and the problems faced by the people from the violence in Assam, the elders and residents of Khasi and Garo from the border areas including the villages under In the Nonglang, Jyrngam and Raidmynsaw constituencies, they said that it should be divided into two constituencies.
One of the issues affecting families is the decline in the service of God, but the increase in the pursuit of worldly wealth, worldly glory and worldly power.
D from William Carey University, Shillong after completing her thesis on the Impact of Raliang and Jowai Elaka under the supervision of WaI Sa Sumer, 55, is now a teacher of Political Science at Govt.
When contacted by the reporters, one of the applicants said that they were surprised. He said that the DSC has also misled those who think that there may be something behind it.
When asked by Conrad, doctors said that two of the seriously injured have died while two others are still in critical condition while the others have recovered.
Meghalaya will now prepare for its final match against Sikkim on Tuesday.
The party took this decision after receiving a request from the Incharge of Presidential Election, Meghalaya who is also the National Executive Member of the BJP, Bah AL Hek.
St Mary's Higher Secondary School won the match by penalty against the Women's Team.
Besides, the residents of the village have faced difficulties in terms of power outage due to the damage and collapse of power plants due to the fighting by the army in the past three days.
According to a report by the Meghalaya Election Watch, Bah Lyngdoh, who is the richest candidate for the 2023 MLA elections, has declared assets of T 87.26 crore in the election. during the 2018 elections.
On the other hand, the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah Hector Marwein, said that the main purpose of the Aqua Fest is to bring together all the fishermen to discuss their ideas.
Especially in relation to the proverbs and also the words used in proverbs.
The chief guest distributed cash prizes and souvenirs to all the winners.
On the basis of the truth, I am ready and ready to stand up against the Congress leaders on this issue.
Noting that the people of the state have now settled and lived like citizens in other states, the TMC leader strongly criticized the Chief Minister and said, “In these In the past three years, Meghalaya has seen a Chief Minister who has not had the courage and determination to support for the people and to complain against the policies of the BJP which are against the BJP. the public.
The elections to the district councils in the state will be held next year after the end of this term in June.
The earthquake has affected Assam, Meghalaya and other parts of Bangladesh.
“Details regarding the corruption in the implementation of PM-Poshan have reached the ears of the party from Nuapada, Balangir and other districts of the district. to the south of Odisha.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya, SP of Ri Bhoi were also present at the meeting with the Union Minister. , Giri Prasad and Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Bah MB Tongper who gave a briefing on the implementation of various schemes through the development projects introduced by the Central Government such as the Aspirational District in the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the coach thanked all those who have taken part in the event especially Dr Vijay Kumar D (IAS) Commissioner Secretary Tourism and Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya. The team will not qualify for this tournament.
"“In my opinion, this is due to the lack of cooperation between the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Education and the lack of qualified ministers to work on this issue. He said that the government should take all necessary measures to resolve the issue of teachers so that it will not cause problems in the future. .
It is time for the Syiem of Sohra Hima to immediately convene the Hima Dorbar according to the custom to find ways and means to escape from the synrum which has happened at this time and to cleanse immediately the tyrud and the smer came to the Hima.
The ribbon was cut by the MDC of the area, Bah Dawan Lyngdoh and the keys were handed over to her by the Managing Director and Co-Founder of the Blind Lead Trust Organization. Bah Jitendra Dkhar at the meeting on Saturday.
All students, Sengbhalang, Village Youth Association, Village Authority, Women's Association and especially women are requested to attend the meeting.
However, she is also keen to serve the people through leadership and has tried to stand as an MLA candidate from the All India Trinamool Congress from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency in the 2023 election.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has criticized the allegation by the President of the Voice of the Peoples Party (VPP) Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit that the State Government has been conducting appointments despite the fact that the State is facing a shortage of funds.
Neymar has been injured in Brazil's 2-0 win over Serbia.
Nongbsah said that it is surprising that the PIOs have lost hope that the government has spoken through the Block Development Officers, where they have not provided any more schemes in the villages, because “Therefore, we have come to meet with the Governor of the State to discuss the problems faced by the RTI applicants where they have been harassed and the state government has not supported them,” he said. he added.
The divine image has been violated by acts of violence against fellow human beings and nature.
Teachers, students from various schools in Mynsngat area, civil society groups, drivers carrying placards with slogans and calling for life imprisonment or hanging of the three bloodthirsty men.
When asked whether Hoping is aware of this, Witting said that Hoping has ordered all those in the party to work for the Pastor. He urged them to work hard to win the Pastor.
“The government should repeal this Bill completely because the people have rejected it.
About 9 irrigation projects including lift irrigation schemes of Chimmalagi, Mulwad, Gutti Basavanna and Koppal have been implemented.
Shillong, Dec 18 : Delhi beat Meghalaya by 209 runs in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy on Saturday at Vadodara.
This statement of Bah Bindo should have surprised the leaders of the national parties in the state that other ethnic groups do not prefer the national party.
Police sources said that there were no signs of injury on her body, but it is suspected that she was stabbed to death.
What this shows is that the school doesn't hesitate to find out about the COVID-19 pandemic, how it affects people and how many people it has killed in the world, or that it doesn't believe. to read the newspapers to learn about the laws issued by the government from time to time, in order to fight against this disease and thus remain ignorant, whether it is about this disease. Klam or about the laws of the government; and this is a mistake on the part of the school.
He said that for the MHIS scheme, the MDA government has increased it from 2.8 lakh tyngka to 5.3 lakh tyngka.
It is a great loss, because his songs are not expensive, but worthy.
The celebration was concluded with a welcome party by singers from Nongstion and Shillong's Snow White and others.
Speaking to media, Gurjeet Singh, Chairman of the HPC, said, “At the meeting held today, the Government has informed us of the blueprint and the Government will Please send me this official blueprint.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pangñiang said that the announcement of the candidate at Umdang is a sign of remembrance, as Umdang is the hometown of Bah Raisen Mawsor, MLA. He said that the election of Bah Methodius Dkhar as the party's candidate from Mawshynrut Constituency is a great blessing to the people of Mawshynrut Constituency. Because this candidate is well educated and belongs to a family from the same constituency and his achievement of higher education is due to the hard work of his parents. long that they are not.
Forty-one years ago, a newspaper said, 'If you count from Khanapara to Umrenga and Barapathor, which is more than 7 km away, more than 1,500 households in Meghalaya have gone to Assam. 10,000'.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has tried to consult with all the leaders of the MDA government including the five Congress MLAs who have been suspended and supported the government. They feel that they should support this election of the President of the country.
Therefore, even if a contractor is appointed, but if the IIG does not agree to allocate land, the road in the first phase will not be able to be constructed.
However, Purno said, “In democracy, the opposition may have a say but the ruling party has its own way”.
“However, in the short period of time I have won, I have been able to set up many Iing Dorbars to make it easier for the village leaders to talk and discuss on many issues related to the welfare of the village. thaw," he added.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West and South Khasi Hills District on Friday handed over a letter to the Minister of Electricity and Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal regarding the demand for electricity supply. The State Government has decided to expedite the construction of the Kynshi Hydropower Project (KHPP).
Through this scheme, the target is to benefit about 10,000 poor farmers and also to increase the sale of pork in the state.
“Bah Kyrsoibor added that the struggle will be for meaningful changes, to ensure that the table of the families is full and that the children of the residents receive good education and good health.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of ICICI Bank Nongpoh Branch has issued an order to temporarily close the bank from 23rd to 23rd of this month due to the positive case of Covid-1 27th of this month.
Tynsong said that just because they are in the opposition and accuse the state government of not sleeping, they should remember that when they were in power, what was done? they did and all the people clearly knew this.
However, if no one encourages them and sets an example, there are those who do not want to expose themselves.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, a well-known author, has strongly criticized the danger of believing and telling a single story.
Shillong, July 23: After the SS Infrazone company fled the Shillong-Dawki road from Umshyrpi to Upper Shillong, another company has been appointed to construct the road from Umsyiem to Tamabil. I have left this work that I have received.
After a while, Dr. Mukul Sangma was appointed to the post of Bah Lapang in
According to Dr Sawian, his physical condition has improved and if he improves, the hospital authorities will release him.
He congratulated the new leaders of the Rotary Club Jowai to continue to carry out the activities of the club.
“I would like to pay tribute to all our leaders who have dedicated themselves and worked hard to take decisions despite many challenges and shortcomings in the past years for the achievement of MBoSE. On the other hand, Bah DP Wahlang CS of the state in his speech said that the literacy rate ) in the State has increased from 24.49% to 80% since the beginning, and the number of schools has increased from 40-50 to 2923 schools affiliated to MBoSE. 1816 are Secondary Schools and 421 are Higher Secondary Schools.
He said that the party has already explained to the people in these days until the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit was arrested and now he feels that they don't need to explain again.
Speaking on the MLA Scheme, Renikton said that until now, there has never been any assistance to government departments but it has always been available only for the purpose of managing the needs of the villages. .
In agreement with Bah Lapang, I have taken over this post as Chairman, as I am in charge of Mining and Geology.
He said that the defeat is not a struggle within the party because if there is such a struggle, at the time of the election there will be no cooperation to win the mid-term election.
Furthermore, this village has become well known in the state after the Laitkseh Sports Club has hosted the Open Football Tournament since
According to her, the government has said that the shopkeepers should pay the electricity bill but they will face problems if they cannot sell.
Shillong, July 25 : As part of the celebration of National Voters Day on 25th July 2023, the Chief Electoral Officer of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, The National Voters' Day 21K, 10K, 5K and 1K Run has been held in Shillong.
On the cleanliness of the morning, we can say that we have almost achieved the goal, with the joint efforts of the Dorbar Shnong to clean up every month.
District Police in collaboration with CRPF, Cobra and Jharkhand Jaguar troops have been involved in the search operation since 11th July. The presence of senior Maoist leaders including Misir Besra, who was stabbed with T.1 crore on his head, has been received in Kolhan area of ​​the district.
The Stay at Home protest of the Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai will continue tomorrow in Jowai.
Mawngap, November 14: The Parents Teachers Association of Mawngap Government LP School today celebrated its 25th Anniversary.
In her opening remarks on the fifth day, the Minister of Finance and Corporate Affairs, Nirmala Sitharaman, turned her attention to the Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Abhiyaan. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has set a target in his address to the nation on 12th June.
All those villages on the map, 21 out of 23, have come to Meghalaya,” said Conrad.
Lazio Dkhar scored three goals in the 10th and 46th minutes, Khroobormi Sutnga in the 13th minute and Ennocent scored the third goal for Lumshnong. Mylliem in the 17th minute.
The highest number of deaths so far has been in Italy, with 969 on Tuesday.
She said that we all love the country, the nation, and we should not be misled.
The torti work is not only in the cleaning of the houses but also in the installation of the hume pipes. shim thep hume pipe.
Shillong: U Bah HM Shangpliang (Congress) today raised the issue of farmers in the State Legislative Assembly, where he said that the pandemic has severely affected their income and the income of the farmers.
Let us turn briefly to this verse 6, David in this verse compares man and the serpent. It is very difficult to think of this word, the question arises here,, What is the serpent? shall I be judged of U Briew? Because here it is written only the disease without mentioning the name of the disease.
He said that even on the last day of the Puja, if you walk through the Garikhana area, it is very dangerous for the Khasi because these performers have fought peacefully with the drunkenness.
“This problem is very old, it should be resolved but to destroy the income of the people, to complain about not issuing NOC for the electric ring, not to provide drinking water. “It's wrong, they should correct it in the right way, not just criticize us,” he added.
These villages have been placed under the Containment Zone from the 14th to the 28th of this month. Besides Ampata, other neighboring villages including Umshru , Sakunjira and Halher, Umsohbar area, Warmawsaw on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
In other athletic news, Repol and Henry reached the final of the 100m race, joining Kasanchi and Riyoka in the women's category.
I think after we have been able to operate buses, this will be one of the ways to reduce the traffic jam in the city as the traffic jam is very high during the time of going to and from school”.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 17th June, said that a meeting within the government on the implementation of the roster on the job allocation will be held within this month. that a decision on the year of implementation of the roster will be taken after consultation with all stakeholders.
The PHC that received the first rank is Sahsniang PHC in the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB PM-JAY).
According to the Federation of Khasi States, as of 23rd July 2020, there are only 4 confirmed cases of Covid-19, but as of 26th July ) 2020 has increased to 562 cases.
However, there is no proper strategy,” he said, adding that the law and order situation is deteriorating.
EL.ED offline batch 2013-15.
The death toll in the US has risen to 116,700, according to Johns Hopkins University.
In 2014, the UDP candidate for Paul Lyngdoh received 106,806 votes, PBM Basaiawmoit for independent received 168,961 votes, while Vincent H Pala for Congress received 209,340 votes. Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP received 95,979 votes.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 22: Nonglang Sports Club has won the 2nd Independence Women Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Kyntiew La I Sap Multipurpose Organizations. (KLISMO) Mawlangwir in collaboration with the office of DSO, MDSA Mawkyrwat.
“The bill paid since 2018 is only the Mobilization Bill and after that we have not released any more money until the work is completed,” he said. T.12.50 crore while out of T.7.50 crore, the remaining amount is T.1.63 crore and the bill issued to the contractors is T.4.87 crore.
Shillong: The HANM Pynursla Circle today urged the Deputy Commissioner's Office to suspend the construction of the National Highway at Kynroh arliang until the office calls for a hearing on the issue. Tymsen's house was broken.
The arrested Bangladeshis confessed that they had entered India with the intention of going to Kashmir to earn a living by working as slaves and other jobs.
years ago in 1987, during the height of the Anti-Foreigners' Movement in the state, the CRPF police opened fire on Khasi youths and Khasi households in the month of July especially in the areas of Motphran, Mission Compound, Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Umsohsun, Wahingdoh and Riatsamthiah.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that this public awareness campaign on health has been successful through the measures of cooperation.
This shad-ka-kmen is part of the memory and offering of the Khun Khasi Khara once a year to God the Lord, the Creator, the Creator from above to preserve the rights and customs which started in the 17th century. On the 1st of June, 2022, a group of elders of the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District, started with a prayer of thanksgiving for the success of the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
The JHTOA has gained strength after NETOWS has given its support and sent a letter of full support to the protest.
Among the Khasi, although we belong to the same Kur, we are called according to the fields in which we live.
Others said that it may be corruption as alleged by the BJP in the state, which includes the smuggling of drugs worth T.4 crore.
“If you look at the votes of the UDP and HSPDP in 2023, we are confident and we will be able to improve even more.
In West Garo Hills, there are 29 cases including 4 cases from Armed Forces, 10 cases from High Risk Contact, 1 case from outside, 12 cases from Bhaitbar cluster and 2 cases from Brahminpara cluster.
Within 5 minutes the woman left because it was night.
“The KSU doesn't need IED bombs.
He said that the arrival of the BJP women in Pynthor is very urgent and they don't have time to enter every household but there is a registration of women there.
Speaking to reporters, the village leaders of the area, said that they will put people at the gate, for which they have to pay a fee.
This was announced by the MLA of Mawlai constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie in the Legislative Assembly today.
Rahul Gandhi, the chief leader of the Congress party, has no choice but to insult Narendra Modi and the insults have reached a point where he is very sad and unable to do so. Not only that, Modi has also banned Rahul, his house and the family of these two, is to criticize the Congress and on the other hand to criticize the BJP. He said that he should criticize the BJP and the Prime Minister for being in the government, but if it happens that on the part of the Prime Minister, he criticizes only the Congress, that is impossible. However, he should explain to the people about the income or loss of India from the loss of money, the implementation of the GST, and the farmers scheme, which has been implemented in spend money recently and then some more.
Through these two goals, Malki has strengthened and encouraged the strongest team this season in the SPL. tap cold.
Such cases are found all over the Khasi Hills in the villages.
Rejecting the government's claim that it is in short supply of funds, Bah Titos said that the Prime Minister has always said that the state has not been short of funds at all.
The Mining Department has said that after the auction of all the 14,10,710.41 MT of coal, all the coal that has been hidden or remains in any place or outside the counted coal will be confiscated by the government.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Councils will be included in the Regional Committee to be set up soon for the purpose of consultation and receipt of dulir. which prove the ownership of the land within the State of Meghalaya.
However, due to the lack of adequate health facilities, malaria patients have to rely on doctors kobiraij or doctors jakoit.
“The Congress and AITC leaders are now confused because they are not sure of winning so they are bringing this issue so that they can get votes from Christians in different constituencies,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday left for the three-day National Youth Championship League (NYU) from the 8th to the 10th of this month. The Pro MMA League will be held on November 10, 2023 at Priyadarshini Youth Complex, Malund West, Mumbai.
While drinking, Lydia said to Hep, “If there is anything you disagree with or dislike about my words, you can always express or correct them.” Hep was surprised to have such a thing.
So far, the number of cases in India has risen to
The house was owned by H.Rapsang.
The “seed of wickedness” may be a seed that has these diseases; but if you plant a large seed, it will be a loss to the farmer.
The villages bordering the two districts of South West Khasi Hills District are Thadteja, Pormawdar, Nirang and Armarsang. a road and a bridge to cross the river.
“The call for such protests will lead the state backwards.
Therefore, the relatives had to leave the hospital by car and when they reached the polling station, the elders helped to take him to the polling station.
These protesters have been protesting for about 10 months despite the heat of the weather and the protesters have also stopped their physical activity.
Many of the people have fled and have settled temporarily in Kyrdum, Umwahlang, Nonglang, Langja and Tynghor.
Merinda FC didn't give up and in the 37th minute Mebankitlang Mawlong scored the first goal.
The badminton tournament will be held among the employees of government offices in Jaintia Hills District which will start on the 25th and end on the 28th June
Up to 9 Rots were brought from different parts of Ialong and Wahiajer villages to the venue for the final breaking of them and to conclude the lehniam this year.
The demons know and believe that Jesus is the Son of God the Savior of the world, but because they are demons they are afraid and tremble to hear the name of Jesus; the name above all names.
The 12 deceased include three children and a six month old child.
"That's right..." said Kong Dapmiar. "Where are the other children..." Kong Dapmiar asked. "The children have gone to Sor with their father..." said Kong Lumspah. "But we have to come soon because we find out that they came from the city..." said Kong Lumspah. "Of course we won't be late... About two days..." replied Kong Dapmiar. and they went out together.
The BJP is determined to get votes, he added.
It is to be recalled that in the Nongstoin Zone there are five Presbyteries: Laitkseh, Nongkhlaw, Nongstoin, Umsaw, Nongpyndeng, Rambrai, Ri Lyngngam and Tynghor.
We will never stop.
Furthermore, during the opening ceremony of the workshop, the Commissioner and Secretary, Planning, Investment Promotion and Sustainable Development Department, Government of Meghalaya, received the Welcome Address.
He won gold medals in the 800 mts, silver in the 1500 mts and bronze in the 100 and 400 mts.
The plaintiff requested that there should be a thorough investigation by an independent body or a body under the supervision of the High Court into the collapse of the stadium and the construction of the stadium. that is, to take strong action against contractors and government officials who have to take responsibility.
Under this new offer, Vi or Vi Individual and Family Postpaid users can choose from the following lists according to their wishes – (i ) Entertainment, (ii) Food, (iii) Travel, (iv) Safety of Smartphone for the purpose of bringing happiness and convenience to the users of the phone.
He said that instead of being investigated for corruption, they were able to contest the elections and this shows that at first these officers were used and then they were given. protection, they will be able to retire from their jobs and join their own organizations, in order to commit corruption.
However, as it turns out, in East Khasi Hills too, drug abuse has increased steadily.
Yesterday, January 16, MR met with nine players who have been selected for special training.
And there will also come the New Jerusalem written by John in Revelation 21:9-2
Phuit is Saturday.
It can be witnessed that not only the parents came to support this campaign but also the youth and even the children.
The marathon will start from Mawkdok and return to the same place.
With the confession of the first arrested person, the police have arrested others involved.
With this victory, Mawlai have earned 12 points from four games and have scored 33 goals and conceded 10 goals, while Lumparing have won four times. scored 23 goals and did not concede a single goal.
He said the sound of the explosion was heard loudly in the area known as Sevastopol, the headquarters of the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
Thus the coming of the Son of God into the world did not do anything, he nailed it to the cross.
I request the Health Department to tell us what is still missing to provide because when it is too late it is useless to report, from the Health Minister to the Chief Officers have to take responsibility while there is still time.
One Assam forest worker was also killed in the incident.
The report was handed over to the Chief Minister by the Chairperson of the MHRC, Justice T Vaiphei, who heads the Commission.
Shillong, Lber 10 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency on Tuesday, October 08, 2024, u Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency. to hand over the school bus to Holy Cross Higher Secondary School and inaugurate the new building of Mawkynrew Presbyterian School.
To unbelievers, prayers are not really necessary or meaningful, but if we pray from the heart and soul, God can hear and listen to us.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwel Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has turned over.
Meanwhile, the MLA together with the EE of PWD Umsning on Thursday inspected the well at Nongkohlew which is under construction, the road and the well of All Saint (CNI) Church at Mawsiatkhnam. under construction, which is part of his monitoring of the implementation of the work.
“The work under Package III has been delayed due to the opposition of the land owners and village leaders to the project, but now all that has been resolved and NHIDCL is preparing the DPR,” he said.
The union also made it clear that the land of the villagers in the state falls under their ownership according to the provisions of the 6th Schedule. India, Vasant Sathe has written to Capt WA Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, that Coal India should not interfere with the coal mining of the villagers in Meghalaya.
The meeting threatened that if the JHADC does not listen to their demand, they will go and stop the dumping of garbage in these areas.
“For the sake of the people in the city as well as the youth, it is a big challenge during the elections.
Due to the strong demand of the Sengbhalang groups, who have also lodged a complaint with the Police, the company has taken action to immediately dismiss these two.
The election for the new CEM of the council, Bah Lamphrang Blah, was announced today by the Chairman of the KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Singh as the new CEM of the council. register for this seat.
Referring to the Tura Water Supply Scheme, the Minister said that the project has been suspended due to the collapse of the well during the dry season.
Snepkor water contains those organic compounds which are very good for health and help to improve health.
Although they said that the Mou cannot be amended, this Soskular has no basis before the law as the Regional Committees have already been informed that there is a Stay Order in relation to the land especially the Kur land. There is no such thing as Khanapara.
It is best to build terraces in such areas, or to clear only the area where the tree will be planted and to leave the plants or shrubs around it. so that the ground does not flow in vain and retains the rainwater.
Two children have lost their lives after a fire broke out in their house on Monday night.
The establishment of an autonomous district council, which is owned and authorized by the indigenous peoples, is in accordance with Articles 4 and 7 of the Constitution of the country, for the sake of peace and development in the region. “The Assam government needs to know the rights of the Garo people and take measures regarding the demand for a Garo Autonomous District Council in Assam,” he said.
What the people do not want, the government authorities want to force the people to do.
The weight of my body has affected my strength, although I should have spoken face to face with you, but
“With the increasing number of accidents in Shillong, there is a need for better management in Shillong,” he said.
where is the sted ...what is the suki.
“This prisoner has been involved in theft, burglary, housebreaking and others since 2009, 2011, 2013,” said Bah Syiem.
According to him, the Congress ticket has been a hot topic in the past but these days, the party has to look for candidates.
Shillong: The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast heavy rainfall in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
He said that the passing away of Bah Khongwir is a loss not only to the Mawlai Constituency but to the State as a whole.
For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom;
When the bill was introduced in the House by Rajnath Singh, Union Home Minister Mallikarjun Kharge, Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge, stood up and said that the Congress party does not “There are many shortcomings and it is a serious threat to the unity of the country and it does not respect the Social Assam Accord and it is a matter related to the Constitution of the Assam Accord. “It's a good idea to send it back to the Select Committee,” said Kharge.
Iran is said to be now a full member of the bloc.
Outside the religious sphere or outside the four walls of the church or synagogue or temple or mosque is the world, which we call the "secular world" and the world is the most important sphere of human life.
This has helped Bah Risingbor in his work as a musician and instrument maker.
NESBFC Most Promising Player – Manzur Hussain Manipur – Sujith PS The winner received a cash prize of T.25,000 and the runner-up T.15,0
If we look at the Balakhwa area, which falls under the Hima Nongspung, it can be seen that the area does not have a single development project that the Meghalaya government has brought to the area. If it weren't for the construction of the Assam road, it would mean that the people living on the border of Meghalaya and those living in the area would suffer in coming and going and especially when there are jobs. urgently as in sickness and suffering with others.
This nuclear movement has affected funds for the generation of electricity from water, and from other clean sources such as solar, wind and geothermal energy. sea.
However, the secrecy and lack of attention to the development of their children in the right way, increases the distance between them and their children until they can no longer meet in their souls.
“The people of Shillong will be proud to see Dr. Ampareen speaking in Parliament in traditional costumes,” he said.
In West Garo Hills, there are 3 health workers.
Shillong, Nailar, 09: Leaders of the LSK on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. He said that the time has come and according to the passage of time, women should also participate only as members of the Executive Committee in the Dorbar Shnongs.
Dutch racing star Max Verstappen has won the AGP (Australian Grand Prix) after two red flags and a collision. before Max received permission for the Processional Victory Lap throughout the Albert Park Stadium.
Therefore, with great joy and gratitude to God who has set us apart as a small nation and has not allowed this disease which has spread to the greatest countries of the world to spread. places in our State and in North East India as a whole except Tripura and Assam.
“However, I don't want to, the UDP has deceived me by saying that it will not give me the post of Chairman after I came to power, I don't want to do it. “I don't want to be Chairman, I want money,” said Bah Hamlet at a meeting held at Umlyngka today where the flag of the UDP in Mylliem constituency was launched.
In this regard, I would like to share with you the following statements by these great and intellectuals: Mahatma Gandhi said, “Whoever says that religion has nothing to do with politics does not understand. neither is the meaning of religion".
Special Judge Geetanjali Goel announced that the CBI team has been given time after the state government's investigation team filed a request in this regard.
The question is whether many men in Meghalaya have poor seeds to breed which has prompted the government to purchase so many medicines.
Blatter's resignation comes 10 months after a raid at a Zurich hotel in which seven senior FIFA officials were arrested on charges of corruption and fraud two days before the presidential election. .
In a statement signed by JETS President Pynskhemlang W.Uriah and General Secretary Ritik R.Malngiang, JETS has invited the owners and drivers of motorcycles to attend the meeting. The fare only within Shillong will be held on the 28th June, 2023 at Upper Jaiaw Lane, Shillong.
It is time for our leaders from those in government and those outside government to take this issue to the State Legislative Assembly to take action. They should also take that decision to the Government of India.
Para-i beat Kyrchan Para I 2-1 to win the title of the 6th Aside Football Tournament organized by Lion Sports and Youth Affair (LSAYA) at Biar Stadium on Saturday. Pale.
Police will soon take Ahmed to court after he regains his strength.
The campaign was launched on the 25th of this month and was conducted in 34 States and UTs till 23rd November.
“Maybe it was due to drunkenness and mistakes, we cannot say but after a thorough investigation, maybe it will be revealed,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
Secretary together with the Central Members of the party met with M. Patlong EE, MePDCL Khliehriat on the 20th of this month.
In Delhi, parents used to send their children for coaching for IAS from the time they were in 1st or 2nd year but here in our state, we cannot do this because we don't have enough institutes. but in fact we don't have a single Coaching Institute for IAS officers or to guide the youngsters who are really interested.
Nongpoh, June 13: If the words of the Symbut Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong come true as he has already said yesterday in Nongpoh, it will be a great blessing for the people of Nongpoh. Ri Bhoi District to get those roads which have been completed especially the most needed roads in Ri Bhoi District.
The Government will soon appoint qualified doctors and nurses to provide services at the hospital.
The ceremony will be held at 4:30 pm on the 26th of this month under the leadership of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and FKJGP Mawkyrwat Circle.
“I don't know that in Shella constituency there are still places without roads.
The 113th Shad Suk Mynsiem which started on Saturday last year ended on the 15th of this month in the presence of thousands of people from all over the country.
“We will issue a strong order that the Dorbar Shnongs cannot issue NOCs for any work without the permission of the District Council. "It's a good idea to have a clean slate," said TW Chyne.
Marak will contest from Songsak constituency and Serimina D. Marak will contest from Jingrang constituency.
“If the UDP respects the NPP, it should not contest the mid-term elections in Ranikor constituency last year when MM Danggo left the post of MLA from the Congress party to contest from the NPP but the UDP “It's a good idea to have a candidate even in Selsela,” he said.
Gawali, who captained the team to a 2-0 win over Nepal, expects the team to continue their victory in the match against Lebanon in Odisha.
The village officials of Mawlong, Mawkynring and others came to congratulate the party for this initiative.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Donald Langstieh, has denied the allegation by the Orderly Peon, Kong Wanpli Mary Lyngdoh Sawkmie, that she sent her to her house and raped her. .
On this occasion, Successful Women Entrepreneurs who after receiving training have started their own businesses and whose businesses have been successful were honoured.
Shillong, June 22: The MP election on 16th June will be between Conrad K Sangma and Dikanchi Shira.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District today sent a letter and met with the Post Master of Nongstoin Post Office to protest against the influx of foreign workers into the villages. thaw within WKHD through the distribution of letters.
The event was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of East Shillong Constituency. Project.
Friends, where and when will the first beast appear? The first beast that is the ruler of the world will not come from India, because it is a weak country compared to the rest of the world.
The truck (NL-01-AF-3307) was driven by Dunjal Marak.
He said that the state government does not give accurate figures on the allocation of the district council.
The lockdown, if decided by the workers, will stop all development works and revenue generation especially the payment of land taxes from across the five districts of Garo Hills.
Even in the case of serious illness, we should use only traditional medicines and no longer homeopathic and allopathic medicines, which belong to him.
Director of Health Services, Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“When the police from Sohiong Police Station received this information, they immediately rushed to Lawmei village to rescue them but as the crowd was too large, the SOT police came to the scene. Shillong: They went to accompany them and rescued them from the hands of the mob.
If these truck drivers go to Bangladesh and after their return they bring in COVID-19, it is the people from Riwar who will be the first to get the disease,” said the statement.
But now, it is entirely up to the people of the village.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the Chairman-cum-Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL, Sanjay Goyal, Vice President of the MeECL, Bah Arju Dkhar said that They expressed their demand not only to pay their salaries but also to ensure that the government will pay their salaries on time every month.
Finally, Samla Iamangstone Mawkhiew General Secretary,Y, who briefly spoke about the journey of the group and also the objectives of the group to carry out its work better and more efficiently, sports clubs and urged them to be hardworking, to work together in any activities that are for the development of the region.
It is learned that at that time the crowd had gathered and there was a heavy fighting, in which the crowd including the women and elderly, were bombed with sticks by the Assam police.
About 15 vehicles including Maruti, trucks, private vehicles and two wheelers were damaged.
U Langrut Policeman has been abducted by the GNLA for nearly 10 months. Police have conducted a search operation in the forests but have not found him on Saturday. The body of the policeman who was abducted and killed by the insurgents was found at the scene.
He also expressed his desire that the NLU will become a Center of Excellence for research on the legislation of the customs and traditions of the North Eastern Region of India.
Without the railway, there is a lot of traffic jam, especially in Shillong.
She appealed to parents and teachers to support and protect children against drug addiction and most importantly to work together to free children from drug addiction. and mental power.
Therefore, Bah Kharit invited all the people of Nongstoiñ area to attend the public meeting and at this meeting the group will explain the needs to bring about change on many issues. The challenges facing the country and the nation in these days.
It is understood that the nomination process will be accompanied by the party leaders and supporters.
Drill Memory even Bytes.
Deisy called her brother to greet her friend Linda.
The reappearance of another case of the virus has shocked everyone and the discussion has become increasingly heated through social media, How? Why? not to mention that there is a concealment of those who have this disease.
Speaking to reporters after the opening ceremony of the Kop Kieng Ling Festival, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Tourism in the State, said that the North East Regatta, is part of the development of tourism, as tourism is one of the industries that can support every household in the state.
I feel that the presence of Kuwait and Lebanon will help make this championship stronger, and I would also like to thank the SAFF for listening and taking care of this,” said Chaubey.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 26 : The All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) has strongly condemned the incident at Mukroh, Block I, West Jaintia Hills. Five people have lost their lives due to the brutal actions of the Assam Police.
Police sources said that the boy received the speaker from a friend and set fire to the speaker, but at the time, he was just turning on the light. The fire broke out and the whole room caught fire at Bolsalgre in Baghmara.
And this is not only in the new Shillong, but also in the rural areas.
Sidramon said that the MDC of Sohrymgkham, Bah Pyniaid, came to assist the Sordar of the village to identify the land to be given to the police department for the construction of the police station. , is against the will of the people because as an MDC instead of helping the people, he is hurting the people.
Speaking to Mawphor, the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Kong E Warjri, said that the closure of vehicles on this road is temporary as they are still improving the roads.
In this regard, we strongly oppose this statement of his as it appeared in Rupang, because we as the Seng Samla have taken part as volunteers in guarding the entry and exit of people through our village. Sahsniang-A. In this regard, we would like to clarify that there has been no restriction on the residents of Mowjem to transport food and beverages through our village.
The Khasi Students Union (WKHD) led by John Fisher Nongsiang President and Rishot Skhembor Kharbani General Secretary, on receiving information about the inspection by the BSF troops, on Tuesday said that the BSF has sent a letter to the government. Rishot Kharbani, General Secretary of KSU WKH, has visited the area to meet with the Sordar Shnongs and land owners who have confirmed that there is such an intention on the part of the BSF. He said that the KSU will not allow anyone to set up a BSF camp in the area. He said that as the KSU has already met with the DC of WKH to oppose the proposal to set up a BSF camp in the area. The party will continue to oppose the establishment of this camp at Umjaram Pyndengrei.
There is a need for people to seek the face of God in these last days.
One of the problems faced by the farmers in this area is the government's withdrawal of urea which is the best pesticide for crops.
Shillong: A clash between the drivers of stone trucks and the BSF in Dawki, Shillong, today, after the drivers of the trucks were attacked near the Custom office in Tamabil.
Shillong, November 29: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has ignored the demand for the abolition of Personal Interview in the recruitment of group members. , B, C and D. In a statement sent by the President of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, he said that the KHNAM Youth Wing has already sent a letter to the state government, requesting that Meghalaya should also abolish the Personal Interview as done in other states of India.
“It is impossible to say and the facts show that those rich people who came to Ri Bhoi to have children came only to mislead the people of Ri Bhoi and the facts show that they came to “It is only to make Ri Bhoi District a place to earn money,” said Bah Charles Marngar.
The letter directed all police stations in the area to increase patrols, patrol by vehicles and prevent the GNLA from regaining power in the area.
If this road had been completed before 1829, it would have been the best place to ambush the French troops.
The IIG is under the Science and Technology Department which falls under the Prime Minister's Office so I have already directed them to discuss and resolve this issue,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Nongpoh, March 23 : U Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC of Umsning Constituency on Saturday inaugurated two parking lots for the benefit of the residents of Dulongnar and Erpakon villages. The day you slap, you have to go.
Headaches: Excessive consumption of green tea increases caffeine levels and this is associated with headaches and fatigue and prayer.
On the other hand, the leader of the Achik Youth Council, Maxbirth Momin, had lodged a complaint with the district authorities in July this year. stayed the same – nothing was found.
I, the writer of this article, am still a beneficiary of this practice.
After the service from the Mane House, the crowd flowed endlessly behind the coffin of Ma ieid and followed it to the cemetery, in order to complete the last ritual and bury with dignity. Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, Mawkyllei Presbyterian Church, Mawkyllei Presbyterian Church.
It is necessary to protect and preserve the forests, trees and shrubs to have a beautiful environment, green forests, it is necessary to maintain and protect from the destruction of the environment and from the widespread deforestation. trees, we need to take care of our environment, so that living things can survive and remain a great treasure and benefit to our needs, such as trees to build Wildlife, birds, fish and others have shelter, we have jhur, jhep, soh, pai that grows in the forest, plants which are used as medicines in many ways to cover and spain when counting the diseases of the bones.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi in a statement said that the police have received information that many people have been arrested. People have received letters demanding money from the HNLC, Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and others through social media sites/apps (Whatsapp, Telegram/SMS).
He said Israel is grateful for the love and support of friends like India and this will further strengthen the relations between the two countries in the future.
“Our nation is not one that worships leaders, we are a nation that believes, listens and respects leaders, but we don't worship or chase like fools," she said.
Bandari Ryntathiang President CORP has criticized the MDA government for shooting at its own people who are lying ill in bed, while it has not dared to arrest foreigners who shoot at locals. quietly smiling until now.
Shillong, November 18: The District Council Court, Shillong, in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, has scheduled to hold a National Lok Adalat at the District Council Court, Garikhana, Shillong. Shillong on 25th November, 2013 starting at 10 pm.
Do you see this in the election campaigns of other parties?
It will probably be the first time in the history of the state that the speech of the Governor will be translated into English while he is speaking.
On the news of his re-election by the Meghalaya Football Association to lead the re-election of the AIFF, Eugeneson said that all this is in accordance with the rules and regulations. Eugeneson said that the current President of the MFA has spoken to him and urged him to This time he will lead the election of the AIFF office bearers where he will take the role as the leader and also as a member of the electoral college for the election of the new office bearers of the AIFF. The United Democratic Party (UDP) has welcomed the joining of two prominent leaders of the state, former FKJGP leader Wellbirth Rani and Vice President. The President of the NPP and the owner of the Rupang newspaper, Bah R Monarch Shabong, has been arrested.
We will ensure that the aspirations of the people can be fulfilled through various projects and schemes,” he said.
JOWAI: If the Congress comes to power in the Lok Sabha, it will give 33 percent special allocation to women in government jobs in the country, said Congress spokesperson Bah HM Shangpliang at a meeting to seek support for the Congress candidate. Vincent H Pala at Dong Tympang Stadium on Monday.
If the water can be cleaned from the well, we the residents will be safer from serious diseases like these mentioned by the FKJGP.
Therefore, it was said that Russia's use of Nepalese troops is illegal especially since Russia's invasion is against Ukraine, a small country that is not yet able to fight. deal with it if not with the support of other country neighbours.
They also said that the deterioration of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area, therefore they urged the government to take action to build a new one. or to repair the road, which is used by the residents of the area.
This will be better for those who are less able.
Shillong, July 29 : Police today took four robbers arrested from Jaiaw before the High Court and the court has decided to remand them for three days in police custody. They have been investigated thoroughly by the police to arrest others involved.
But if men pray, God will hear from heaven and forgive the sins of the world.
On the closing ceremony of the 5th Super Division Cricket League, 2023 organized by the South West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (SWKHDCA), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar was the chief guest. Elevenson Wanniang was the Chief Guest, in the presence of the President of SWKHDCA, Bantei Lyngdoh and others.
Shillong: The state of society and education in today's society needs changes and improvements in many areas.
Why didn't the Bengali come to look for a woman in Hynniewtrep? Does this come from your Inner Love? It is only the love of myrsiang to be Tngoh-kada, and Kpoh-kada, to acquire land through the marriage of our Khasi women.
"So there was a heated argument and he stabbed me with a knife and attacked me from the legs and injured my fingers.
The statement also said that Umran Dairy Church and Nongthymmai Church are from the same district and fall under Nongthymmai District, but Umsning District has three churches, including Umsning Church. , Umdiker Church and Kyrdemkulai Church, but the group led by TbnGT Lyngdoh and Bah Drestarwell Marbanniang as Secretary, is a group which wanted to forcibly join Umsning District and those who fought against the decision of the Mawbuh Ri Bhoi Presbytery.
The Central Government, seeing that the inability of the State Government to govern fairly, and also to fight the insurgents, and when there is no peace, and affects the income of the country as a whole, Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh were divided.
However, they have set a deadline of within 10 months for the management of the company to provide all the necessities related to the machine and also for the employees.
On the other hand, officials of government departments said that there are some projects which have been implemented slowly since the past years, such as the distribution of electricity in which almost all the households have but there are still a few households who still need to be supplied with electricity.
Applications submitted after the above date or incomplete applications will be rejected and the ration for the month of January, 2020 will be distributed by the nearest FP Shop.
The availability of young people who have trained themselves in various fields of education and training will become truly citizens who will be able to contribute to the development of the country in many areas or those productive human resources. .
He also asked the doctors of the hospital whether besides the food and drink, they give the patients something else to eat to get stronger but they replied that they give only B.Complex.
The SP of South Garo Hills, Bah Lakador Syiem, confirmed the incident and said, “The people surrounded the police station and threw stones at the police. They also burnt down 3 police vehicles, besides blocking the road, we cannot tied lathi them because there were also school children who came to the rally. lasted about 4 hours more".
She expressed her satisfaction that the government has listened to the demands of the union which has also gone through the path of strike.
The incident happened two days ago at Kurhara village in Attara tehsil of Banda district when Mahant Ramkumar Das, priest and in charge of Ram Janki temple, went to sell quintals of wheat in the government market.
Two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) including Mawkynrew MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh and Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem will join the party. Not only that, although these two MLAs have expressed that there is a proposal from the NPP, reports say that these MLAs may join the NPP before the elections in Sohiong.
The program aims to improve income, build roads, build residential houses, build buildings for the village, generate electricity from the sun and wind, to improve the media, to establish an information department in the village, to promote tourism and culture, to promote local businesses, to establish co-operative societies to ensure that the a dignified way of life, including agriculture, planting plants, making medicines, and others.
Terrible death on the cross, He suffered for you and me, That we might escape the triumphal death, He did not give up His life.
Besides these 300 teachers, he said that there are still about 700 teachers who have not yet received their certificates, but who have gone to be trained in this field.
The god of war and legends tell us that it was Indra who destroyed the city of the Dravidian Dasyus, located in the western part of India and used a thunderbolt to destroy it. castle.
Manipur has faced one of the problems at present due to the shortage of lawyers due to which up to 73,000 cases have had to be postponed.
It’s safe because we here, we just cook the food the right way.
WHO ARE THOSE WHO ARE INVITED TO THE FEAST AND DON'T COME? They are noblemen, busy with the accumulation of wealth, earning wealth, the pursuit of wealth and the pleasures of the flesh.
Nongstoin, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin, will hold the Open to All Marathon 2022 (7.3 kms) for men and women. women on the 26th of this month, as part of the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the independence of the State.
The Seng said that the opening of shops by foreigners is a source of employment for the youth and the indigenous people.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, while talking to media regarding the escape of a patient from the Civil Hospital, said that the government should be more vigilant. Public Address System and CC TV will be installed inside the Civil Hospital.
Langsning FC beat Umrit 9-1 in Group A at the Third Ground of the MFA at Polo, Jowai. Group B after beating Mulait United 2-0
Clifford Marak stood up first, followed by James K Sangma and everyone turned to the table of the Lamphang except Hopingstone Lyngdoh who is no longer healthy. .
At the same time, he said that the JSM troops should be helpers and protectors in the society and in the rule of law and not the creators of trouble or the perpetrators of violence.
On the other hand, these ad-hoc teachers who have been on strike for a month on the 4th of November, have not been satisfied with the decision of the Cabinet to increase their salaries. 6,000 for Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers, 9,000 for Higher Secondary and Science teachers at UP and Secondary levels as well as for Hindi teachers and 4th Teachers of SSA while the salary increase is 5%. Every year the government doesn't receive anything.
The rule book clearly states that on Thursday, the House will sit only from 10 am to 12 noon,” said Conrad.
He said that according to the announcement, the candidates must be able to speak the regional language and he wanted to know what the regional language is when in Meghalaya apart from English, it is only the language. Khasi and Garo recognized as additional languages.
Lyngdoh Sad said he agrees with the decision of the college authorities to suspend the work until a settlement is reached on the matter.
The Argentine Meteorological Department tweeted that the temperature rise was the hottest since records began in
The Jal Jeevan Mission is an initiative of the Central Government with the aim of providing safe and sustainable drinking water to the rural areas by
The camp was attended by Dr. Snigdha Pathak, Consultant Pediatric Surgeon, Dr. Peter Daniel, Consultant Pediatric Surgeon, Twinkle Sumer, Optometrist, Sister Rihok and Shubham, representatives of Sun Pharma. Laziz Pizza Jowai donated medicines and food and beverages to children.
In East Garo Hills, there are 6 cases of high risk.
Refusing to demand action on Gabriel's statement, Ardent said the demand is useless, because if the same ruling parties in the past years come back to power, they will not be able to do anything. do something.
The driver of the bus, Singwel Step War, hit a tree while turning behind his vehicle. .
Jowai, June 18: A home guard of the Jowai Traffic Branch, Jowai Police Station today lodged a complaint against a policeman of the 5th Battalion of Williamnagar, Khimusniang.
Jowai, October 4: The KSU Laskein Circle has expressed its strong opposition to the Government's plan to move the construction of a Residential School from Laskein to Shangpung.
The reason is that as the election for the post of Nongmihkhmat is approaching, many MLAs have been able to bring issues for discussion in this Dorbar to show that they have said something in the House.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Ngaitlang Dhar, in his speech, expressed his pleasure to take part in this day, which is also a memorial day for the War Jaintia Hills.
KHNAM believes that the seizure of rice from the Assam port may be the involvement of government officials and demands that the government should investigate immediately. Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing and F Marpna, Secretary, KHNAM Youth Wing, said in a statement.
On the occasion, the President of the KSU said that the police have promised to stop the Mela immediately and if it continues, the KSU will not be responsible. If it continues, he said, the KSU will lodge a complaint with the authorities regarding the discussions.
In the basketball tournament, the participants included Raymond Khongsit, Sankupar Reenborne, Beibie Patha, Jehovah Laldawmsang, Venpuia, Jordan Thangmalsawma, Rodrick Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Bawan Name Hynniewta, Kha Nangkit Silangver. , Daryl Henrick Langstieh, Dulon Banop Kharsati (Head Coach), Yolinda Hynniewta (Coach), Suzanne Dareen Sohphoh (Manager), Phiblari Kharmaw, Ibankerbha Mawlong, Grace Monica Bamon, Ibajanai Rani, Sophia Loren Lyngdo , Sanaki Clarisa Sawian, Hakidaroi Sumer, Saphira Sun, Daphinsara Swer, Daffiny Lamare, Maryliana Wansuk Jyrwa and Jacquelyne Kharpuri.
Mookhep scored 87/8 in 20 overs.
The Government of India wants to release the census on 30th November
Shillong: Members of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (FMA) in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills today protested by carrying placards to condemn the Indian government at the meeting of the Union Minister. Krishan Pal Gujar, Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, said:
“The government is ready to introduce rules to punish those who commit crimes and impose fines,” he said.
However, the Prime Minister has felt in a sad way,” said Bah Nongrum.
The 108-bed hospital will serve the residents of East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
Thousands of SSA teachers, under the banner of MSSASA, today took part in a rally from Parkinglot Polo to the Secretariat, to inform the government on the demand for the release of salaries. which they have not received for five months now.
The MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma has allocated T.16.00 crore to promote tourism to boost income in the state.
They live in people's homes and that is a clear answer,” he said at a meeting to discuss the dengue outbreak at Dhaka Medical College Hospital today.
Catherine Kharkongor scored the first goal for Lumparing in the 15th minute but Laitkor played hard and before the end of the first half in the 35'+2 minute, Iaraplang Nongrum scored the first goal for Lumparing. Then you score a bicycle kick.
Please close and charge the battery.
Kharmalki also asked the Minister of Health and Family Welfare who was silent on this statement of Bah Shylla.
There are Parliamentary Secretaries in every state like Assam and other states,” said the Mawphlang MLA.
It is within these 45 days that Jesus will descend on the Mount of Olives opposite Jerusalem.
In this regard, the state government has amended the Act in the Budget Session of the House this year.
The new cases include EGH: 29 (Others), EJH: 26 (Others), EKH: 226 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force —04, Others-222), NGH: 28 (Others), RBD : 26 (Others), SGH: 23 (Others), SWGH: 14 (Others), SWKH: 62 (Others), WGH: 63 (Others), WJH: 74 (Others) and WKH: 32 (Others) There are 427 recoveries.
And I have implemented this decision until today.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngain asked the Lamphang how he will sit in the ruling party when he is suspended.
Without stonecutters and quarrymen we would not be able to build various types of buildings.
They were arrested at Rilbong on their way to the dorbar hall where there was a fierce clash between the police and the people especially the leaders of KSKBUH. The Assembly Secretariat has given permission and a pass to listen to the report. These leaders and the people have been invited to sit and listen to the report. sit in the middle of the road to block the path of vehicles.
Earlier, it was reported that he will have to leave for Uttarakhand in July, but perhaps due to illness, they have not yet fixed the exact date and place.
In an interview with the taxi drivers, who used to operate in Mawdiangdiang area, they expressed their regret to hear this news, as this has never happened before.
When anxiety enters a person's life, it causes a person to be overwhelmed even by his own mind and it works very powerfully, and everyone cannot escape. from this anxiety, and the time when anxiety is most likely to take place is the time of youth.
Has the right of man been violated against the rights of mankind? Is it as if there is no God to judge? But that is not how God sees and rewards them according to their deeds, says the Word of God.
However, at the same time, Bindo said that the party president Dr Donkupar Roy knows better about this.
For such programs and rituals, while the ban on crowds and gatherings is in force, religious leaders will have to seek permission from the Government through their Deputy Commissioners regarding the conduct of these events. type of work.
The residents of the villages in the area, are opposed to the road, because they understand, that the secret purpose of the Assam government to build the road in the area, is how to get the road. This is the land of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Tuesday announced that it will hold a sit-in in front of the Secretariat from the 4th of this month to demand that the government introduce the State Employment Policy and will introduce a law that 80% of jobs in the private sector should be allocated to citizens.
He reminded that trees can not only protect the soil from erosion but also help to remove the waste from the soil and restore the environment.
A short meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the Kher Ramsongkator Youth Association, Samla Wanteidor Rajee. Wreaths were laid at the memorial of this great man of the region and the nation.
Heimonlang, besides playing well at the time and tied and scored 44 runs, also took three wickets in 6.4 overs which was enough for him to win the man of the match award.
On this occasion, the farmers received training from Dr.HHMohrmen and Habandajop Lyngdoh on how to farm and especially how to make natural fertilizer themselves.
In India, Kerala is the first state to launch this, with the Cochin University of Science and Technology admitting female students in July
They were identified as Damanbha Ripnar alias Shall Lapang, Robinis Ripnar, Jill Tariang and Shining Nongrum.
But I'm afraid because my clothes are like that when I came, and when I came out they were exactly like that.
Furthermore, the program will help these youths to escape from being involved in the GNLA or any other armed groups, and will also encourage them to join the police, sources said.
Marak State Project Director (SPD) of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan State Education Mission Authority Meghalaya (SSA-SEMAM) at his office.
National People's Party (NPP) spokesperson Marcuise N Marak said there was no difference of opinion within the party regarding the election of the MP candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly.
It is to be recalled that in the second month of July 2021, the Assam Police from Langpih BOP after Nepalis living in Lawbah informed that there is a road construction in Umwali village which is from the MNREGS scheme, so they came and stopped immediately.
Two persons have been arrested in connection with the incident. The cows were smuggled from Dhenisha, Meghalaya for slaughter.
Not only the market dwellers, but also the commercial taxis who are on the road for 12 hours, have expressed the same feeling and some have offered to sell their vehicles to pay the debt.
All G20 members have strongly agreed with the President's statement.
In addition to the Body Mass Index (BMI), which is widely used to measure whether a person is overweight or obese, it is the amount of fat around the blood vessels that is closely related to blood pressure. atrial fibrillation or a heart attack.
Kramar received the highest mark and Basilinda Phanbuh, St. Mary's College, BA 3rd Sem.
First day to present the Agenda, Second Day to discuss if there are any proposals for improvement, Fourth Day to decide on its enactment.
The road constructed by Assam is to connect Khanduli village from Tahpat, Langkeroi and Lapangap.
He said that the main reason why the teachers have to protest against the government is the demand of JACATAM to grant the rights of teachers like other government employees (Provincialization). ) and also that teachers should receive the same salary according to the work they do.
Dundee said the water samples were taken in two parts, one to check for bacteria in the water and one part for heavy metal or iron.
Speaking on the occasion, Pheinshwa Langlein MDC, u Pheinshwa Langlein, expressed his gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Mynsngat for supporting him physically and spiritually in the past five years. The support of the village for the upcoming MDC elections
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T.Lyngwa today said that after the search for used injections which were scattered along the road of Ksehkhohlong Village, According to the books in these 3 boxes, they belong to Dr P.Lyngkhoi.
Shillong, July 24: A member of the HNLC on Friday surrendered to the SP of East Khasi Hills with a receipt bearing the name of Lion Sports Club and a letter demanding money.
Esther Hnamte (Music.
He urged the people to use the products produced in the State including in the state government departments, in their homes and also in various workplaces to encourage the people to start using them. They didn't have anything to do with the rympei.
On the other hand, Prof RC Laloo promised to donate Rs 12 lakh for the improvement of the site.
The candidates said that the money should be taken but the vote should not be cast but given to the right person.
“First of all, we thank God every day,” said Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh of the Khongmawloh Kur, who is the General Secretary of the Khun. Herinsingh Khongmawloh Khongngai (son of my mother) who is the new Sordar of the Raid from 2011 to 2017 and this is the second time. you are your Sordar.
Evangeline F Sweetly, Lastone Syiemlieh, Monlang Lyngdoh and Donbestar Syiemlieh took part in the song.
Maitshaphrang Mowtyrchiah beat Pateinki Sabah 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
However, he said that if the arrangement requested by the HPC is not appropriate, the government will not approve it.
Arun Jaitley passed away on 24th July and Swaraj on 6th July.
Finally, I would like to say that the Bri U Hynniewtrep really needs brave and courageous leaders who will stand up to fight against the violence against the nation from time to time.
The Spot Registration for all participants will be held on the same day 26-June-2024 at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai, and the registration time will start at 6 pm.
“However, if the Government does not do so, we think that if we continue to conduct any programme, we cannot know what will happen because the youth are now in distress.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Malki Sports Club 4-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the JN Stadium.
He also discussed with the members of his constituency, who suggested that he join the MNF. condolences on the floods and loss of many lives in Sikkim.
However, when we look at the present age and heritage, which we claim to be wise, it does not fit at all from that time.
“We know that Jamshedpur FC is a very strong team, they have good players and that is why they can score goals.
The Government should listen not to play with the future of society but should be careful not to allow this city once known as the Scotland of the East to lose its colour. and my glory.
“There won’t be any cooperation.
Jowai: Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested three Nigerians while they were coming from Agartala by bus to Guwahati.
When examining the strong spirit of the youth and political leaders in the state, it can be said that there is not much difference compared to the independence of the state in
The year is from 31st November
RGICL works hard to provide the best health services to the people of Meghalaya through selected hospitals and health centers across the state.
Teachers will have to teach to complete a long course or syllabus because the government has asked teachers to complete all the subjects.
Police sources said that if no one comes to collect the body within 2 (Ar) days, the law enforcement agencies will take the necessary action.
Jowai: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) Jowai Circle, on this occasion wishes Beh Dieñkhlam a Happy New Year 2021 to all the people of Hynniewtrep and especially to the Seiñ Raij Jowai. In the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, we hope that we will all have a healthy body.
After receiving information from the residents, this reporter spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Pynter, Bah Kyrdan Khongthaw to inquire about the bridge.
The match between the teams ended 1-1
In the 2013 MLA elections, the Congress candidate for the mid-term MDC elections from the same party from Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency has nominated himself as Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang and received 5756 votes. KP Pangniang who received 7625 votes but now in the mid-term elections his caste has changed and now he is Kimfa Sidney Leong, he also showed that he is a resident of Nongkroh, PO Nongstoiñ. .
The Sub Center of Moodymmai Village has turned into a house and no one is looking after to improve it.
He said that the investment in human rights is one of the biggest challenges.
“Similarly, the President of the BJP in the state at that time, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, said, “The Seng has no intention of introducing any rules that are against the rule of law for the public.
The Kur Wahlang Pahsyntiew Phra Kpoh Union under the leadership of Bah S Wahlang Secretary has met with the CEM of KHADC on 30th July in the presence of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor EM Elaka. day for immediate inspection.
He said that the reason why this situation is difficult is because there is a difficult situation in the surrounding areas.
He said that this will be brought to the House in accordance with the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, 2003 (FRBMA).
The employees have decided to end their strike and start working on their own to give Conrad time to complete the work related to the employees of MCCL. Nongpoh: U Syiem of Raid Marwet, U Pa'iem Ken Syiem, in the presence of Bah Stephan Nongneng Daloi, Basan Nongumlong of Mylliem Hima, Bah BH Pathaw, Minister of Mylliem Hima, today. They went to Pillangku 'A' village and held a public meeting in the village to explain the plan to take over the land of the army in the area.
Specialist doctors from Apollo Hospital, Delhi including Dr.Suvro Banerjee, Consultant Interventional Cardiologist, Dr.B K Singhania, Consultant Neuro & Spine Surgeon and Dr.Shankar Loharuka, Consultant Neurologist.
Not only have we not been paid, but we have not been increased for many years.
It is also a way for believers who are dedicated to please God to have peace with Him. for the souls that are in trouble.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon was accompanied by Mawlai MLA Brighsterwel Marbaniang, Mawryngkneng MLA Heaving Stone Kharpran and several supporters.
The drug dealers were fined T.50,000 and handed over to the law, said Laloo.
The incident happened at 2 pm this afternoon, but fortunately the Manager of the complex came to the scene and arrested the suspects. The driver of the auto rickshaw managed to escape from the scene.
The words of a song have the power to penetrate the heart.
If there were an old man like Sohblei Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh and a young man like Bah HS Shylla in that year 1978, perhaps there would still be hope for the future.
The meeting was led by the MLA of Nongthymmai and the Working President of the UDP, Bah Jemino Mawthoh.
The District authorities have to send an inquiry, otherwise the matter has to go to court.
Revelation 20:5 / John 5:2
To repeal Para12A, Prof. Gassah said the approval of the Parliament is required.
There is no student who dares to explain what they say.
The cause of the overturning of the vehicle was because the driver was driving too fast and the vehicle was carrying too many people.
Referring to the transportation of agricultural products, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Meghalaya government has allowed the people to transport kwai, tympew, synsar and other agricultural products from the state. part to be sold to the public.
Marbisu CC, after tied first, managed to score 90 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 20 overs.
“Regarding the development of roads, the union suggests that the government of India and the government of Meghalaya should build a four lane road from Ratachera to Umiam (Damsite) so that to facilitate the transportation of goods and passengers"
! Hold for 10 seconds,! Suddenly she saw that her beloved was flying high with a parachute on her body. She was glad that the woman was dead because she too had another girlfriend whom she loved more.
To implement the PM Awas Yojana Scheme 100 percent.
The initiative to invite people from all over the country to participate in the celebration has been taken by the Central Government in line with the initiative of 'Jan Bhadidari'
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to renew the Health Benefits Package and other parts of the Insurance Contract of MHIS 6 and has now decided to implement the MHIS 6 Scheme in collaboration with PMJAY, to provide insurance of more than 5,30,000 for all members belonging to one group and eligible to benefit.
The VO has been able to set up 13 SHGs within it, to establish a group of women to stand on their own feet for self-employment and in the implementation. For the past 2 years, the Village Organization has done many good deeds and public services in the village especially to improve the women by donating money and raising funds.
On the other hand, AAYF President Salsam Marak appealed to other political parties in the region to come forward and support and urged the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to come and talk to the protesters.
The race started from the main gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium to Ladthadlaboh Main Road. School, DC Office, New Hill, National Highway, and ended at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
Today, the appearance of the Ïewduh has not changed much, but the question arises whether the Ïewduh is still the 'pliang ja' of the Khasi? The answer to this will be found when we look closely at the number of shopkeepers in different markets in Ïewduh.
The group of NPP candidate from Amlarem constituency Stephanson Mukhim has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District should recount the vote after admitting that up to 200 votes were lost.
The Information Act shows that the government has spent T.22,47,50,000 to purchase 25,000 tablets (model XTRON Z7
However, she was the only player to finish less than her national record of 12.82 seconds.
but he that believeth not shall be damned" John 3:1
The video, which lasts 53 seconds, is of Shrikant Dwivedi, a police inspector, who is on duty, while the shrieh is sitting on his shoulder and squeezing his hair.
What shall we say then to such men? Isn't it time to revoke their license because they don't know the law and the meaning of that white line? driving laws in various ways and to promote them through the media and social media regardless of who they are.
The MoU was signed by Meghalaya Chief Minister Cornad Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma to Amit Shah on 31st July for review by the Ministry of Home Affairs. .
We cannot ignore the fact that we have to jam with the times.
“You cannot extend the term of council elections for unfounded reasons.
In this regard, the Prime Minister promised that he would take action to find out the truth and take the necessary action.
(1.3.5.7.9) This has affected the people of Bapli who still lack knowledge about even and odd numbers especially during this time of lockdown.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh, expressed his shock and sorrow to hear this news.
The Coalition Government, which has formed many parties, should ensure that those political parties should develop a common minimum program for the implementation of the same methods of working. benefiting the people of the State and teaching people how to stand on their own feet through various income generation opportunities.
We are also surprised that some of the land agents are of the same race and the most surprising thing is that even the Dkhars are of the same race.
This ban shall come into force immediately after the issuance of this order.
If our Chief Minister is brave enough to speak as mentioned above, then the border of Meghalaya has already been established.
“I was informed by the Secretaries of the two departments that there is a lot of corruption in the project and therefore, I refused to sign.
It is helpful to know that Mother Anne D'Auray Capaldi came from a family of seven brothers and two sisters.
The NDA's leading leaders are Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah, BJP President JP Nadda. Banerjee of Trinamool Congress, Nitish Kumar, Bihar Chief Minister, NCP leader Sharad Pawar. election of MPs to the Lok Sabha throughout India.
Their mission is to produce talented people by making crafts.
The teams at the bottom of the table (out of 4 groups) will be promoted to the 4th Division next year and 2 teams will compete in the final. They will be promoted to the 2nd Division.
The execution process is really difficult.
So far, 11,940 people have been infected and 253 have died in the country, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
He added that some schools in Shillong don't even have parking spaces which makes it difficult for many vehicles to park school buses.
The Chief Secretary gave a briefing at a meeting held on Thursday at Yojana Bhavan, Secretariat on the rejuvenation and restoration of major rivers including the Umkhrah, Umshyrpi in Shillong and Umkhen River.
The number of cases of corona virus in India has risen to 69,878 today, bringing the total number of cases to nearly 30 lakh.
He said that in these days, there are those who mislead through those scholars.
Doctors and farmers informed the Minister about the shortage of staff and medicines and said that laboratories need to be strengthened.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister in charge of Municipal Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling, said that he has no information on this and said, “I have asked the CEO to hold a meeting with the farmers and traders. to settle together because I don't want it to affect the farmers".
The following are the new office bearers of Khliehriat Circle: President- Shanborlang Bamon Vice President – ​​Synjoy Bareh General Secretary – Diamon Bareh Assistant Secretary – Trebor Shylla Organizing Secretary – Miki Talang Sport Secretary – Miki Bamon & Lionel Dkhar Secretary – Nubo Sumer & Pyniolad Muksor Finance Secretary – Rimiki Dkhar Art & Culture Secretary – Shanbor Langstang Discipline Secretary – Rowlandson Pale Office Secretary – Jerry Nongtdu Environment Secretary – Fourly Talang Executive Member: Rimiki Swer Fast Swer Kit Skhanglang Dkhang Egwell Ajwell Philan Philan Lamare Deciding Bareh Jackson Sumer Wing Chyrmang.
Don't let this world count anything because good times are coming for all of God's people.
His best effort should have been in the 37th minute when he saw Ryntih goalkeeper Dipanjan Debnath cross his line in an attempt to save the ball. Ryntih FC had almost scored in the 27th minute when K Lalro Sanga headed the ball into the net. Rangdajied goalkeeper Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew managed to save the ball from a free kick.
When asked about their residence after the incident, Ibajanai said that she lives at their house at Wahing Syiem, Smit. that they live as usual all the time, without any interference from the village and the inhabitants.
However, I would like to tell you readers, before you accuse this writer or those who accuse ri thlen, you should remember that our Jaitbynriew although in the past did not have writing but they still have a writing that is used to preserve those events and facts by writing them in stories or legends.
Meanwhile, the MLA of Nartiang distributed to Modop and Nartiang villages.
I explained to him with examples that when children play ball, the net (jar) attached to the goal posts helps to prevent the ball from reaching far and to ensure that the ball has entered and stopped. into.
The armed group has demanded that the government should grant amnesty to all the leaders of the group, otherwise the group may withdraw from the peace talks.
He urged the people to cooperate and build closeness with the police to curb crime in the state.
While the converted mothers tell their children that the Khasi worship the Syiar, they mislead the minds of their children, in their own country, the custom of the ancients, but the Syiar is the carrier of the word. judge before the man of God.
Firstbornson Dkhar of Lion Sports Youth Affairs was named Man of the Match.
On receiving information about the incident, Rupang this morning went to the home of the girl to get more information.
Speaking at the distribution program at Donbosco Technical School, Shillong on the 13th, Kumar said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India has made rapid progress in terms of electricity production. be a leader in the world.
However, it is not through this Christmas celebration that the poor will be affected, even if they don't get cake or bamdoh, but only a shyriew is enough.
It is understood that Rahul will be accompanied by 40-50 MPs and Priyanka Gandhi will also accompany him.
Furthermore, the Phe Office has also prepared prizes for the winners, the first place winners will receive a cash prize of T.10,000/- and the second place winners will receive T.10,000/-. .7,000/- and the third place winners will receive T.5,000/-. Besides these prizes, the winners will also receive a consolation prize of T.500/- for the fourth place winners. until the fifth.
“I don't usually stay at home alone anymore, I wanted to come and stay with you.
The Smt.
The CEM of KHADC said that in this age, it is necessary to put in writing so that the heritage can know about the working of the Hima Mylliem, the customs and traditions. that the next generation may know.
“For us, this is enough for MBoSE because those schools cannot do well not only once but many times,” said Bah Nongsiang.
He urged not to arrest, kill or harass the Sim Kbeit who temporarily invade Tyrso and surrounding areas, so that they can come immediately as friends of this area.
She said that those involved in the breaking of these pigs are the drivers of the supplier who delivered these pigs and not the people. They have refused to receive it because they are dead.
Your Byrhien And Ors.
A 15-year-old Muslim boy was seriously injured when he was burnt by four men for not saying Jai Shri Ram.
Admitting that there was an offer from the Congress, Ban said, “It is true that the Congress has offered a ticket from Pynthorumkhrah but I did not win”.
There was also a boat racing competition, swimming competition, beach futsal competition, scuba diving, painting competition and other sports.
“We want the traditional music to spread all over the world,” said War.
More than 100 people with disabilities participated in the event and entertainment games including balloon blowing, shuki racing and other games were held.
The construction of military bases alone has cost Rs 316 crore and the purchase of vehicles has cost Rs 58 crore.
When inquiring from some of the village elders, the union found that this deterioration of the road has been going on for nearly 10 years.
The authorities directed to implement it are the State Government, the State and Central Pollution Control Boards, the North Eastern Space Application Center and the Integrated Regional Office, the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
Throughout the day, he also mentioned many schemes received from the Government of India through the Ministry of Textile and Handlooms, but it is the duty of the textile manufacturers to use them properly and take advantage of them. the government is pouring in those special resources for weavers.
“We strongly condemn the action of the EC of JHADC and demand that he should be removed immediately or else the CEM himself should resign”.
On the other hand, when Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit was CEM in the District Council, he issued an order to send uniforms to the Daju workers in the market.
The President of the NPP Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said, “Other parties, you accuse the NPP, you throw stones at it, you say it is a traitor to the nation. , you say it is a thief, I want to ask especially that new party, show me in Nongstoiñ how many inches of road you have built that I want to ask those who say I love the nation.
So, the numbers and information that we have from the past only allows us to understand where we are now," Conrad said.
The Shillong Run has been held since 2011 and the participants are mostly children and some are adults.
The hearing is scheduled to be held at 10.30 am at Court No. 11.27 people have died in the floods and heavy rains in Mumbai in the past few days.
The new cases include EKH: 90, RBD: 3, SGH: 1, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 3, WGH: 3, WJH: 27 and WKH:
There are 56 recoveries from the disease.
There are 36 banks in the state, including 21 public sector banks, 10 private banks, one regional rural bank and 4 cooperative banks.
The match on Thursday at 4 pm will be between Ryntih SC which is in the fourth position with 11 points against Mawkhar SC which is in the bottom position with 2 points.
He said the decision was taken on 14th July,
The allegation by Bah RV Lyngdoh as an MLA from Mylliem Constituency and as a Khasi shows that he is misleading the government and many churches.
In Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, the contest will be between the incumbent MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit of KHNAM and the Congress candidate of Rocky Hek.
Others hold the beginning of the year service in the temple, while others drink alcohol with insults, rape, and rape of women and children.
The Minister also informed that some ASHAs receive Rs 18,000, Rs 28,000 and one ASHA working at Bhoirymbong CHC receives Rs 31,0 amount.
Rising Star beat Lion Sports by six wickets while Khliehtyrshi Sports Club beat Khimusniang by five wickets in the first leg of the first leg of the tournament.
Besides, Shallam urged to complete the Iawmusiang as the MLA has done the jubanlak from time to time.
There are 260 schools recognized by the MBoSE in Shillong and Tura regions, 180 in Shillong and 80 in Tura.
However, on the 12th November 2023, Banrilang Rani has fallen into the river near Lawkhla Mawlong Village.
The National Coal Gasification Mission has found its way after the Minister of Finance announced four pilot projects in his speech when he launched this year's budget.
“I am pleased to announce that several robbers involved in the kidnapping and murder of Phijam Hemanjit and Hijam Linthoingambi have been arrested from Churachandpur today,” he said. Chief Minister N Biren Singh in a statement sent to the media.
When Jesus told us about the beginning of those troubled times, he also said, “When you see these things, the events of the past and the present are only signs and reminders, not to be compared with that. you can't come.
The notice has also been sent to the Special Superintendent of Police (CID) to inform all the Police Stations of the Districts.
That is, the sinners and the righteous.
On the other hand, the MDC of Rambrai Constituency, Rambrai Constituency, has requested the support of the KHADC not to allow the construction of the Kulsi Dam project. to consider carefully this matter and to include him, including the chiefs of the Hima who intend to build this dam.
Indeed, district councils have been working closely with villages/elaka to implement various schemes.
Most of the people in those days were very poor and many could only build small houses.
Furthermore, the union said that it will seek accurate information on the proposal to build a coal factory in these four villages because according to information, even a public hearing has not been held before giving permission. ).
“What can you expect from this government looking only at its Political Advisers, even the people do not accept them in the elections but they are the advisors of the government.
“I hope that this MDA 2.0 government will now be able to work well to show the people what they know and the truth is two parts and we need to work hard because in the election. “The contest for the NPP candidates has been very difficult”.
After the meeting, the registration for animals through the District Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department and the distribution of veterinary medicines for pigs – 58 to 16 farmers, goats – 37 to 7 breeders and cattle medicine – 38 to 9 people who are breeders.
Indian cricketer Shubman Gill has moved up to fourth place among the batsmen according to the ICC's ODI rankings released on Tuesday.
Mylliem beat Umphyrnai 1-0 in the 52nd minute by David Kupar Kurkalang.
In the first leg, FAM beat Luti Tuber Ialong 3-0. Dachanmitre Dkhar scored the goals in the 17th & 55th minutes and Chelangki Shylla in the 10th minute. the 25
The shop was closed down after it was found that the shop was selling handkerchiefs to people who had already eaten books from the Bible. The shopkeeper has been involved in the robbery of the shop through photographs posted on social media.
The candidates who have been selected for 2023 include Baleh Khongthah from Umniuh Tmar, Therisha Mawthoh from Umrynjah near Umroi Airport, Party Kharsati from Lulong Puriang, Kitboklang Siangshai from Musniang, Khliehriat, Elu Nongapdo, Meribel Mynso of Mookaiaw and Anthony Nongrum of Madanryting are one of the disabled.
If you resist, it is like you hate him.
c Jaintia, which was the last team last year, will play against Yongstar f.
However, it is a time of joy, because once every five years we have been given the opportunity to overthrow unjust rule and bring about a clean, transparent and fair rule of law.
When the father is no longer the owner, he is called the father.
Meghalaya won one silver medal and five bronze medals.
He said that as the residents of the village, they are filled with surprise and the reason is the failure of the Meghalaya government to look into the implementation of development projects especially in the border areas. He encouraged the Assam government to cross the border by investing in development projects and requested the Meghalaya government to take action to develop land in the area, he added.
Nambie Marak from West Khasi Hills said it was very difficult to reach the semi final of the cooking competition which is a protest in India.
On the passing away of Deenadayalan Vishwa, the Lamphang and the Minister of Sports sent their condolences to the family and loved ones.
The FOCUS is clear and I have launched it together with the Prime Minister to help our farmers as a grant but I don't know about the other schemes.
Through hard work we can always become successful people.
And there is not a single team that will lose all the games in the 2023 MSL tournament where it will maintain its strength for the first time in this big tournament in state.
Of course we are not all doctors, nurses or staff in this service but through the gift we have become a Christian family.
Jowai: The District Child Protection Unit (DCPU) today conducted a street play program as part of the awareness campaign among school children and the public on the schemes. various children including the Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS), Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act), POCSO Act, Child Rights and Child Abuse.
On the occasion, Bah Samlin said that the President of the UDP and the President of the HSPDP have not yet announced whether they will go their own way or end or continue the RDA. now you are still in the dark.
At present, there are about 50 participants including officials from Meghalaya who have taken part in the championship.
He said the government distributes textbooks and the government is also preparing to provide ICT and Computer training in 250 schools.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the victory of the Congress party in the MDC elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GARDC) is due to their leader Dr Mukul Sangma. Try.
On the same day, many churches who came to listen and protest against the plan of the Assam government to dam water in Wahkhri. I have written to the government and the KHADC to oppose the government and if the Assam government acts by force, the party will not hesitate to show its actions to protect the country and the nation.
He hopes and expects, therefore, to develop this place which has been reserved by nature to attract tourists in the future.
There have been 2,218 new cases of covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to 57,7
The reason is that this salt dissolves in rainwater and thus can sink into the soil and rainwater, or run off without benefiting the plant.
The song was composed by B'EASTT, while the music was recorded by TONE COLORS and recorded by Amos Suting.
One of the researchers written by Sir William James says that people who do good things expect to be congratulated or praised, and to be praised is the best way to prove that they have done it. she's ready.
Before leaving the state, a short meeting was held at JN Stadium, Polo where the former Indian player and now MLA of Mawphlang Constituency, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh is also the President of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
He was arrested by the police during a raid on the house this morning.
The meeting elected President Keder L Nonglait and Secretary Phraswel Nongphud along with 16 members.
We have never seen Bah Pala do anything that can be called “OUTSTANDING”.
The Governor of the State will be the chief guest.
He said that the Sonapur Bridge has been improved and now it is safe for vehicles to pass through the bridge.
Nongpoh, June 12: Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar and leaders of the Union of Border Area Rangbah Shnongs today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to protest against the arrest of Three Khasi youths have been arrested by the Assam Police on the 10th of this month from Umpaklong village on charges of planning to burn down a bridge at Wah Umler. According to the Meghalaya Police, the case is being investigated.
Police have recovered 13 boxes of illegal cigarettes from the vehicle and are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest the suspects.
Bah Living said that there was a dispute between the Thangkhiew Lai Kpoh clan and two cases arose, and it was here that the demand for the appointment of Basan arose.
He said there are 64 schools under the RMSA, including the construction of school buildings, hostels and others.
The aim of the program is to prepare the youth of Meghalaya, to acquire knowledge and desire to build, and to provide them with the opportunity to showcase to the world that there is a struggle. and the needs of the market.
So she worked hard to finish her work so that she could go to the house of her friend and neighbor whom she loved so much.
Speaking at the meeting held at Mawlai Nongkwar, he expressed his principles to serve the people, and one of the principles he has put forward is to eradicate drugs from the country. constituency, along with other development projects and policies for the development of the youth.
“This is to introduce mismanagement of public administration without permission in all the Himas according to the different villages especially in Meghalaya which has its own Autonomous District Councils and which is still under the minority. status of the Constitution of India,” said the AIM. Blood tests, weight and height measurements as well as other medical treatment on many occasions without public information and explanation especially through parents who care for their children. .
PM Santhosh took three wickets for 41 runs and Lokesh Turaha took three wickets for 45 runs.
“We cannot say that we can give them because the work they do is contract work,” he said.
On the other hand, SP Sharma also brought with him the order issued by the Supreme Court directing the state government to seek clarification from the CMJ University and to respond within three months on the issues with the CMJ University. allegations of misuse and mismanagement of CMJ University.
“The Welsh Mission Hospital in Jaaw is known as the Roberts Hospital and this hospital has now celebrated 100 years of service to the people.
In another match, Mawpat beat Umphrup with two goals from Pynehbok Pyngrope in the 29th minute and Tyngshain Marboh in the 43rd minute.
Shillong: The opposition MDC, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that although the council has spent T.18 lakh to pay four employees to look after and raise fish, the council has not been able to produce The existence of this fish pond is located in Lailad, Ri Bhoi District.
Laitkor Sports Club has reached the final of the Second Division Football Tournament of the Shillong Sports Association.
If we read from the Gospel of Luke 23:26 terter it tells us about the incident when Jesus was crucified and left with two criminals to be put to death. And one of them said, Art not thou the Christ ? save thyself, and us.
In this incident, two journalists, Ruhipaia C. Phawa and D. Paul Lamare were attacked by the owners of coal trucks under the leadership of JHTOA president Balen Thubru while they were collecting information about the coal trucks. This happened at 4-mer, Mihmyntdu near Jowai town and in this robbery, the two men were shot and their camera was destroyed.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Shillong Soccer Scout has won the Under-16 Football League 2023-24 2023-24 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association. Merinda FC beat Merinda FC 2-1 in the final on Saturday (10th June 2024) at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
If it wants to see that the Congress will not win in Meghalaya, it will have to support its allies in the MDA, not only in the Shillong seat but also in the Tura seat.
And the fields that used to be cultivated are no longer cultivated.
However, that too could not succeed in the Khasi Jaintia Hills because the leading members were determined to stand firm on their foundation and were defeated to destroy their nation.
At the end of the match Shavian scored 7/8
Through this mission, two villages, Aminda Simsanggre and Chambagre in West Garo Hills have been awarded the Best Village Panchayat Awards in the second and third places.
He (Jesus) carried the glory of God wherever He went and the people were amazed to see these things.
“I am afraid that the farmers will be evicted from this land acquisition by the government,” said Bah War and urged the district council to take action.
Rev.Thomas Jones had to flee from these robbers and it was only with the help of the Labasa (Khla) in the sacred laws of Pomreng that he was saved from the hands of these robbers. and they that rode upon horses, when the Labans drove away their horses, and the horses fled into the fields.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has inaugurated the two-day Buyer Seller Meet and SHG Mela at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on 14th November.
The incident at that time was also due to the border disputes with Assam where the invaders were allowed to flee to the state after committing crimes, theft and others. pat is not available in this State.
SSA General Secretary SS Rapthap, SSA General Secretary Bishar Warkhyllew Regarding the inter club transfer which started on the 3rd and will end on the 15th June.
Furthermore, under the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, PROGRESS, 1000 piglets (3 females and one male) were distributed to 250 farmers in South Garo Hills District.
According to the programme, various church groups as well as the Seng Khasi Seng Khihlang, Sein Raij will take part in the song and dance, there will also be a drama from the Catholic Church, Shillong Diocese.
“Now we have listened, whatever happens, whatever happens, we are weak, poor, stupid that the rich and the powerful can do whatever they want,” said another elder who did not want to be named. you're right.
“We expect the authorities to take the necessary action because in the complaint we have included photographs to witness the work of this road construction company,” said Bah Evanfield Khonglam.
They said that the most worrying thing is for the school children who have to walk up to 5 and 6 kilometers every day due to the lack of proper roads.
Nongpoh: U Bah Lan Syngkli, President of the RBYF 20mer Circle, on Tuesday said that the RBYF demands from the state government and especially the PWD department, to order the contractors to work immediately. The 27 KM road from Umdu to Umrit, which was laid the foundation stone in 2020 and has received a budget of T.58 crore from the World Bank.
Despite the chaos, Babikian received an emergency call inside the shop and alerted the police about the incident.
Many elders from different villages delivered their speeches on the occasion.
That is why there has been a boom in infrastructure within the state.
There is no other way but to encourage our youth to take responsibility for education and all the evil deeds happen because of the lack of education,” said Ajmal.
Those who have a healthy body should be transported, the places should be cleaned and disinfected before these cows are placed for meat.
Now only the nations and the people.
Therefore, we have sent them (members of the HNLC) back with a request and our request is that when they are ready to please inform us because as the State Government and the Central Government they are still waiting to don't worry about it," he added.
Show me where that writing is.
“The BSF should not be the enemies of the people in our area.
Leaders of the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) Sutnga District also met with the DC to demand that these factories should be stopped at Soo-kilo, Umthe and Umpleng.
The money is from the Consolidated Fund of the Government of Meghalaya for the payment and implementation of the projects.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kospar Ryntathiang and was attended by Bah Brightstar Marbaniang, MLAs from the Voice of the People Party (VPP), elders, women, youth and the people of Mawkyrwat. who came to listen to explanations from the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP).
Thongni Football Club played against Dong Thiepdiengngan Football Club on the opening day of the tournament. At the end of the first half and second half, they scored two goals each.
“Due to the absence of Amit Shah, the Organizing Secretary Ram Lalji will visit on the 8th-10th,” he said.
In his speech, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that the farmers of West Khasi Hills need assistance in the field of agriculture. the inhabitants are farmers and ranchers.
JOWAI: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, on Tuesday said that the state government has proposed to the central government to suspend the implementation of the 3-language formula to teach Hindi in schools. throughout the country.
Nongnah village is located in South West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya and is on the road to Ranikor.
Of course she told me but this daughter states that you wish you had come home to meet me.
Deibormame Tongper scored a hat-trick while Nakul Ajay scored the other goal.
Glad you remember your school days.
By Bah Philip Marwein The suffering of the Rohingya people has not come to an end but has just begun this year.
Terrible demands.
The program started on Sunday when the children of Panaliar village together with the Village COVID-19 Management Committee and the Village Defense Party (VDP) conducted a cleanliness drive.
This year too, there are more than 100 people whom I have employed including men to do household chores.
He said that no one will be allowed to walk around the cemetery.
The HYC also requested to conduct an inspection at any time to find out the truth.
I want the pandemic to end and the curfew to end.
Sohphoh, whom we don't know, is also the descendant of Babu Jeebon Roy.
““Since the increasing power outages, MeECL without public notice has turned off the power at will and has failed to provide full service to the consumers.
Thus Jeremiah's prophecy concerning Israel says – “As the LORD liveth, which brought up and brought in the remnant of the house of Israel from the farther north, and from all countries; and they shall dwell in their own land.
The President Rangbah of the party, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, said that the mid-term MDC elections are a golden opportunity for the BJP to stand up and announce the schemes of the central government. that the people of this state should understand what their rights are and whether these schemes have reached the people.
However, the Hima Mylliem has banned the inspection of the cows by the doctors of the AH&VD department and the inspection of the sohshkor. There is no such thing as a market in Khanapara.
This is just one example.
Regarding the statement of Lop Stevenson that those who have cases cannot run the village affairs, this is wrong and shows that this young man does not understand the law because as of now the law of the district council does not prohibit The Rangbah Shnong is not allowed to become a Rangbah Shnong just because he has a case.
“When I have my own income, I am proud to call especially my brother-in-law.
The venue for the tournament was held at the Kurkalang Bhoirymbong Stadium.
Speaking to reporters, Sadar Sub-Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) Ajay Kumar Das said that it was after the arrest of four drug dealers that the suspect was arrested. drug dealer last Friday night.
Behold, the Holy Virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name IMMANUEL, which means God with us.
Slamming the parties that have ruled the state, Bah Adelbert said that they have ruled the state by stealing and looting the wealth of the state and from the share of the people, but they come and to the people as a lamb of the field, to deceive and to deceive.
The 21st Law Commission of India, after careful consideration on the reform of the Family Law in India, has submitted its report in April, 2018 and recommended that the Uniform Civil Code should not be amended. long necessary or appropriate to implement," he said.
So far, 268 people have been infected, 54 have recovered and 4 have died.
“The opposition leader has said that the MDA government should replace their leader but Bah Hek said that if the parties in the MDA government need to replace the The leaders will sit down to discuss this issue.
The pilot of the spiecejet has been confirmed positive for Covid-1
) issued by the Government of India through the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions, Department of Personnel and Training New Delhi, on 5th November, 2005; the Office Memorandum dated 4th November, 2007 and the Compendium of Instructions No.F.No.36011/1/2022-Estt.
After receiving a tip from the police , the SP of East Khasi Hills , Bah M Kharkrang , said that the police have arrested two of them with weapons They were identified as Fairlock Ryngksai, 26, of Umpling and Bantei Kharnari, 32, of Boyce Road, Laitumkhrah.
Also present on the occasion was Dr. Evarist Myrsing, Observer on the implementation of the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra. He also congratulated the various government officers together with the Bhoirymbong C&RD Block who have conducted this training to the people so that they can understand many of the rights that they should benefit from various government schemes.
In this heritage, the most intense and increasingly frequent struggle to protect their rights from exploitation, assault and rape.
It is believed that these niut were broken at midnight at this place, near Amlarem, on the road leading to Padu, Khonglah and Amkoi.
The unexploded bomb, measuring 13 inches in length and 12 inches in circumference, was discovered at a private construction site.
The PDF leader also criticized the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma for allegedly taking advantage of the election through the Livestock Mission scheme which he distributed to the people for T.5000 tyngka.
Lakmen urged the students who have passed Class 12 to take the entrance test to continue their studies for BA, BSc and BEd at Kiang Nangbah Govt College because from 2030 onwards only those who have passed the 4 Year Integrated Course will be eligible. you are not a teacher.
They were also trained to participate in other activities such as storytelling, debate, photography, information, sports, social activities, and other competitions in which these police officers have participated actively.
Mirable Blah won the title of Most Talented Girl and Ninestar Thongni won the title of Most Talented Boy.
He said that tourism will be the sector to create many jobs in the state which will be an employment opportunity for the youth. “Every year we produce 60,000 graduates in the state. “If we don't take action to create new jobs and guide them to stand on their own feet, the reservation policy will not be able to provide jobs to all,” he said.
The union has questioned the organizers of ICARE and MTDF why they don't raise their voices or shares when the roads in the villages are bad as this affects their income and income but However, now they are speaking against the Sengbhalang by calling for a curfew.
After this, Langsning tried to pass the ball slowly between the front players and this style of play put Rangdajied in danger.
Besides, the transportation of the injured is also difficult because the Jaintia Hills does not have an ambulance to transport patients.
Therefore, as the family members, we urge the police to take action to search and arrest these robbers, he added.
During the programme, Dr W.Bamon also presented the reports on the RKSK program conducted in the district.
(MCAB) Mawsynram Branch, have faced many difficulties in terms of the timeline for depositing their personal funds as well as withdrawing funds in urgent need or even just to update their accounts. Their BankPassbooks are also the same, by which they have to stand in line for long periods of time.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The new Ramakrishna Mission School was inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya today at Shella, East Khasi Hills in the presence of the MLA of the area, Dr Donkupar Roy, IG BSF, PK Dubey and P Lawai, Secretary, SBPS and others.
Earlier, Ma D. Lamar, Research Officer Jowai, in his keynote address, said that the World Food Day is celebrated every year around the world to commemorate the foundation of Food and Agriculture. Organization (FAO) by the United Nations in 1945 and one of the 17 goals of the UN is to achieve zero hunger.
The total number of deaths from COVID-19 has risen to 85 so far.
We continue to monitor the Government of India and Defense Minister Amit Shah.
“In Mawsynram, it has never happened that two leaders of the constituency have come together under the same umbrella with the same idea in order to serve better the people of the constituency.
Rev.Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, 95 years old, has passed away on Saturday morning at 5:10 pm after undergoing treatment. who was admitted to Nazareth Hospital.
Two persons have lost their lives in a road accident on the Shillong-Jowai highway at Ummulong village on Sunday.
Also present at the meeting were Sujit Pathak, Organizing Secretary, Bharat Rakshya Manch; Hitu Bhatt, president, Awakening Watch; Gunajit Das, Sriram Service Corporation; Manoj Deka, Traditional Hindu Army; Lima Mahanta, World Hindu Cave; Sunil Singh, Hindu Surakshya Sena; Radha Devi, vice president, Kutumba Security Council and Dipankar Nath, Kutumba Security Council.
But he didn't dare to.
How many more committees are needed to resolve the boundary? We have true leaders who are selfish and irresponsible to the people.
Over time, the commercial vehicle trade has shifted towards increasingly sophisticated, even better systems and so on.
Meanwhile, it was in Punjab alone that the NIA raided up to 30 places.
It is understood that the man had the intention to target only women.
Shillong, July 10: The Mawphor Office today commemorated the 10th Anniversary of the passing away of the founder, (L) Bah Readington M.Marweiñ.
Thus ‘Unity is strength.
Here I will tell you that this one sitting next to me is my brother and these two are the sons of my mother.
Khliehriat Women Police Station has taken over the investigation into the incident and has been taken to the Kalain area of ​​Assam.
The Observer urged the Election Commissioners to work hard and said that all expenditure and cells will be operational to conduct searches when there is or is a sign of vehicles. those who carry money, alcohol, drugs with the intention of buying and deceiving voters.
The awards include the Raja Ram Mohan Roy National Award for Excellence in Journalism, which includes a cash prize of T.1,00,0
He said that they have already expressed their views in the previous dorbar.
I congratulate the MLA and Bah F Khongsit the contractor for completing the project ahead of schedule,” said Bah Kharmudai.
He also urged the players of both the teams not to waste their talents, but to use them properly and to work hard to reach the goal.
Earlier, on July 29, Customs officials at Trichy International Airport seized USD 10,000 worth of foreign currency from the passengers.
According to the residents of the area, this flower blossomed in 2003 but since then it has not blossomed again until after 12 years of flowering again.
However, speaking to reporters, the NPP leaders said that there has been no such withdrawal of independent MDCs from the GHPA, but they admitted that there are still more MDCs. individuals who have offered to work with them.
We expect the Government to set a better example in the area of ​​cleanliness.
Therefore, the people should elect them to win again in the 2023 election for the glory of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole.
These VDPs who received these awards have worked tirelessly to arrest the criminals and hand them over to the police and also in helping the police to arrest the criminals.
They are still in Delhi.
The inability of the government to operate the cement factory in Mawmluh shows the weakness of the government, until the employees of MCCL have to take to the streets with the people to demand their salaries. Foreign private factories can perform better than government factories until they can set the price of cement per barrel at a higher price.
“How can these police protect the people when their residence is not safe and their bedrooms are covered with plastic and the construction is like a “It's a one-day sher dara,” said Aibor, adding that the road to enter this place is also impassable during heavy rains.
Bah Paulus is the first person in the state to win a prize of up to Rs 100,0
According to the Gospel of Mark, there was a tax on the people, especially the poor, on various taxes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) Leader, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, who is also the party's candidate for the Legislative Assembly election from Nongkrem Constituency, has strongly criticized the National People's Party (PDF). NPP) by saying that the revenue collected by the Government has reached the NPP and while the people are still living in poverty but the NPP does not want to expand the party to other states.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Donald V Thabah, said that the KSU has tried to meet the Minister to discuss the issue, but she has not been available. .
The meeting was conducted by the teacher of Thomas Jones Synod College, Kong CD Tongper in the presence of the residents of Ïalong, students and teachers of the college.
When asked about the decision to cancel the strike, Rymbai said, “The final decision will be taken after the teachers have held a meeting to discuss this issue”.
There was also a public slogan at Sharif University, chanting "Commander in Chief, resign!" A Ukrainian plane crashed on Tuesday morning and Iran has claimed responsibility for the shooting down of the plane. it was their mistake, because of the war with America.
He said that the party has submitted RTI for all the past three years to find out whether those appointed by the state government have benefited or not. The Planning Department has four Councils or Committees, one Meghalaya Development Economic Council headed by an MLA and the MLA has a Chairman or Co-Chairman and others.
Kantara, one of the films released in 2022, was also the best film of the year and was nominated for the Oscars.
According to the officials of the Urban Development Department, all these slum areas have been transformed due to the lack of drains, roads, water supply, infrastructure and others. the needs of the people.
The office has been closed since 2nd November
Qualification : Your qualification is a long snap; skill is the ability to know and understand in any field.
The management of West Karbi Anglong, led by Dr Mansing Rongpi, MLA of the area, today visited the construction site on the border of Assam and Meghalaya. , along with Rupsing Teron, Executive Members of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), along with Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong, Prodip Rongpi and Superintendent of Police, Mrinal Talukdar.
Shillong: The Wildlife and Environment Protection Group (WPC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, alleging that there is smuggling of coal through the NH 40, 44 and NH 6 and alleged that the smuggling of coal, is going smoothly, without the supervision of the State Government.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Olansing Suiñ, MLA Mawsynram Constituency, expressed his special gratitude to all those who have taken part in the Umsawrang Lower Primary School for celebrating its 50th anniversary. He thanked the teachers who have worked hard since the beginning of the school to provide education and hoped that through the hard work of the teachers, they will produce more students who will become such as those children and residents who will be the leaders of the city even if it reaches 100 years.
Nevertheless, the friend expressed his feelings.
We have reached the top and there is no place to climb further so we have to climb higher.
He also announced that the state government will provide assistance of T.5 lakh to the families of those who lost their lives today.
Ampareen said that kwai is one of the commodities that the Ministry of Agriculture will focus on in the coming years. I don't know if it will be accepted as one of the crops that can be exported.
The Hayya card can be carried by the public so that they can use it for travel on the days of the games and will also be useful for entering public places.
Andhra Pradesh ranks first with more than 11 lakh participants. 100% implementation of government schemesThe Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra is a nationwide initiative aimed at reaching 100% implementation of government schemes. full delivery of key government initiatives, with the assurance that benefits reach all who are eligible.
He also referred to the sports in the state, where the government has fought to host the National Games in 2022 which is the year when Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th Independence Day.
With the introduction of the CAB, the BJP has been the reason for the opposition of the ethnic parties in the region and here in the state, they have demanded the withdrawal of the NPP-led government. BJP President Amit Shah has promised that the BJP will take up the bill again if it comes to the Rajya Sabha. power.
He said that Meghalaya, which does not have a Panchayati, has rules in which the central government will allocate funds to them.
As the minutes went by, Mawten SC started to show their strength and with hard work they managed to score the first goal in the 78th minute from Terrence Jyrwa, and Lastborn Syiemïong scored the first goal in the 85th minute for Mawten SC to win the title 2-0
Besides, they said that the delay in cleaning the road has also attracted tourists to Nongkhnum and Weinia and has tarnished the reputation of Nongkhnum.
This makes us feel that we will reach the point where we will no longer trust lawyers and government agencies in the future.
Meanwhile, the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, who intends to contest the election from West Shillong Constituency, has visited the site to conduct an investigation.
Conrad also congratulated Prestone and expressed his confidence in his leadership.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday, 25th June 2024, visited the cantonment area adjacent to the Mator area, after receiving complaints from many people. There are many people who are accustomed to selling drugs in the area.
The award was presented by the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes at his office on Tuesday.
And that word is LORD. Which means THE LOVE OF THE LORD, and these are related to the SACRIFICE OF GOD THAT HE HAS ACCEPTED. GOD.“But he shall wash the inwards and the legs in water: and the priest shall burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, which is an offering made by fire of the LORD. it is a sweet savor unto the LORD" – (Leviticus 1:9).
“This is unacceptable,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, July 9: U Fernandes Savio Dkhar, who is also the State Youth President of the Trinamool Congress Youth Wing, has prepared to contest from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency in the upcoming MLA election. next month.
The SP said that Chekan was involved in the murder of Rinang Sangma, also known as Wanding. Police have admitted that Ronseng was working under the supervision of the Deputy Commander-in-Chief. This is the name of Rupanto Marak.
Speaking to X, Kangana said, “I don't eat meat or any red meat and it is very shameful when false allegations are made about me”.
Why didn't Abraham let those servants go with him to that mountain? Because he knew that if they went together, they would be tempted to sacrifice Isaac.
The protein we get through motors contains leucine, an amino acid that plays a role in muscle building, muscle building and muscle contraction.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen said that the rally was also part of the meeting to raise awareness and clarify on the demand to amend the Reservation Policy 1972 for the benefit of the people of Khasi Jaintia.
“The National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) has sent a Pre-Feasibility Report to the Ministry of Electricity on the feasibility study it has conducted at one site for the implementation of the Pumped Hydro Storage Projects.
Dashngain Sukhalin was awarded the Man of the Match award, Pynshngainlang Tyngkra of Niaw Wasa United won the Man of the Match award and Banteilang Shylla of Ladthadlaboh SC won the Top Scorer award. Risanlang Dkhar of Niaw Wasa United scored seven goals and was named Player of the Tournament.
However, these signs and symptoms prove that the greatest danger to us, as a nation, is our quickness to be misunderstood, to be led astray. also, in infants who are still unconscious.
Among those accused of misusing public funds is the CM Conrad Sangma.
“There are many of our children who have been injected and have lost their bodies, so when they said to treat covid with an injection, I was very careful.
Nongstoin, November 06: The Mawphanlur Tourism Festival 2015 has been organized by Mawphanlur Integrated Village Cooperative Society Ltd in collaboration with Shillong. , which was held for two days, ended on Saturday last month.
However, the Fire Service policemen were not prepared.
Furthermore, the construction of the road from Shillong to Tamabil especially in Upper Shillong has been slow due to the suspension of the work due to the withdrawal of the company which built this road.
The tournament was inaugurated by Kong Isawanda Laloo (IAS), Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District.
The laws of the Hima should be strengthened; and for the Hima which do not yet have a written law, it should be made immediately.
Nongstoiñ, June 4: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi today visited Riangdo area to inspect two weight bridges. one in Mawpun H and the other in Nongdomprut.
In North Garo Hills, 23 cases, 18 cases in Ribhoi, 84 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 36 cases in Mawlangwir and 28 cases in Nonglang.
Tableland Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, in his speech, said that the government alone cannot accomplish many tasks but it needs the people of the village, who including community leaders, NGOs, and church leaders.
Pynsakhiat Dkhar scored the first goal for Mowtyrshiah in the 42nd minute.
He said that even the roads are still lacking in proper infrastructure to prevent accidents.
He also wished the Church to continue to do better and to grow in the faith and not to be led astray.
These projects have been implemented with funding from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund.
At present in Israel there are groups known as “Zionists” who believe that the nation of Israel is chosen by God and only they have the right to live in Israel.
The two SWKH leaders met with the Deputy Commissioner Bah A.Mawlong in the presence of Bah EK Raswai MDC beautiful ways.
After returning, they submitted a report to the government and this work has remained pending and as the union they did not expect that this work is still going on, but it was on 15th November 2016 that the government and The union has signed a social agreement to implement the State Consumer Helpline Meghalaya.
When inquired, Rev. Kharmawphlang said that the two church leaders had gone to Bihar to meet with a fellow pastor and according to information, the incident occurred while they were holding a prayer inside the house, where it seems there were strangers, confused over this.
The residents said that those who threw themselves into the water, misunderstood, when someone tricked them, by saying, that this is not an injection to prevent corona, but, it is an injection, which is bih. he is cat.
Besides the members of the Forum, experts from the government, industry and education experts were also invited to discuss the issue.
These include reporting on complaints from people, training programmes, strengthening processes, use of IT for complaints redressal, updating notices, procedures, documentation provide explanations and resolution of pending complaints.
How to take care of a child who is pregnant? How to take care of a child who is pregnant?
Sohmynting have two points and Lumiawmuchai Shangpung have three points.
We cannot say that the Khasi language has disappeared.
He said that the party strongly condemns the Assam government for crossing the border from time to time.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Executive Member of Mawkyrwat Constituency, expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the leaders of the DSEO for their support. Phlangkynshi Government Lower Primary School (Phlangkynshi Government Lower Primary School) has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country. intelligent.
The mother said that she too had forgotten to turn off the phone when her daughter heard it.
Before the distribution of these food items, the Chairman of the Village, Cheerful Ryngkhlem, gave a welcome speech and thanksgiving speech, followed by a short prayer by Tbn.Shatbha Ryngkhlem.
What does this mean? “It's just because I saw that there was a chance to win,” said Bah Mayborn.
Banrilang Rani said that every day she leaves home at 8 pm and goes to another road, but on that day because she left later, she went. go by another road that is nearer.
Conrad said that it is for the first time in the history of the State that the three regions have participated in the generation of electricity in their own capacity, which has helped the country. the State to receive electricity.
Shillong: The remains of Bah Walter Kharkongor, also known as Bahlung Michael Jackson, were laid to rest this afternoon at the Catholic Cemetery, Umm. shor shor, in the presence of relatives, friends, neighbours, Catholic believers and others.
Speaking to media, Bah John Richard Syiemlieh, said that on 6 June 2022, on his way back to carry shyiap, he escaped death after being shot dead by the guards at the tax collection point. and in Ladmeri they smote him.
“I wish all the children, they are the future of our country,” said Mamata while handing over the gifts to the children.
However, at the same time, they said that those government employees who went to work during the office blockade, if anything happens, they will not be held responsible.
They did not continue to resolve the issue in other ways and Assam continued to use force from time to time.
“Those who go to queue at the bank wear masks and social distancing only if the police come.
Ibashembha Khongsit (4 & 29) and Ibarihun Nongsiej (33 & 58) scored two goals each.
After the villagers left Phlongkor, they settled in a place called Thangbuli.
Regarding the incident of murder of the Longkmie from the village, those who spoke said that they will rely on the law enforcement authorities to punish the robber who took the precious life of the villager. you Longkmie.
On the NPP's nomination of Prestone Tynsong as the Chief Minister, Agatha said that there has been a discussion that the post of Chief Minister should be taken from the constituencies with the highest number of MLAs. If the majority is from Khasi Hills, the Prime Minister shall be Khasi and if the majority is from Garo, the Prime Minister shall be from Garo Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 08: As part of the celebration of International Women's Day 2023 on the theme, “The Age of Technology in Gender Equality” (DigitALL : Innovation and Technology for Gender Equality), the villages in South West Khasi Hills District with great festivities to celebrate this special day.
New Zealand's Daryl Mitchell finished 26th.
She said that MUDA has to implement the High Court order on the Housing Act until the government can set up another body to look after the construction of houses outside the boundary. MUDA: The meeting discussed the delay in the MUDA Building Act which has many delays which has caused trouble to the people and the government will convene another meeting of the MLAs to discuss this issue. added.
Blik Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, said that these posts have been installed within 10 days after the Assam government brought in heavy machinery. However, it is surprising that the Meghalaya government has slept lyngngai despite the opposition of the people.
A total of 120 badminton players took part in the tournament.
He said the central government has so far sent several relief packages for the fight against Covid-19 in Meghalaya.
!" Rida said suddenly, “Why.
When the Congress leaders visited Mawphlang Constituency, they said that the death of the father has nothing to do with the struggle of the son, because the sympathy is over.
Explaining about the incident, Bah Warlarpih said that at the time of the incident, they planned to question the driver of the truck. Where to take these cows, but at that time, a Verna rong iong without number plate came, which drove very fast and threw at these people of KJBWA and immediately left the road. They said that they were going to bomb the vehicle and then they started shooting at these people against these members of KJBWA. He said that the group is surprised. As soon as the news came out to bomb the members of KJBWA, the people of the village came out and attacked the group of these 4 and 5 members.
Shillong: U Tennydard S Marak, who is filing a lawsuit against Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that Mukul Sangma has no right to claim that he is a member of the Garo community. His mother, Rousanara Begum, is the daughter of Amirruddin Ali Ahmed, a Muslim.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the party understands that if the 35 Khasi MLAs abstain from the meeting, the party will take strong measures. .
When inquired by Rupang, it is understood that Mukul Sangma's goal is to contest the Lok Sabha elections 2024 from Tura Constituency on the BJP ticket. The party has agreed to give him the ticket and talks are ongoing between Sangma and senior BJP leaders on the issue. At present, the BJP has two MLAs and if Four MLAs will join the party, bringing the party's membership to six and with this figure, the BJP will be able to defeat the NPP and the MDA coalition government in the state.
There are also Village Courts in the District Council, which villages far from the law can set up in their own villages.
GB Lyngdoh, General Secretary MEPA, said that although the office of his newspaper in Nongsain Hima, has been destroyed by a petrol bomb, no evidence has been found so far. this is one of the problems, which happens because of the attack on the media.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Morningstar Bamon.
Louis Dohtdong said that the HNYM will not give up and will take to the streets to demand the rights of the youth. it has been since
On the 16th of this month, leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People West Khasi Hills, visited the information center to inquire about their lack of compliance with the social agreement. Four Prime Ministers, the people of the area including the elders, women and youth flocked to listen to what the party leaders had to say.
The law is weak and useless and there is no justice, the wicked get better than the righteous, and thus justice is cut off.
The Lord's Day is a day to keep holy.
Judge for yourself whose party wants to destroy the unity of Secular India.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to remind him of the appointment of an Expert Committee for the improvement of the the Reservation Policy.
In the field of education, the state government has started implementing the National Education Policy 2020 despite many challenges.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HNM) has shut down the company, Unique Structure and Tower Limited, Umshohphria Patharkhmah, Ri Bhoi District. President of HANM Ribhoi District Bah Goldenstar Khongwar with members of one of the units.
Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU, Seng Kmie was the chief guest and Veronica Santi Warjri, Headmistress of St. John's Secondary School Jyntru was also present as the chief guest. Vincent Makri, Finance Secretary KSU NKHD, President KSU Umsawnongkharai Unit, John Lyngdoh and other KSU leaders and students were also present.
When the day of writing came, everyone brought a book for him.
When contacted by the elders and youth of the constituency, the Congress supporters said that even if the NPP gives ticket to Bah Kimfa S.Marbaniang to contest as MLA in 2023, There is no point in supporting him, because he is no different from a football player who is red carded on the pitch.
Besides these areas, the IMD has also warned Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura to expect heavy rains in the next two days.
The President of the HYC said that the HYC cannot help but call and encourage the enforcement police of KHADC especially the EM i/c trade and the CEM for taking this responsibility, which they as a nation. we have been waiting for a long time.
introduction of pubon in syndai.
On the other hand, Dr Aman War said that after the outbreak of Covid-19, the workers in the area should have closed down the dewbilat factory and the district authorities will take the necessary action.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of State, Bah Comingone Ymbon, MLA Sutnga-Saipung, Santa Mary Shylla, JHADC Chief Thombor Shiwat, leaders of various political parties and employees of JHADC. the seven constituencies of Jaintia Hills.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that Sohra will be the headquarters of the South East District which will be established within the stipulated time.
Shillong: The HITO has brought a coffin to the State Central Library with the slogan “Rest in Peace Democracy” as part of its condemnation of the killing of the enemy. Khasi in Mukroh on 22nd November
Jowai: Phibanker Phawa, 29, wife of Wanshwami Law, 30, has been stabbed to death while she was sleeping. There was no one to hear, even though they were nearby, because they were sitting in the same room in the same house.
As for Kishan, this is the second time that he has played well in the big tournament.
And Your Advocate.
At the same time, he said the government will prepare measures to improve air travel besides tourist attractions in all parts of the state.
Shillong, November 28 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday inaugurated the GIS & UAV Center at the Shillong Secretariat.
Shillong: The first boundary agreement between Meghalaya and Assam, which was signed in the presence of Home Minister Amit Shah, has been signed in the presence of Home Minister Amit Shah. The HYC has called for the loss of many lands of Meghalaya to Assam, because the Meghalaya government has not followed exactly the 5 principles, but has sent hands and feet to the people. open debate with the Chief Minister C. Sangma, Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong and those MLAs and Ministers who support the MoU; However, on the part of the government, no one has dared to come forward which has shown that the path of the party is not wrong but these days there are those who want this MoU to be signed. Those villages that went to Assam will be relocated to Meghalaya.
Two AK 56 rifles, two Insas Rifles, a Chinese light machine gun, a Chinese hand grenade, a 12-bore rifle and dozens of unused bullets were recovered from them.
“They incited the people to injure the Prime Minister and forced them to take a big step to take their own lives.
The Sordar said that he has already informed the DC that the government has paid the land fee for 10 years but he has not shown the work. records are always available" he said.
At the end of the meeting, Bah PT Sawkmie and thousands of supporters took part in the dance by playing the song Bom which is the flag of the UDP. Shillong, Jymmang 8: The MLA who is the candidate The National People's Party (NPP) from Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, on Tuesday said that in the past five years, he has been able to complete many outstanding projects in the constituency including the Umngot Water Supply Scheme. stagnant now for 20years.
The book explained that the Jews respect women as Khasi and have sacred laws as Khasi.
He added that the quarrying in this area is not environmentally friendly because it is mined only with shniah ki tyrnem.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HYC) on Saturday expanded its headquarters by launching the Umden Circle in Ri Bhoi.
Earlier, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, urged the government to provide protection for the areas that come into the Umiew River.
Prestone said the ruling NPP in Meghalaya will not accept the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code in the state.
When the disease is severe, it can affect even the older branches.
Those who have licensed firearms have been given 40 days to surrender them at the nearest police station except for the police and army.
Rikman was sworn in as the new President of the BJP at a meeting held at the party headquarters in Shillong in the presence of Chuba Ao, who is in charge of the BJP in Meghalaya, two MLAs and others. responsible.
The union sought clarification and asked whether such posts will be set up or whether they will call another advertisement.
He said the State Government will explain in detail through a presentation on its objectives regarding the implementation of the Roster System.
Both sides have now reached the knockout stages of the World Cup.
Ms Ampareen said that NEIGRIHMS, as an independent hospital established by the Central Government under an Act of Parliament in 1987, is now on the path to expand its services. with the aim of improving medical fields such as radiology and oncology.
This shows that one color comes from one animal, and one color from another animal.
The union is surprised that the Khasi Archery is still able to operate these teer counters without proper permits.
Despite these poor livelihoods, the residents, especially those in West Khasi Hills District, still rely heavily on agriculture.
When asked whether there are many names who intend to contest, Conrad said the meeting on that day will take a decision on the candidate and accept it by all.
Da-i-hi SC won the match 6-1
He said that the festival will be an opportunity for the youth and people of the state to take advantage of the film industry.
Shillong: U Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, former MP candidate of Shillong Constituency, on Tuesday said that the state government, which was sworn in on 6th October 2018, will receive the award for the development of agriculture in the state. The land of Hynniewtrep and the Achik Mountains.
If you have any comments, they should be constructive.
The countries selected for the tournament include: Africa: Cape Verde, Ivory Coast, Angola, South Sudan, Egypt. ChinaAmericas: USA, Canada, Brazil, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Dominican Republic, VenezuelaEurope: Finland, Lithuania, Germany, Greece, Slovenia, France, Lithuania, Spain, Italy, Georgia, Montenegro.
He reached the rank of Scout Master.
Furthermore, the failure of the O.M.dated 14.06.2023 to take the census in accordance with item 2 above, may result in the loss of posts or jobs, of any group, which have been applied for. in the past, according to her fortune.
The Hackfest will invite India's leading technology institutions, including IITs, NITs, and IIITs, to explore start-up opportunities that can address these shortcomings.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: Because of the failure of the Rangbah Shnong of Tiehsaw to control and restrain the residents of the village, not to injure or take the law into their own hands even in the midst of four days of anger. Biangkupar Nongsiej from Lawse village, who killed (L) Wansaralin Wanñiang inside the house of his wife and poor wife, has been arrested by the police. They gave honor on behalf of the entire village.
The President said that so far there are four MLAs from other parties who have decided to contest from the UDP in
During these hours of curfew, police have been patrolling in Motphran, Khyndailad and police are also present at many government buildings. Police and Magistrates have been patrolling around Shillong. .
The Sports Department on Thursday gave training to these 400 players at a function at the State Convention Centre, in the presence of Shivansh Awasthi IAS, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs and other officials.
“The government has set up this committee by calling for experts to give their opinion, therefore, it should respect the report of the committee.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday renewed its office bearers for the term 2024 – 2027 held at the Dorbar Hall, Mawkyrwat, South. West Khasi Hills District.
Patricia Calado, 34, was sitting in the room and didn't know what he was getting tattooed. Bruno, 33; but when he had finished drawing, he surprised her, when he entered the room, with the inscription "Will you marry me?" Yes" while the other says "No"
The family members of Pynkhreh Surong have lodged a complaint at Nartiang Police Station on October 21, 2023 that Pynkhreh Surong has gone missing along with a Mahindra Pick Up.
There is no point in sending young people to study law because many of our legislators are still stupid.
Jowai: The NCP West Jaintia Hills District has welcomed about 100 new members on 20th June
Speaking to reporters, Robert Kharjahrin said that the strike will last for three days, starting from the 4th of next month and ending on the 8th of June. city ​​of Shillong.
“He told us.
If they do this, it means that after a few months, Mynkjai has become like a sma iwtung. For that reason, the people are against this action of the JMB as it appears in the newspapers. Because the JMB has not done what it should have done before breaking this nuit or in any system that can protect against the iwtung, even now that it has been given a place elsewhere, the JMB has done. throw the nuit to the hill and burn it, but during the rainy season when it cannot be burned, it is sure that the nuit will remain and burn or flow into the streams and fields.
These items purchased include jackets, tupia, sopti, and shorts which were distributed by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh on 28th November
When contacted by Rupang, Bah Rising Khongkrom of Pyrnai village below Pynursla and Bah Khemborlang Kharmu of Nongjri village below Laitlyngkot said that they received the rice. is from the ration shops and of the month of June.
He said that the people should understand that the HSPDP is a party which has fought hard to get a full state and many of its leaders have been in jail to sacrifice their lives for the sake of the people. Although it is a small party, the party leader said that the party will revive in the upcoming elections and the men and women will fight for the salvation. to the party and the nation.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Indigenous People's Front (MIPF) today lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer of PWD Umsning regarding the illegal construction of the PMGSY road from Umsning Market to Nongjri by the contractor.
Conrad K. Sangma said that the problems of women can be reduced if they are empowered.
Speaking at Syntu Ksiar, u Mukhim congratulated the JIKKNMS for organizing this celebration every year since its inception in
Facebook has found that these pages have been used against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He said that there are many kurs who own the land confiscated by the army who are still fighting to get their rights back.
“The people should understand the need for the District Council because it is the authority that protects through the Sixth Scheduled the land, property, customs and traditions, income and There are people who take sting to elect MDCs without proper consideration and said that some MLAs don't need MDCs anymore. The District Council, some officials from the central government have not allowed, for various reasons, but among them, there are Gopinath Bordoloi and Jawaharlal Nehru who have said to agree that the small farmers should be allowed to live. take your places and rule over yourselves.
However, on this statement, Pynshngaiñ said that Bahdeng Shylla is very lucky, because after he won the mid-term MDC election, the State Level Committee has not approved the T.10 crore. He said that he will try to do the best for the people of Nongkrem constituency.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 25: U Bah Kresh G Marak of Wahthre village, Shallang, Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday said that a complaint has been filed against the police. His wife Pronitha Ch Sangma, 35, and daughter Achana Ch Sangma, 10, have been missing since 15th June, 2023 and their whereabouts are still unknown.
Meanwhile, the country's all-rounder Hardik Pandya has moved up 10 places to rank 76th in the list of all-rounders.
It is only since 2014 that the BJP has come to India, which has been in power for seven years.
I don't know how to fulfill the first time, Hajrong is the Law.
“For many years, the ethnic parties have been in the district council but they have not been able to do anything.
To this, Schlesinger answers by saying that the cause of this evil may be due to the will of the doer, not because of his desire.
“If he follows the rule, no one can oppose him. If he gives permission, it is enough. If he doesn't, what else can we do,” said Bah Ronnie.
Pynshngaiñ's letter came a day after the Cabinet approved the nomination of Irene as the MDC shu sieh.
Shillong, Naitung 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is facing difficulties in implementing the new Goods and Service Tax (GST) as many people are not aware of it. year.
Dr. Nongrum explained about the number of single mothers not only in India but in the world.
These things happen because they don't devote themselves to the scientific loves of today to collect the precious and wonderful things that explain the life of man.
Besides, she has to take care of three younger brothers, two girls and one boy.
Glasses full of beer and Kingfisher bottles were seen on the tables.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 30:Five days after the shooting death of seven people in Mukroh by Assam police, the Regional Committee today to resolve the border issue in Ri-Bhoi, which is also the The Deputy Commissioner, Prestone Tynsong, has resumed his meeting at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office. and expedite the talks to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
In this regard, the Seng will meet with the Directorate to explain these issues of the youth.
Others who have been exempted from the curfew are the health department, including hospitals, clinics, dispensaries, veterinary clinics and laboratories.
The request in the church goes on, while the activities in the office go on.
“Although we don't know when the elections will come, we want to be ready to contest at any time.
Two candidates for the post of senior vice-president, five for four posts of vice-president, four for two posts of Joint Secretary and six for five posts of executive member.
The distribution of medicines started at 10:30 am and was attended by Senior Medical and Health Officer Dr Defender Pariat, pharmacist, head warders, wards and PHE (Swachh Bharat Mission) staff.
For example, Meghalaya has no cases of corona, while Assam has been affected by these cases and then Mizoram and Manipur. but the work and residence of those within the State shall continue as usual.
If other states which are only 10 or 15 years old have improved in all areas, why this state? Now let us look at Jaintia Hills which is the area that produces many benefits for the government in the country. state.
The need for traditional music has now entered the meetings held by government departments, groups who want to provide traditional music and this shows the enthusiasm of the people to promote culture.
He said that from the time the seeds are planted, it takes only about four days for the seedlings to germinate and grow well and after the first harvest, it takes a while. three days to gather the new ones.
At the same time, in order to protect the steel of fish and water fish in the Myntdu River from the fish farmers who are accustomed to using pesticides, by violating the stiar of fish and The Myntdu River in Pynthorneiñ has banned fishing and other means of fishing throughout the Myntdu River.
Mawkyrwat, March 22: JKMPHSSM for men and St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang for women were the two winners. in the 1st Inter School Basketball Tournament 2023 at the ground of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of the UDP acknowledged that the political situation in the state is a golden opportunity for the UDP to take over from other parties in the upcoming elections. u 2023 and said that the split of the Congress party, the strongest party and the lack of confidence of the people in the TMC is an opportunity for the UDP because as of now it is only this party that the people have. don't trust.
Speaking to the syllad after the meeting, the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka, Ma Copiousness Daw said that they have received accurate information that the Karbi are still able to trade with some Pnars despite the ban. in the area of ​​Khanduli.
He said that in order for the elderly to be byrngia, it is necessary for them to meet with their fellow elders so that they can spend time in each other's stories.
Employees of Banks briefed the participants about the MSMEs, while employees of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency explained about many of the areas where the state government has helped to increase the jobs achieved through the MSMEs. IVCS Sohphoh, which is now recognized as a Cluster under the Incentive Scheme of the Central Government.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the demand of the Meghalaya Women's Congress Committee (MWC) for the resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs (MWC) is based on their concerns. The state is facing many problems especially in relation to the lack of peace and stability in the state.
Fenela said she is currently in Delhi and is waiting for the Supreme Court to set a date for the hearing.
Sixteen DI pipe feeder mains have been installed from the Clear Water Reservoir to supply water to the 16 RCC Zonal Reservoirs which have been constructed at Khliehmawlieh, Mawkawah, Upper New Nongstoin. Tiehsaw, PHE, Pyndengrei, Siejlieh, Nongpyndeng, New Nongstoin, Lawse and July.
In Morocco's qualifying match, Morocco opened the scoring through Hakim Ziyech in the fourth minute and in the third minute. minute through Youssef En-Nesyri.
The leaders of the Raid, also alleged that the factory, also releases garbage into the Umtrew River, and then produces smoke until it affects the environment, the air. It is alleged that only the waste produced from the factory has affected even the soping tins, as they have been burnt prematurely, due to the excessive pum pum, which has been damaged. out of this factory.
Another problem is that the people here don't speak Hindi or English and speak their own language.
Lajong and Pune have shared 10 points each and both the teams have earned 4 points each.
In short, the Powers of Mary are gods.
Therefore, he said that it is necessary to amend, because if you look at all the existing policies, they have been reviewed every 10 years, and it will lead to this policy not being amended.
If he passes well, the honor will go to them because it shows that they will not take their work too seriously and their good deeds will be remembered by Bhalang's parents.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) has expressed its gratitude to the Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) for coming to the aid of the villagers during this time of crisis. sign to fight against COVID-1
The exhibition has been going on for 4 days, which started on 14th November 2023, and on 17th November 2023, Meghalayans have come to exhibit their last products at the Hundreds of people have come to buy and sell these fruits at the Lalbagh Botanical Garden in Bengaluru.
Shillong: The Task Force Committee of the Laitkor Pyllun Village Youth Association on Tuesday visited all public places, from National Highway-44, shops, factories and village roads in all 4 villages. There are 10 Dorbar Shnongs from Mawrie, Lumheh, Nongdaneng and Rngi.
The Father also gave the second son's request.
To register and pay the entry fee, please scan or visit the website. The age limit for participation is: Age +18 years, category; Men and Women.
When asked about the Ganol power project, Goyal said that now that the rain has fallen, one unit has started operating.
The number, which is similar to the Aadhaar card, will be placed on each cow or muid and this is to find out or count the number of these animals in the country.
