Police have arrested two persons in connection with the murder.
He appealed to the people to attend the rally of the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (CoHSO) at Madan Student, Jaiaw on 31st July
For example, the Shynrai lakadong is sought after by the whole world because of its uniqueness and strength compared to other shynrai in the world.
Wandajied Ryngkhem of Shillong Lajong FC was awarded the Man of the Match award with a cash prize of T.5,0
The program started on the 8th of this month with the participation of climbers from all over the North East.
Isn't this the city of Sodom? what do you mean by Sodom? isn't that a terrible sin? Why did God have to destroy the two great cities of Sodom and Gomorrah? Wouldn't it be terrible if God burned up this generation with fire? How many righteous people are there now? God knows now as he did in Sodom.
Referring to the video of two women being beaten and dragged naked on 4th January, which was circulated on 19th November, Shah said the government does not know anything. to you.
In fact, this has been a great opportunity for the ethnic parties if they are willing to unite.
Players like Batra and Sathiyan will come to Shillong after qualifying for the SAG
Speaking to media, Ernest also praised the Central Government and said that this is due to the initiative of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi for the development of the country. the entire North East has been destroyed by the armed groups.
Police have recovered the side of the Ksiar sohshkor and there are also marks on the ryngdang.
On the other hand, the Congress has strongly condemned the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) for its political activities through the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch involving the RSS after demanding the abolition of the recognition of Scheduled Tribes. (ST) especially paid Christians.
Even in the midst of the heavy rain, the people did not move but sat and waited until the end of the meeting.
“The Khasi Department of the college was in conjunction with the opening of the college, and the classes started in the evening this year,” she said.
The party also warned that if there is discrimination against the Achik people, the Achik group will hold a march and sit-in.
Living expressed his surprise that the Syiem had tried to hide the issuance of the certificate but said that the Chief had informed his team that the certificate had been issued to Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew at midnight. night of November 26th.
Police have arrested the suspects and charged them under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.
Another project is the construction of a PWD road along the river from the valley of (L) Q.Kharwanlang to the PWD bridge at Lower Lumparing (Dhobi Ghat) at a cost of T.1,1 41,000.
The SRT also said that the bill will be different from the bills of the JHADC which falls under one ethnic group and this will lead to differences and divisions.
He said that in fact the job of the BSF is to protect the border from the illegal entry of foreigners, but this shooting death of the BSF at a place up to 9 km from the border. The BSF said that these BSF personnel have taken stingy in their duties by fleeing from the post to search for drugs and going to the villages to intimidate the people as alleged by the BSF. you for sha you for.
Dr War said that as doctors, we have seen that people who have not been vaccinated against Covid-19 have been severely affected by the disease and have lost even their precious lives. People who have been vaccinated, even if they get Covid, have recovered completely.
Sniew is the face of the house.
“From 2020 to 2022 we could not hold it due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but this year we have decided to hold it in a different manner,” said Rev.SC Diengngan. Chairman of AFSDI at a press conference on Tuesday at Shillong Press Club.
Although Lawei did not reach the semi finals, they helped to improve by seven points in Group A, and they could lose their third place at the end of tomorrow's match.
He is also a player of Littlestar Nongbah Bynther.
The Government has also implemented the CM Solar Mission to provide solar power to the villagers and schools and village houses on subsidy.
In fact, Bah WHD Syngkon has decided to contest the MLA election after Kong Roshan Warjri MLA has decided to retire from the election.
Nongpoh, Lber 24: Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun has informed the Chief Minister that the Assam Government has removed the signboard of the fish farm at Maikhuli village. Assam Police to implement the Water Resource Project at Hawla village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Know where these things lead.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Ministry of Coal has finally sent a letter to the State Government for the approval of the Government of India. Geological reports were submitted by four surveyors.
This is not the first time that MeECL has lodged a complaint on the same issue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Vice President of KSU Sohra Circle, said that many of those who went to Sohra were Khasi, but when the vehicles were seized, they told us that there is no curfew in Shillong and When they had leave, they came to Sohra.
We still have many people who love their country and nation, may God bless us all in our own country.
But those who have only a head will laugh.
Y Gopi Singh (58') of Nongthymmai scored the first goal of the second half.
All Country Spirit and Foreign Liquor Outs till, Bars and all licensed liquor shops will be closed on these days.
Even this government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma has the same attitude as the armed groups in Garo Hills.
The Shalyntem of time does this and the Spirit of the Lord does so.
The trader escaped from the stabbing by these groups in which the stab was not from his body but from his hands and he is in critical condition.
The present Jerusalem will be destroyed.
The YMA Sub-Headquarters, Champhai, has donated about 42 units of blood for the injured.
Shillong: The curfew will be reinstated from 9 pm to 5 pm tomorrow morning and will be in force throughout the city, the Assistant Inspector General of Police (A) said in a statement. Shillong.
They said that before entering the farmland, these 12 farmers had prayed on the road and after that they entered the forest roads to enter their farmland, but almost immediately Which they didn't think, the robbers suddenly came out of the forest, who had already camped and blocked their way.
The arrested was identified as Md Asherul Hoque, 20, of Bhawanipur village.
The availability of Flybig will provide convenience to the residents of Meghalaya especially those who work hard and have jobs in Delhi as they can travel quickly without stealing time like the Flybig. Trains and flybigs will run from Shillong to Delhi every two months.
They were found to have valid passports but their visas were found to be forged.
Regarding the suspension of the election of Village Leaders, Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, said that the intention to elect new Village Leaders is in accordance with the order of the office of the Syiem of Hima. Mylliem, but when the village sent a letter from the village to suspend the election of village leaders and also that there were not enough people to participate, which prompted the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet to suspend the election. and that they had decided to hold it on another day.
There has also been a conversion of fish farms to the fields because the farmers feel that it is more profitable to farm fish than to produce agricultural products.
He urged the people not to waste money or schemes but to elect a person who will serve the country and the nation.
Among these nine students, four students from North Liberty Higher Secondary School including Mendelson M Langstang, Rilanaika Sari, Dalammi Dauni Rymbai from KJP Mihngi Higher Secondary School and Larisa Lamin of Adventist Higher Secondary School Thadlaskeiñ.
However, there are still many shortcomings in terms of staff and until now the staff in the Territorial Division has been used by the same staff in the Social Forestry Department.
He was also charged with concealing facts.
Of course, it cannot be said that the arrival of Christian missionaries helped in the construction of adequate schools and health centers at a time when there were no schools in these hills.
He recalled that from Jaintia Hills, the state has received Redeem Tlang and Halen Nongtdu and Rangdajied United FC also has 10 players from Jaintia Hills.
Throughout the day, the Raid and Elaka Nongpoh Sirdarship, handed over the Syrnod to the leaders of the village, so that they can run the to manage the activities of the village.
To pray jarjar in the house.
The next morning she was said to have been released by neighbors and relatives.
However, it does not have to end there as it is only the first milestone of a long journey.
He said other neighboring states like Nagaland, Assam and Tripura have been able to recruit youth by setting up Ecological Battalions.
So far, 10,735 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 111 people have died.
Shaiborlang is the son of E Kharbuki and Crystal Kharsynteng and lives in Block-6, Shillong.
He said that the President was surprised why this happened because he too had not received any letter, so he went to talk to a major who was driving the vehicle but only once did the major talk to him. He called the CRPF and arrested the taxi driver.
He was the Legal Adviser of the HPWU since 2001, General Secretary in 2002 and President of the HPWU since
At the same time, the most important thing to do is to use forest and soil products within the state and reduce exports.
He said that the booksellers should also cooperate to inform the Board when the books are out of stock so that it can order the author to send more books to avoid the problem to the children. school.
Shillong: U Titostarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and currently the Leader of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that He will never hesitate to serve the people of Sohra constituency, even if he is not elected as an MLA, but he will serve the people of Sohra constituency.
Conrad K Sangma said that most of the funds in the state come from the central government and it is wrong to allege that the state has not received and implemented the funds properly. Chuba Ao should have seen for himself what the Government has done and then he should have told the truth when he saw it with his own eyes. not to speak like an ignorant person because the leader in front should speak with truth and knowledge.
UDP MLA Embhahlang B.Syiemlieh, MLA and President of UDP Youth, said that the incident was a shock to the people who attended the meeting.
Therefore, on these facts and on a firm basis, the Seng Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills Central Body has clarified and confirmed that both these people are not from the Kur of the Dkhar community. At the same time, the Seng Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills Central Body has warned that from now on if anyone takes and misuses the Kur of our community, we will take strong action against them. the rules of the Kur, without forgiveness.
The Twin Otter of Nepal Airlines left Pokhara Airport at 12:40 pm and disappeared for about 15 minutes.
Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that the police have received information about the presence of this group of robbers who are trying to deceive the drivers of jhur vehicles to persuade the owners of vehicles to drive. They buy the jhur at a very low price and after that, they take these drivers to ISBT or Umïam to transport the jhur.
The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Health Advisory Board, Mayralborn Syiem said that these persons will be dismissed if they do not perform well.
It is not possible to sell to a foreigner who has lived for thousands of years and the price does not change at all.
He said that TULBA is not only an organization of motorcyclists, but they work for the welfare of the village and the cleanliness of the environment. To join hands with the Tulba and to eradicate all evil deeds and to make our Khasi country a clean and peaceful country.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Meghalaya Youth Foundation (MYF) has expressed its concern over the increasing power outage in the Nongkrem area which used to receive electricity from the Mawryngkneng power plant.
The incident has caused a widespread stir in Jowai, where the driver of the alto, has been allegedly tied with a tyrnem and this has prompted the people to gather at the scene. you are in the market.
“When children intend to go to other states to study, they cannot go to the Chief Minister for assistance but the Chief Minister cannot support them from a private scheme like MLAS and often only for a fee. Therefore, the government needs to do something about this so that the youth will not lose the opportunity to showcase their talents,” he said.
In this regard, Member of Parliament and APP Leader Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit also stood up and opposed the Government's decision to hold the House for only five days.
“KSU robbers have attacked the temple of Mahadev Khola, 101 Area, Lower Lawsohtun, Shillong.
Furthermore, the union has demanded that the office should set up a Help-Line Number within the district to make it easier for the affected farmers to seek urgent assistance and protection from the Shnat.
It may be recalled that the AAI has said that the construction of the Umroi Airport is difficult because the cost will be high as it has to cut down a hill hundreds of meters high for the construction of the airport. this airport where large aircraft can land.
I request the Executive Committee to look into this matter,” he said.
From Motphran to Khyndai, the crowded public places have been overcrowded due to the spread of goods by the vendors.
Not to mention terrorists like the Taliban, ISIS and others who kill people if they don't believe or accept what they say or want.
KSU LHBAUAnselm Ryntong Informant.
Andreas Marwein, Secretary of the Seng, explained the services of the Seng from time to time to donate blood to many patients in need of blood and encouraged others to come forward and have a courageous spirit without any hesitation. you are afraid.
According to the target, Meghalaya will move towards the Viskit Bharat target by increasing its GDP to US$10bn by
There was also a mass singing of the songs “Remember the Khasi Hills”, “Ri-Khasi Ri-Khasi” and the song “Pynkhreh Samla”.
He said she was in the kitchen and I told him, call her.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: A day after the GNLA announced that it is ready to come to the negotiating table if the government releases its chairman Champion R Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today said that the GNLA is ready to come to the negotiating table. The state government will look into the matter and take a decision later.
"The expertise of these stakeholders demonstrates the expectations of students on the importance of having a never-ending electricity supply.
However, in the last five years and before that, Shillong has remained the 'Dheng City' because the congestion has become too much and there is no other way to improve the city. which is made without a sign.
The President of Kiang Nangbah Ïasiat Khnam Memorial Society, Pearlet Toi, was the chief guest, in the presence of the Working President of WJHDA, EMH Passah, Honorary General Secretary, Lammat-oo. Laloo and other leading members of the Association.
The Paiem said that 288 dancers including 118 women and 170 men have participated in the ceremony.
The VPP leaders, on the day of the All Party Meeting, left the meeting immediately after the government refused to discuss the reservation policy on the grounds of On the same day, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, has decided to launch a strike without delay to force the government to hold a strike. describe the reservation policy.
He said that the parents who have worked hard to send their children to school until they have reached different levels should be respected.
Earlier, the teachers had requested all non-government teachers not to attend any meetings organized by the government on this Teachers' Day but to attend the rally at Malki Square.
Speaking to media, the HNYM leader said that after the stir regarding the government's announcement through the memorandum office regarding the roster system and colleagues from Garo Hills, have urged the government to set 1972 as the year of registration for the implementation of the roster system in the state.
The documents required are Xerox copy of marksheet, birth certificate, schedule of tribe, EPIC of parents, two photographs, phone number for calling and whatapps.
Do not post or disseminate social media posts that insult those who oppose or posts that are inappropriate.
If you read the writings of someone you hate, you are like looking at someone who is sitting on the floor.
Jowai, July 29: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football Tournament-2022 was held today at the Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
These youths do not agree that their teachers should be treated in this way until the room where the teachers used to sit has been taken away from them and the teachers do not get only a place to eat. sit down and eat.
This is why the work is urgent.
Three helicopters were reportedly injured at the airport.
After the rally at the Kiang Nangbah Monument near the Civil Hospital, Shillong, a private bus used by the police booth was destroyed and set on fire. police and damage to a police Gypsy vehicle and tear gas shelling by youths near the Civil Hospital.
Finally, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh urged and invited the public to come and watch and encourage the players of the state so that the state can win a glorious victory in this tournament.
He said that all students and people working outside the North East will not be allowed to return, as they will have to allow people inside the North East first, when After this, I will give permission to those who are outside the east.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KJHA) has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal of a foreigner to set up a petrol pump at Pahamlang 17mer in Ri Bhoi District.
Bethany Society and North East Shower Blind Football Club (NESBFC) failed to score in the first half but in the second half, Gabriel Nongrum scored the first goal for Bethany.
It is necessary to seek the opinion of others because the free will of the body can lead you astray in any matter.
Here in our State, the purpose of setting up hospitals is not to provide health services but to make money or do business.
The Pollution Board has also been directed to submit a plan for the cleanliness of the environment in Jowai, which will be submitted to the NGT at another meeting. trial, November 27, 2017.
“We will hold talks tomorrow and while the talks are ongoing, the strike of Ardent will also continue and if the talks do not succeed, the protest will continue,” said Brightstarwell.
To cleanse the face you can use Micellar water which can quickly cleanse the makeup, dirt and impurities on the face.
The aim of the CSB is to preserve the indigenous seeds so that they do not disappear.
The Muslim woman from Bangladesh is a gynecologist.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has also directed the members of the COVID-19 Committee to visit every household to monitor the situation. also to the youth who have returned from abroad as part of the collection of information on their health.
On 4th October 2023, Prestone Tynsong strongly condemned the attack on the relatives of the HSPDP MLAs. There are some parties that are no longer political wings but political wings of political parties by misusing them”.
Furthermore, special programs such as the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana and PM Awas Yojana have played a major role in opening up financial opportunities and providing good housing to the poor.
“We need a change in the working methods in which the Lady Supervisors will convert Anganwadi centers into Early Childhood Development Centers within the next six months.
On the occasion, UDP Mawsynram Circle President Dr Donkupar also confirmed the office bearers of the UDP Mawsynram Circle. Veins, Hammerson Foundation.
“To buy kwai is like buying gold,” said a wai vendor in Motphran.
Even Ma Soren Bareh learned late about the intention of Bishnu Ram Medhi.
Other speakers at the meeting included the Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap, Bah Peace Khongdup, the Rangbah Shnong of Pynthorbah, Bah B Sten, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang and the Secretary of Nongmynsong Dorbar Shnong Bah A Nongdhar.
Group C, where Ukraine has been placed for the qualifiers, includes teams from England, Italy, North Macedonia and Malta and Belarus. in Group I with Israel, Andorra, Kosovo, Romania and Switzerland.
“I am here in the House today because I am one who follows respect for the law.
These intellectuals discussed the contribution that Thomas Jones has made for the Khasi people.
“Up to T.1,45,40,000 has already been distributed to the farmers and this money has been deposited in the accounts of the producer groups at a cost of T.5000 per farmer,” he said. according to the RTI received by the organization.
We have also heard that the train from Goa will carry only 200 passengers from Meghalaya, it would have been better if it had taken us to Mumbai. I just want to say that in the end we have to come by any means, and we don't want to carry that disease, because it will affect the community, but we can't know when. Lano bad mano, as I have learned, there are many Khasi of our country who live in places or buildings that have been sealed.
The Man of the Match was awarded to Lastborn Mawphniang.
Damang Kharbangar scored the first goal for Mookyrdup FC in the 11th minute.
Because there are some personal cases that the judiciary encounters from time to time and it is difficult to give judgment or rule out because of personal matters. They also fall under our Fundamental Rights, and make suggestions to the Government to enact this UCC.
The decision is a sign of relief to the KHADC and SNSBH who have been protesting against this in the past against the implementation of the MUDA building rules outside the Municipal areas.
The whole of Maharashtra is waiting for you, the request of the Maharashtra Army will be with humility.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), Jowai in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai will hold the National Voter's Day Cycle Rally 2024 on the 25th July from 8.00 pm. up.
Thus in 1948 AD it was declared that Israel is developing in all fields especially in science and technology, and is now a super power.
Shillong: The public hearing on the proposed construction of Star Cement in Bri Chyrnot, will start soon, but yesterday, 16 elders from the area, expressed their concerns. These officials, said that the reason for the proposal to expand the mining of the company is the presence of Wah Lukha, which is near the site, which is planned to mine by the Star. Cement and said that the damage to the Lukha River has not only affected the river, but all the villages along the river.
Also present were MLAs from Jaintia Hills including Comingone Ymbon, Wailadmiki Shylla, Dasakhiatbha Lamare and NPP office bearers.
The main objective of the program is to promote trust and understanding between the people of Japan and the Asia Pacific region, as well as to build friendship and understanding between them.
Every election once every five years, there is a strong protest by the rulers in power to lay the foundation stone, to open the curtains, to cut the ribbons, for unknown development projects. No.
According to Bah Khongwir, the reason for MUDA's seizure of MeECL is because it cannot stand up on its own to the areas which are no longer under its jurisdiction but in collaboration with MeECL. It is like forcing the residents to get a building permit from MUDA because if they don't have it, MeECL will not allow them to install electricity.
The shop “Ingshet Ja” at Garikhana was also announced to be temporarily closed.
“We are only asking for a proposal and not to pay,” said Sorilang Marboh, President of the Meghalaya ASHA Union and Adviser Soni Kharjana.
By Purningstar ShabongLyngngai in the stirring of the mind of the power of magic which has shocked even the truth that comes from the roots of Human Rights which is covered with a spain that no one has the power to break.
He said the preparation for District Disaster Management Plans in 87 districts of 8 states is still pending and this will be completed soon.
This is not an easy task, because to get a person who is well thought out, who is skilled in party politics of the state and the country, he must be well known and well known. by many, a person who is friendly and whom the people are easy to meet and talk to, who is reliable, who is wise and intelligent, who is wise and should not be a fool.
?" Bahnah replied, "Oh yes.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the RBYF, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, spoke on many aspects of the RBYF's journey to serve the people of Ri Bhoi. The reason why the union honors the students is because they have the desire to produce many stars from this district and the region to take the lead in the development of Ri Bhoi District especially in the the whole state.
Such matters should be discussed in a public forum, and the most appropriate forum is the Legislative Assembly because those who sit there are elected by the people.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that although the court order has to be followed, we will seek clarification from the Election Commission.
On the other hand, the BDO of Ranikor C&RD Block will meet with the BDO of Ranikor C&RD Block in the coming days and urge them to At the same time, it was urged that as fellow citizens, private individuals or any NGOs who have the spirit to Help the victims to come and encourage them by meeting face to face with the family whose house has been destroyed by the fire.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: After seeking the opinion of the UDP Youth Wing on the issue of Rangbah Shnong, the State Government has suggested to the Government to temporarily implement the Ordinance as it is in accordance with the 7th Schedule, List II. -Clause 5 of the Constitution of India provides for the implementation of an Ordinance.
At the same time, he said that if the government does not listen, he will demand that the group will invite the leaders of Jaintia Hills to hold protests in the coming days. They have the right to be employed by the Council but they have not yet received it.
She also urged the students that if they want to improve in the field of sports, they should learn to manage their time because time is precious.
It is said that no Indian film has ever won this award and this is the first time which is a joy and pride for the country as a whole.
Not like me.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Allan F Dkhar, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today clarified the report in Rupang on Saturday. He said that he did not attend the meeting.
Laloo said the government relies only on the Jowai Municipal Board to clean up the Myntdu River, which is also a department which itself has a serious illness, because only the salaries of its own employees. she could never pay.
“I have been in the Congress party for decades, but now the Congress in Nongstoin will not reach anywhere,” he said. .
The excessive heat in the district has caused concern to the district authorities, which has caused the people to die of drowning, paralysis, and other diseases that cannot be ignored.
But suddenly our team completely changed the way we played.
In this regard, he said that the taking of private vehicles for the purpose of transportation is also a violation of the rules and regulations of Meghalaya Passengers. and Good Taxation Act and Motor Vehicle Act, 1988.
Badonbok Mawthoh scored the goals for Mawlyngngad in the 34th minute, Banskhembok Wanshong in the 43rd minute and Freddy Khriemmujat in the 49th minute. Nongkhlaw in the 8th minute and Aibanjingshai Lyngdoh in the 26th minute.
If everyone celebrates Christmas with kindness and generosity, the celebration and value of Christmas will be different, not just a ritual.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Bok said that he met his brother-in-law in the morning at Thanat in Sardar, but when they went to check again, in the evening, he was not there. .
Isn't this the freedom of the Government or those in charge of the Government to do whatever they want? According to the Meghalaya Police Act 2010, the Government has violated the rules by not appointing a Police Accountability Commission in accordance with Section 73(2) of the Act,” said KHNAM. against raising public questions and forcing the Government to answer is the Fundamental Political Rights of the people which comes directly from Article 19 of the Constitution of India and no Government can use the Police Force. to violate this right,” said the statement.
With the launch of PRIME, it has encouraged and encouraged the people of the state to work hard in their skills, to improve the livelihoods of the state. to improve in all aspects the quality of life in the state, to improve the state in all aspects.
“The police also came here yesterday, look at this book they gave me, I don't know which book I didn't open.
At the same time, he stressed that such programs provide a golden opportunity for the students to showcase their talents and the need for the subject Science. while the days are yet to come.
At a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong on Tuesday, Conrad announced that the Durand Cup will be held in 2024 in the city after it could not be held due to lack of funds. The JN Stadium at Polo has been completed.
“Perhaps before 2013, at that time they didn't need any NOC from the District Council so they could get the land but since the implementation of the Land Acquisition and Rehabilitation Resettlement Act there has been no NOC. “Issuance of NOC to the Government in connection with the construction of the railway line in the state,” he added.
About 100 BJP members including the Bharatiya Janata Party, Bharatiya Janata Mahila Morcha and Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha took part in the cleanliness drive.
Therefore, the police, together with her relatives, welcomed her back home and without thinking about the reason and what happened to her in the past years. Alicia is in good health and strong as she should be and therefore the family doesn't want anything else and they are happy to accept her now that she has come. turn hi to the load.
We have been able to maintain peace and order but the curfew will continue,” said Director General of Police Manipur Santosh Macherla.
Furthermore, the repair of the Mawthawpdah to Phlangdiloiñ road about 5 km in the 38th, 39th, 40th, 46th, & 49th km sections by installing 20 MM PMC and Seal Coat and the repair of the Laitmaw road. 32-37 km, 41-43 km and 45 km at a distance of 10 km for the preparation of the KJP Synod in Nongsynrieh. and Moses.
On the other hand, the DC office said that the names of the beneficiaries of this scheme have been prepared by the Census Department since 2011, and the lists have been prepared by National Informatics. Center (NIC) which registers jhulum according to the Block or area without discrimination against those from any food shop or Fir Price shop.
The French army was well trained and had good guns, while the Jaintia soldiers had good guns and guns, but they were still strong in the sword and ryntieh. wait, you stick; Therefore, the Jaintia markh is not the only one, but the only one.
“After the Bill is passed, we will have to send it back to the Governor for approval,” said the CEM. to MLA constituency.
In the 30th minute, Blanangshngaiñ Khongsdam opened the scoring for Meghalaya and by the end of the first half, Meghalaya had a 1-0 lead.
The meeting decided to hold the ANNUAL MEET 2023 on the 24th of this month at the hall of the school at 11 am in the presence of Bah Mathew Beyondstar Kurbah MLA Mawphlang Constituency, Bah Lamphrang Blah MDC Mawphlang Diengiei Constituency and Bah Sherbor L. Mawlong MDC Nongspung Sohiong Constituency, who are also alumni of the school will be present at the meeting.
“We are saddened to see that many of the Petrol Pumps in Ri Bhoi District have been operated only by foreigners and it is rare to see that the Petrol Pumps have Khasi employees. This is one of the reasons why the party has to seek clarification through RTI,” said Bah Amberlight Masharing.
He said that the employees understand that MeECL is in debt especially to NEEPCO but the management should also understand that the employees need to receive salary to run the household. you family.
According to this writer, the Khasi people have lost many great singers including Bah TT Mukhim, who made a great impression on the All India Radio program, through the song “Kongthei bad I Bah Duh”. We have lost Bah DRL Lyngkhoi, one of the world's leading singers and religious singers, who was very great with his songs, which hit us like “Where will we go in Jukut” and “Melinda” among others? Skendrowell Syiemlieh, another great singer, who sang many poetic songs, such as “Ko Shnong ba nga eid”, then many others and now Bah Gilbert Nongkynrih.
The post light in Nongsder Riwar village (East Khasi Hill District Pynursla Civil Sub Division) which has collapsed and almost collapsed has put the residents of the village in danger if it is not replaced by another one. khyllem at any time especially during this rainy season.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the principal of the school, Kong Ivareen Dkhar, said that the school has organized this march through the order of the government authorities.
Binita, has been waiting for a year for her husband to return, but when he did not return, she started earning her own living and preparing children's books to earn money.
After the work, the village authorities informed him that the work is not adequate and when the MLA came to inspect, he witnessed the need to repair the road. daytime color.
The day was celebrated with joy and happiness in which faithful from all the villages of Garo Hills came from 7 pm to participate in special programs including the Eucharist.
“In politics, anything can happen, where some people who are not from politics can form a government in another state, and we are an old party. The people of the state want change and love the Congress party”.
The expenditure of these armed groups has caused deaths and insecurity.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) Ambrose CH Marak said that the government has provided day meals to every child in Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools.
However, his intention in contesting the election is to take the opportunity to explain to the people that they should not fall into the trap of money.
According to the Sordar of the village, initially it was found that 15 children from the village were suspected to have been raped by the same man.
West Ham manager David Moyes wants to strengthen his squad after the sale of captain Declan Rice, which could fetch £105m.
Yes, I don't have such an intention, I am just expressing the truth of the wisdom and unity of the Paduh-Garo.
Those events in 2019 are still just the tip of the iceberg.
He encouraged the elderly to take care of their health by checking their BP and sugar regularly or once a year.
“This is not an opportunity to vote for the party candidate,” Wasnik told reporters after the opening of the MPCC Executive Committee meeting in Shillong on Friday.
The King of Lapaten had an army of 60 ksew, including 30 ksew rongïong and 30 ksew ronglieh. The land of King Lapaten, no one can conquer it.
The HNYF urges the law enforcement authorities to take action to curb the illegal cow trade and the HNYF urges them to continue the raid on the vehicles transporting illegal cows to the country. Bangladesh.
In this regard, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sent strong warnings to all the students of the Sohra area to follow these warnings.
He said that all the people who apply for LHC, have already paid the LHC fee at the JHADC office in Jowai.
Hamas leaders say an international lawyer who was visiting a family in Gaza has been killed in an Israeli bombing in the city. of Gaza on Tuesday night and everyone in the house was killed.
Samla Rupert will be accompanied by two players from our state who have been with him in the past in Lajong and they are Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi and Phrangki Buam.
Shillong: The 27th Inter School Karate Tournament 2019 which started on the 1st of July ended on Saturday at Laban Sports Club Indoor Hall, Laban, Shillong.
The figure, 29.1, shows that the population in India is slightly higher.
Shillong, July 15: The students of Mookaiaw have expressed their desire that the UDP should give the ticket for the MDC election 2014 of JHADC to an intelligent person.
On Saturday, 33 Mandals from all districts of the state including Lum Garo attended the election.
The order issued by the District Magistrate has banned the movement of people from one state to another, but this does not apply to vehicles passing through the NH 6 to Assam/Tripura/Manipur/Mizoram.
Any boys born in 2006 who wish to participate in this trial must bring their Original Birth Certificate on that day.
For two days he did not understand what had happened.
However, from the candidates to the people, they are still struggling with the changes that have shattered the society, to pave the way for others to sit on the path of Khadar rule for more than 50 years. earlier.
Shillong, March 23: The National Awakening Movement (NAWM) will hold a motorcycle rally on the 27th of this month starting from Student Square at 12 noon.
The remaining 383 persons have taken refuge in Champhai, Khawzaul, Nahthiah, Serchhip, Mamit and Lunglei districts.
The people on the other hand are trying to do politics by blaming the government in power in Manipur but this ethnic violence is beyond our control,” he said.
Let us now read and study Genesis 1:26 “And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness...” The book of Genesis is not a book written near the time of God's creation of the universe.
Explaining the complaint filed by the three students with the district authorities, the students said, “KNGCSU wants to clarify to the district authorities as well as to the ADC SC Laloo that it is not these three students who have lodged a complaint with the district authorities. but with the consent of all the students of KNGC".
The meeting was held on the occasion of the dissatisfaction with the report of the late Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew which was released on 9th September
He said it is easy to blame others, but Sangma said the blame depends on the true information.
With this incident, the implementation of the Assembly will take longer and the deadline for completion within this year has been put in doubt.
If there are relatives or parents who are not educated to help but the time does not allow because of many other reasons such as poverty and other reasons, sometimes if there are parents who can help the children. They are confused that it is not their own teachers who have made a mistake and have been beaten and so on.
Rani also revealed the names of the contractors who have carried out these works at Lum Sohpetbneng including 9 contractors, JV of Kynton Lynrah and Maitphang Riahtam, Kyntom Lynrah, Bah Hilarious Ymbon, Leborlang Lyngdoh, Sunshine Laloo and Greenergy.
There are also readings of Khasi poetry and songs by non-Khasi readers.
"Yes! “Although the talks on uranium have become more difficult now, it is clear that the Government of India is still in the midst of struggling to create the mechanisms to mine the uranium in Mawthabah and Domïasiat,” he said. said.
Therefore, we will set up a team to ensure this.
He tested positive for covid 19 on 30th March
Shillong, Nialur 08: Expecting that the plan to overthrow the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, will succeed this time, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has hoped that this time its plan will be successful. as in the past.
Goyal was speaking at a public hearing on Drug Abuse, Traffic Rules and Cyber ​​Crime as part of the Safe-Secure-Shillong Project organized by the East Khasi Hills District Police today. at Dinam Hall in Jaiaw.
In total, Meghalaya will field 249 players, including coaches, managers, chiefs, assistant chiefs and others.
Various condolences have been expressed to express their deep sorrow over the passing away of this young man and his friends and relatives have visited his residence in Umsohsun to console and encourage him. his wife as well as his parents and relatives.
Police reports said the woman was sitting in the front seat of the car with her husband.
When Rona raised the question in the House, the CEM replied that the KHADC will examine the matter thoroughly.
The HYC Mawlai Circle warns that if they come back in the next few days, the HYC will forgive them.
Silgar M Sangma took 2/24 wickets while Chengsrang S Marak took 1/5 and Salchang Sangma took 1/1
It was also observed that many of the youths and elderly people throw syep and syar like pouring water when carrying synsar weighing 50 KG or more which have to rest about 6 or 7 times to deliver to the Kongthong road. One of the elders from Sder village who is still carrying synsar and sitting on the road said that even at the age of 48 years old he still has to carry synsar and he has to walk for more than 6 hours to I don't know why this village doesn't have a road.
On the other hand, the EM In Charge of Trade, Bah Gigur Myrthong, in the presence of Bah Fantin Lakadong, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, KHADC officers and KHADC Enforcement Police, They went to check the documents from the shops of foreigners and found that some of the shops did not have the documents.
“The Governor should have signed the MRSSA Ordinance within 10 hours but his delay shows that the opposition of the people is very strong here in Shillong,” said Shylla.
He said that this was one of the turning points in the Hill State movement until we got our own state in
From the PDF, they include Jason Sawkmie Mawlong MLA Umsning and Hamlet Dohling MLA Mylliem.
Speaking to reporters, MFA Treasurer Wanshan Kharkhrang and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Arki Nongrum, said that the tournament was announced by the organizers of the tournament. The meeting will be held at four venues including Resubelpara in Garo Hills, Mawkyrwat, Jowai and Khliehriat.
This is only an attempt to raise awareness especially among the parents to ensure that such thinking does not enter their children.
She also sought clarification that according to Paragraph 6 of the Sixth Scheduled, there are matters which have been submitted to the District Council which have not been approved by the Governor relating to the administration of justice.
The semi finals will be held home-and-away, starting on the 10th and the second round will be held on the 13th of this month.
This is after receiving the reports of all the high risk contacts and after cleaning the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Nongthliew Branch and the surroundings of the bank.
Delhi's Aadarsh ​​Om Chhetri defeated G Sathiyan 4-0 in the round of
Sarma said this decision was taken due to the increasing number of cases of covid-19 in Guwahati.
Nongpoh, November 21: The Nongtluh Farmers Association (FDA) has organized another festival in Umden Nongtluh area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. 'Ri Kunai la nder' as a goal to preserve the traditional customs including dress, food and drink, dress and grooming and including traditional music and dance. .
Shillong, November 12 : The Ex Servicemen Rally (ESM) of the Indian Army (IRB) today held at Tura with the participation of retired soldiers and their wives. of deceased soldiers.
Nongstoiñ, June 24: As the election to the Legislative Assembly of the State of West Khasi Hills District is approaching, various political parties in West Khasi Hills District have started preparing for the strengthening of the party. to their own organizations within the region.
The KSU will continue to monitor this case until the families of these children get their rights.
After returning with the umphniang, he met three persons in Assam police uniform who were riding in an Assam police vehicle number plate AA 30 6681. They demanded money from the police vehicle. They shot him and stole 5 lakh 43 thousand tyngka.
The AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of cost, while the Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month. The price of 7.215 kilos per household shall not exceed T.12.00 per kilo and the wholesale price shall not exceed T.14.00 per kilo.
On the other hand, the Shillong Records Collection Center (SRCC) has published and distributed a booklet entitled, The Khasi National Dorbar-The Century 1923-2
This Son of God was with God in heaven from the beginning.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment of the value addition tax on goods under the Meghalaya Value Addition Tax Act
The incident happened five days before the birthday of the child, when the robber tried to break into the door of the child's bedroom that evening.
“I don't want to say anything on this issue,” said Bah Pangniang when asked by a reporter on this issue.
During the visit to Delhi, the Forum also complained about the lack of access to the two districts, one West Khasi Hills and the other South West Garo Hills.
“We have handed over to the Organizing Committee of the CEC to do whatever is necessary besides holding public meetings across the districts,” he said.
In the afternoon, Rgh. Skor Jala together with other leaders of the Seng Khasi, offered a sacrifice of gold and silver.
Therefore, on this basis, the residents of the area including the village leaders, youth organizations and women, urged the government to increase the number of police personnel and to expedite the construction of the Out Post. compete.
Speaking on the occasion, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem said that Kiang Nangbah was a brave man who fought against the British government to liberate us.
Besides this, the department of industry has many manufacturing units within it which can sell to tourists as well as the department of art and culture has a big role to play not only to showcase the culture to others but We can also do many things to improve our culture.
“The traders have confirmed that the price is higher in Meghalaya than in Assam and there has been no price increase and the price has remained the same since the lockdown in the country and the state,” he said. , said Mr. Titosster.
The Union Home Minister's Medal for Excellence in Investigation was awarded to Ibashisha Kharpran, Sub Inspector of Police, Office of the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai.
The polling in Sohiong constituency will be held on the 10th of June.
The lack of flights from Shillong has caused problems to the passengers who have to travel to Guwahati.
He said that this tit is also known as a food that contains traditional medicines.
It is here that the Book of Psalms of David clearly describes the captivity of the children of Israel: “By the rivers of Babylon there we sat down, and we wept when we remembered Zion (Jerusalem).
Regarding the education, the association with the children on the manners and dignity, on the behaviour, they said that these are still byllai in the village and this is from the manners and behaviour. children and young men in the village.
Three people were killed and many others injured in the shooting.
When the French rule ended in 1947, it had to turn back to the Hima Dorbars in relation to the appointment of Syiems in their own Himas.
He urged the people to support the NPP so that it can win and work better to bring about development.
Similarly, the song “Talwiar u Sohpetbneng” means to refer to the Khasi of different regions when they say: “We also introduce the regions from Sor or Lyngngam; , Khasi-war.
On the other hand, KSU Mawlai Circle, after receiving information that there are such incidents, those who have to stay in quarantine have not received any assistance especially those who have to stay at home. Villages, the Community Combat Covid – 19 (CCC) and the Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take action to deliver food items and other necessities to these families. It will also cause starvation to those families and will also make them unable to violate the rules laid down by the Government just to get food.
In the men's category, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Assam are in Group 1 while Meghalaya, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim are in Group
From the time of his childhood he had to work hard;
About five naval ships and 13 Indian Air Force aircraft have been deployed so far, the Indian Embassy in Sudan said.
Not only the children of the binong bishon, but also the children of the oldest and the youngest, the children of the oldest and the youngest children will be thanked and called to be satisfied.
According to him, the candidate they will elect is a person who has already been involved with the people and who can also carry the burden in the society.
How can the government not know that there are such factories which have operated without permission or which do not disclose where they get the coal for use? If it is only one or two, we can understand that the government will not know, but up to 57 it is impossible for them to go without the knowledge of the government officials.
Shillong: The Secretary of the AICC in Meghalaya, Dr A Challakumar, on Tuesday said that the Congress party will return to power in Delhi and Meghalaya. He said that the Congress party is a ship that has lost those who will come to stand in line to join the party, saying that he is willing to resolve this in writing.
According to this order, it is prohibited to post any writings, posters on walls in any manner, banners and others in public places and buildings belonging to the public.
Those who attended the meeting included Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, MDCs from Ri Bhoi, Syiem Raid Marwet, Hima. , villages and district authorities in Ri Bhoi.
He added that although in these years, peace and order has been restored in the Langpih area and there have been no more riots but the residents are not sure about the villages. They will be included in the West Khasi Hills or will be transferred to Assam.
Different colors attract the insects and fish to help them in this task.
The coal reserves are 14,10,710.41 metric tonnes, the coal auctioned by Coal India Limited (CIL) is 5,95,323.775 metric tonnes. The works on the coal mines are still ongoing.
Tomorrow, the matches will be: Group B (JN Stadium) – Punjab vs Kerala (9:30am); Jharkhand vs Manipur (2:00pm), Group D (Third Ground) – West Bengal vs Jammu & Kashmir (9:30am); Karnataka vs Chhattisgarh (2:00pm).
Although this is the best idea and should be supported by the State Government and the PWD Department, but at the same time, the Department together with the Army, Police and Village Authorities , they should have found a way to reduce the traffic jam that has been happening every day in the area.
The Minister said India firmly believes that all countries should understand that changes in the energy sector will bring opportunities and challenges to developing countries and the Northern Hemisphere.
In the meeting with the Governor, the Jaintia Sengbhalang and Village Leaders urged the Governor to advise the state government to implement the same old constituencies in the upcoming MDC elections. There is no need to discuss in the Ing Dorbar the division of constituencies, because many areas will be affected if it is not implemented as mentioned by the JHADC.
According to sources, the incident happened at 9:30 pm, when the pyrthat first hit Pynbianglin Ryntong, a Grade 6 student at Deising Social Welfare School Nongsba.
Regarding the participation of teachers in the khadar administration, the VPP promised to encourage teachers to come forward and to implement the policies that the government has created to punish teachers who want to take section.
Speaking to media after the meeting at Soso Tham Auditorium, the MLA, who is currently under suspension from the Congress, said, “If it is necessary to join the BJP, I am ready. go to any proper party.
Not only that, but in the last few decades, there have been organizations that stand against the ban on giving jait to the father even if they are related to Khasi.
In fact, there is no government law to hold teachers or government servants accountable for the conduct of students or individuals who are not included in the 2019 Rules.
In this regard, the KSU Raid Nongtung Circle, through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Johny Nongrum, strongly condemned these insurgents who came out in the name of the new party.
On the evening of the 23rd November, the band of Bah Eladmitre Dkhar and DJ Wanshan, will perform at the village.
In fact, in South West Khasi Hills District, the 30th of November is celebrated as Sngap Syiem Day and is also a District Holiday. The organization which went to this village to build a statue of this Syiem several years ago.
Speaking to Mawphor, these youths said that the incident occurred only because of the price hike but the Nepalis came out to attack and assault all four youths. .
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected nine boxers to represent the state at the 5th Junior Boys National Boxing Championships to be held in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh. Pradesh from 9th to 14th of this month.
The ADC East Jaintia Hills District, Bah SS Syielieh and the security forces were present at the rally.
Speaking to media, Bah Mohendro said that the pressure cookers delivered to Kong Purity's house through the party workers were not his own but from the MLA scheme. which he has also released publicly in the past few months.
That is why the Word of God says – “What has been, is what will be.
Last November, 832 people were killed in an earthquake and tsunami in Pala, on the island of Sulawesi, near Borneo.
AITC Chairman Zenith Sangma today visited the villages in the first phase of the Ri Bhoi District including Pillangkata, Maikhuli. , Barapathar and Iongkhuli, in which he alleged that the state government has taken a decision on the boundary without any public announcement and the government has ignored the feelings of the residents of this area.
It is to be recalled that the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has imposed a curfew through the Shnong Khanduli from 4 pm on the 22nd of June; This means that people from Jaintia Hills cannot go to Karbi and from Karbi they cannot come to Jaintia.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat has immediately refused to issue permission or NOC for the construction of a new MegaBond Cement Factory and the construction of a railway line in the East. Jaintia Hills District.
Furthermore, the Seng believes that through the initiative of DS Lumdiengjri to showcase their works, other villages in Shillong and the Bri u Hynniewtrep will follow the example of this initiative so that The Seng will be able to further develop its objectives to contribute to many areas for the development of humanity and the Bri u Hynniewtrep as a whole.
Mayral Born Syiem said the Committee will not only consider the Entry Point, but also urge the government to implement the MRSSA 2016, because through the Entry Point and the MRSSA Act, protect the nation from being oppressed by other nations.
During the meeting, the Minister, besides praising the decoration of the villages with colors as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State, also congratulated them for their participation. On this occasion, the Prime Minister, accompanied by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, also visited the remote areas. of the village to witness the beauty of the villages with these paintings.
In West Garo Hills, there are 26 cases including 10 from the Armed Forces, 15 from the high risk and one from the screening.
Also present on the occasion were D Sohtun, Director of Horticulture, FN Sun, District Agriculture Officer, D Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong, Anthony Maring. officers from the Horticulture Department, women under the umbrella of the VO association and other dignitaries.
Nongkhnum Beach, Thum Thum Valley, Weinia Valley or Lynshiang Valley are located in the area passing through Lawse. attracting tourists from all over the state and the world.
“The SMSU has no objection to holding this food market but the SMSU strongly opposes the use of the name and logo of the union without permission and this is illegal. The SMSU has urged the DC to immediately ensure that the leaders do not misuse the name, shap and banner of the party.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Ri-Bhoi District, today announced that Godrej Consumer Product Ltd, located at 15 Mile Byrnihat, has been declared as a Micro Containment Zone. on the 28th of this month.
The group remembers especially the youth of the country who want to move forward in their lives.
He said that the Tenancy Law will help to curb the influx of foreigners who are suspicious and the owners of the houses will be involved in ensuring this.
Therefore, the Creator, the Creator of mankind, has placed a tynsat in the creation of nature as a lesson for us – To strive for growth – in the Knowledge of Man – the Knowledge of God and to gather it is the most important thing – eat what is clean and pure.
" Rida said first, 'Yes, I don't know what to do.
“Now the services of mobile phone companies like AIRTEL, BSNL have deteriorated while companies like AIRCEL and IDEA have disappeared completely and only JIO is running the market and providing good services. “It's a good thing that the BJP Government has shown kindness to the owners of JIO,” said Ma Vincent MP Shillong Parliamentary Seat who won twice during his election campaign at Iawpynsin Wahiajer today.
Nongpoh: In order to curb the spread of COVID-19, the MLA of Nongpoh, together with the Swachh Bharat Mission, Ri Bhoi, today launched the distribution of Disfectant Water to the villagers. several villages in Nongpoh and more villages where there are many people.
On the other hand, the village leaders congratulated the Prime Minister, MLA Jirang and the MDA government for taking the initiative to upgrade the PHC Byrnihat to CHC. Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma expressed his gratitude to the MLA for his hard work in upgrading the PHC to CHC as the government has a goal to upgrade the department. health especially to provide the best services to the people of the state.
The Khasi Students Union Syad Unit, the Dorbar Shnong of Syad Heh and Syad Rit and others have donated to Syad Lyngdoh Government Lower Primary School for the construction of the school building and others. parts.
The party sources said that the party's feeling is that if Rahul resigns from the leadership at this time, the party will face many challenges from the authorities. The division and frustration will lead to the collapse of the party.
The convention was held across the parishes of the Diocese of Jowai.
In the final of the girls' category, Mukhla Grassroot Center beat Moodymmai Sporting Union 3-0
In the women's category, Senebi Syngkli (St. Anthony's College) won the title while in the men's category, Shemladbha Khongwir (Seng Khasi) won the title. College) has received the title.
Jowai, Nailur 14 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today.
Conrad said the government will increase employment opportunities in the tourism sector in the state as Meghalaya is one of the states in India which is famous for its beautiful nature.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) was founded in November, 2012 by Arvind Kejriwal and some of his colleagues to fight against corruption in India through the world.
Once a player has won the national team, a lot of money will come besides the award from the state government through the Northeastern Council (NEC) Chairman's Award for Excellence and the Olympic Games – Rs 100 lakhs. lakhs for the gold medal, 50 lakhs for the silver medal and 30 lakhs for the bronze medal.
In SSA schools there are 420 vacant teacher posts of which 102 are in Lower Primary Schools, 292 are in Upper Primary Schools and 26 are in Secondary Schools,” he said.
After many years, he came to Garo.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Hundreds of people from 11 villages under the Sein Raij, Tuber, today marched to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills with flags to protest against the Sein Raij. DC's absence from leave on Friday of Sein Raij Tuber.
The children, accompanied by Bah Alfond Kharsyntiew, arrived in Delhi to meet the President and Prime Minister of India on the day of the award ceremony.
The swearing-in ceremony of the First Office Bearers of the Seng was held at the Hall of St Joseph Higher Secondary School Umden.
Later he was transferred to Namdong as Assistant Parish Priest in 1995-2000 and Ummulong Parish as Assistant Parish Priest in 2000-2 Parish until
With more than 88,000 farmers, 600+ buyers, 400+ registered Farmer Groups and 18 pick-up Agri Response Vehicles, 1917iTEAMS provides assistance through the toll free number centralized database, the Fleet Management System and the IVRS System.
Giriraj said he has received many complaints from the public that government employees do not listen to the issues they raise.
On the other hand, the MLA also admitted that the central government has changed the name of the uranium to Mawthabah just for the sake of mining uranium in Domiasiat. , because in fact Domiasiat is still the same area as Mawthabah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Aldous Mawlong, Secretary, District Council Affairs Department, said that the Governor of Meghalaya has approved the proposal to abolish the Administrator Rule in KHADC. The Legislative Assembly of the KHADC, said that the convening of the dorbar of the KHADC will be held on the 17th October 2020 and on the 18th October 2020 the Chairman and Chief Executive Member of the KHADC will be elected. On the 17th October 2020 the election for the Chairman of the KHADC will be held at 10 pm and on the 18th October 2020 the election for the CEM of the KHADC will be held at at 11.00 am.
The residents of Khasi Hills are still waiting for the government to consider and act fairly on the issue of renewal of the RP. According to reports, 11 people have been killed in a bomb blast nearby. Afghan Minister's residence and 30 people were injured.
On learning that it was the children who had damaged the house, Kong Mimi Lamare together with Dasakhiatbha Lamare, issued the Ejahar.
Furthermore, Bah Wahlang hopes that the DREAM project of the Government will achieve the goal of making the State drug free.
The competition was held on Saturday night at the Lukha Festival 2020 near the Lukha River.
I urge us to move forward together with other states in the country.
I want a happy and healthy life,” said Kong Ampareen.
He said that the sit-in in front of the Secretariat is because the government has ignored the voice of the people because the appointment quota has been too high.
Owanijuh Pajuh scored two goals in the match played at the Dempo Academy in Goa on Tuesday.
Earlier this month, a woman gave birth to four children in Bhakkar district of Punjab, India.
This purpose is always to make money so that they can pay for drugs for themselves.
At the CEC meeting today, it also demanded that the government should take care of the border area and strengthen the security forces along the border.
Therefore, it is important to conduct the first Cave Rescue Mock Drill in India,” said MAA General Secretary Brian D.Kharpran Daly. of MAA together with Robin Sheen arrived at the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh at 10 pm.
As a sign of the celebration of this special day, the chief guest also cut a cake baked by Krai.
“I was shocked because before my child left, I had a shallangmat, but I don't know how, I didn't leave,” said Bah Ben.
When Peter preached in Judea and Jerusalem, he said, These are not drunken as you suppose.
During his visit to Churachandpur, it was learned that the convenor of NEDA will hold workshops with the Kuki leaders.
The struggle against these liquor shops has led many groups such as the Sengbhalang, Senglongkmie, and others to stand up and not allow their struggle, and this is clear. On Saturday, the WYF, HYC, Women's Wing from different villages of Nongstoin, Pyndenglawar, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of four villages held a meeting to discuss the issue. to the area to conduct security to prevent the opening of liquor shops.
As consumers we have heard of the Consumer Forum but we have never seen it work for us.
“Furthermore, the Regional Committee has decided to submit its report to the Government in April.
It will help the farmers and the community in many ways and it is also something that we have supported and discussed with the Government of India but we still have the concerns of many churches,” he said. .
The North Eastern Council on the other hand is inviting companies to operate flights from Umroi Airport.
Speaking to media, Kong Macdalyne said that the Council's decision to install the gate is clear, as the gates of KHADC have sign boards, while other gates Those who do not have sign boards are those who collect money illegally from the public.
The desire of the government ministers to distribute pigs and cattle doesn't make sense, because they can't grow and sngaid plung well from their hands but if the government really wants, it should distribute them to every village. , to elect those who are right, who have a purpose, who love the farming industry, not to give as much as the supporters of the party to spend five years.
“We also expect that the civil society organizations that have been with us since the day of the incident until now will be with us at home in order to get the rights of our deceased brother,” he said. added.
This is the first time that a basketball team from the state has qualified for the All India Inter University Basketball Tournament.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District today issued an order to enforce Section 144CrPC to ban vehicles carrying more than 10 MT from passing through the bridge. Umiam or two vehicles at the same time.
Speaking to media, Conrad said the power outage will be for only two hours a day from tonight, while the time of the power outage will be announced by the Meghalaya Energy Corporation. Ltd (MeECL).
Megala has sent all the evidence to the Madras High Court alleging that the party's state chief K Annamalai has made false allegations against Senthil Balaji.
“I have received information from the media that TMC supporters have been attacked by NPP supporters.The allegations against TMC supporters are false, baseless and false.
Any patients who wish to see these doctors of Nazareth Hospital, can come and see themselves at these doctors every Thursday and Tuesday of the month, urged Bishop Victor Lyngdoh. The state of Jowai.
The Seng Kutsnem is a commemoration of the 17 founders of the Seng Khasi.
The incident occurred near the DHS office in Laitumkhrah at midnight last night when a vehicle collided with a speeding vehicle. The youths who were sitting at that time, immediately drove away the vehicle and found it near the Shyllong Market. of the vehicle, which is a foreigner.
In the past, they used to say, “Wheat from the house, vegetables from the field, and meat from the house.
The Seng receives complaints from time to time that there is corruption in the recruitment process and discrimination during the Personal Interview.
Please Mr. Ardent come to the table to discuss.
JSU President Jesrom Shylla and Assistant General Secretary Neilkee R Mukhim have questioned the seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills on the lack of 100 beds Prefab Corona Care Center in Jaintia Hills. bad to Tura.
The time has come for them to experience freedom.
In the viral video, the vessel is seen bursting into flames along with thick smoke coming out of the vessel during the fire.
Tura, Jymmang 23: Schools and colleges in Garo Hills, have been closed today, as a sign of protest, over the death of a youth, Balsan S Marak, who passed away. , while he was in custody.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the UDP, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, he expressed his condolences on the violence by the BSF against a Veterinary Officer in Muktapur on 11th June
Shortly after, the complainant found out that the real name of Dakaemi Sumer is Dani Wanki Pala and he realized that he had been cheated by her.
Chapter 6.3 – the Diengdoh family and the Pariong family.
Not only that, there are also large fish ponds, swimming pool, footbridges, seating areas to attract tourists.
But he entered to seduce, especially the men.
Salman Khan has shown the world of Bollywood that he is the biggest star of these days or the Sultan of this era.
However, the union expressed its surprise that the Rangbah Shnong has not invited only a few elders to attend the meeting.
When asked why she did so, she said that the main reason was her opposition to the construction of the road by the Assam government.
We often hear the expression 'brother-flesh brother-blood' or 'brother-race brother-kin'
He said the decision to close down these madrassas will be taken at a meeting to be held between the state police department and the Qaumi groups.
The soil is fertile and suitable for cultivation of many kinds of crops, including sohtrun, sohphan, Kait, dieng kwai, soh manir and others.
Doang Shira said that on the 7th, the party was welcoming the members of the party who were returning and also taking the names of the members who had gone missing. SWAT and CRPF vehicles were parked outside the camp and after a while another Gypsy (ML 05G 7602) was seen coming. “The Gypsy was carrying people wearing public clothes,” said Shira, adding that the Gypsy was carrying people dressed in civilian clothes. They did not believe that they were policemen but the party leaders did not identify these people because they did not have proper documents.
According to the Minister, this construction is very important for the state and the people.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the Government is still waiting for the response from the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLLF) HNLC) to decide how to proceed with the peace talks.
These vehicles will carry the students from nearby villages. One bus will run from Wahsiej – Mawthawpdah to Shngimawleiñ while the other will run from Rangmaw – Jakrem. who is closer.
Les said he will resign as a member of the Congress party in a few days. “It's like I've left but it's the way to complete the formalities. “I don't understand the way the party works,” he said, adding that besides being elected in 2013, he doesn't understand and doesn't agree with the working methods of the party.
Lajong are still unbeaten in the tournament with four wins and four draws.
Lumsohskie FC beat Chiehruphi SYWSC 1-0. Rahul Pohtam scored the first goal in the first minute of the first half.
He drowned in the water on Friday at 10 pm while swimming in the valley with three friends.
Members of the Executive Committee are Mr. Bympher Lyndem, Mr. Evandor L. Nongpyur and Mr. Wankit Nongkynrih.
There are some states in India which no longer allow Schedule Tribe if they have converted from their native religion to another religion or have married another ethnic group who is not of the same ethnic group. ST rider.
“The statement of the shopkeeper is incomplete and the police will conduct further investigation.
Also present on the occasion were NPP Sohra Block President Neston Swer, General Secretary Alexson Diengdoh and other party members.
“After seeing this report on the website of Parliament which showed that they have not listened to our opinion and that of the State Government, the EC has sent its objection through The Department of District Council Affairs and the Home Ministry that we are against some of the issues that we do not feel are appropriate.
“It is the pride of a small state like Meghalaya, these EMRS will be built in order to provide the best education to the tribal children so that they can be on par with other children in India,” he said. the father of Oram.
M.Khonghat and B.Chyne Resource Persons from District Child Protection Unit – East Khasi Hills District, Shillong gave training on the Rules – Prevention of Child Marriage and POCSO Act 2012.
God said, “I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot. I wish you were cold or hot! So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Pynursla, to inform the public, that there will be no more curfew tomorrow, Saturday, 12th November
Shillong, March 20: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has rejected the ban of quarrymen from Assam and quarrying is still going on in Ri-Bhoi.
Not only that, he said that as the people have re-elected him as their leader, he has already spoken in the Assembly with Bah Ardent M.Basaiawmoit on the issue of renewal of the Reservation Policy.
Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala, Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani, Sunshine Makri and Fr Peter Syiemlieh Parish Priest were also present on the occasion. Fr. Devasia Vazhayil SDB, Sisters and Fathers, Nongpoh Parish and others who were invited.
“Manipur is a state that loves sports and we have produced many talented athletes who have performed in foreign competitions.
Shillong: The body of a newborn girl was found on the Harrison Bridge at 9.10 pm today.
In the women's 800 metres, Bansaralin Iawphniaw came first, Youbansheba Iawphniaw came second and Prettymary Myrthong came third. three.
Rahul said what the Congress party has done to empower the people of Meghalaya has now been destroyed by the BJP government.
According to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, anyone who comes from outside the state has to undergo a Covid test. The result today is negative.
“From 2015 to 2021, 17 lakh people will be trained to work in various jobs,” he said. “Of these, only 2.6 lakh people can get jobs here in the North East and others have to go outside the North East in search of jobs,” he said.
The word worship in the Bible appears first in (Gen 22:5) how Abraham's worship was true worship of God, that God was pleased with him and that he would give him Abraham is the Father of Faith.
Therefore, only the ILP will be the stieh to protect this threat to the nation”.
In another incident, it was reported that the house of Pinki Sharma, Amit Sharma, Upper Maxwellston Estate, Nashibi Rai, Dharmindar Rai and Dr Lumlang Jyrwa were searched. Oxford Hills, has been closed since yesterday due to the presence of coronavirus cases or close contacts of those infected with the corona virus.
Mawlai Sports Club Coach Khlaiñ Pyrkhat Syiemlieh has been appointed as the new coach of Langsning Football Club from the 2023-24 season and Sailon Syngkrem as Asst Coach. on Saturday.
Belgium, who are still ranked second in the world, scored the first goal in the 18th minute through Thibeau Stockbroekx. India equalized in the 25th minute through Mandeep Singh.
He said that the duty to teach the children is not only to teach but it is also the duty to encourage all the children who do not go to school to come to school.
The school was established in 1936, and was moved from Mawten to Mawkyrwat at a place called Mawkyllut. place.
“I am not saying that the voice of the people of Mawlai has been broken, because we are still within the voice of the people of Mawlai and this protest is also within the voice of the people of Mawlai. to convince the government on our demand,” he said.
So she went into her bedroom and cried alone.
The Leshka and Umtrew II plants produce the most electricity as they are newer.
He said that after the Special Court NDPS Act, Patiala House Court, New Delhi, in 2018, concluded the case saying that there was too much evidence to prove the allegation.
Speeches were delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Lambokstar Marngar, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem and Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills. Members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and the public who came to support the players of both the teams.
The Hynniewtrep people are a small nation.
We are 46 years old as a state and we need to think carefully how to move forward, we should set a goal that one day our state will stand on its own feet. (by ourselves) and this is our duty as young people and let us be the change we desire.
"Leaders of religious groups took part in prayers at the Don Bosco Mini Stadium and after this, a petition was read to the President of India through the Governor. and Phagu Chauhan.
The villages which have never seen colored roads before, but now have started to see hope in which the construction of these roads has gone fast and many have been completed.
The HYC-CEC will also meet with other college principals in the coming days on this issue, said a statement from Marcos Marthong, Public Secretary, HYC-CEC. The North East Students Organization (NESO) has strongly opposed the Indian government's plan to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 to accept Hindus, Parsis, Buddhists and Christians. Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan to become citizens.
Regarding the document, it should have a certificate of confirmation, which means that the approval has been confirmed through elections, election by the people of any raid, hima or the village.
Prof K Deberma, Dean School of Social Science, NEHU was also present as the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners.
Fortunately, this insect cannot survive in water, and therefore if the water stays constantly in the tanks, this insect cannot cause much damage.
Shillong, July 5: The Lottery Department has been dormant for many years after the government has remained silent and has not done anything to run the Lottery.
He said that the examination is for the vacancies at the hospital where there are 230 vacancies of nursing officer.
However, first of all, before they come to Nongstoiñ, they should know the village, secondly they should inform the association of soh sellers and also when they sell soh to the people please sell to the village. the price is the same as that set by the organization.
“Of course, we know that the KHADC has set up this tax collection point to prevent foreign traders (Non-Tribal), who do not have Trading License from carrying Shyiap, Maw, Khyndew and others. but we are saddened to know that this tax collection point does not allow even the traders who are the villagers, by charging up to T.200 (Ar spah) one vehicle as a taxpayer,” said Bah John Narleng.
The Afghan government has imposed a curfew in all parts of the country from 10 pm to 4 pm every day to restrict the movement of the stand of these Taliban fighters.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 17: The maintenance and improvement of the road from Mawrang to Rambrai bah, which connects the PMGSY Rambrai to Mawrok road, which is only 2.5 kilometers long, has progressed rapidly and will be completed in a few months. Now.
The CEM of KHADC said that the situation as it is now compared to the past 35 years, is very different because in those years, the number of graduates was very low.
The Court said that if the state and central governments do not want to build a new airport, it is not their responsibility to force this because they do not have the expertise in this regard.
“Because the election is near, we will see whether they can implement the relocation to one place, because if another government comes, this issue will remain only the don't talk".
Chutwakhu will play against Dongmihsngi at 12 noon while Lumpariat will play against West Madan Mustem at 2 pm.
Yoomi Patwet scored 64 runs from 27 balls and Khimmusniang R.Syih took one wicket in two overs.
The Chairman of the District Management Authority (DMA) who is also the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to close all schools in the district for two days on the 16th and 17th July. .
“I’m not running away, I’m fighting back.
Expressing his gratitude to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Bah Mawrie said, “In a short period of time, we have been able to arrange the 6 There are 12 places between Assam and Meghalaya.
He thinks: “I have been living at my mother's house for almost 5 years.
This is a continuation of the recent advisory of the ECI through a statement dated 02.04.2024 to editors of newspapers to be vigilant while publishing advertisements related to political activities in newspapers their.
It was informed that the Central Government has approved to send these teams.
In this regard, the Traffic Police has urged the public to read and respect the signboards regarding the traffic laws and regulations to avoid traffic jam.
The district authorities have also decided to close down these villages so that the doctors from the Veterinary Department can investigate and find the diseased pigs in these villages. All pig farmers should be clean and should not allow anyone to enter their pig farms so that the disease will not spread.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ruled that it would have been better to bring in the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the illegal mining and smuggling of coal in the state.
He and Anish Charak scored 19 runs for the sixth wicket for Meghalaya.
He said the Government has also appointed two Assistant Mission Directors to assist in this work.
From the elderly to children, you should ensure that they stay well hydrated to avoid dangers.
The JSM has expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation to the Government of Meghalaya and the Police Department for the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkiew, former General Secretary of the HNLC on the 13th of this month. month.
On the same day, officials from the District Authorities and Police of Ri Bhoi, besides distributing masks, so that the people can use them, they also explained to the people. on the need to wear masks, to observe social distancing, to wash hands frequently, so that the government's plan to curb the spread of COVID-19 will be successful.
He said that it is for this reason that the electricity department has turned off the electricity to meet the demand of the people, as it is now.
"It's painted," said the crane.
It is this that we call the 'social audit' or the public assessment of the working methods of all government departments from the PWD which is in charge of roads and bridges, the PHED which is responsible for providing the he doesn't eat or drink, and other departments don't.
At the same time, he encouraged them to take part in sports as it not only strengthens the body but also helps to free them from bad habits.
“...we who are alive and remain until the coming of the Lord...” (I Thessalonians 4:15) The second coming of Jesus Christ, although a matter of discussion only within the Christian community, has cases where it affects the society, the relationship between the family, the neighbors or the village and causes the division of the household and the division of the church.
It is for this reason that we have also passed the Resolution to be implemented in the state.
It must also fight against those who dare to fight against it.
Earlier, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that in order to protect the minorities from being oppressed by the authorities, it is necessary to implement the ILP. 12 lakh and 14 lakh mourners for the death of Bal Thakre, one of the political party leaders in Mumbai, said it is necessary to protect the tribals from the floods. .
Shillong: The DHS employees who have been appointed as Frontline Workers during the COVID-19 pandemic, on Tuesday, vowed to hold an indefinite strike from 15th November if the Government It has not released its salary within the 11th of this month.
Sangma issued the directive at the induction ceremony of former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang, who recently left the BJP in the presence of party leaders. including Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chief Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, DD Lapang.
“The fear in the minds of the residents is no longer there,” said Conrad.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Tuesday promised that the Government will consider the proposal to introduce the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for rice.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Madan Syiem, said that what happened on the day of the burning of Bah Kulam Nongrum was not a religious feud or a religious feeling. , but he said that it was a coincidence and it was an unfortunate incident which was not the village authority's opposition but an incident that happened among the crowd.
Increased obesity can be a risk factor for many diseases.
The program was held at Marian Hills Higher Secondary School Vianney Hall, Jowai, where Trinity Saioo, Padma Shri Award winner, was the chief guest, in the presence of SK Lato, Dolloi. Puramon Kynjing, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Khroo L Pariat, Darilin Tang, Nibiang Sumer State Secretary ABVP, parents of students and others who were invited. .
The show was directed by Hal Prince and composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Chris Hart.
The runner-up will receive a cash prize of Rs 3 lakh and a trophy.
The forest is destroyed.
Pune's performance was better in terms of passing, but in terms of scoring opportunities, they didn't have enough chances.
Tarun Gogoi said that unity and coexistence is the strength of the state and it is also very important at the Gyan Bikas Bota Award Ceremony. The Thengal Kachari Autonomous Council (TKAC) which is his constituency in Titabor.
For example, 2018 is the year to elect leaders to the Legislative Assembly of our State.
“JACATAM will meet with the Chief Secretary tomorrow.
When I started writing news in 1988 and until the 1990s, I used to choose the big news to be about these leaders, because if you write about them, so the issue on that day will be the market.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing has vowed to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities against the appointment and promotion of employees in the office. of the Governor's Secretariat.
He denied Dr Mukul's allegation that the government has not done anything on the ban on coal in the state, saying that the release of some provisions of the MMDR Act should have been done by the government. but she did nothing.
At such a time, live video discussions, hourly follow-ups about the coronavirus are not necessary, but there should be strong and knowledgeable leaders. If we have a helpline number for the coronavirus, why can't we have a helpline number for the stomachvirus?
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 58275 out of which 53263 have recovered and 968 have died.
She has also won many awards in her career in the past years including the Arjuna Award.
Judge Penney Azcarate adjourned the case and Heard will take another statement on the 16th of this month.
Similarly, the father of the family has been seen in footage released since the beginning of the war, in which the elderly man was seen escorted by Hamas militants during the kidnapping and the people of Israel with the blood that flowed from his head at that time.
Mumbai, in reply, managed to score in 21.2 overs for the loss of 10 wickets.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong has sent a letter to the DSEO, Mawkyrwat office to take the necessary action.
“He added that the government needs to help people who can showcase their talents and participate in various platforms.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,668 and the death toll has risen to
Jowai, November 19: Four residents of Mih Myntdu village have appealed to the High Court through a writ petition under Article 226 of the Constitution. Through these beneficiaries, they brought to the Court, that the names of these four plaintiffs, Professor RC Laloo MLA of 2 Jowai Constituency has sent their names to the government and the government has already approved their names, in which they should receive T.10,000 (shiphew) thousand each. to build their houses, as named by the office of the Block Development Officer.
James Ban Basiawmoit, EM in charge of Labour, said that there has also been a discussion that foreigners in these areas should have a Labor License and obtain a Labor Licence. The Labor License Department will not accept Rangbah Shnong certificates but what is needed is the EPIC. According to the findings of the reporters, many foreigners in the area do not have EPIC. The CSWO has urged the government not to lodge a complaint against those involved in the attack on the SP of East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday evening during the economic strike. The MIRPLM and the CSWO have also urged the importers of food and beverages not to stop the delivery of food items as this will affect the people and this will be a violation of human rights. .
"It is our duty to end this few children and it is also our duty," Kim Jong Un said at a women's conference in Pyongyang. to take good care of our children and also our mothers.
The award, 'Most Loving and Rocking Teacher' of this year, was awarded by Red FM to this teacher by selecting her nomination on Red FM Facebook and by email.
Drinking a glass of water or tea in the morning can cleanse the body of waste products.
In the voice of the Chief Officer in charge of the electricity supply to these areas, he promised before the MDC and ATSUMSC leader, that he will take action on this issue and that is to bring electricity to these villages. , which the people have had to live without electricity for many years.
He started making various traditional musical instruments and trained himself to play them.
We often see that, when you are in power, you turn a blind eye to injustice and corruption.
During these three days, no festivals will be held and the flag of the country will be hoisted at half-mast in all the offices of the state.
The team with the highest price will come first followed by the others according to the price they buy.
Modern and affordable education Peace and security for everyone.
He said that even if they don't tell, as the village headman, he has strongly warned them, saying that if they don't tell the truth, he will call the law enforcement agencies from Meghalaya and from Assam to investigate further.
Bindo is one of the leaders of the party who has never changed party until today but he has remained in the party.
“It is through these meetings and discussions that I understand clearly that for the sake of the state and the society, it is better to repeal this Act so that it will not be don't have any effect.
The meeting was also attended by MPCC MLAs Charles Marngar MLA from Mawhati Constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh MLA from Umsning Constituency, Saleng A Sangma MLA from Gambegre Constituency and Ronnie V. Lyngdoh MLA Mylliem constituency and other leaders of the Women's Congress.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammed Javad Zarif said the Iranian government wanted to end the fighting, which has killed 640 people since the beginning. since 19th October, according to the World Health Organization.
The girls under 19 years old were Ankita Sharma, Banrisha Wahlang, Suruti Kumari Ray, Neelam Roy, Mansi Anand, Fenny Nongrum, Abizer K Syiem, Sistilin Ryntathiang, Emisakani Warjri and Icyful Mary. Lyngkhoi, Dublin Neng nong, Monycable Mar baniang, Risukdashisha Giri Marwein, Marme M Sangma, Janika R Marak, Ankita Lama, Jaylin Mary R Marak, Dianchi Dora N Sangma, Kim D Shira, Indariakor Kharwanniang, Monica L Phawa, Dawan shisha Warlarpih, San chisateoshna M Sang ma, Awesha G Momin, Gream chi Ch Sangma, Keirida G Momin, Ritreki Pohshna, Cheanchi Kambesa, Anto nia Nongtraw, Inteiri Shabong.
He saw the temple, the temple of the Dkhars, the military base, the rivers in the city, the Police Market, the Iewduh, Motphran, various churches in Shillong which are not in the village. his.
“The party has not yet decided on this,” said Bah Hamlet.
Besides, they said that this will reduce the traffic jam as there are too many vehicles that steal stickers and there are vehicles that do not have permits.
Samson Swer scored 7', 9', 23' & 36' and Hamewnbha scored 20', 48' and
Condemning the incident especially after a person in Garo Hills died from money laundering, Dr Mukul today said he would write to the Prime Minister regarding the plight of the people of Garo Hills. state from lack of funds.
She said that the virus is not a new disease in the state and therefore, they don't want to see the number of cases of COVID-19 increase so much that they have to be banned. dam in their own homes.
It is to be recalled that the Health Sub Center in Tasku has been built for many decades and has been left without implementation for the past 2 years. Jirang MLA said that the Health Sub Center has been operational and was inaugurated today in the presence of the residents from 10 villages.
The lawyer of Bah Rymbai said that the police wanted Bah Rymbai to be in police custody but the court refused as he was in poor health and sent him to the Civil Hospital Jail. Cell is not being treated and is in Judicial Custody.
There are many sacred mountains in our country in different areas and villages, but the most famous are Lum Shyllong, Lum Sohpetbneng, Lum Diengiei, among others.
So far, 19 people have recovered from the disease.
In this regard, the reporter also spoke to the teachers who did not want to be named, they said how the students will develop their skills in sports, if this tournament sports had to be held on the ground and children had to take part due to the lack of a suitable ground.
Earlier, people living with HIV (PLHIV) in Meghalaya had alleged that Bah Shylla had used insulting and insulting words against them and should apologize to the public. The allegation by Bah Shylla that those who bring HIV are mainly from those drivers of cars or trucks, is unacceptable.
India's participants in the World Para Athletics Grand Prix in Jesolo, Italy have reached the end of their journey after the Indian team won the World Para Athletics Grand Prix. He won 2 Gold and 3 Silver medals.
Shillong: There have been 288 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today raided the house of the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh. The meeting was held at Laitumkhrah Beat House.
Meanwhile, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has strongly condemned the Chief Minister of Assam who has admitted that Mukroh village which is still under Assam is just a trick of the Assam government. the Assam government to steal the land of Meghalaya.
The BJP has also included a mini secretariat in the election manifesto as one of the main demands to be implemented as a promise to the people of the state.
The protest was held at Chandmari Stadium, and the people who came to take part held a special prayer for the family of the murdered woman.
All Villages shall cooperate with the decision of the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla on the arrangement of the Dorbar Shnong Bhoirymbong Market within the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Lumdaitkhla.
'Suhana Khan is currently in New York and is studying there.
He concluded by saying that the production of marynthing-ka snap Paka is part of the golden opportunity for us to recognize the dress code from all over the villages, townships and regions and to showcase to the world. Our wealth and especially to teach the youth to love and protect their own Ri Hynniewtrep, the Khasi-Khara people.
They invite all the people of Ri-Lum Jaintia to come out of their homes to listen to the meeting to explain the need for ILP. Shilling, 26 Naitung: The Dorbar Shnong Pommura will hold a cleanliness drive on the 29th of this month from 8:00 pm.
Winning Star Khongjoh scored 56 runs off 32 balls and Rohit Yadav 29 off 27 balls while Bhaboklang Nongpluh took two wickets and scored 32 runs in four overs for Nongdawah CC. Nongdawah CC scored 130 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 17.4 overs and Moonlight War scored 38 runs from 25 balls followed by Resting Sari. 18 to 18 balls.
The price of 19 kilos of buiam lyer shet has increased by T.102.50 today and the price of 10 kilograms of lyer shet , will be T.2355.50, from the usual T.2,253.
Dangri Phawa scored the second goal (77).
So far, about 300 snares and robbers have been arrested by the Delhi Police and the National Investigation Agency (NIA) as part of the crackdown on the gang. ,he added more and more.
Shillong, July 09: U Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, Leader of Adhoc School Teachers, who stirred up the MDA government last year, has now turned to the Pynthorumkhrah Constituency. One of the skilled public speakers who has enough information when he speaks, today went to deliver a speech at the VPP meeting in Smit.
Chairman Executive Committee of Raid Nongshken, Cantrust Dkhar, in a statement today, said that the nomination meeting for the election of Sordar in Raid Nongshken will be held at August 21, 2023, at 12 noon.
In the Men's Double 45+, Aiborlang Ranee and Mark A Laloo defeated Denison Pyngrope/James Sunn.
Cancer is what the Khasi call bampong, because according to the ancient understanding, this disease gradually destroys some parts of the body, especially the esophagus, the stomach and bones, the throat and throat, especially those who smoke and drink cigarettes and alcohol.
“Since I became MDC I have received many requests on the need to reduce traffic jam especially for school children and also those who go to Guwahati.
Speaking as the chief guest, Mr. Wailad expressed his pleasure to take part in this day and congratulated the school and especially the Managing Committee of the school for continuing to provide education to the students.
Speaking to media, the President of UHM, Bah Charlie Rani, said that the reluctance of the land owners on the border to register their land is due to the lack of from the officers, they are not in the offices and the price is too high.
Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ was born in Rangblang Sohsyniang (which produced many priests and religious) on 17th June
If Mukul Sangma's mistake is to be condemned, all those who agree should be called immediately.
The dissolved rebel group ANVC, which has already signed an agreement with the government, is ready to contest the elections this time.
The accident happened at about 7 PM. The scooty (ML 04 D 2601) was coming through Nangbah Road when it collided with a commercial sumo coming from Shillong. ML 11 1969.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Bah RB Shadap, said that the ability to hold such tournaments, is also part of the development of youngsters, who have special talents in the field of football, because Through such competitions, young people can showcase their talents.
Shillong, June 8: Congress MP candidate Vincent H Pala has admitted that BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh has lost his vote from Jaintia Hills.
According to the MSSASA leader, many SSA teachers have been living in poverty because they don't have enough money to get medicine when their children are sick.
“The law of the land is the law of the people, not the law of the state.
They were identified as Binitson Marak, 41, and Biston Sangma, 21, who were taken to Civil Hospital Tura for treatment.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84599 out of which 82878 have recovered and 1475 have died.
Prestone Tynsong said this at a public meeting of the NPP of all seven constituencies in Jaintia Hills at Jrisaleiñ Chutwakhu Square, Jowai on Thursday.
“So far we have received about 30-35 photographs and most of them are in urban areas where photographs and posters have been violated,” said the CEO. who are not allowed to use this App.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on November 11, 2013, said that the state government will soon fill more than 3,000 vacancies in the Police Department.
And they took their money, and went their way.
Meghalaya played well today with only four wickets left to take the team to the target against Arunachal Pradesh.
The Phangwah group went to Lumshyrmit village which is about 15-16 km from Tuber village to take one of the Bhang trees while the Phangnein went to Rashai village and brought another Bhang tree or tree. God.
Shillong: The total wealth of 61 MLA candidates contesting re-elections has increased by 77 per cent in the last five years.
“Our fear is that if they file a case, the government will be able to implement many of the rules and many of the teachers will lose their jobs,” he said.
If the celebration of Christmas is to eat and drink and enjoy the world with violence and hatred, then there is no point in celebrating Christmas. If so, you are still slaves of Satan. become a slave to Satan.
“Although there is a debate, I hope that in the end, we will be able to elect the joint candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance soon,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
As a human being, when there are events that affect him, he cannot help but seek reasons, facts and information regarding these events that destroy his humanity and society.
We want change but when it comes we are afraid and we talk nonsense without any foundation.
He urged the voters to be wise in electing the leaders who will lead the Legislative Assembly for the term 2023-2028 and the victory will be a victory that can bring about peace. turn in all directions.
The first match between Mawphlang SC and Mawkasiang SC was played at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf, Polo. SC won the match by 10 goals.
When John wrote his letter to Gaius in his expression of love, he spoke the language of growth in all aspects, both physical and spiritual.
Kamrup Metropolitan District has 233 new cases, Cachar has 161 cases and Dibrugarh has 133 cases.
In the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, which has 60 MLAs, there are only 10 MLAs from the Trai-Ri, 7 from the UDP, 2 from the HSPDP, 1 from the KHNAM. The question that the intellectuals should try to answer is, what should the MLAs who have only 10 MLAs in the 60-member House do? Look at the last three elections since 2008 to date, in the 2008 Assembly, the Congress has won 25 seats, the NCP Purno Sangma-15 seats, UDP-11, HSPDP-2, KHNAM-1.
In the ration distribution, only 1 household received AAY rice, 42 households PHH rice and 29 households received non-NFSA rice.
Therefore, is the Khasi people more honorable and special, or is it a disease of corruption on the corruption that exists in the people and has been passed down from generation to generation? I myself believe that the Khasi Jaitbynriew is more special in order to hide or cover up its own corruption and in order to increase its own corruption and corruption. Are the Khasi proud of this selfishness and selfishness? Furthermore, NEHU, has it done all this, all these years that it has been here in the beautiful forest of Mawlai? Is NEHU there only to make money for itself and to leave the Khasi people in its own right? Does Ms. Streamlet see all this 'ka sih ka sang' as a Professor of Khasi Language and as Head of Khasi Department? Hasn't the Vice Chancellor of NEHU also been a big chancellor and hasn't been a big handshake there, because it's an 'anna-duna' job of another nation that is not his own? Furthermore, the question arises whether NEHU and the Government of Meghalaya have a collaboration to overcome these shortcomings in the Khasi Grammar and the clumsily cumbersome language and grammar of the Khasi people. )...............??Shuhshuh, as I said, if you delete, erase all the Khasi languages, it will cost hundreds of billions of dollars. to make public or to make public the truth of this corruption and of this corruption.
Several employees of the Emergency Service who are not affiliated with MEMRIWU including pilots, EMTs and EROs today expressed their dissatisfaction after the suspension of the company due to Speaking to reporters, S.Kharkongor denied the allegation that there is a “If the union says that GVK is corrupt, we request the government to conduct an inquiry. “It's a good idea to have a detailed report on the allegations of corruption against GVK,” said S.Kharkongor.
“In the party we need young people who love the country and the nation and to carry the burden, when the nation needs to escape from being insulted by other nations,” he said.
The protest will start from 10 am to 4 pm.
Fifty-two people, who live in various mosques of the Chandni Mahal in Delhi, have been infected and were attending a service in Nizamuddin.
The NGT order has two parts, one is to immediately ban the mining of coal and the other part is to allow coal owners to transport and market the coal that has been mined. the coal that has been mined has been mined for many years.
“The Chief Minister's statement is partly because it is not under the 6th Schedule but this is the power that we have received through the Regulation 1952 and this Act does not exist in Garo Hills. There are only in the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Shylla.
Education Secretary Bah Syrpai Dkhar said in a statement.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar led by Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Pastor Kyrsoi Pyrtuh and former General Secretary of the KSU Auguster Jyrwa on Tuesday said that the people who do not want to register for Aadhaar should not be too worried. themselves, even though they have the threat of losing various benefits from the government.
Bah Titos Chyne said that there is a need to publish Khasi dictionaries and the District Council is ready to work with the Khasi Authors' Society for the survival of the language.
The Meghalaya School of Martial Arts (MSMA) team welcomed four Jeet Kune Do athletes of the State today at Lad Umroi Flyover after they returned home. The 2nd World Jeet Kunedo Championship was held in Kandy Sri Lanka from 10th to 12th October 2023. The winners of the 2nd World Jeet Kunedo Championship Erik Nongkynrih, Assistant Secretary, Central Body, Laitkor Women's Association, together with the parents of the children of the martial arts training camp.
Ajit Pawar was sworn in as the Prime Minister's Advisor at Raj Bhavan in Mumbai today.
If taxes are collected from other types of vacations, why should the taxes be exempted from these competitions where people spend money and time to stay there all day long from early morning? If it is found that the managers violate the rules, they shall also be fined.
From these elders it was learned that there are about four or five villages where the Khasi-Pnars live like Kurma, Dartuicherra, Hilsara and Jalai and all of them live in agriculture and farming. problems also in the lack of development even in education.
The new cases include EGH: 12, EJH: 06, EKH: 184, NGH: 25, RBD: 70, SGH: 06, SWGH: 15, SWKH: 28, WGH: 105, WJH: 35 and WH: 27.
Another ATM of SBI at Sait Sohpen, Sohra has been robbed at 1:00 pm this morning. The ATM is located on the ground floor of M/S Morland Sootinck Service Station. Saitsohpen, Sohra ( Petrol Station).
He said he hoped that with the unity of the farmers, the government would be able to achieve this.
Therefore, the case needs to be heard again and will be heard on July 27,
During this Synod Service, many believers from all over the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills flocked to this Service to experience salvation by being taught the Word of God through the speakers in various public services.
The KSU held a meeting for four hours after the resignation of Bah Frederick Kharmawphlang.
This stone was covered decades and hundreds of years ago by the trees of the Kur Nonglang religious forest.
Righteousness and God have fled from us now into the wilderness.
Shillong, July 27: On the night of the 26th of this month at 11 pm, the SP of Ri-Bhoi District together with the Dy.SP (HQ) of Ri Bhoi District in the presence of three policemen guarding the police station. – They were searching coal trucks passing through the 20 mer GS road from Sohkhwai-Umdu-Umling to pass through the Umling checkpoint. suba is not a broker.
Mawsynram BCC has expressed its satisfaction and gratitude to the MPCC for their action. Speaking as the President of Mawsynram BCC, he congratulated the President of the MPCC, Dr. DD Lapang, and the MPCC as a whole for the new Block after Bah PN Syiem, MLA of the Congress from Mawsynram. He expressed his opposition to the Congress Party and as the new President of the Mawsynram BCC, he promised to work hard to bring unity to the party in Mawsynram BCC. The suspension of Bah PN Syiem is not an emergency action of the MPCC, but after the MPCC has been waiting for a long time, and after the AICC has sent inspectors. AICC Chief V Narayanasamy, Dr. CP Jopshi as AICC Chairman and Mukul Wasnik.
Shillong: After KHNAM MLA/MDC Adelbert Nongrum vowed to lodge a complaint against Pyndap Saibon with the Privilege Committee and the High Court for his remarks to the media, Pyndap Saibon has written In a letter to Bah Adelbert to inform him that his statement is in accordance with the decision of the Central Executive Committee of KHNAM. He recalled that before the MLA election 2018, there was a struggle for the ticket of KHNAM from North Shillong constituency and it was the same CEC. which gives you a ticket.
Men on the other hand need about 2500 calories a day to maintain weight and about 2000 calories a day for those who want to lose about half a kilo of weight per month.
The task of Khaddar Governance is a difficult and challenging task. Many people do not have the ability to understand it.
The author has no intention of condemning or praising the party, if the state unit of the BJP here is still insisting that their party is not anti-Christian as has happened across India, it means that they don't understand the party. ideology because when the order comes suddenly from their high command, they cannot resist.
“This place should be declared as a Heritage Site which is a place of great importance since ancient times and is famous for its silver mining,” said the Sohra MLA.
In fact, Tharoor's visit to Shillong was to meet and discuss with Congress members and he also scheduled to speak to the media at Congress Bhavan.
Without disclosing the names of the students who failed to write the LDA examination at the office of the DSJ Nongstoin, it was said that according to the letter, the examination will be held on the 22nd October 25th Lber 2023, these youths allegedly caused sting by the workers of the post office Shallang.
They don't focus on problems but on guidelines.
We felt like we were Government employees who came as they pleased and went as they pleased; take time off whenever you want.
“The two hour traffic jam from Mawiongrim to Umïam has affected the people especially those who have to go to the Railway Station and Airport Guwahati and other places,” said Bah Adelbert.
Nongpoh: Although the election campaign has gone well in other constituencies in Ri Bhoi District, in Umroi Constituency, the two prominent parties in the state, the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) The Congress has not yet announced its candidates from this constituency.
The leaders of the group, expressed their gratitude to the head of the group, Kamal Bayzid and Tapan who is the host of the sawangka for giving them the opportunity to take part in the tournament and for their support. claim.
North East Now reports that Assam has lodged a complaint against the opening of the Covid testing center at Byrnihat, which is located on the other side of the road between Meghalaya and Assam. , you fall on the National Highway.
The Seng said that what is more shocking is that these foreign shops pose a threat to the health of the people who used to eat and drink in these shops. The owners of these shops are still willing to take advantage by selling more than the price.
“It is necessary to send a team that is impartial and has nothing to do with any political party or any conflict so that peace can be brought to Manipur,” he said.
Those who violate this may be punished according to the rules of law.
The reason why the leaders and members of the MCPC have remained silent for the time being, is that the decision will be taken through the MCPC Committee, so that the candidate from the MCPC or the MCPC itself supports, which means they will always reach the goal of success.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The famous Mawbynna residence of Shillong, which stands opposite the State Central Library near the Martin Luther School, has turned into a nightclub for smugglers.
“I don't say that we should give jait to the father before but I want to ask the CEM whether the children born to a Punjabi or Bihari or other Khasi woman are more rightful to say that they “I want them to look at the order of the High Court which has been in the 1960s,” he said. The VPP has been misled by the political party by saying that it will change the ethnic system because they are too afraid of the party because the people see that the VPP is the only hope of the people. “They want to confuse the people and make dozens of allegations but I have no doubt that the intelligent people will see our straightforward views for the nation and the state as a whole,” said Bah. burning.
The court’s response follows a hearing that took place on July 7, 2023.
Speaking to media, the MLA said, “I expect that the investigation will reveal more about the conditions at the school and the report should be made public.
The pig likes to play with his fellow pigs and this shows that he is still a child.
“If the Prime Minister requests that the Central Government implement this, the Central Government has no problem and is ready to act immediately,” he said.
Victor urged the market dwellers to be clean and hygienic.
The union has sought a solution because the statue has been suit la shor and wants it to remain and in a meeting with the Minister of Sports of the state government, he promised to build a shirynïeng statue. of Tirot Singh in this place.
He said that the Agnipath Scheme is a dark future for the soldiers which will destroy their hopes.
Treasurer.
Although the SCA scored 96/8, Yoomitre Malang scored 19 runs while Ashish Kr Lohar scored 2/1
She said that these identified places should be published on all the websites of the Government to prevent others from turning to the public.
The company is now turning its attention to shipping and the first batch will arrive in Europe next month.
After this, the women also met with the media at Shillong Press Club to explain to the public about the unfounded allegation against Banrikynti by the two men on social media.
It is bordered by Kamrup District of Assam to the east, Mawthadraishan Hill and Mawthadraishan Block to the east, Nongstoin town and Nongstoin Block to the west and Mawshynrut area and Mawshynrut Block to the west.
“Today, at a meeting among the residents of Them ïew Mawlong, the HPC has already read or reviewed the Blueprint sent by the government and on the 10th of this month we will meet with the government to respond to the “This is to relocate us to another place,” said Gurjit.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : Two Bangladeshis were arrested by the BSF of 110 Bn BSF Meghalaya on Friday for smuggling into the Indian border through the border area of ​​Meghalaya. to rob and to steal.
This attitude and such actions seem to have become part of our political culture.
Two Shillong Premier League clubs have expressed their dissatisfaction with the introduction of a new rule by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) in the Meghalaya State League this season.
Congress spokesperson Khushbu tweeted that Jayalitha's resignation has not yet ended her victory. She said she can walk freely but she will not. sleep well again.
The Pharmacist in charge of the Central Medical Store of the Directorate of Health Services (MI) has informed about the need to dispose of expired medicines through a letter dated 27th June, the cleaning of expired medicines.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Minister in charge of North Eastern Development, Dr Jitendra Singh, who is also the Chairman of the North Eastern Council (NEC), has appointed two new members of the Council. Chandra Kanta Das, retired IAS and Prof Gangmumei Kamei, one of the founders and employees of the public.
Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu has spoken on the importance of agriculture and how to increase the income of farmers through various schemes of the CM through the state governments. .
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 17: The Committee on Women Empowerment and Child Protection Cell of the Legislative Assembly headed by Kong Santa Mary Shylla as Chairperson on Friday visited Nongstoiñ to hold a meeting with the authorities. District Administration, Police Chiefs and officers of District Social Welfare, District Child Protection, Doctors and others.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai Syllaikariah on Saturday closed its Silver Jubilee celebration amidst various programmes organized by the school. Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang was the chief guest, MDC Teiborlang Pathaw was the chief guest, leaders of the Managing Committee of Christ Church Morning School, teachers, students, parents and others. others.
Bah Monarch ShabongIt is in such cases that the question arises, “Who should eat the pylleng or the cow first?”.
Has this hospital now brought in nurses from other states who don't speak any language? These people do not speak Hindi or English.
“The Bharat Jodo Yatra is to bring rights to the youth.
The KJP Assembly will hold a special meeting tomorrow at 11 am on this occasion and at the same time, the Nongsaw Lia Church will also hold a special meeting. the 175th anniversary of the Church.
Not only Daniel, but Jesus also reminds us of what Daniel foretold.
They also expressed the hope that under Modi's leadership, many things will be accomplished.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Umroi Assembly Youth Congress, Samla PP Rynghang, said that the reason why the youth have left the post of Congress leaders and members is because of the They strongly opposed the working methods of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee.
The Administrative Officer of the Hospital, Bah KW Marbaniang, said that the Governing Board of the Hospital has started in
Speaking to media, the DGP said that the number of new vehicles in the city is increasing every day while the roads remain the same and the number of parking spaces does not increase at all. walking and parking.
This is no longer a recent phenomenon, but one that has been going on for a long time.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai today clarified the law promulgated by the Central Government which stipulates that the areas under Schedule 6 including Meghalaya will be exempt from the census. implement the Citizenship Amendment Act which was in accordance with the petition he sent to the Central Government on 19th November,
The plane was unable to fly on its route from Karlsruhe, Germany, prompting security forces and security agencies to search for the plane. went flying and fell into the unseen.
Many of the incidents that occurred in this area were not caused by these poi ei.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Assistant Director of Agriculture, Dr KB Sahkhar, said that there are only 26458 dairy cows in the state producing 80410 tonnes of milk.
At the meeting, Sema said that the Government of India has also approved the upgradation of the School of Nursing at NHAK to a Nursing College.
The union also urges the public not to spread the pictures of these children on social media as this will affect them, their relatives and it is also an illegal act against children. shrink.
He has done many good things for us and I think many Bah projects have been completed in the state through his hard work.
The elderly, who are infected with the coronavirus, have been stoned by angry youths, because the government, wants to move them, to a new place of residence.
“In a letter to the Chief Minister, we have mentioned that there has been misuse of public money and the government has not done anything yet,” he said.
Jowai, Naitung 22: On the 16th November 2013, the Um Kiang VDPs have arrested Abraham Lamin in Um Kiang village, while he was trying to distribute drugs to the youth of the village.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today welcomed four MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) at its office.
Many experts have said that the time is not right to take measures to prevent the severe impact of climate change and global warming.
The three-time champions will be preparing to win their first title after failing to win Serie A, the Italian Cup and the Champions League under Jose Mourinho. 2010.
“If the people do not approve of the work of the NPP-led MDA government, they should have allowed more MLAs to the UDP. “Give us more MLAs so that we can serve better.
Shillong: The CoMSO is surprised to see in the news that Mukul Sangma has sent a speech against the MRSS Amendment Bill
Due to the complaint of these opponents, the approval of the dealer by the SDO's office has been temporarily suspended before the issuance of the permit for the month of July
The second beast, being lower than the first, obeyed the first beast, that people worship the first beast by having it written on their right hands. or in the number 666.
Referring to the announcement in the media that if they do not work within nine days, they will call other employees, she said that GVK has not said to dismiss. iano he no spirit.
She said that this will apply to all Government Departments and will also apply to the State when it comes to implementing the Policy in the recruitment process.
The case comes after Rare Metabolics Life and Aark Pharmaceuticals filed a complaint in court alleging that Matrix Labs has not delivered the 7.24 lakh equipment. to pay the amount before receiving the items.
The pressure groups, the East Jaintia National Council and the Jaintia National Council, have joined forces under one flag and formed the JNC.
Shillong, Naitung, 14: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in recent days has received complaints from dozens of Khasi youths who earn money by transporting passengers through various apps such as Rapido. The Transport Department has banned these Apps operating within the border of Meghalaya.
The chief guest was L Lyngdoh, Joint Director School Education and Literacy, West Jaintia Hills District. Passah Working president of WJDSA and others.
In the midst of the raid, there was also a clash between the union and the Khasi shopkeepers but the union has made it clear that it has no reason with its fellow citizens to do anything. The union wants to know that the work will be done in the right way and not illegal.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, there have been reports that there is a plan to remove Bah Pynshngaiñ as CEM by the UDP and the Congress party.
Other new office bearers of NESO for the term 2022-2025 include Dr. Samujjal Bhattacharjya as Chief Advisor, Upendra Debbarma and Sinam Prakash Singh as Advisors, Dipanka Kr Nath and Ricky Lalbiakmawia - vice chairman, Mutsikhoyo Yhobo as secretary general, Manseng A.Sangma and Wangjam Sanatomba Meitei as assistant secretary general, John Debbarma as finance secretary and Sanker Jyoti Baruah, Ejanthag Ngullie, Prikeshwar Moirangthem, coordinator Lalremruata Hlondorma and Bikash coordinator .
“Referring to the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana (PMUY), Rani said that this is a scheme to provide free gas to those poor households who have BPL cards.
The union has expressed its strong opposition to the Daloi office for not following the rules of the JHADC and not informing the union.
Therefore, without the Exchange of Women in the Family, the talk about the society in the city has no meaning.
They vowed to continue their strike even while the state is celebrating Christmas.
He recalled that in the past two years during the outbreak of Covid 19, the Government of India through Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked hard to provide foodgrains to every household. to provide free vaccination to all the people, for the prevention of covid and many other assistance that the BJP government has done for the people.
The workshop concluded with the outline of a comprehensive approach to unlock the potential of the Meghalaya flower industry, including suggestions and discussions.
She gave birth to 4 sons and a daughter , but within hours one of her sons and one daughter passed away.
The video has been viewed 5.4 million times and Armaan's fans congratulate him and his two wives for having a child together.
The allowance of coal mining factories to operate without permission has turned the air into bih in many parts of East Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
The 11 District Election Officers of Delhi have also been directed to disseminate the compliance/adherence notice within the time given to the Election Planner of the Election Commission of India (ECI) in this regard. section.
On the same day, the PFR organized four types of sports, including tyllai, Mawpoiñ, 100 meter race and Futsal.
Kms and only a few inhabitants are also called cities.
“Therefore, I strongly appeal to you to take immediate action and curb such acts of violence which take place through public places which endanger children and youth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the CEM of KHADC said that no NOC has been requested from any group but if such a request comes, the KHADC will listen to the voice. The people, the voice of the land owners, the villages, the Raids and the Himas will take a decision.
They are like a ksew that lies down in a field, but it doesn't eat itself. They are exactly as the poet Soso Tham said – Long King of Darkness, Rule of Foolishness, Long Raiot of Fear and Smieit! The people ask their MLAs/MDCs/MPs why you are listening, doesn't Regulation No.5 of 1952 work? The ILP in your hand, has it been extended to Delhi? Christmas is over, Republic Day is over, the elections in Delhi are over, what else will Amit Shah do? Therefore, CoMSO and other Seng Bhalang, we need you too; Arden Miller Basaiawmoit, ex-MLA to the Hynniewtrep Revolution, said that the people of the country have been informed about the bank account.
Rangbah Shnong Babu RS Marbaniang and Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MDC Mawkhar, Pynthorumkhrah Constituency who were the Chief Guests also delivered speeches.
Mrs. Linda Congwang[continued].
MLAs who do not prepare themselves will face problems because the Ministers, especially the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, have to be fully prepared to give their opinion.
“I was driven for 40-50 km in two days.
Shillong: Smit FC on Tuesday beat Nongrim Hills FC 1-2 in the SPL U-18 tournament at Polo Ground.
When she was buried on Sunday 9.8.2020 at the cemetery of her church at Wahkdait, Mawblei, there were 9 speakers, except for the Chairman and his family.
Khasi milk mixed with milk from Dkhar, Lyngkien, and those Khasi women who support and are Khasi children is very wrong.
Media reports said that the closure of the market was due to the inability to scan the bar code of the LC of the traders and for this reason, they could not release the trading inheritance.
The districts with the lowest number of candidates are Eastern West Khasi Hills with 9 candidates, 7 males and 2 females followed by East Jaintia Hills with 10 candidates, 8 males and 2 females. .
Dear friends in the Lord Jesus, perhaps some of us have lost this glory because of sin but there is still time for us to turn to Him and receive this glory once again.
Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram have received 16,144.01 hectares and 3675.78 hectares respectively.
Yet, about 2.4 billion people, or about a third of the world's population, believe in the Bible.
The Seng Kut Snem is a day to remember and instill the spirit of love for the national identity in the future generations so that the Khasi people will not disappear. 116 years old.
At the same time, Bah Erwin K.Sutnga, Leader of the Sur u Paidbah u Hynniewtrep, said that a meeting will be held at the office of Maroda near Heh Mawlai Phudmawri Square at 10:00 pm to discuss the issue. Shillong, Lber 03 : In the 25th anniversary of his service as MLA of Pynursla Constituency, the people of Pynursla Constituency have elected him. Their leader, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, received 13745 votes and more than 8140 votes for the opposition candidates especially the UDP candidate who received only 5377 votes.
Their strike started on 30th November and has continued till today.
As a man of God, Thomas Jones had a good intention to come here to Ri Khasi and its people.
At the same time, he congratulated the school management for organizing this festival, where the prizes were awarded to the winners of the Best Discipline Group by Group Dahlia. , while Group Desert Rose was named Best Group of the Year.
If they cannot pay the overdue bill, we will not cut off the electricity,” said Mondal.
Your friends don’t die and neither do you.
Samla Banshai Marbaniang together with Samla Morgan Lyngdoh President HYC Mawsynram Circle urged the MePDCL department to provide clarification on this matter and MePDCL agreed to attend the meeting as scheduled. The electrical consumers within the division should be provided with electricity without stinging or discriminating against them so that it does not cause any problems.
Shillong: The Congress MP from Shillong, Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that the Village Administrative Bill (VAB) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been suspended due to the lack of politics of the BJP and its lack of transparency.
Several candidates from various political parties including the UDP candidate from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, the TMC candidate from Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh, Bah NPP candidate from Jirang constituency, Sosthenes Sohtun, BJP candidate from Nongpoh, Marian Maring and HSPDP candidate from Umsning, Primrose Makdoh, who expressed their hope that they will reach the goal of success through popular support.
Ardent said that he has no evil intention to criticize the media and he does not want the public to criticize the journalists for the news, because it is their duty. of the media to inform the public.
Due to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, the Sohra Civil Sub-division authorities have enacted Section 144 CrPC to curb any disturbance and to prevent traffic, crowding and smuggling. to the weapons of injury.
The Mizo language is also a minority but the assembly speaks the Mizo language.
Therefore, as understanding people, in order to avoid any problems, confusions and problems of all kinds in the future, let us PLEASE MAKE APPROPRIATE LAWS for the sake of the spectators and also. that the cows should be free from injury and death, because not only is it dangerous to the animals but also to the spectators if the laws on cow management are not proper.
“In fact, before leaving the house to go to the hospital, I had already poured water to extinguish the fire but while I was in the hospital, I received a message that the house had collapsed. She immediately went back to her house and found that the whole house had caught fire and all the belongings had been burnt down,” said Sohbar.
The 19-year-old girl, Walinda Binong, is a resident of Nongangang Marngar village, Ri-Bhoi District.
Also present on the occasion were the family members of the deceased including the daughter of (L) Bah Rana Kharkongor, Baphidalin Kharhunai, son of (L) R Waroh Pde, Kong Naphi Sun and granddaughter of u (L) Mr. Skendrowell King and Mr. Budlang Nongrum.
On the other hand, he knew that his time to rule over this earthly kingdom would be short (3 and a half years) so he ruled as an enemy.
Police have registered the case as a case of fraud and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that as the Hima Mylliem has been waiting for a long time, the Umsning Town Dorbar has decided to wait for another 10 months. The social agreement shall be signed only between the Town Dorbar and the District Council.
In any case, whether it is the exemption from the revenue outside the budget of the council or the lack of revenue from the forest products of Jaintia Hills, the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( JHADC) has received only T.10,55,002 from June 2022 to June this year.
Speaking at the meeting, the Speaker spoke about the contributions of former Lok Sabha Speaker and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, PA Sangma.
The elders invited Bah Sokon and Bhalang to sit in the room where the leaders and the speaker were sitting.
Shira said that in Marcuise's documents which he submitted when he registered for the MLA elections, he did not show that he had the ' case' pending against him.
Akhtar Shabong said that even the water is not suitable for drinking and even the umbiah is not drunk.
“Like the Congress in 2014 (before the Lok Sabha elections), the NPP has now campaigned at night just to open and lay the foundation stone,” he said.
Participation can take many forms, but we must first remove the feeling of home or friendship or even the welfare of the person or person should not be the main reason.
The number of cases has now risen to 2 lakh worldwide and the death toll has risen to
Speaking to media after handing over the petition to the Chief Secretary, Angela Rngad, Convenor of TUR, said, “With this petition, We have given our suggestions on how to implement the Act and we have also given the Rules prepared by the Association of Land Dealers.
Shillong, July 28: The KHNAM has contested against the MLA and former Minister of Meghalaya, Pynshai Manik Syiem from Mawphlang-Diengiei, Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai, Christable Wanniang from Umroi, Probity Nongpluh from Laitumkhrah-Malki. Kodios Thongni of Jirang, Rangskhem Wansai of Mawsynram and Allowis Dohtdong of Mawkynrew.
The final was attended by Sanbor Shullai MLA Shillong South Constituency, relatives of (L) Debo Shullai who won the title, MDCs. They include Andrew Shullai, Lakhon Biam, Dawan Lyngdoh and others.
Theft, robbery and many kinds of evil deeds have begun to increase in these days. Isn't this happening because the human beings have become stingy and there are no longer those who watch or lead the way? protect your own nation that knows man and knows God.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District today visited the office of the Superintendent of Police (SP) in West Khasi Hills District. to demand the return of the flags that the police confiscated from the HYC members during their flag raising ceremony in Rambrai to convey to the Prime Minister the nine demands of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
We would like to point out here that 'benami' has brought about the destruction of the nation in many ways.
In order to avoid the spread of COVID 19 and to avoid overcrowding at Mawsarong Station, the Shnong has arranged the opening hours of the shops.
Meanwhile, the Garobadha outpost police have been alert to the incident and have arrested a group of robbers from the residents of Jaluagre (Mangsanggittim).
Private companies employ exactly as many people as they need.
He acknowledged that there may be those who misuse the scheme in other ways and this action of the banks, is also to check such actions which are not related to the scheme.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has decided to close down the residence of Sanjita Das and Deb, who are located at the residence of I Kharmudai, Riat Laban East, Madan Laban.
The closure of the Marten by the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun, is something that all the children of the thousands within the boundary of the Hima Mylliem should talk about.
He said that many of those who take loans but find it difficult to pay the loans and can no longer sell their produce.
During the search, a bag of Cannabis Powder weighing 70 grams and 5 kilos of Poppy flowers were seized from him. part of the investigation, police said.
Noting that the VPP is not a threat to the RDA, Kharjahrin said, “The VPP is a new party without indigenous workers.
As Umran Dairy is a large village with 3 villages with about 400 households, the 6th MLP BN Police have handed over 20 blankets to the Rangbah Shnong to distribute to those who need them.
Many also understand that if they refuse to have children, it is a serious sin.
“We are continuing the investigation to find out whether there are any others involved,” said the police officer. schools and colleges.
Nongpoh: Members of the Karbi Students Association (KSA) from Karbi Anglong today banned the delivery of ration. from Meghalaya to Pdengtleit Ummat Village, one of the villages in Block-2 on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Bah Paul said he is very pleased that the religious leaders have come forward to join hands in the fight against drugs in the state.
Arwanki Phadong in the 29th minute, Eliser Suiam in the 44th minute and Rangdajied Sayoo in the 63rd minute scored the goals for Khliehmuchut.
Security forces have been deployed to ensure the smooth conduct of the MDC elections and a large number of security personnel have been deployed to the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, the government said.
Members-and-leaders-of-KSU-WKHD-standing-at-the-office-of-the-DC-of-WKHD. The DC of West Khasi Hills, to express their protest, but while the members and leaders of the party were on their way to the DC's office, the police and Magistrates blocked their way before they left. After the district authorities closed the road, the leaders and members of the KSU, stood in front of the gate of the DC's office. They shouted loudly against the plan to hold a public hearing on the road and said that it is the government's plan to mine uranium. .
But those who have wealth and those who have power do not.
He said that so far, 23 persons including 21 men and two women have been arrested out of 26 persons accused of involvement in the incident in Tura on Monday while 18 persons including 10 Police personnel including 8 men and 2 women, 7 CPRF personnel and one Home Guard volunteer.
She said that the police do not want the police to insult the poor and do not want the police to be biased. .
India can hope to win gold medals in the men's and women's teams.
After the hearing on the preparation of the Delimitation Bill through the Delimitation Committee, one of the Village Ministers, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Village Minister of Rangthong Village said, That this arrangement of villages from one Constituency to another would have been better done after the amendment of the 6th Schedule.
In 30 years of trials, my mother has stood firm in the truth, and has overcome the threat that uranium will bring to this Khasi country even though she has no education but an understanding of humanity that has been taught to her. The nature around us has released us from the loss of money because it will bring us trouble.
Swastic Chettri (5/9) took three wickets in 15.3 overs for SCA-A while Kumar took 1/14 and Bipin Ray 1/26 each. he took a wicket today.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Extra Assistant Commissioner of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Bah Gautam Warjri, said that the SDO (Civil) is on leave. it should only identify the poor people whose names cannot be arranged according to the village arrangement.
Thousands of soldiers were also prepared to attend the funeral service especially when the body of the King was transported from Westminster Abbey to Wellington, Ach.
Kyrshan Blah, President MPUF East Jaintia Hills, said that after receiving information that this house is in need, as part of supporting this house, they decided to provide assistance according to their means.
Many party leaders from the state and block were also present at the welcoming ceremony.
In the second leg of the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy, Demthring defeated Moosyiem Shangpung to score the first goal of the tournament. With this 2-0 victory, Demthring have scored 3 points.
He added that as they do in Umsawli, as they do in Umïam to those workers who are Khasi, the same should be done, if you can expel Khasi how can you talk to foreigners to give them houses? saw five floors.
The leader was UDP MDC and Deputy CEM of JHADC, Bah Lasky Rymbai who was speaking at the UDP meeting in New Hills on Thursday.
It is alleged that these robbers robbed and beat Sylvanus to death and another friend escaped death in this incident.
“Through this demand, I hope that the government will listen to my demand as the leader of the area, because it is also a well-founded demand and it is also the basic need of the people, from the “It is necessary for them to receive adequate health care,” said Bah Sosthenes Sohtun.
Two persons were killed and others injured in the incident which happened five years ago. The deceased were (L) Derestmon Siangshai and (L) Setlang Phawa. The seriously injured were identified as Rashiba Siangshai and Jairaplang Rymbai of Wapungskur village and others.
There are many intelligent youth from the North East, but they have not been able to pass due to lack of adequate guidance and training,” said the NEMP's Forum.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84698 and out of these 83019 have recovered and 1476 have recovered.
Poland, meanwhile, was the first country in 2022 to support Ukraine with tanks, vehicles and other equipment.
If we turn a little bit to the explanation of the Indian flag throughout the times, it was explained by the second President of India, Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that Khanapara area is one of the most dangerous areas in terms of Corona Virus as it is close to Assam and other parts of the country. Most of the cases are from Assam.
After finding many shortcomings in all aspects of government schools in Chandigarh, the authorities have decided to inspect all government schools to ensure the safety of the students.
The Selection Committee of the MCA has already announced the names of the 15 players who will make the first appearance in the list of
He said that although the governments of Meghalaya and Assam are still in the middle of the border settlement and have already signed a MoU in front of Defense Minister Amit Shah, it seems that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam do not have an understanding. as evidenced by the incident.
Speakers included BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh, Sumitra Laloo, former District President Bison Paslein, ST Morcha President Jiedlang Sana and Vice President BJP West Jaintia Hills. District, Bah Karbar Tyngkan and others.
At the same time, Shillong received 12.1 mm of rainfall while Umiam received 4.8 mm.
Members of Faith Foundation, Child Friendly Shillong and BIDS took part in the meeting and gave their views.
Shillong: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has held a protest rally at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi from 29 and 30 November 2023 to demand the implementation of the demands of the organization.
The president of KWOHR, Ngaineikim, said that the KWOHR is deeply saddened by the actions of the Manipur police commando against the seven youths from Moreh.
They are five MLAs from the Congress, four from the Voice of Peoples' Party (VPP) and five from the Trinamool Congress (TMC).
We firmly believe that there is a good reason why the people want ILP in the state.
“The Government should help support households that use electricity by reducing the price, not large factories or large industries.
Shillong: About five years ago, the number of shops along the road in Tynam Masi, was still very low but now, the shops have increased due to the increase in tourism.
The union said that recently it has been discovered that some officers who have joined for only six months or a few months have been dismissed and this has affected many churches especially the people who go to these government offices.
The government lawyer said it had decided to appeal against the court's decision to remove Loma's appointment.
Tears welled up in the eyes of the couple, but this time, they decided to meet soon and in his parting words, Robbins said, “Jeannine, I love you. thep my soul to you"
However, the government should take these as warnings and lessons.
In this match, which is also the first time that Nongthymmai S&CC will play in the SPL, it was found that most of the players on the player list are which it has brought in from outside, as part of strengthening its own team in this tournament.
The ears are tired of listening to the lecture every day or 3 days.
Bah Arju said it is necessary to get the cooperation of everyone from the top to the lowest level of employees to improve the performance and service delivery.
Such behaviors cause or produce divisions among groups or societies in many ways just to gain glory.
As a prominent player in the early years of the national team, Balaram was also a member of the national team in the 1950s and 60s, where he associated himself with the stars. Chuni Goswami and PK Banerjee.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited the Arsla Organic Tea Growers and Producers Cooperative Society (AOTG&PCS) today. to lay the foundation stone for the construction of an Organic Tea Processing Unit at Nongjri, Ri Bhoi District.
It is said that the asteroid could pose a serious threat if it hits the Earth in its path and will come at a distance of 4.65 meters and is the largest. , from other asteroids that have passed around the Earth and for this reason, NASA is very worried.
In Mawkyrwat, the contest will be between Hadrian Lyngdoh of the UDP and Diverland Lyngdoh of the Congress, while in Langrin, it will be between Probin K Raswai and incumbent MDC of the Congress.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The management of Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University (MRS-PTU), Bathinda, Punjab on Tuesday announced the admission process for the students of Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University (MRS-PTU). state of Meghalaya.
He said that the MeECL officials have informed that the Corporation does not have a transformer yet but will provide it as soon as it gets it.
Shillong: Leaders of the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FORMLD) including Bah Peter D Rynjah, General Secretary, FORMLD and Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser & Spokesperson, (FORMLD) on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner. , East Khasi Hills District, Shillong today, 14th July 2021, to submit a petition for the construction of a road in Pyrdiwah Village, which is after 20 years since Pyrdiwah Village was annexed on 1st June The Bangladesh army was arrested.
“I used to force them to blaspheme God when I was very angry, I blasphemed in the cities and beyond the district,” said Paul.
Com, he is waiting for the information to come, until all the votes have been counted.
Israel's suspension of Gazans' visas to Israel has opened the door for Indians, sources said.
“This is the practice of governments in the past,” he said.
He also congratulated the members of the Regional Boundary Committees from both the states, who have worked hard to achieve this 50-year-old dream of the people of the state.
It was suggested to place the portraits of the great men, the swordmen of the Hynniewtrep people as a sign of remembrance on these khilon.
They also informed the Principals that those who implement the allowance for the grant from the state government for the salaries of the teachers will not be paid or released at all.
In 1952, I was in class 9 and I was studying at Welsh Mission Girls High School and I remember signing up as one of the volunteers in the protest against the appointment of MDCs in the United States. Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
It can be witnessed that Bah Ardent's strike has received strong support from the people from early morning till late night who have lined up to wish him good health during the struggle against the government.
If you like to eat sohpieng you need to eat antad.
The arrest of Sohan is a victory for the police to learn more about Sohan.
Expressing his concern over the incident in Syntung, the Governor said that the incident has affected the reputation of the state which is also a prominent tourist destination.
Niamtre students who received the awards this year are 11 students at the SSLC level, 3 students at the HSSLC level and 2 students at the Doctorate level.
Speaking at the general meeting of Deputy Commissioners and Sub-Divisional Officers (Civil) on 17th June in Shillong, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, urged them to turn their attention first to the people first. that they make any decisions.
Justice Katakey in his report said that the location of the coal collected according to the 2018 report and what the IO finds in his investigation in 2023 is very different. Don Bosco College is not the only coal mine in 2018, according to Mul Sympli.
He said that most of these hundreds of people are supporters of the UDP and now he has a strong hope of winning the 2018 elections.
He said that the only thing that has affected is the increasing number of development projects in the area in these days which has delayed the implementation of development projects and caused concern among the people.
To make Hindi compulsory cannot be done at present in Meghalaya because the education policy in Meghalaya has not yet made Hindi compulsory,” said Dr. Nonglait.
He said that in the UDP, there are many committees that advise on many issues.
Therefore, HITO urges the immediate closure of such illegal market places which are unclean and unclean for the safety of the farmers and residents.
So for them too we want to get information about them.
Alone he decided that he should have her in his life, to be the beloved of his soul.
He said the MPCC's call was personal and not for the party.
Beware folks!! This is a secret and secret war that comes from super natural power.
Speaking to reporters, SP City Steve Rynjah said that the four suspects were identified as Frankupar Nongrang (42) alias Ker from Mawbyrngem. West Khasi Hills; Kularshai Lyngdoh Mawnai (37) of Laitlyngkot, Klostar Marngar (37) of Pomblang-Blat and Wadbor Nongsiej (27) of Thomas Wet Mission.
Meghalaya also has a number of players who have appeared and progressed rapidly in the Shillong Premier League.
Pay Scale:- Level 11th of Revised Pay Structure.
The National Cricket Academy (NCA) of the BCCI has selected seven girls players from the Meghalaya Cricket Association to take part in the Senior Women North East Camp to be held in Dimapur from next month.
They also alleged that with the permission of the ADCs to hold fish competition and there are many fish ponds, but fish still have to be imported from abroad and cannot conduct the fish competition so the KHADC cannot function properly. have money and are run by the state government.
However, the rules of the Sixth Schedule do not say that Dkhars are prohibited from obtaining trade licenses but that it is necessary to regulate their trade in order to protect the trade. the inheritance of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo land owners.
The UCIL office in Shillong is located in Nongmensong.
Surprisingly, on the days of larger programs in such schools, parents have to buy and send expensive clothes for their children to wear. only in one day.
There are also those who live in the houses or ground floors of people's houses in some villages just to earn a living.
They have reached the point where they can no longer forgive.
Police have seized 10.174 kilos of Amphetamine W.Y @ Yaba tablets from the pla of Jiten Wairokpam Singh. .
“I would like to congratulate your former MLA, Bah Hamlet for bringing in this adequate hospital.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Federation of Khasi States, the Dolloi, the Sirdarships and the Council of Nokmas have welcomed Ms Helen LaFave, US Consul General, together with US officers in front of the Mawphlang Court on the morning of 17th July
There are also some schemes that have converged with MNREGS. There are also some farmers who have received seed subsidy and fertilizer.
You opened the Duwan.
It is shocking to see the rapid increase in this crime according to the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) in India.
Tomorrow, the 8th match will be between Mynsngad and Phramer at 3 pm.
Four others who were seriously injured in the incident are admitted to the CCU of the hospital, while one person has been discharged from the CCU. When inquired by this reporter, it was found that many of them have left the hospital, as they have started to recover and those who are still undergoing treatment at the hospital are only 4 people. including the truck driver.
The aim of the Society is also to obtain labor license from the government department for foreign workers so that they can work according to the law, to assist contractors or any agencies to employees or employees.
"It's not like that," Kynsai agreed.
According to reports from East Jaintia Hills, 25 pigs have died in Wapungskur village alone.
Amlarem: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the preparation of the draft photo electoral roll of the 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency. in the Sub-Division on 01-01-2
He said that the CMD has given a firm promise that after three months he will strive to appoint all the remaining 466 persons.
Shillong, November 5: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold its Central Executive Committee (CEC) on 9th November 2013 at the residence of its General Secretary, Meghalaya. Prof.Colony, Kharmalki, at 10.30 pm to discuss the issues of teachers in various ways. The union therefore requests its members and office bearers to attend the meeting. discuss important and pressing issues of teachers.
“We have been preparing for the election, the UDP has won twice in the last election and there will be others who will come to support us,” said Bah Pius.
It is here that the saying “How much you can hide from justice when you do evil” is true and now the corruption of the government in relation to Covid-19 has been revealed.
“However, on the 27th of June, it was found that the people had robbed the doors.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Union Government through the Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik on Tuesday inaugurated the Composite Regional Center for the training and empowerment of children. at the meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The KSU leaders have organized these meetings after receiving information that the village has been subjected to border crossing by the Assam government through the Forest Department. They came to cross the border in Umsaw Lumdorbar village, which is one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi and falls under the Raid Nongtung.
According to the rules, the Deputy Commissioner has banned political parties or candidates from writing on posters, banners and other advertisements on streets, roads and in any private place. walls without the permission of the landlords as well as the Office.
The competition was started in 1947 by the British Government after the Second World War with the aim of bringing peace through the music of different ethnic groups.
As one of the Ministers, I would look for Xerox copies. If Freeman, like a child, steals food, he carries others while he covers himself.
Cornelius said that four states will participate in the tournament, including Sikkim, West Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya.
Police on Tuesday night seized the gun from the possession of a man from Chachatgre village near Williamnagar. , which is a village near the Simsang River.
Police have rushed to the scene and entered the grounds of the Civil Hospital, PWD office and some of them have arrested those who have fled. through the highway.
In these days, it is said that the family members of the deceased used to talk to each other and used to eat the food of the survivors.
Part XXI of the Constitution does not include or mention any special provision regarding the creation of Meghalaya like other states in the East.
The purpose of this tournament is to showcase the talented youth in this sport and the main purpose is to select from among the players from the 'Open to All' category who will represent the District in the categories. There is no higher level of competition at the State Level.
The lighting ceremony started at 3 pm.
The central theme of the company's work is to turn to the depositors and the provision of funds to those who come to collect or receive the money of the deceased within 10 days. All the necessary documents have been obtained for this purpose.
The organizers of the competition have selected two talented singers from the state, including Batista Khongthah and Daphihi Suchiang. Special singers, during the organization of the competition to compete for the title.
In June last year, the Meghalaya High Court had ordered the State Government to ban vehicles carrying more than 10 metric tonnes from passing through the bridge at Pung Umïam. The current bridge will not last long if it carries too many vehicles.
And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with them, and fell down and worshiped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh.
The number of recoveries is 91,9
To date, only Goa has its own Goa civil code regardless of religion or ethnicity.
There is no need to get a Khasi Chief Minister while you have the support of TMC and Congress, no matter if you are a Metbah, because you can't get many national parties. no wut2
They scored 111 runs for five wickets.
According to a statement on social media, Samla Pnar has been promoted from Operations Managing Director to Managing Director of Echo Bangladesh.
Here I will summarize, translate and translate into Khasi some of the teachings of the path of the Ryntieh and the Khnam which can be found in The Archer as follows: the Snake.
The District demands that the law enforcement agencies should take strong action and not grant bail to all those involved in the shooting and injury of this Samla, said a statement from Samla Mac Iver Thabah. Vice – President KSU Mawlai Circle.
Besides these speakers, Rev. F. Bartholomew Marak, Rev. Triliz Momin, Arbi Marak, Pebing Sangma, Dorina Sangma, Addl.SP B. Marak and others also delivered speeches. The same voice was expressed and that is that the Garo and Khasi should continue to unite as they have always done because although they are Garo people, not all of them are doing these things.
Nongpoh, Nailar 30: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has awarded prizes to those students who have passed the SSLC Examination 2016, after they have passed the SSLC Examination to the family and the district as a whole as a sign of improving education and encouragement to other students to continue to strive to reach other levels of education.
He said that this inspection of all the electricity projects in the state is not a matter of taking political advantage but the situation in the state has forced them to take action to walk on this path. to inspect and seek information on the progress of projects in the state.
According to Bah John, the Law Department has informed that the preparations for the establishment of the Commission have been completed. don already.
Regarding the employees in Group A, Group and Group C, their salary will be withheld by 35% in all departments of the state government.
At the GEC, all the units in the North Eastern States have attended except those in Delhi, Bangalore, Dehradun and others.
The SMC Association urges the Government of Meghalaya to release the new salary as sanctioned by the PAB. The SMC Association has decided to hold a public meeting on the 10th June 2017 at 10:30 Am at Bishop House, New Nongstoin invites all the Managing Committees of all schools to attend the Meeting.
We have seen that in the past there have been many such initiatives taken by the Dorbar u Syiem Mylliem Hima, the KHADC and many farmers' organizations.
However, he said that they have not yet sent all the documents to the MCCL. “However, the state government has not yet taken a final decision on how to proceed.
He said it was Sohan who sent the police to raid in many places in Garo Hills especially after the end of the Wangala festival.
According to the MCTO & DA, the closure of the toll gates has severely affected the income of the truck owners.
During the signing of the MOU, it was seen that the Assam government has promised not to allow any commercial development in the area such as quarrying.
This is according to the statement of the sordars, secretaries of villages and leaders of the area.
According to the documents submitted by the Government of Meghalaya, these 12 areas between the dispute with Assam, which Meghalaya claims to belong to Meghalaya, are (i) Upper Tarabari, ( ii) Gizang Reserve forest (iii) Hahim (iv) Langpih (v) borduar (vi) Boklapara (vii) Nongwah-Mawtamur (viii) Khanapara-Pilliangkata (ix) Deshdemoreah (x) Block-I &II (xi) Khanduli-Psiar and (xii) Ratacherra.
On the other hand, the Village Authority of Moolamylliang invites and welcomes all those who come to witness the beauty of the village through these sights and other beauties in nature.
Meanwhile, the UDP will hold a General Council on the 29th March at the Deva Kumar Das Memorial Hall, Sankar Dev College at 10 am to discuss issues affecting the people. .
This is after the Deputy Commissioner received a complaint that some villages do not allow farmers to go to their fields without a written permission from the office.
The Union took this decision at the Executive Committee meeting held on Saturday.
The festival was held at Umden Village Square in the presence of the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong as the chief guest and the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem. as a symbol of the conference.
Superintendent of Police, Hojai, said that HUM had planned to blow up a bomb at the railway station in Lumding in the district.
However, fortunately we still have leaders who are against this proposal and God has not allowed anything unfortunate to happen to the Khasi Pnar people,” said Dhar.
“Not only that, but so far, there are 40.50 members who join every day,” said Kharshiing, speaking from their office at Quallapatty, Chapel Road, Shillong.
Although Mukul Sangma has admitted that the Congress will win many seats in Garo Hills, according to the Congress officials, it could decline well and many seats cannot be won by independent candidates. Jowai, March 16: The smuggling of coal from Jaintia Hills to Beltola or Panch Gram has been revealed after the arrest of the NPP. Ribhoi Police have arrested 22 trucks after two small vehicles collided with a coal truck at Rattacherra on Friday night.
They were thinking that Laisenia would advise them to leave their farms in peace, but he replied before them, “If the Fijians drive you out, they will have to drive you out first. I.
“Shillong has been selected as the 100th city in the country to implement this project in 2018,” said Hamletson.
Hearing of the problem, which was expressed by the village leaders and the people of the area, these MLAs through the speech of Bah Lambor Malngiang, expressed their deep sorrow over the problem of the people on the border. He suggested to the State Government that from now on, it should think of a way to protect their land by encouraging the residents of the border areas to get a Register without you don't need anything.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08 : Despite the many disappointments and darkness that has covered the minds of parents, teachers and school children who have been affected by the outbreak of the coronavirus COVID-19 in the past years, but parents, teachers and students have gained hope again this year after the education system has gone smoothly and they have been able to I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
There are also those who have won various Beat Contests.
Why doesn't Bah Ardent support the NPP which leads the Government where James Sangma is the Minister of Electricity and Power? to the Company, it reminds us of the Syrian Aesop who asked the goat who drank water from the bottom of the stream, why did the goat drink the water from above? Ardent, but what we need to know is that we in the UDP have already discussed in the past few days when it appeared in the news and social media, on this issue and we have appointed a committee. to talk and to request all the documents relating to this matter from the Government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Process said that the Congress will win the election from Ranikor and the reason is that the Congress still has many members of the party who have won four times. Martin M Danggo who is still with the party.
However, it has caused a lot of damage to this trader who used to earn a living by setting up a shop in the market.
“From the first meeting we have made it clear that we will have a blueprint proposal, which can be accepted by both groups, because at present it is not easy to get the land,” he said.
The Hindu Rashtra Party has announced to abolish the voting rights of the minorities, and there will be only one Central Election Commission, no more in the states.
So far, Hamas has fired 1,800 rockets at Israel.
The report also said that there are 97 PWDs per year who are able to set up their own businesses.
If the Synod bans the church leaders from protesting against the Aadhar Act, how will it treat the church members who are against the Aadhar number? There are many who have Aadhar or those who don't have Aadhar and if there are many who don't have Aadhar, it shows that they are on the side of these two Pastors.
The Prime Minister, along with the Advocate General, also met with government officials of the Coal Department, including the Additional Secretary and Joint Secretary, Coal Department.
“Now the expenditure is Rs 803 crore.
“We have sent him for examination and he has no illness and he has not asked for anything and we will give him the prison uniform on Thursday,” he said.
“The investigation is also going smoothly as we have been informed and the police have proceeded with the collection of evidence related to the loss of two lives,” she added. .
However, their expectations did not come true. Even after two months, the Chairperson has not resigned from the post. The Lat, which was held on the 30th of July, is the chairman of the dorbar.
There are currently only about 35,000 acres of rice cultivation in Assam, and in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills districts, rice cultivation is still very low.
This time of grace is nearing its end.
In the fourth month of June in Jashpur district, members of the Rshtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the BJP branch, are preparing 40 types of meetings.
“The government should have set up a Police Out Post in Barato to curb the crimes and violence of Assam in this village which is on the border with the state. Assam Meghalaya.
When asked how many more candidates the AITC intends to contest and how many have already received candidates, Charles said, “We want to contest from all constituencies and as of now we have received about 45 candidates. candidate".
Bah Ardent said that there were people who wanted to use the name of his beloved Hoping (HS Lyngdoh) to mislead the people.
Thomas said that according to Conrad's speech in Tura, it is clear that the task of the Expert Committee is only to examine/study whether it is feasible/safe to revisit/review the SRP and not to review.
This is nothing more or less than the past.
Christians and non-Christians alike are invited to come forward and contest for the post of MLA, MP, MDC with the aim of serving the people with the right and not to take advantage of themselves to accumulate wealth. by unfair means to lead to the death of oneself or one's relatives to the death of the wealth and the death of the dead.
He said that no department should appoint any MLA from any party because the responsibility belongs to the MDA government.
Four ministers, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, Bah Samlin Malngiang, were absent from the Cabinet meeting. Minister of PHE and Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs.
At present, Bah Torak has been involved with the team of athletes who are in the middle of preparing to compete in the tournament. 14th and ends on the 23rd of this month.
There will also be games organized by NYKS and SAI in the state, to encourage their members to participate and also for the public.
Nongkhroh FC didn't score in the center and after a while Odren Suting equalized the goal through a passing game.
Along with him, another youth was killed when a government bullet shot through his house and stabbed him.
GHSMC President Augustine Marak said the committee wants these two districts of Assam to be included in Garoland as the majority of the residents are Garo.
And this is not a Jewish temple but a Muslim temple and this Muslim temple has been named Al Haram al-Sharif and Al-Aqsa Compound.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
Speaking to media at the headquarters of the HNYF in Mawlai, Bah Steve Raymond Khyriem, Secretary of the HNYF, said that the statement of the woman that the place is not the place of the Hima Mylliem but belongs to the Municipal is something that is not right.
On this occasion, there was also the launch of the Meghalaya Youth Survey 2022 Study by WAM Booth, Director, Sports & Youth Affairs Department.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 04: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) of the Zonal Committee of Mawkyrwat Block today decided not to contest its own candidate but to support other parties and the decision. they have already taken with the common consent of all its supporters.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Paul said that from now on, those who apply for Schedule Tribe should first get the Tribe Certificate from the District Council before applying for the Schedule Tribe Certificate from the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Suting said that many parties especially the Congress have threatened by alleging that the BJP is a Hindu party to convert, ban beef and the presence of the RSS. religious shit.
“We need to have peace whether in Assam or Meghalaya and we will discuss this with the Union Home Minister tomorrow so that the Union Government will take action to bring peace between the two countries. and the state,” said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
After completion of the investigation, a charge was filed against Lucky Dhar under Section 7/8/18 of the POCSO Act for involvement in raping a child.
After the post mortem, the body of the IFS officer was taken to his residence near Lady Keane College for a funeral before being taken to Manipur.
It is learned that while these collectors were picking up the garbage, they were shocked when they found the body of a newborn baby inside the vehicle.
The total number of returnees so far is 37,4
KHLIEHRIAT: The Wah Lukha Association, Umkiang Village Council, Pyrtakuna Village Council, KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit and United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) have been summoned to appear before the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills District. Star Cement has held a public hearing for the mining of Brishyrnot coal on an area of ​​42.051 hectares.
Twenty-one districts in Rajasthan, 18 in Madhya Pradesh, two in Gujarat and one in Punjab have set up measures to combat these pests, the Ministry of Agriculture said. to eradicate these pests in 47,308 farmland of these four states.
Markasa: Many people think that guitar makers are only from England because it is a foreign instrument but no, it is not so.
Have you ever heard him speak in the synagogue? It is better to come to the Ingdorbar and not say anything than to stay at home.
Rangdajied FC have improved 4 points after winning 10 times in the last match and will return to the tournament on the 19th against Jeppiaar Institute of Technology FC in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. by 9 am.
Ma Bareh said that the school is a private Aided SSA Scheme school.
In the men's 50 m breaststroke, Ningombam Jeson Meitei (00:31.75) from Manipur won the title followed by Moiranthem Thouba Meitei (00:32.26). Manipur and Assam's Mriganga Gogoi (00:32.51) came third.
Also present on the occasion were M. Lyngdoh Joint Director, Nursing as Chief Guest, B. Thabah Deputy Director as Symbud Chief Guest and others.
The dorbar ku was very successful in which all the office bearers and members of the Executive Committee including the elders, longkmie and guests of honor were present.
The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Ordinance, 2019 is against clause (e) of Article 19 of the Constitution of India, but because it was created for the protection of us Scheduled Tribes. In Meghalaya, it is too stupid for the Governor of Meghalaya to delay the signing of this Ordinance.
The theme of the marathon is 'Run for Zero Hunger' and the marathon was conducted by a group of students of IIT Guwahati as part of the celebration of the annual techno management fest.
U Bah Nolan Syngai, who died after eating a wild tit, was taken to CHC Sohra this morning but only slightly. Four others (including his children) were taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong this morning.
The good Samaritan had been helping to feed the tax collector and it happened as he was approaching him –he asked but the conversation was different because it had a mental impact The Garo youth but somehow he remembered a phone number of his family members and it was there in November 2016 that he was able to talk to his family members.
In Group B, Amwi Jarain Secondary School won the first prize, Syndai Upper Primary School won the third prize and Trangblang Govt.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony were Chairman of Nongkrem Trust Committee Bah Medistar Warbah, General Secretary Bah A Dkhar, Chairman Bah B Lyngdoh, BDO Mawryngkneng Bah AS Mukhim and others.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28 : The Open To All Knockout Football Tournament, 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
According to a source from Nongstoin Police Station, the incident happened on the night of the 27th of this month when the mother of the child had left her child in the hospital. The house of my sister, because she had to leave but on the same night the husband of the sister of the mother of the child committed the crime at his house which is located in the house of the mother. in Headquarters.
Marbisu CC scored 108 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 20 overs. Fervent Rymbai scored 25 runs from 35 balls and Ernestin Kyntiewbor Swer scored the only goal. 3 wickets for 23 runs in 4 overs.
All the seven persons were arrested from Pdeinshakap Village while they were on their way to Jowai.
Furthermore, this meeting was to express their dissatisfaction with the actions of the authorities in which the perpetrators escape the punishment of the law and there is no trial and punishment for the perpetrators.
More than 500 school children have come to see the BSF weapons. On this day, the school children were very happy to see with their own eyes the weapons and to talk and learn. Alphonous Khonglah General Secretary of the Village Council was the chief guest at the distribution of weapons to the school children.
In the midst of this, one day, about three/four youths who did not claim to be leaders of a newly formed organization called 'United Balat Border Area' appeared at the Police Station. Youth Organization' (UBBAYO).
He recalled that the National Herald case was reopened even after the former Enforcement Director, Shri Rajan Kotch found it unfounded.
These medicines were sent from the Central Medical Store of the Director of DHS. The Joint Director of Shillong Civil Hospital, Shillong Civil Hospital, is still a newly appointed director after the old one has been dismissed.
Dr Donkupar said the UDP Sub Committee will complete the task of announcing the candidates in other unannounced constituencies in the coming days.
However, these were not followed up and the works were stopped.
“We don't want to predict what will happen as Bah Lapang said, but we will just watch what will happen in the elections,” said David Kharsati. and the people shall know it.
He said that Myntri Rangbah Duh and other government ministers are busy with the state government elections which has affected the rule of law in the country.
The age in which we live is the last days because knowledge has increased so much that even foolish people have become wise.
He said that the tear gas fire at the shop was intended to injure, not to disperse the protesters.
Meghalaya has started to develop in terms of self-employment and employment generation, under the guidance and assistance of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, by launching many schemes related to you can't do it yourself.
These Acts also set the rules for the introduction of new innovations in technology that may emerge in the next 50 years as we have already included them in the interpretation of the Act.
Three persons have been arrested in connection with the robbery of students who went to visit a tourist attraction in East Khasi Hills, about eight months ago.
Speaking at the 56th National Teachers Day, held today at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong, Marak said that there are teachers who say that this is the age of science and computers. but how many teachers are qualified to teach the Smart Class, the science.
The Kmai Raij also carried their own diengkhlam along with the sound of bombs, ud, bhuri and chew chew.
Meanwhile, St. Anthony's, which will play the final against Shillong College at 10 pm, beat Seng Khasi College 3-1 in the final semi-final of the tournament.
Many times, when they have completed their studies, they say that they don't want to shake hands or hold hands anymore, because they have become babu ki sahep.
“For the Prime Minister, the curfew is better than the killing and kidnapping,” said the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem and Richard Patwet took two wickets each.
In a statement, the JSM strongly condemned the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for allowing the Karbi to own land in Khanduli. .
That's why I've decided to take my right hand and my right hand to contribute through this article despite many shortcomings but I request you dear readers don't throw them away. my weakness.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya girls struggled to score again through Ïarap Nongrum from Sunalinda Ïawren.
Similarly, other jobs have their own value in terms of income and it is up to those who work to upgrade themselves to skilled workers.
Shillong, July 05: The struggle of the Congress MLAs to remove Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister is still going on although they are not sure whether they will be able to achieve their goal.
According to him, the Government has no choice but to ensure that the relocation will happen as soon as possible considering that this area is not healthy and safe for the residents who live in this area at present. .
According to sources, two children were inside the house at the time of the fire, but thanks to the courage of Jenestar Thongni, son of Lestina Thongi, he was killed. He saw the fire while returning from school and ran to help the two children.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi regarding the shortage of alcohol in the state.
“The first of four songs in the Melody x Hip Hop music collaboration will be released on various platforms, as part of the Royal Stag Boombox's unique, phygital format.
