This school was completed through June Shylla (14).
This seizure follows the seizure of T.21 crore last month.
Paradoh parasnam, the 4th of June is a very special day in the history of our nation.
The Dorbar Shnong congratulated and wished Kong Blah a healthy body and to continue to serve the people.
However, what has disappointed the BJP is that the four MLAs who were supposed to sit with Modi in the meeting did not come at all.
This is according to the voter list released on July 5,
In a statement released on Tuesday, the rebel group recalled the incident that happened at Ambang Jambal village, North Garo Hills where it killed Bret ynath Momin.
After being admitted to the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat, the seriously injured were shifted to Shillong for further treatment and the body of the deceased was placed at the morgue of the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
If he goes elsewhere, perhaps, as it turns out, the schools differ in the date of the examination and the weekly schools or other things,” he explained.
When inquiring about who will fill the two EM seats, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, sources said that the name of Bah Pyniaid S Syiem is the first to fill the post, while the other has been named. KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit has lost one of its EM seats due to the resignation of Sawkmie from the party.
They said that Ardent has never been expelled from the party since he became President of the party except for the expulsion of Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC from Sohryngkham constituency.
The Red Horse is an intense battle.
When the Government has decided, the High Court cannot hear if anyone feels that the decision is not appropriate.
The storm was reported to have destroyed 20 houses and crops.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday, has enforced Section 144 CrPC against all persons or groups, not to dig around the areas under the jurisdiction of in Ri Bhoi District.
Up to T.6000 per annum is transferred to the bank accounts of farmers through direct benefit transfer.
The Deputy Commissioner of Higher and Technical Education, Meghalaya, Shillong has announced that the office of the Director of Higher and Technical Education, Meghalaya, Shillong is inviting applications for the post of
During the visits, the CFs also taught the people about the need to stay away from each other and also used the SHGs and PGSs to make masks which were distributed to the people.
Well you guys reading this article of mine might just be wondering if it would be true or not.
Nongsiang said the Kiang Nangbah Government Jowai is on the property of the MLA who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo but why doesn't he take action on the problems of the college.
We need political parties but not until we have to watch and listen.
We understand that this man had many responsibilities in his family, and his death has caused a lot of trouble to those loved ones whom he used to love.
They also called for the cooperation of the local traders to stop these foreigners.
According to a statement sent by Samla D.Sunn President of WKSU, the WKSU has received information that the Biology teacher who has been appointed by the government since the 13th of this month. On the 1st of November, he came to take over the teaching.
HANM has announced that the march will start from the Tirot Mairang Mission to the grave of Bah Ardent.
However, although the HSPDP has allowed him the freedom to speak, it is understood that he is reluctant to speak against his fellow MDCs especially the UDP MDCs. “The issues he will speak on as a private person depends on his mentality,” said the HSPDP leader. It may be recalled that one of the rules set by the UDP is that Ardent should not offend the MDCs of the UDP. Shillong, Nailur 17: The protest against Dr Mukul Sangma as CEM and UDP MDCs has emerged between him as CEM and UDP MDCs. The leader of the Congress MLAs, has disappeared and according to reports, those who are protesting now are angry because most of the MLAs, most of them support Mukul Sangma.
Ezekiel's prophecy was fulfilled when Jesus entered Jerusalem through the Golden Gate in 32 AD. How was Zechariah told? “Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion: be glad, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee; he is righteous, and saved, and meek, and sitting upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass. of the card is not.
Also present were the sirdars and elders of Mawmluh and Saitsohpen villages, relatives of the author, fellow teachers from Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra and close friends of the author.
Clashes and clashes between drug traffickers are frequent in parts of the south of Marseille but rarely in North Normandy where Evreux is located.
Such an incident happened in the past few days, when there was a flight of fire balloons in the sky of Cuba and this is a balloon, which is triangular and has a The balloon is also flying around the sky in Cerro, Havana.
Fear not, stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord.
That will be until May and he can stay in Shillong for a month as he is more free and has more time.
For example, only for the mystery work when carrying out any of the higher jobs, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties in finding young people who are skilled to work even in these jobs. also because of the lack of tools.
We look forward to the Cabinet in the coming days, we will get a reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government.
Dondi said that one of these machines is the one that burns the garbage from various hospitals; This machine has not yet been implemented and the drivers of vehicles carrying waste from hospitals have to carry it themselves and have to burn this waste by filling it with diesel.
He said that this time it has opened the way and it is God's guidance for him to fulfill his dream.
Ayesha said that her husband's behavior was so bad that her family knew about it and she couldn't help but act strongly. , Rajendra Malviya and Dheeraj.
He said that through public awareness, people should understand not to have sexual intercourse because AIDS spreads from this sexual intercourse.
On Saturday, police arrested all seven children and registered a case under Section 376 (g) IPC and POCSO Act.
This comes after the state received the Geographical Indication (GI) for the Meghalaya Khasi Mandarin and Pineapple in the Gulf Market.
The quota for PHHs is 5 kilos per head free of charge in urban and rural areas.
Others who died in the incident were Rishanlang Swer, a B.Sc student, and his brother-in-law, Chanbistar Kharkongngor, a mechanic at Rymbai Road.
“The main thing they said was that the central government should ban the export of beef,” the newspaper said.
According to the JAC leaders, including Bah Cyril Maring, General Secretary, the bus saw was sent to the area to carry only children. school, but in their observation it was found that the bus was misused because it did not fulfill its duties.
The union also urged the people of the area to cooperate with the union for the benefit and welfare of the area as a whole and the union also reminded the sellers and buyers The price of syiar is T.240 per kilo.
She expressed her gratitude to the MLA who has been willing to help her within these few months.
On Tuesday, 26th November, there was a stone throwing and shooting between the Pnars from Lapangap and the Karbi in the area.
The market is big but there is little product to sell in the market.
I want the relevant government to do something about this so that the poor can also benefit.
Jesus left the Jews and Israel and turned to the Gentiles for more than 2,000 years.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday imposed a curfew to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the district after the number of cases of COVID-19 has increased and could spread to other villages.
She also congratulated the 30 youths who will be trained in the Home Health Aide Skill Training through MCSWA for their efforts in the training, saying that the care of patients at home “It is a great job and it is also a way to help those families who are suffering from the lack of caregivers,” she said. The treatment of patients at home, but through the presence of such a training center in Jowai will be a blessing to many.
“We have met with the minister, where we have handed over a letter handed over to KJ Alphonse since last year, who has promised to give T. 64 crore from the Swadesh Darshan Scheme for the construction of multipurpose halls,” he said.
“Even in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, I have not hesitated to come up with ways and means to do things for the benefit of the residents of the area,” he said.
How sad it is to see these areas which have been taken advantage of by the leaders. Even to go to these places, it is difficult because the roads are not enough. The road itself is the budlum of all development works.
The meeting also elected the office bearers of the Executive Committee for the year 2023 to
The Additional Solicitor General, who represented the State Government, told the Court that the State Government had already sought clarification from the Meghalaya Government in December 2018 but the Meghalaya Government has not yet responded.
She said that since she left the Congress party, she has not been with any party until the day she joined the BJP two months ago. The Mahila Morcha was beginning to strengthen and produce more women's groups, and on 14 November she was appointed General Secretary.
Sarma said there are 27 cases in Assam and 34 have been discharged.
The party also encouraged the youth to follow the example of Meiieid Spelity Lyngdoh Langrin to stand on a firm foundation so that the party can win the struggles for the country and the nation. The Seng also encouraged the relatives and children of Meiieid Spelity to follow in her footsteps by standing on a firm foundation to oppose the plans of the Government of India. Uranium is still being mined.
He said that in order to shape the future of our children, it is up to us parents and at this time if we make a mistake in electing leaders, it is useless to go back.
The High Court has fixed a date for two months to hear the case.
No injuries or violence were reported in the incident, except for the robbery of money.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 9: The District authorities of West Khasi Hills District on Saturday raided one of the illegal coal mining factories in Shallang.
One of the reasons why the second son ran away from home was because of the brother.
You will have up to 14 days to investigate.
The implementation of this Act will protect the robbers and robbers from getting shelter in the state and will enforce the law to prevent illegal entry and illegal workers. who can enter and stay in different villages.
In the past 24 hours, 17,296 new cases have been reported and 407 deaths have been reported.
Meanwhile, Eva Thabah and Badonnam Pyrbot taught how to find opportunities after completing their studies at various levels.
Hamlet Dohling said that the shops in front of the new complex will be discussed with the land owners for the purpose of demolishing them to give them space to set up shops before beautifying the shops. the entire Polo Market.
The raid came after police conducted an investigation into the incidents of phone theft in November last year.
“At this point, it’s not for me to comment.
According to the schedule, the quarter finals will be held on the 13th between Mawlai, Umphyrnai against Kynton U Mon, Sohryngkham against Mylliem Grassroot and Mawreng. the Sacred Heart.
With this increase in the tax on these fuels, the Government has received additional revenue of Rs 2,25,000 crore per annum.
Expressing hope that the factory will resume operations, he said the union has informed the Prime Minister about the VRS and the Golden Handshake scheme.
", concluded the statement by Bah Ryngkhlem.
So far, there are 29 cases of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District, 15 cases in Ribhoi District, 3 cases in West Garo Hills District and 3 cases in South West Garo Hills District. There are 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
"On this occasion of the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, Bah Marngar recalled the contribution of Myllung Soso Tham. and they are still preaching until now.
This will affect the environment and also the species not only of us humans but also of wildlife, flowers and many plants.
He said the policy also stipulates that every school should have trained Physical Education Teachers and Coaches.
The Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa was the chief guest at the function held at the East Side Inn, Jalyiah.
In the U-11 category, Titan Otters beat Lajong 2-3 while in the U-12 category, Lajong beat Lajong 7-0
This is also an insult to the Khasi people and even the Prime Minister is involved in this,” said Bah Egenstar.
He urged the health department to work harder to conduct training and public awareness campaigns to explain the benefits of vaccination.
These orders were issued by the DC because these illegally operating factories cannot use coal from the district to encourage illegal coal mining in the district.
The group congratulates St. Paul Secondary School Mawlasnai and Dawanki Farm Mawlasnai.
These crops have been carefully selected so that the farmers can cultivate bujli with these crops to save their livelihood.
“Shisha Lydia, I don't know if you have a special friend...” asked Hep. “Why did you ask that, Hep?
If possible, please contact me on my phone No.94361-0
In the incident, the Chowkidar said that the tyndong buiam in the shetja was destroyed.
The Samaritan was identified as Ricky Pyrtuh of Sohmynting.
Shillong: The number of COVID-19 cases in the state has risen to 82 today as of 4:00 pm.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi has said that the central and state governments should not allow the mining of coal in the state if it cannot be brought about by scientific means. now.
Social welfare: All support is provided through the Department of Social Welfare.
And if the sword break out, shall Israel be destroyed? Yes, at that time in the wrath of God, God will destroy Israel and the kingdoms of the earth will be amazed.
Jowai, Nailar 14: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Wahiajer-Ummulong Area has honored the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the year
Prijinni Ch Marak, wife of David Maxeneir T Sangma, who was one of the victims of the recent massacre in Garo Hills, has decided to lodge a complaint and demand severe punishment for those involved. forgiveness, according to the rules of law.
Scooter sales increased by 7% from 51,010 units in 2014 to 54,426 units in July 2015, while motorcycle sales increased by 8% from 84,660 units in July 2014 to 91,314 units in July .
To enhance the tableau march from Madan Iew Rynghep to Madan Weiking, the Seng Khasi Nongthymmai-Madanrting Pyllun has displayed the Khyndai Umdih Khyndai Umtong of Lum Shyllong to witness that they still exist. and still exists today.
“As of today, there are three MDCs who have joined us in the NPP, but this may increase,” he said. Replying to a question, Bah Pynïaid said that the joining of these MDCs is because they see the working methods of the current EC. “It has been arranged that the welcome ceremony for these MDCs from these parties who have joined the NPP will be held after the end of the Mangtyngka Session of the Legislative Assembly,” he said. u Mr. Pyneid.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: Tomonpo Anglong, one of the villages near Nongpoh, which still needs a lot of development works, has opened a dorbar hall for the village. village meetings and meetings built under the MGNREGA and SRWP schemes at a cost of 5.56 lakh tyngka.
I love sport from the bottom of my heart and I will improve the department as a whole,” said Bah Banteidor.
Therefore, when the KSU leaders found out that the teacher had made a mistake, the KSU urged the school authorities to take responsibility for getting the results of these 9 students. within these few days, so that it will not affect the future of these children, who have been shocked by the mistake of this teacher.
In another development, the FKJGP strongly opposes the tender announcement of UCIL and urged the KHADC not to issue any NOC for the construction of the road.
Ambrous Syngkli scored four goals in the 51st, 63rd, 78th and 81st minutes.
Half an hour later, Mawpat FC turned the score around through Derrick Mawrie in the 36th minute.
There are 60 constituencies in Meghalaya and to form a single government, 31 MLAs are needed. The elections were held today for only 59 constituencies as Sohiong was not held due to the death of The ECI has not yet announced the date for the election in this constituency.
On receiving the information, the police immediately rushed to the scene with the bomb disposal police and after reaching the scene, they found a song and a sign “ There is a bomb inside, don't touch the wires” and after opening the song, they found that there was no bomb at all but only a syrngiew by the robbers.
The two children are said to be studying in class
The operation of the Hydraulic Ram Pump has surprised many people as it can produce about 27 liters of water per minute from a depth of 230 feet without any natural forces. use electricity either way.
In the U-15 category, Bara FC beat Pyndenumbri SC 6-0 in the U-15 category on Tuesday (21/10/19) against Nongspung AYCSA. I'm going to Tyrsad Umkseh at 3 pm.
The Nongkhlaw-Dongki Ingding road, which used to be known as the lawbah lawsan, has now turned into sanium, but the government cannot be blamed because it is not a government forest.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 30: The Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ri Bhoi District. Raid Marwet to seek the recognition and blessings of the committee to be able to provide services for the good and to protect the boundary within the Raid Marwet.
Bah Suting recalled that in 1969, the Government as a sign of respect and honor to Rev.JJM Nichols Roy had given a ground to honor his name on Plot No.1 opposite. and the Govt.
The path of the Earth's orbit around the Sun is between Venus and Mars.
Not greedy of filthy lucre; not greedy of filthy lucre; who are zealous according to their ability for every good work; who give good for evil, blessing for curse, love for hate"“18.
In the second leg, Assam Rifles Public School beat Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School 4-0, with the four goals scored by Medonbanshan Kurkalang (20), Thoudam Arjun Singh ( 49), Dhandeep Chetia (54) and Savio Surin (60+4).
The meeting of former MLAs under the banner of the Meghalaya Forum of Former MLAs took this decision at a meeting held in Shillong today.
From what is happening these days, we see that this issue has been brought to nationalism (although it is not so) and this reason is because our friends from the Punjab government, They have argued and argued too much on this subject, in which they don't seem to agree with any of the opinions of the State Government, but they just want Meghalaya to accept what the metor drivers want, through the brain that came from all over the Punjab.
Manish Prasad (4 overs: tied for 39 runs: 3 wickets) and Roshan Singh (4 overs: tied for 25 runs: 2 wickets).
Families should also take responsibility in teaching their children whether they are male or female to avoid such evil deeds.
On the following day, November 11, Crux 04 (Jowai), Imperial Tribe (Shillong) and DJ Vikash Kaser (Mumbai) will perform.
They thought that that year would be a year of remembrance for all the households.
He said that he will follow up on the report of Bah FS Cajee so that he can achieve the tasks and objectives that Bah Cajee has set to transform the Mawlai Constituency as a whole.
In addition, any individual, group, organization and others who wish to hold fish hunting competitions must complete the application forms along with the necessary documents to verify their requests.
Speaking to reporters, one of the women sitting on the ground said, “In these three months we have not been able to earn a living, we have been living only on food and milk to earn a living.
Opponents said that Meghalaya is not only a state with Christians, but also a state with other religions.
Twenty-five participants from all over the country attended the C-Level NRAI Judges Course for the first time.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has directed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to lodge a complaint against 41 people who went to take part in a wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort Assam.
They called on all the people to join hands in bringing peace and understanding not only in the region but in the world.
The Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, said that a review meeting will be held tomorrow on Monday on the shortage of admission students for Class XI to resolve this problem.
The release of this E-Epic on this day is also the central theme of the celebration of National Voters's Day and the purpose of the release of this E-Epic is to empower, to protect, to have peace and to achieve to the knowledge of knowledge.
However, as you take medicine, the disease spreads to the whole body.
Furthermore, after seeing that the NHAI and the state government have not done anything about the deterioration of the road, the union has decided to take another step after the end of the road closure on that day. All the residents of the District and neighboring states are invited to stop travelling, earning, vehicles, small and large from the evening of that day. date from 07:00pm to 05:00pm and this will continue for 1 month in the evening only.
During his visit to Shillong recently, Lotha criticized the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma for the mismanagement of the Congress government in the state and the corruption.
I appeal to the parties not to take part in any village riots,” he added.
Such swords and ryntieh used to be made and obtained only from Manipur but now the players or shooters can also obtain them from Meghalaya through the skills of the members of this club from Wahkhen.
Let us now see what this Oil Palm is and how it became an agricultural product in India. This tree belongs to the scientifically known Elaeis guineensis tree, which belongs to the same genus as the kwai tree.
Therefore, it cannot be said that many voters are involved in the benefits.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 06: Leaders of the Umsohphria Youth Association (KSU), FKJGP and RBYF Western Zone on Tuesday night seized hundreds of liters of pyrsi. Umsophria area in Ri Bhoi.
The JAC, which met on 2nd and 4th June, has thought carefully on the matter and unanimously decided not to take part in the meeting until an explanation is received from the JAC. Government on the relationship between the Government and the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs and the current working methods of the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NNC) has announced its candidates for the 2018 MLA elections. They include Saleng A. Sangma from 56-Gambegre Constituency (ST), Dorendro M. Sangma from 57-Dalu Constituency, Priyam Ch.
The match between the two teams ended without any goal.
This Dur-im has an interesting story along with skilled tyngshops and purons.
Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
“We are still waiting for a complaint from the public or the BSF regarding this incident,” said Prestone.
“The arrival of government four buses has affected our income badly, as most of us commercial vehicle drivers have our own lines where people used to come to ride from them. “But since there are four buses, the people don't come to our parking lots and we have to wait for people all day long,” said one of the drivers of Langpih.
“Therefore, we have directed the Urban Development Department to bring forward a blueprint which clearly shows that not only one site but two or three sites for this purpose,” said Prestone.
He said that the Union of Rangbah Shnong Kynshi Area has demanded that the company or the PWD department should be blamed for the construction of the road. They should come and inspect the road and if they cannot do anything, the union will not sit idly by but will take strong action.
The main reason for the pollution of these rivers is the lack of responsibility of the people including the villagers to outsiders to avoid dumping garbage in these rivers.
:The Khasi song, “I don't doubt”, composed by Sienbha Rymbai and Rockyland Laloo, was released on the 14th of June.
This is what the Government wants to create opportunities for the youth, to look after the welfare of the society, to make Meghalaya equal to the country and and to work with every Meghalayan,” he added.
Shillong: Tynrai beat United 53-12 points in the women's basketball tournament hosted by Tyllilang on Thursday.
Regarding the Local Taxis operating outside Shillong, the RTI has shown that there are 45 permits, the RTA does not allow these vehicles operating outside Shillong to operate inside Shillong unless they come. people from other places.
In connection with the incident, police have also seized a Maruti Car (ML-04B-4147) used by the four.
“We are also shocked to find that in the Meghalaya Tourism department, the employees do not have Labor License, even if the government violates the law, what can we expect? from private companies too" he said.
One child was killed when a handmade house collapsed in Bokaro district, while two other girls aged 9 and 12 years old drowned. A man has drowned in a pond at Mayapur village in Palamu district, police told reporters.
An investigating officer has been appointed and 43 witnesses have been identified in connection with the case and related documents.
The land was allocated by the Dorbar Raid of the Hima Mylliem, three by the Seng Khasi Mylliem, which is the Raid land at the Mylliem Rim Market.
The Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad (KSSP) said the examination was aimed at introducing superstitions about cows and introducing the BJP's views on higher education. education.
Donaldo Dkhar scored the first goal in the 15th minute.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi today raided several foreign workers in Jirang, Ri Bhoi District. During the raid, they were able to deport several foreigners who worked in the area and who could not produce proper documents. .
The KVK East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya has celebrated the World Environment Day 2023 on 5th July under the theme “Ways to reduce environmental pollution”. the use of plastic" at KVK East Khasi Hills, Upper Shillong.
“This Revolution will strengthen the campaign for Clean Politics because there are those who misunderstand politics to throw water and mislead the people,” said Ardent. Politics is a pure power that stands for the people and not for the rulers.
It is time for the government to find a place to file nominations in stadiums or any places farther away from the cities, as it has really affected the movement of other people who have left the city. that work that duk.
Dated Jowai.
Along with Bah Damien, who contested the MDC election in 2019 from the HSPDP, there were also 136 Nongbud and people who joined the UDP. All of them are from Nongkasen.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, today said that the second meeting to discuss the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya will be held for the 6 The remaining 10 areas will be completed in July or November this year.
Because many of those who come to this area come to drink alcohol, along with the pollution of the places in the village and also various words that affect the dignity of the village which brings also the safety of the people in this area.
This is six months before the opening ceremony of the tournament after the protests of many citizens of the country who have opposed Israel to participate in the tournament.
“If the Lamphang fails, the government will not fail but it will lead to the collapse of the Constitution,” he said. government and that if it loses its majority".
He said that many children especially those from poor families are suffering and their rights are being violated, said the Chief Secretary while speaking at a meeting of the Indian Council on Tuesday. for Child Welfare of North East Zonal Committee will be held at the College of Teacher Education, Shillong.
The English Premier League will meet today to discuss the suspension of matches in the coming days and Saturday's match between Brighton and Arsenal. stop it first.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Meghalaya Foreign Trade Chamber (FTC) today rejected the statement of Fendry Khonglah and D Khonglah demanding the dismissal of Inspector DMR. Dawki.
“In Ri Bhoi District we have witnessed many sports tournaments like football, cricket and others but this basketball tournament Berchem Cup has really attracted talented youth due to the growth of teams from all over the districts. The tournament is one of the ways to protect the youth from being involved in various evils especially from the tournament. “It's a dangerous drug,” said the leaders.
Speaking on the occasion, Moon said, “I cannot do anything because the term is too short and the term of office of MDC will be only two years. ".
Shaikmen Rynjah – Sport Secretary There are 30 members.
The Assistant Information Secretary of FKJGP, Reginald Thabah, said that the shop will be closed until the owner of the shop apologizes to the Christians. .
He said the government will meet soon in the next few days to discuss the issue.
He said that through this section, it will also be part of encouraging and encouraging them in how this area will produce young men and women to showcase their talents. especially here in South West Khasi Hills District and to become sports stars in the state as a whole.
Police have arrested the suspect and he has confessed to carrying four bags of heroin weighing 47 grams.
Shillong, March 25: U Bah Lahbor Khongngai, 40, of Wahlong village, East Khasi Hills District, has been injured in a stroke. -kha after being attacked and tied with a tyrnem by people for no reason.
On the same day, the employees of SBI Nongpoh Branch, under the leadership of PK Pathak as Branch Manager, held a ceremony to honor Angelica Tynsong and Dolyne Kharbhih.
And some departments are not ready to implement the roster, we urge the government to expedite this based on the available information.
Shillong, March 5 : After the Congress has remained silent because its candidate M.Kharkrang has joined the BJP, it has now nominated a second candidate. The BJP MLA election 2018 has been contested by JA Lyngdoh from the North Shillong Constituency.
The signs of the wisdom of our ancestors remain only on the stones and trees covered with nuts in the mountains and forests.
She promised that the government will take all necessary measures to bring peace and stability in the state.
This is your right," he said.
Everyone needs to talk to others, how much more to talk to God in prayer? A person needs to talk or ask for something from his parents, they ask from the heart .
In the 5 years term of the KHADC, 4-5-6 CEMs will be elected. that month.
The Union Health Secretary gave information on the vaccination in the country.
But at the end of the conversation, the army officer said to the Christian thinker, “What you say is true and true, but I and my men have been trained for 70 years. years of believing what is not true, now it is difficult for us to accept what is true, even though we know that it is true.
Ma Konstan Sungoh was also elected as the Advisor of the UDP Raliang Circle.
Hydropower generation – which was in trouble – has been revived with nearly 15 GW under construction. electric vehicles known as EVs and charging from home connections.
These four boys will be ready to compete in the 50M freestyle, breaststroke, butterfly and backstroke events.
Ardent said that perhaps the government will accuse that this is not only for personal gain but for the life and death of the entire nation.
Unsaturated Fat: This type of fat can be found in plants and fish.
The SP of North Garo Hills, Ramesh Singh, has released a photograph of one of the robbers who escaped from the police station, Ali, who was recruited by the GNLA as an informant. the movements and earnings of the wealthy merchants and how to kidnap them.
Whoever has these qualities shows that the divine is the light of humanity: but he who does not have these qualities shows that the divine is separate from his humanity.
If this is the case, the creation of the Laitkroh Constituency is meaningless.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 23: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FDA) Rambrai Circle on Tuesday sent a petition to the Head Indian Post Office Nongstoin to protest against the foreigners' appointment of Rangbah. Rambrai Village Council, to allow these foreigners to enter the vacant posts in the BPOs in the Rambrai Village Council.
“As a party, we know that the UCC is something we cannot accept with the NPP,” Conrad told reporters.
The Miss Nongstoin contest was organized by the A=Apple Society, Nongstoin. This is the second time in the district since 2016 that it was held in Nongkhnum.
“If the government wants to have a relocation, it should give space to everyone, not just elect people from here, it will not happen and in the general meeting that has already been convened, they have agreed to relocate. land, but they should get their demand," he added.
The union expresses its gratitude to the EC led by Bah Ardent and the EM in charge of Trade Bah Latiplang Kharkomhor for using their powers properly to issue trading license to foreigners.
The Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act 1995 has been in force for 40 years as the main law governing broadcasting activities including cable networks.
When asked whether the issue of removing the illegal registration of the HNLC will be brought up, Sadon said it depends on the wisdom of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government. “It is up to the Central and State Governments to decide on this,” he said. “When asked whether the party will demand the forgiveness of all the cases pending against its members, , Bah Sadon said that all these will be revealed when the peace talks begin.
Out of the 42 Lok Sabha seats in Ahdhra Pradesh and 294 Assembly seats, Telangana will get 17 Lok Sabha seats and 119 Assembly seats.
Regarding their visit, Bah PT Sawkmie congratulated and blessed them to achieve the victory to bring fame and glory to the state, as well as to India as a whole.
On the fisheries sector, the Governor said that T.377 crore has been allocated for the Second Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ribhoi District today met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to submit a petition to the Council. Foreign citizens in Ri Bhoi District without proper permits.
Speaking on the power of money, Pala said that money cannot win elections. “Bah Hoping from Nongstoiñ doesn't win elections but he doesn't have money. to show only to show many flags, many sign boards, drunkards on the streets but it cannot win elections without the love of the people,” he said.
And I asked again, what is it like? The children said that she had died.
“It is only an attempt to create chaos and ethnic hatred, especially by pointing out against only one religion,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The attitude of the villagers towards foreigners when they arrive at such places or on the way back to their homes if the language is wrong should not reach the border. but to report to the law enforcement authorities if we have any doubts about such people, so that it does not affect the safety of people from all over the country to visit or come to tourist attractions a beautiful world that will improve the benefits of our citizens.
The old advice of Radhon Singh Berry says: Remember to love each other, don't say Mame, Mapha.
Therefore, if the NPP was looking after the welfare of the people, it would have refused to cooperate with the BJP. “First of all, the welfare of the people is one of the most important issues,” said Bah Shullai.
Jowai: A 27-year-old man has died in hospital after being stabbed in the neck.
In a statement sent by MIPF President T Rynthathiang, the party strongly opposes the government's decision to allow coal trucks from outside the state to enter the state. The state at this time of struggle against the COVID-19 pandemic.
These include West Garo Hills 1, East Khasi Hills 7, North Garo Hills 2, Ri Bhoi 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 3, West Jaintia Hills 3 and East Garo Hills
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Monotoring Cum Implementation Committee, which is responsible for the census and taking of records along with the necessary documents to send the census to the government, has shown the documents. slab a has provided financial assistance to 199 households and committees as recipients of assistance and benefits on various needs amounting to T.18,42,658 tyngka. Sanbor Shullai MLA, who is also the Chairman of the Committee, has received a Discretionary Grant from the State Government of T.3 lakh per annum and has been supplemented with his 11 month salary.
This comes after Diengshynrum SC beat Umlyngsha Youth SSC 5-0 in the fourth quarter final of the tournament at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Thursday.
To ensure that Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit will resign indefinitely, the State Government on Friday set up an Expert Committee to hold a new hearing. The State Reservation Policy.
Heavy rains and floods in Sikkim have damaged many buildings and affected everyday life in the villages along the Teesta River.
“Ram Vilas Paswan is the Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution.
May the Lord bless you for your glory.AMEN.
He said that the Indian Independence Act 1947 has been repealed and all the agreements with the British Government have been abolished. States or Non-Khasi States are not included.
Finally, he urged the government to turn to the people of the area and repair the road, as it is not long and only 10 kilometers long. you have no problem at all.
Phrangki Buam, who also won the Player of the Match award, scored a goal in the 82nd minute while E.H.A.K.Samb scored another goal for Lajong. in the 23rd minute.
I doubt that this can be useful for the farmer in Khasi-Jaintia to do, because it can destroy the seeds.
The ILP The Inner Line Permit (ILP) is a permit or permission for anyone who has been allowed to enter a state where there is an ILP. how many days, where are they going and such questions.
According to the source, this foreigner was stabbed by 30 ksew at Mawprem Lumshyiad this evening.
Shillong, June 19: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday met with the Principal Secretary of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, GHP Raju to complain against the illegal trade in animals. cows and sheep from the border of Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
IIM Shillong has encouraged the youth from the North East to pursue their dreams, trade, and other activities.
Kyrmen Shylla said that 15,80,684 people have been affected and 6 people have lost their lives since the beginning of the floods in Meghalaya.
He said this shows that the Prime Minister loves Meghalaya and will always provide assistance to the state as he has done in the past.
It will be like a contract.
A world that despises and oppresses others.
The President also inaugurated the football tournament of the FKJGP in the presence of the Sordar of Saitsohpen Elaka, the leaders of the Seng from Mawlai, Sohra and Riwar and the leaders of the KSU Sohra.
Replying to a question on the budget in the House, Dr Mukul said, “This year, the government will provide T.5000 to the students who attend classes. Their attendance in classes should not be less than 80 percent or more.
The Rangbah Shnong together with the officials explained to the villagers that according to the ancestors, the name Mawsynram was given because the people who lived above used to go to Bangladesh through Hatmawdon.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has completed 15 days today and has now started to progress.
One of the stars of the state, Torak Kharpran, coach of the Sports Authority of India, is in the city and will take over as coach of the Arunachal Pradesh team.
Dr Patricia Shylla, Medical Officer I/C Jowai Blood Bank said that blood donation is one of the parts of cleansing the body.
Therefore, Kong Ampareen urged all political parties to send their comments in writing within 15 days.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in charge of District Council Affairs, on Tuesday said that the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) are not political parties, where anyone can join any party. .
“The ILP is the issue of the nation and as elected leaders we don't want to remain silent, the nation is better than the seat we sit on,” said Bah Nongsiej.
Senegal opened the scoring in the 11th minute through Liverpool goalkeeper Sadio Mane, while Japan turned the tide in the fourth minute through Inui.
The group of residents led by Bah Staising Kharbteng has decided to help three families who have been affected by the natural disasters in the past few days. 22nd July 2013 to visit the family of Kesphulda Kharmyndai and Nikston Jyrwa at Laitlarem, Nongspung where four of their children have lost their precious lives and one child is still in the hospital. surgery that occurred on July 16, 2022.
He said that until now no one has believed what the people have said.
He said that the news from the meeting highlights China's economic difficulties in these days and the biggest problem is due to the lack of trade. whether domestically or internationally.
Shillong, March 14: The Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya, today inaugurated nine buildings at NEIGRIHMS Hospital Shillong and laid the foundation stone. The five buildings inaugurated by the Union Minister today are the Medical College and Hostel, the Regional Cancer Centre. , Nursing College and Hostel, Module Operation Theatres, Virtual Autopsy Facility and a new guest house.
The Seng also discussed with the MLA the deterioration of the road from Lad Mawphlang to Jowai, as this road has been left empty without any maintenance by the Government. They came and went to War Jaintia.
Dr Donkupar Roy confirmed the office bearers and blessed them to work hard to bring good results for the party not only in East Khasi Hills but in the state as a whole.
Nongpoh: Ibapynhun Eve Syiemlieh, from Quinine village in Ri Bhoi district, has won the Miss Tourism Queen Worldwide contest in the Philippines. She has asked for the support of the people in the state, so that she can win the competition.
On the same day, 16 cases have been confirmed including 7 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from North Garo Hills, 6 cases from West Garo Hills and one case from West Jaintia Hills.
He said that he also plans to reach out to all the villages in the area where there are many farmers.
chish eh ...It's a little surprised.
During the inspection, the union found that many of the workers do not have labor licenses and those who use them have expired, and the union has given two days to the company to provide the necessary documents.
“Is this an attempt to hide the facts or his lack of knowledge of the rules of the RTI Act,” said the President of JYF. “I have been investigated for the misuse of public funds through the Forest Department of JHADC,” said Majaw.
In the activities of the Government, the Religious Leaders shall fall under these Ministers, but in the Religious Leaders, these Ministers shall fall under these Ministers.
He said that if these wells are removed, the impact will be not only on Mawshun, but also on Pomshutia and Lapalang.
“None of the residents came to listen and the way of preparing, conducting and creating the meeting was very discriminatory,” they added.
The election authorities also forgot to delete the ballot papers used in the attempted polling at two polling stations in Sibbari in Baghmara and Hasuragaon in Ampati constituency.
The incident occurred at 7 pm last night, when about 200 armed men attacked the residence of Amit Singh in dozens of vehicles. Addl SP, IW, Moirangthem Amit, MPS, near the residence of Addl SP, IW, Moirangthem Amit, MPS, where they destroyed the belongings of the house and destroyed vehicles and equipment. The robbers also abducted the Addl SP and one of his followers, but later, Amit Singh was rescued by a search operation by the police. .
The winners were awarded prizes by L. Nartiang, Branch Manager, Meghalaya Cooperative Bank Ltd., Patrick Lamare, Vice President, West Jaintia District Sports Association. thousand and 2 thousand rupees.
Those who have received this gold locket are kindly requested to return it by phone on
Prestone was speaking as the chief guest at the 7th Convocation of the Assembly Board of Music Institute held on Saturday at Dinam Hall, Shillong.
Prime Minister Duh's vision for 'One World, One Family, One Future' under India's G20 presidency demonstrates the importance of our common goals relating to reducing emissions and controlling climate change for the future.
Karbi villages like Umkhermi, Moothade, Mookoilum, Tahpat, Mooing, Umpu Umbaso, Umshara Jrikyndeng and others.
The fire was first spotted by the workers of the dam.
“If you don't have a policy on drugs, it's very difficult for the police to investigate this crime.
On 29th November, the state government had informed the High Court that it had approved for the allocation of land for the construction of houses. requested from Them Metor.
He said that the ability to improve and clean up the road has been a great blessing to the people of the area.
Sangeh Noh is the day to light the light, the light to suffer.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs, War Jaintia, Amlarem Sub Division on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, James PK Sangma requesting the State Government not to send them. Police Patrol to protect the residents of the India-Bangladesh border villages of War Jaintia who are worried about the recent attack by a group of robbers from Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, friends of Suraj Prasad Gupta alleged that the doctors of the hospital did not provide emergency treatment to Suraj since he was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital at about 11:3 from 10 am to 3 pm.
This is Priyanshu's third victory in the BWF World Tour Super 300 this year.
During the programme, the officers spoke about various schemes and programs of the GoI, which are currently underway through the relevant departments.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the Government has decided to slightly change the Value Added Tax (VAT) in relation to petrol pumps and wine stores. that the amendment will not affect the common people, as the amendment is that those who owe VAT have to pay it within one month.
“I am saying this on the feelings of my party and the people of the North East,” she said.
These Elaka include Umniuh-Tmar, Nongjri and Tynriang which fall under the Shella Constituency but which fall under the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division.
By 2020, it is estimated that tobacco related cancer will be 3.7 lakh, or 27.1% of all cancers.
A rally was held today led by the Hindu religious leaders supported by the BJP and RSS in Kanakapura town of Ramanagara district in Karnataka. The residents of the area have strongly opposed the proposal to erect a statue of Jesus.
This is just a small sample.
Marcus Marten said that the party is ready to accept that the President of the party will be the ksiang of the HNLC in the peace talks with the government. This is because as an organization that serves the people of the state for the betterment, it also wants to reach the path of peace talks between the Government of Meghalaya, India and the HNLC, so that the state can be free. from violent activities and those that affect the peace and order of the people in the state.
She became the first Indian athlete to win a gold medal at the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea and was supported by the Olympic Gold Quest.
The morning session started at 9:30 am with the laying of wreaths at the statue of Swami Vivekananda by Swami Sukhananda, Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Bhuj, Gujarat, and Dr Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS. Hitakamananda, Secretary,Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong.
He said that the reason for the delay in opening the school and taking classes is because this year there are many new students and in total all the students have been delayed. There are more than 1000 children, therefore it is difficult for the school principals and teachers to start school without enough accommodation for the children.
I see that even the brother-in-law of Bah HDR in 2018 said that Bah HDR is too old and now the brother-in-law (Kongrit) of Bah HDR Lyngdoh has said that he should retire, because I'm not old anymore, but I'm going to thank the people for sitting in honor.
Warning: Rainfall In the past 24 hours, the temperature in Shillong was 18.6 degrees Celsius and 13.5 degrees Celsius, Sohra 20.2 degrees Celsius and 16.2 degrees Celsius and Barapani 20 degrees Celsius. and 15.5 coldest.
Nester Roy Thangkhiew won the best goalkeeper award and the discipline team award went to PFR. worked hard to make this tournament as beautiful and successful as possible.
In this regard, Bah Shakliar said that he as the Minister and in talks with the Prime Minister, it has been decided that these 9 children will now be sent to attend the programme. The government through the sports department will be prepared to cover it completely for three years.
Furthermore, in relation to the Council or the Autonomous District Council (ADC) Jaintia Hills or JHADC, it does not have any authority to conduct or survey these mineral resources as the Council in charge of the mineral resources. However, only one letter was seen from the CFO of the Forest Department of the council directing the Waheh Shnongs to approve the company so that the CFO can approve it.
Manchester City beat Southampton 6-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
She said that one of the struggles to prevent pneumonia is the introduction of Pneumococcal (PCV) vaccine in the state.
In the FIR filed by Nojrul Hussain of Charbatapara, who is believed to be a TMC supporter, he alleged that a rally led by Habibur Zaman of the NPP stopped near his house and Four people were injured when a stone was thrown at his house.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The resolution of two matches of the 2nd DIVISION tournament held at the MFA Ground has come to an end with Mawtawar SC winning while one match was drawn.
If you look at the video, which has been released, you can see that there are hundreds of Dkhars, carrying sticks and we don't know how many of them have been arrested and how many more. who escaped from the scene.
“I have seen that many vehicles are struggling to get a place including mine to move sharud to release the siren vehicle.
However, it was on the day that Bah HDR Lyngdoh joined the UDP that his youngest brother, Bah Synsharlang Thabah, who is also known as the Pope, together with the people came to express their support for the upcoming elections. come together as a family to regain victory.
In the second half, Sela-jong FT opened the scoring through a penalty kick from Habamut Nongrum in the 16th minute, while Rangjadong SC opened the scoring in the 16th minute. Shainborlang Khardewsaw scored the first goal in the 44th minute.
He said it was found that even after two years, the company had spent only T.8.5 lakh out of the T.1.81 crore that had been released.
In our disrespect they have become darkness now.
Reports said that the MCCL has suspended the production of dewbilat due to the burning of coal and has suspended the vehicles carrying cement every day.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lanong said, “There is no government that can say that we are all, we are all knowledgeable, we know all that is available and the most important things. There may be shortcomings here and there, but pointing out such things does not mean that we will run away from the government and we suggest improvements and better improvements".
The District School Education Officer (DSEO) together with the Sub Divisional School Education Officer of Ri Bhoi District today celebrated the Teacher's Day at the Parish Hall Nongpoh.
Guwahati: Three new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to more than
“After I win I will not leave the constituency and if I go anywhere I will come back to stay in the constituency so that the people can meet me at any time,” he said.
However, since the company left, the work in the silimanite mines has stopped, but after many decades the trade in silimanite has resumed and has continued to this day.
The burnt victims include Ma Vincent, Deborah, Gambegre Saleng A Sangma and North Tura candidate Billykid A Sangma.
Urmila did not have much to say to the bank authorities on the misappropriation of money but the most important thing for her is that the banks should ensure that her T.2000 notes do not move. “I don't know how the money came, I'm worried about my T.2000 tyngka because I don't want it to be lost,” said Urmila. There is only T.2000 tyngka.
The death toll includes EKH: 8, WJH: 01 and EJH:
(vi) the wages in Meghalaya are the lowest and many employers do not pay their employees according to the Minimum Wage Act and the Government does not believe in increasing the wages which should be long according to the increase in the prices of mur, food and beverages in the market.
He said the meeting discussed the closure of the internet, the imposition of a curfew which affects the people and the need for cooperation with the village authorities to bring peace and order.
The EC will introduce the Bill in the current session.
Regarding this allegation, reporters today spoke to Bah Ian Onel Swer, SDPO of Sohra to discuss whether these allegations are true or not.
He also said that service is for the people and not for himself.
We will not allow the patients of the state to go for check ups and scanning at private clinics and private hospitals”.
Rangdajied continued to fight hard and pressed towards the end of Langsning's goal and it was through the ball that Chesterpaul Lyngdoh managed to score but Pariyar once again managed to pass the ball which reached the feet of Donboklang. He struck the ball into the net for Rangdajied.
Speaking to media after welcoming these candidates, Bah Metbah said that the party will soon release the The third list will also include three incumbent MLAs from different parties.
In the past 20 and 30 years, getting a driving license was very difficult because the officers in charge of the District Transport Office (DTO) were strict and did not allow anyone to drive. The public shall receive a license if the applicants do not meet the driving rules or do not pass the interview.
First I was told to come in five days to collect the documents.
The cleanliness drive was led by the Headmaster of the school, Widawan Nangleiñ, along with the teachers and students. The village is part of the celebration of World Environment Day on the 5th of July.
In order to conserve, protect and sustainably use the natural resources in the state, the Government has implemented many rules and regulations under the Meghalaya Forest Regulation, The Meghalaya Youth Policy has been approved by the State Government in November
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon K.Blah, on Tuesday said that the demand to make Tura the capital during the rainy season is unacceptable as Meghalaya is a state. small.
Nongpoh, July 27: Thousands of supporters and leaders of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF) today attended the General Meeting of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum (UCPF). Nongthymmai Umsning to take the decision of the people which party they want to contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
This means that if we calculate 30 to 50 tyngka per litre, the price of milk will reach 700 crore to 800 crore tyngka per year,” he added.
Shillong, July 02: Hundreds of residents of Nongrah and surrounding villages, together with the people of Nongrah, have buried the two brothers who were killed. at his Father's House in Nongrah on Tuesday night, June 30,
However, this did not discourage him as he was a hardworking and successful child especially in terms of his studies.
:Krishangee Gauree is the first Indian to win the title of Miss Queen of the World 2023 in the grand finale of Queen of the World 2023 held in New Jersey, USA on October 18, 2023.
To reach true peace and happiness we must walk through a path of love, forgiveness and mutual respect.
It is useless to talk about economic growth through market access if we are still blocking civil infrastructure projects and blocking them just because we don't have the market access. 'fish'.
Then in the evening, they carried placards and started throwing books and threw stones at the seat of the employees of the Lok Sabha Secretariat. rule 374 (A), which allows the Speaker of the House to suspend members and those standing in the middle of the House.
This happened when North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum stood up to ask a supplementary question on a question raised by Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh regarding the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
“For that reason, I will take responsibility for this and we will fight for these needs as much as we can,” said Kyrmen.
Shillong, June 6: The HSPDP will meet the Governor of Meghalaya tomorrow to discuss the issue of Parliamentary Secretaries to the State Government. organization that was this evening.
Paint the reading.
Regarding the prostitutes, Bah Paul said, “We have to take the lead in this issue.
Surprisingly, the games this time, that the homeowners lost.
Shillong: Two political parties from War Jaintia, the KSU and the FKJGP, are preparing to hold a rally tomorrow at Moosakia to support the Darrang Elaka. Government's plan to build hydropower project from Wah Umngot.
Tura, Iaiong 21 : A woman has lodged a complaint at Tura Police Station against the husband of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Sanjay A Sangma, alleging that he has taken advantage of the situation. The Prime Minister has ordered the installation of light saw and siren in his private vehicle.
If the people are clean, it means that the city is clean,” said Bah Ronie.
The chief guests encouraged the club to start such a tournament in the area and also encouraged the players to work hard to reach the goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has given two months to the government to set up a police outpost at Kyrshai near Langpih.
The same program will be held in Jowai on the 6th July at Jowai Civil Hospital and on the 8th July in Shillong.
According to the rules of law, people with mental disabilities also have the right to education, health, right to speech, right to work and others. and the law was given unto them.
When inquired, the Chief Officer of the State said that the State Government has introduced a new Health Benefits which will be implemented only in the next six months. There is no need to worry about the disease.
Those who are eligible for this award are those who have passed these examinations and who have scored 60 percent above the marks.
Umkiang Police Station has registered a case and alleged that the incident occurred due to the driving of the tanker.
She said that she has praised her daughter, Ekratia Khongtiang who is the lead actress in the film and also the entire cast in the film.
They also requested the State Government to look after the welfare and education of the children of the dead and injured.
Latiplang recalled that on 24th November 2011 , many Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities from the city and surrounding areas had sent a letter to the former CEM of KHADC , Bah PN Syiem , to protest against the incident. The laws passed by MUDA without the knowledge and consultation of the Rangbah Shnongs or Dorbar Shnongs.
The Government of Meghalaya has changed from one government to another government which means that one people rules over another.
The suspect has been handed over to the Rongra Out Post Police Station for further investigation.
The 10th Tiger Five Football Tournament organized by the Chilliang Raij Dorbar Shnong started on Saturday.
The leader of Seinraij Jowai, Ma OR Shallam, said that the time has come for us to work together to shape the future of Jowai, especially now that the world is fighting against plastic waste and other non-perishable goods to protect it. environment and to avoid affecting the health of mankind.
This rice was bought with village money.
In an effort to bring more entertainment to Rockski EMG, those who buy tickets to the concert will also be able to take part in the Reality TV Show entitled “Hills on a Plate-Meghalaya " which is the first of 7 episodes.
He said that recently, the MEA has introduced strict rules even to allow such foreign trips including the Chief Minister.
He also asked whether the government doesn't have the funds to build such a big signboard and why we have to rely on private banks if the Civil Hospital Nongpoh runs the market in the North East. Why do the employees of the Civil Hospital have to collect their monthly salary from the State Bank of India?
On Saturday, Um Phrup SS&CC will play against Lawmali Pyllun SC at 1:00 pm and Shillong United FC will play against Smit SC at 4 pm.
He said that their election campaign is not wrong. “It is not that they are stealing or cheating. A person should hold only one job, but let it start from 2019, it's like treating them badly now, they have spent the power of the city, they have spent the time and they have spent the “I don't have enough money to contest the MDC elections,” said Bindo.
A total of 600 health workers took part in the pilot and there were also groups of private individuals, besides government departments.
According to the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner on Friday, commercial vehicles including STPS Buses, SSPTS-Maxi Cabs and Local Taxis will start operating with Odd and Even Numbers. from the 5th of this month.
Kanye says he will create a party called a 'Birthday Party' - because if he wins, it will be everyone's birthday and says one of his closest followers will be one of them. a religious leader, from Wyoming, named Michelle Tidball.
She is also a member of the Australian team which won the 400m Medley Relay.
After the closure, the Seng has also issued a warning to the managers of the factory, that they should not reopen the factory until the factory has re-employed and that the Khasi Longkmie will work again inside the factory.
The media in Shillong under the Information and Broadcasting Department, in collaboration with the Raj Bhavan, will hold a special broadcast of this popular radio programme.
Therefore, she demanded from all the branches of banks in South West Khasi Hills District to be friendly and understanding to the problems of the people by communicating in the mother tongue.
Saveria Mosnier, who lives along La Plaine Road near the scene, said that night she heard an explosion and a loud noise while she was sleeping at the time.
It is not clear whether he will contest or not in the upcoming MDC elections. Most of the time, the new MLA of Mawlai, has visited Bah Marbud Dkhar, President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, whom many people have never seen since before the MDC election until the MLA election. The youth goes up and down as a leader of the party to promote himself by using the name of the party to win elections.
The union would like to express its gratitude and special thanks to the DC (West Jaintia Hills), SDO (Civil) Subdivision Amlarem, SDO (Civil) Subdivision Pynursla who have given permission to the union to run this event smoothly. The meeting of the HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, Dawki was held in a statement.
Secondly, before the MGSPHSVA was formed, the land owners used to fight in groups or individually to protect their right to income.
There are those who don't want to vote because they don't need our MLAs and MDCs.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has not yet spoken to the General Advocate on this issue but the government will sit down to consider the order of the court.
He said that now where is the TMC and where is the BJP because they are their own.
(Prof RS Lyngdoh is the author and founder of the Khasi department at NEHU. Prof. Martin Majaw teaches English at St Anthony's College and Bah Hoover Hynniewta is a prolific public speaker. brain).
Without knowledge and understanding we cannot distinguish between choosing the right and rejecting the wrong.
Many have fallen into such traps especially the jobs of various companies which have turned into hell in our human life on this earth.
We have completed the golden jubilee of the State and now it is an opportunity for Meghalaya to stand up and develop itself through the decision of the people”.
If the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, when he receives information that there are such thefts in the country, why does he listen? Why isn't there a punishment for those who take advantage of such a situation but still allow it to continue? Why don't you pay for your own country instead of bringing us to other states? We residents to get pass from the Government are also suffering, many of them have been rejected, these non-residents have been allowed to enter without anyone complaining to them.
According to Bah Charles, out of the 22 villages in Block-2, only one village has been invaded by the Tiwa.
He said that the incidents of violence have started in the State since the past few days, and shocking news has come out from different parts of the State which has also caused the residents to the State who love peace that they can no longer tolerate.
No casualties were reported and the GNLA members managed to flee the scene, but police recovered personal belongings of Rakkam including a Dairi book, a mobile phone, Sim Card, letter demanding money, GNLA stamp, bullets from the school room.
In the first leg, Iong-i Dahi FC beat Nangbah Khliopano FC 4-1 with the goals scored by Atal Shylla in the first half. Kerot Phawa scored in the 32nd and 66th minutes and Denies Lyngdoh in the 80+1 minutes.
The HYC leaders also strongly criticized the proposal to build a casino, the misuse of Covid-19 funds, the shooting death of Bah Che, the delay in implementing government projects and others.
The team of the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) in East Khasi Hills can be reached 24 x 7 at 6009367750,
“It is impossible for the IO (Inquiry Officer) to stand and wait in court for a fugitive who applies for bail from the court and it is the duty of the authorities to inform the police that he intends to apply for bail so that “The police will take the necessary action against him,” she said.
Due to the closure of the Grid Sub-Station Nongpyndeng, there will be no electricity in Nongstoin from 6 pm to 6 pm tomorrow.
he shall bear the sword.
However, all this depends on the understanding and wisdom of the government how it will do it in collaboration with the District Council and the Hima Mylliem because if the government alone cannot do anything. to remove this sohkyrdot.
If I am not mistaken, it is better than those of Prof. HW Sten and Babu SS Majaw who are prominent critics of Khasi literature.
There is only one or two people who praise the work of an MLA or MLA.
About 50 leading leaders of the NPP, Congress and HSPDP joined the party and promised to work hard to win the election. the election is not coming.
Together with the cooperation of the vaccination department, the cooperation of health teams, and the support of the community, we have been confident that we can make a difference. in the field of health and well-being of children and to make Meghalaya a strong and healthy state.
The language of unity in diversity will also disappear from India as it was understood by the founders of India in the past.
Meghalaya's players are Abhishek Gupta, Nishanta Chakravarty, Manish Sharma, Md Asif Khan, PM Santhosh, Aaron A Nongrum, Badonnam J Mylliemngap, Joydeepan Deb, Sudhir Sahani, Kevin Sanjeev Christopher, Raghav Chamcham Agreas. Sangma, Aryan Borah, Sachin Kumar, Appante Waldora and Sangma.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung and Thadlaskein Unit distributed food items at two places in East and West Jaintia Hills districts last month.
On the 29th, Bah Wailad Shylla, MLA 2-Jowai, was the chief guest. Speaking at the meeting, the MLA from Jowai, congratulated and praised those who organized the event. He also congratulated all the students who came to take part in this festival and urged them to spread the message regarding HIV/AIDS and other diseases especially in Jaintia Hills where HIV/AIDS has increased, at the same time he urged and encouraged the youth to take the employment opportunities by setting up their own businesses to become employers of job seekers.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The AMMPWA has ended its strike after three days in front of the Malaria Office at Lawmali.
On the same day, the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA) in collaboration with Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat celebrated this special day. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat was the chief guest.
Until now, the central government and the union have been able to provide only medical and death benefits but they are facing difficulties due to the large number of domestic workers and the government needs to look into this.
On this 26th July 2022, the beginning of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India.
In this age there are two kinds of people who are violent, one is the group of armed men and the other is the group of those in power.
When the friends and relatives of the girl learned what had happened to the girl, they informed the Umiam Police Station. Umsaw, which led to the release of the girl and police have arrested the Rangbah.
Deepa – 9446121452Dr.Sr.
As a young social scientist and environmental economist, I feel that it is my duty to reveal and point out all the truths to my own people about the evils. and the risk of radiation from uranium waste.
Shortly after, a tree planting ceremony was held at the ground floor of the Block with the participation of students of Tirot Sing Memorial Secondary School and staff of the Block.
“As I said, the appearance of Bah Pual is nothing but we should look at the goal that Jaiaw should make the best decision to look after the youth,” he said. I have served as an MLA for 15 years and the people have suffered with the people to allow us young people”.
(Revelation 16) Therefore, let us repent and not be discouraged. The time is still waiting and the way is still open to draw near to God.
Where is the Livestock Mission related to this? We have the Aquaculture Mission, the Milk Mission but where is the Mission for this? Let us expect that our Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people will take up this farming in a proper and responsible manner.
For more information please call
Last month, Jonsoon, who has four children, announced that she had divorced her husband, Brian Monet, 50, after 11 years of marriage.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem has taken a step to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong. He also urged the MDCs to find other ways to travel besides the car.
Furthermore, the FKJGP leader said that the party understands the difficulties at this time when the government is fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic, but for the sake of the farmers, There should be a special thought, in order to avoid this hard work of theirs.
In the Under-14 Boys category, KB Memorial Sec School beat East Jaintia Hills 1-0 by Jerimi Dkhar and 1-1 Kerbinson Marwein.
If they mention the Mynriang River, they should mention it between the point called Umsati Opposite Tanpat village and the source of Umkhyrmi because the Amring River is between Tahpat and Umkhyrmi but they didn't mention anything else. this is your bag.
Seven African men and one woman have been arrested, as well as an Indian woman who worked with them from Sikkim,” Avasthy said.
The truth remains that the way the French looked at the indigenous people during their rule was through the eyes of judgment.
He said it was built as the Great Wall of China.
Sugnu, where about 1000 families used to live.
He said that detailed information for the SoPs to implement the days of not bringing pla books to school will be included in the notification.
Ed East Khasi Hills while speaking to reporters.
The Minister was accompanied by MLAs HM Shangpliang from Mawsynram, Bah Pius Marweiñ from Ranikor, officials from the Water Resources Department, Regional Manager from Brahmaputra Board, ITI Guwahati and others. .
“The letter written by ACHIK is misleading and misleading and will only create ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo people.
Former Secretary Welljune Syiemlieh has written that the case against the All Dimasa Student Union (ASU) Dima Hasao has been filed against the state government. In the NGT, the case of Faily Shyiem against the KHADC, then the case of the Election Commission.
Where shall I go? If the BJP really believes in cleansing up the rule of law by eradicating corruption, it should send the CBI and ED to Meghalaya to investigate the cases here.
Shillong: The BJP MDCs in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today demanded that Thombor Shiwat should resign as CEM of JHADC. The BJP has decided to resign from the post of Thombor Shiwat after he said that if the MDCs do not get their salaries they will not have to protest.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has called for a 17-hour curfew from 1 am to 6 pm on the 26th of this month on the occasion of the Republic Day.
Likewise, the Reservation Policy has become like a fish because it has been shaken and now it has been seen that the Schedule Castes also demand their share. The Garo people living in Khasi Hills also demand to benefit from this policy.
He said that the residents of Lailad Rim and Nongkynrih have not been able to build their own siej bridge so that they can work from one side to the other. The river is heavy and at the same time they have to replace it every year, due to the deterioration and instability during the rainy season due to the high water level.
There are 17 opposition parties including DMK, SP, JDU, BRS, CPM, RJD, NCP, CPI, IUML, MDMK, KC, TMC, RSP, AAP, J&K NC and Shiv Sena (UBT).
The time has come for us the people to fight against these shortcomings in the rule of law.
In response to this incident, the Congress in Manipur has demanded that the robbers should be punished severely and at the same time they have demanded that the army should be deployed. Government of Manipur for strengthening security in many parts of Manipur.
He said that some of them were injured but it was not due to the shooting of the BSF troops but due to the riots.
While Tangmar was busy making and strengthening the slieng jaiñ, Jumreit had the opportunity to hide his sister in the barn.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that the construction of the Science and Commerce College at Mawphlang will be completed by July this year.
He said that the DS Group, which had signed a social agreement to build a thermal project in South Garo Hills, has disappeared and the work is not progressing.
While in 2019, only about 4500 households received umkor, now we have increased to more than 2 lakh households.
Meanwhile, the High Court has temporarily suspended the implementation of the Lokayukta's order against these former MDCs and others issued on 18th June,
It's depressing, sad when this happens.
Shillong: The Sonapyrdi Dorbar Shnong has launched a tourism society called 'STEDS'
“The misunderstanding between Alexander L Hek and Sanbor Shullai should have been resolved within the BJP Committee and I am not a member of the BJP, I cannot say, but please resolve the misunderstanding within the BJP Committee. “This is the only thing I can think of,” said Tynsong.
“The land of the jail at Jail Road will be used to build a commercial complex with a mall and a parking lot,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Three months after the death of her father, she gave birth to a son. She carried her baby on her back every day. She started working in Hali and Pynthor.
“Today, Assam is experiencing rapid economic growth unprecedented in previous years.
Because of the lack of payment, PGCIL has issued its own rules, in which it is allowed to operate only 70MW. PGCIL wants to ensure that the payment will be paid in half this month and that there will be a clear deadline. and he gave them the right shiteng.
“This shows the thinking of the BJP. Such words will not come out if the party does not recognize the people of this area as foreigners,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Pratap Bareh and two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel were shot dead and injured by Bangladeshi robbers in two places on Tuesday morning. They also seized an INSAS Rifles and an SBBL rifle from a trader in Amdoh.
According to Dr Sandy, although suicide is a disease related to the human brain, the government has not taken this into account and in the budget, it has allocated only 2 percent.
Can you imagine this disaster.
He said that in the past few months, there have been religious people who have come to explain and misrepresent this longdoh longsnam to the people and they have sat down to preach to the public to bring this.
So far, the candidates announced for the MDC election from Mawlai constituency are Teibor Pathaw, Embhahlang Syiemlieh from the UDP and Marbud Dkhar from the Congress.
The Dohkha seed distribution was led by the Raid Ïapngar Youth Association and the Young Minds, a group of youths from Ri Bhoi District. NS Rymbai, President of Shisur United, Bah PR Madur, Bah Isynei Hinge, President of Young Minds, Samla Mardondor Shadap, Adviser of Young Minds, Chairman of the Union, Samla Kyntiewnam Lamare, Secretary, Samla Elbirth Roni Ramde and other leaders of the Union.
Songsak was led by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira whom Dr Mukul Sangma wants to contest against.
The incident occurred in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
The FKJGP has found that a patient at Robert Hospital, whose cost has reached 22,000 rupees, has to pay more than 12,000 rupees and only 10,000 rupees from MHIS. Therefore, I would like to ask the State Government not to explain to the beneficiaries of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme.
Bah Mawthoh also explained that the government has a role to play in providing financial support to the youth who have this goal.
According to sources, Ahoa Konyak and two members of TASU visited the Phantom Colony in Tizit village, after receiving information about the presence of some so many drug dealers in the area.
We have been able to implement development works in Tura through the Smart Town Project,” he said.
He refused to believe that it is only a platform for development as it is through this that the BJP has been able to spread to the North Eastern states.
It is here that through “Ka Jait ka Kynja” that the Jaidbynriew stands firmly in unity and rules the land of Hynniew Trep and Hynniew Skum with righteousness and justice along with the fear of God and knowledge of God. you are a human being.
He said the ordinance is in the hands of the Governor for approval.
The former CEM of KHADC said that he does not want to reveal the reason why the EC led by him has not closed one gate in Diengpasoh.
The cat climbed from the roof of the house and fell to the ground where the people were sitting.
He said that the government should take responsibility to discuss this issue with the NTA because such issues should not happen and that the Admit Cards of the students who should sit for this examination should also be issued. They should provide a month before the examination and should also provide examination centers for the students to write so that this problem that has already been faced should not happen again in the future.
He said the murder of Dr Vandana Das has shocked many in Kerala and such incidents have brought shame to the state in front of the world.
The meeting was conducted by Commander Shangpliang, President HFU, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Kynpham Lyngdoh, Pauldeep Tongwah, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. Baristar Thyrniang, Finance Secretary KSU Nobosohphoh Area Unit and other dignitaries in the presence of teachers and students who came to witness and enjoy this programme.
There are 22540 samples sent, 22141 negative, 295 awaiting results and 20,923 returnees.
All the residents of the village including children to the elderly took part in the programme.
On the same day, Ambernath United will face Bengaluru United at 4:30 pm at the Cooperage Stadium in Mumbai.
It may be recalled that around the places where the party leaders go down to campaign for their candidates, the first thing they shout to the people is that they are in the party. the party that forms the government and is in power.
He said that according to the documents sent by the Meghalaya government, they will be strong enough to accept the land to fall under Meghalaya.
The Non-NFSA rice will be 7.215 kg per head at the price set by the Vigilance Committees which should not exceed T.14/- per kilo in urban and rural areas.
“On my part, as the head of the Council, I will not accept the introduction of such sports in the state which has many evils especially for our youth and on my part I am against it. “It's a good idea to have a casino in the state,” he added.
Kharshiing said she found that 26 children under the age of 6 years have not received food from the ICDS as ordered by the Supreme Court.
He said that the story of the film is about a singer and the film is starring Samla Phira Dohtdong who is a real singer, Tracy Basaiawmoit and Diana Khyriem.
Meanwhile, the spinner, Devika Vaidya, who is playing her first T20 series in five years, still has to train in this field after failing to play well.
However, children can make their own decisions until they reach puberty.
There were many reasons why the people hated Zacchaeus.
He said that this is a way to help improve the income of those who earn their living and fill their families by mining coal. how to think carefully and follow the rules of scientific mining that does not affect the environment.
Sangma said he had briefed Modi on the objectives of the Meghalaya Government and various targets set to be achieved in the next five years.
The meeting of the Dorbar Shnong has taken three decisions in which no one will be allowed to sit on the forest road day or night.
Gaza is currently in darkness after electricity supplies to the area were cut off since last Saturday.
As the days go by and more people are arrested, this incident continues.
Great missionaries like Dr. William Carey and Thomas Jones came from the humility of William Carey as the shoemaker and Thomas Jones as the room.
This is what prompted Bah Gilbil Syngkli to turn to the handicraft industry after the outbreak of COVID-19 in November 2019 has affected his jobs. However, during the lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-19, there is no work to do. From day to day, he turned to handicrafts by making various animals and selling them in the market to support his family.
Also present on the occasion were Bah MR Synrem, Secretary, Health & Family Welfare, CEO of MHIS, Dr. M. Borthakur, Director, MCH & FW, Dr. SS Dohling, DMHO, East Khasi Hills, Dr. Dr. J.Lyngwa Additional, DMHO, East Khasi Hills, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary of Golflink, Pynthorumkhrah, Mawpat, Nongmensong, Lang Kyrding Mihngi, Lumshyiap were also present.
Regarding their arrest, they were arrested for violating the visa requirements, as their visit to churches was unauthorized.
On the other hand, Mr. Khroo L Pariat, who is also the Chairman of the Association, expressed his gratitude to the farmers who have cooperated with the government offices of agriculture who have accepted the idea. This is done after the cultivation of rice by planting jhur or phan during the rainy season as done in Myntdu Pynthorneiñ.
The Dorbar Shnong will never be able to repay the great deeds of these men, but will pray for them all to be healthy and prosperous. in all respects, said the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur.
Rev GS Umwi, who is in charge of the church, also inaugurated the Lam Jingshai Youth Center which is a place for the development of the youth within the church.
Bright said that the teachers will not be able to appeal to the court in 2021 because the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has made it clear that if the teachers violate this notification, they can appeal to the court.
The race will start from Mawklot.
How does God speak? God made Israel His weapon of war – “Thou art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I break in pieces nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms” Jeremiah 51:2 23.
Soren said he would focus on the age verification of applicants and to benefit the youth who have learned to be employed in government schools.
At the age of 16 he went back to Voorhee's College, Vellore and it was in the same year that his father married Sivakamuamma.
Two Indian Air Force planes will take Hamid to Balat and after that he will return to Shillong.
“We are working to honor the poor and needy, to have their own homes.
The agreement with the company was signed by MR Synrem, IAS, CEO, Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme and Secretary, Health and Family Insurance Scheme. Welfare and on behalf of the company were signed by Bah L.Buam, Sr.
According to the District Horticulture Office, Jowai, there are about 1600 Sohsaw farmers in the area.
He also congratulated the staff of the school for their hard work and dedication and urged the students to work hard and persevere for their studies. They should also have the goal of bringing fame and glory to their school.
“The government is ready to talk to anyone for the sake of peace,” he said.
(16 Point Program for Meghalaya, Dated 6 July 1973) During his tenure as Deputy Speaker of India and during one of the Christmas seasons, he published a newspaper entitled , “What Does the Christian Faith Mean to Me”, and there he said, “during the Christmas and New Year season it is important that we share our thoughts on this fundamental and important topic. ".
Meanwhile, in another report, it was reported that some houses were damaged on Mawlai Bridge due to the shooting by the CRPF and the shooting also entered the houses of people.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 58833 out of which 53638 have recovered and 974 have died.
After completing all the necessary procedures, the body of the woman was taken to Shallang Police Station for post mortem examination.
Metbah said that as supporters of the UDP, they should not stop other leaders of other parties from campaigning in the constituency.
The party has made it clear that it doesn't have time to listen to this forced public hearing, just for the benefit of someone or someone else, but it will raise the white house. “We have decided to protect the people from the destruction of the natural resources by the foreigners,” said Ma KL Rymbai, President of the party.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the peace talks between the State Government, the Central Government and the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) which were scheduled to be held in the first month of this month. month, it was suspended due to the clashes between the two ethnic groups in Manipur.
The Meghalaya government has declared the Sports and Fitness Month in the state from 22nd to 29th July as part of the celebration of the National Sports Day.
It will be the most difficult time in the world, when the Beast rules and the fourth Temple is built in Jerusalem.
He added that if the Sengkmie does not announce the date of the election, the election cannot be held. You know that Bah Hek was the President of the party from 2003 to 2006 for three years. two years.
He said the Assam government has now agreed to send an inquiry through the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) or NIA into the incident.
The Jaintia Hills sector was headed by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar while the Ri-Bhoi sector was headed by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu, on Tuesday awarded the Padma Shri to Bah Risingbor Kurkalang from Laitkyrhong, East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya. New Delhi.
However, when inquiring from the vehicles, the union said that the coal was transported from Nongjri, Nonghlam and Kulang and not from outside the state.
Besides, they also urged the public not to look down on anyone who has become addicted to drugs but to help such people to improve their lives. their lives.
It is very sad that the Ri Khasi Jaintia has been destroyed like this every time the Mawpuds set by the old bajah have been removed.
Tbn FDW Sutnga is the father of Sparkling Suchiang, Berielly Suchiang, Midnight Suchiang and Complete Suchiang.
He said the NPP will ensure that other states in the North East follow the example of Meghalaya and no one can look down on the state but will have to follow the example of the state government. public and state.
Jowai, March 31: A man named Madiar Tyngkan, resident of Mushrot village, West Jaintia Hills, has been found dead inside a liquor shop at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills.
"The Rap Iieng is our custom only within the Hynniewtrep community and not with the foreigners.
The Shillong Municipal Board has purchased a Litter Picking Machine from Green Assets for the purpose of reducing the need for garbage collection by the Municipal employees. The garbage is not broken, especially in the open dump through the machine.
Through this partnership, the AMM Foundation will become a partner of Dortmund in the promotion of football to the youth across India.
The meeting was led by Samla Ennocent Khongstia, President of the Circle and other leaders of the Seng.
She alleged that the Director had transferred her to the office of the Joint Director of Soil & Water Conservation Institute, Byrnihat (Ri Bhoi) since 8th November last year after 10 months. The longkmie has written a complaint to the Minister on 6th March,
The title of Miss Bangkok AIPC was won by Miss Alfidarie Khar Syntiew and the title of Miss Beauty with Brain was won by SS Sweety Diengdoh.
He opposed Waibha Kyndiah, son of PR Kyndiah (BKB) for giving his father's clan, to get his ticket from the Congress in Nongkrem in
The agreement is for 25 years that the tourism department will use these houses and after that they will become the owners of the land owners to manage these houses and other buildings in the village.
“This statement by the NPP Youth Leader comes after the allegation against a supporter of Martin Danggo yesterday, in which hundreds of supporters decided to leave the NPP. They also demanded that the MLA and former Chief Minister, Martin Danggo, should leave the NPP to contest the election from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
In this regard, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he has convened a meeting with all the officers of the PWD department to discuss the issue and the target set by the government. The cost of these projects is Rs 554.67 crore and the length of the road is 262.4 kilometers.
Earlier, Lamphang had also recognized UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy as the Leader of the Opposition.
The meeting was enriched by the performances of the students of the school.
Every year, the Jaidbynriew especially the political parties and political parties celebrate the memory of the Khla Wait of the Jaidbynriew such as Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima and Woh Klang Nongbah but why do these celebrations end? There is no strong participation as a nation to celebrate this day.
After the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya held talks to resolve the border issue in Guwahati, the KSU Narpuh Circle on Saturday under the leadership of President KS Suchiang and Phanuel Tongper Vice President and members visited Ratachera and Malidor villages to meet with the Waheh Shnongs on the border issue.
They said that the celebration of the 25th Anniversary of the AA to serve fellow drinkers and during this celebration there will be a discussion on the impact of alcohol.
In 2021, we have ministers who failed class 12 30 times, in the coming years we will have 30 ministers who failed class 10 30 times and later ministers who have failed class If the government continues to take such sting to look after the welfare of the teachers.
However, if you pass well in Exam Class Xii of MBOSE but cannot register for CUET within 06-05-2022, you will lose your education this year .
He said the EC will also ensure that SBI ensures that the health centers owned by SBI are adequate whether in the North East or in other parts of the country. in Ri.
Tura DCA, who lost to Zone 2, have hoped to improve in their match against North Garo Hills DCA at Salpara.
The funeral service will be held on the 3rd June 2020, at 2 pm, at the Presbyterian Church, Mawkhar, Mission Compound.
Moscow: The Kremlin has vowed to fight against Britain after the West imposed a ban on trade and cooperation with Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that the ceasefire with Russia is a show of force, like a war and that any country that implements the ban will not be able to fight Russia. The aircraft carrier in Ukraine will show that it will not take part in Ukraine's war against Russia.
They said that the tit starts to grow well in the months of June and July which is the season when the rainfall starts heavily.
The struggle for honor or dignity along with the spirit of jealousy among our fellow leaders whether in political affairs, in political parties, in church groups, in the community, in the villages. creation, in the tribes, in the family, it is one of the best things that we will lose in many battles in order to get the shield for our beloved country.
Defense Minister Yoav Gallant said, "We will completely eradicate Hamas from this face of the earth.
Even the promise of the Government of India has not been fulfilled.
Therefore, this is a sign of how we as the Government have taken seriously the education of the children,” he added.
“As far as I can, I will support the schools in the constituency and so far I have spent up to Rs 1.34 crore from the SRWP scheme just to build additional class rooms because I believe that schools are part of the great to educate and teach the values ​​of the children," he said.
He said that the DGP's request for leave at such a time is like he has thrown his hand away from the incident.
Nongrim Hills SC also scored three points after beating Sawmer SC 2-1 goals. Nongrim Hills SC opened the scoring with 10 goals at the start of the first half. Bankit Nongrum scored the second goal in the 3rd minute and by the end of the first half the lead was 1-0
In his speech, he reminded that the parents in Domjyrti have already enrolled their children in SHGs and through this it can be a hope for a bright future for their children because when they There are those in such areas who don't have time to think about these useless things because when they hold various meetings they also hold songs, dances and other programs to build up each other and by that way their children can be saved from many evils.
The Tura PRIME Hub has been built on an area of ​​3200 Sq.
Shillong: The Independent Committee appointed by the State Government headed by Justice T Vaip to investigate the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021, today submitted its report. I have received a letter from the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma.
“The union through the Environment Secretary will visit the Deputy Commissioner's office to monitor the matter and also to issue a letter saying that no quarrying should be allowed without the permission of the District. Council and the relevant authorities and we will follow up on this matter until the NGT to issue a letter in this regard,” he said.
This is our duty as citizens of a democracy.
Both sides expressed their views and called for cooperation with blessings.
Chothe and Tlang have made 40 appearances for FC Goa in the ISL, Durand Cup and Hero Super Cup.
Her brother, who is also a cyclist, is a strong supporter for Phyrnai and it is through his brother's cycle that she will win the goal.
Shillong, July 11 : The KHNAM has informed the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on the need to amend the 128 AD Rule.
The Lamphang said the deadline for the completion of the construction of the new Assembly will be before November or April,
He added that 20 Futsal courts will be constructed in the state.
On the other hand, the KSU said that if the talks do not succeed and the Assam government continues to harass the residents of Hynniewtrep who live in the border areas of Block 1, the KSU will not hesitate to take others. The General Secretary of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District has said that the government should take responsibility for the incident.
He said that the MLA of Sohiong has issued the MLA Scheme and MDC Scheme only in the same place, and there are also MDC schemes in some places where he has issued the work order. Your Personal Secretary – Mr. Pynshai Malngiang.
For beginners try to make your own box. If you know carpentry, it's enough.
This area was divided into three Raids; The Nongjrong Raid, Labang Raid and Nangphyllut Raid while the Pangam Raid falls under the Raliang District.
Therefore, only the people can completely defeat all these rulers, leaders and leaders of the MDA government in the upcoming MLA elections in
I want to know how to do it.
Other parties are more likely to lose their reputation or end up in persecution, especially those on the government side.
Most of the people living in the rural areas come from poor families and some of them cannot even afford to buy adequate food.
The SP said the theft was by stealing e-wallets such as Ypaycash, Mobikwik and Paytm from smart phones and once stolen they could send money to People can access SIM cards through these e-wallets and the money can be used to recharge, DTH and online.
He also stressed that the United States has now failed under the leadership of the current President, Joe Biden.
Alia Bhatt has tested positive for covid-19 after her boyfriend, Ranbir Kapoor, tested positive for the virus a few months ago.
Regarding the ILP, he said the protest has started since 2013 but as the government has made it clear that it cannot implement it, it has been suggested that it implement a strong law to protect it. He said that the KSU has not stopped the demand for ILP. On these laws, the government has to complete the entry and exit points for foreigners. “If the government continues to delay, we will have to think of something else,” said Lambok.
“The District Council is different from the state government, in the District Council we look after the culture of the people, so there is no way for us to support the MDA government,” he said.
AAP candidate Armerington Kharshiing received 8815 votes, CPI candidate Richard D Shabong received 7418 votes, independent candidate Ivoryna Shylla received 6605 votes and Denis Siangshai received 5092 votes. you get 10960 votes.
These youths from Sajer village, including Marcus Marten, Compriwell Kharjahrin, Hoping Sylliang and others, have come out for the repair of the road. the people who use this road.
He said that this money is to pay the nine months' salary of these people which the previous and new governments have not paid until October this year to be paid by the new government.
That doubt and depression will not be able to corrupt their thinking.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong today congratulated the people especially those who have joined hands with the government in the fight against the corona virus in the state from the staff of the department. health to police, officers of government departments and village headmen.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: Nongrim Hills SC on Tuesday beat Mawkhar SC 2-0 in the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 organized by the Shillong Sports Association. .
Shillong, November 24: Umjer from Mawlai Mawtawar has been selected to compete in the India's Got Talent Season-5 organized by Colors TV in Mumbai.
He said the MPEC has not discussed the results of the last MDC elections, in which out of 29 seats in the Khasi District Council, the Congress won only 10 seats and in Jaintia Hills. , won only 4 out of 19 candidates.
Before the students could perform and complete the March Past to be saluted by the chief guest, the flag of the school was raised and hoisted as a sign of opening the Annual Sports Meet three days with the participation of teachers.
We should not take this COVID-19 stingingly because our State is small and if we the citizens don't think, it will bring loss to the State as a whole and lose many lives. It is worthless only because we are stingy and irresponsible.
When the item came to start the debate, all the students lined up and shouted as ordered by the principal.
Guwahati: The Gauhati High Court has strongly criticized the Mizoram government's order banning those who have not been vaccinated against the coronavirus from leaving their homes. It is insulting and unfair and directs the state government to immediately amend this order.
Silbi Passah is a resident of Riatsamthiah, Shillong and is well known in the state in terms of preserving and promoting traditional music and dance.
“If we work together we can win,” he said.
He said that even if Dr. DD Lapang leaves the Congress, he and the people who won the Congress from Nongpoh will remain in the party and it is his duty to remain in the party. strengthen the party even if Dr. DD Lapang.
Shillong: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, the East Jaintia Coal Supply Association and the Union of Village Headmen of East Jaintia Hills have protested against the government's plan to import coal from Assam to Meghalaya. The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM), HANM and the Jaintia National Council (JNC) have vowed to stage a strong protest against the decision of the Meghalaya government to allow trucks from Assam to import coal to East Jaintia Hills for the operation of foreign coal factories.
“There are some people and political parties who criticize the NPP but once they have gone beyond Khanapara, they cannot understand or cannot even say anything,” he said.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that the new cases were confirmed in Guwahati, one from Morigaon District and the other from Morigaon District. not valid in Guwahati.
“We have every right to hear the voice of the people, how they are trying to mislead us on this issue.
V Pratap Reddy, Chairman of the Forest Development Corporation, said that the department will supply 10,000 tonnes of wood to these various burning grounds.
“Every election we get 24 or 25 seats and now we will not lose these numbers,” he said.
The question now is whether it is the benefit of the JAC-HJ leaders or those who work with the Syiem in the foreign trade.
Shillong, Lber 3: Fifty years ago, if you walked from Motphran to Iewmawlong, you wouldn't talk about it during the rainy season, which is the time of Christmas and New Year celebrations.
With this victory, Moosyiem came top in Pool B and Sailung Ialong came second.
Nongpoh: A woman who was on her way to withdraw money from SBI Bank at 11mer Mawsmai, has been robbed of 3 lakh tyngka, this afternoon at 2:30 pm. she was suddenly snatched by two men, who came on an unregistered motorcycle.
The letter a, b, k, d is the one that was redeemed by the blood of Jesus.
He said that during his tenure as Minister of Mining from 2009-2012, many companies wanted to set up Cook Factories in the state and he did not succeed. not even one NOC was issued despite the rampant money laundering.
Leaders of the North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Education Cell on Tuesday staged a protest in front of the MBOSE office. The State Government has been given 10 days to release the Scholarship for the year 2022-2
As mentioned recently, the SSA Womens League in the state is a blessing and benefit for our girls to showcase and develop their talents and skills. their ability to participate in the big clubs in India and especially to represent the country internationally.
Spelity is a woman whose name is well known in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, as a woman who has expressed her opposition to the uranium mining project since the 1990s.
Submitted by PPRC valid for only 3 months.
He said that there are some Bills passed by the council which the state government has passed without any comments although it is the rule that it should not comment on any ground.
He said that according to the arrangement, the voter list which needs to be revised will be released on March 17 and the complete list will be released on July 5,
The BDO of Rambrai Block, Bah S.Marweiñ was present at the programme.
The Executive Committee has been urged to direct all the Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant if they find such cases. They shall take action to inform the State Government or the District Council authorities.
Prison number 7 is also the home of his son, Karti.
This action affected the whole body, putting the Sadducees, the Pharisees, the scribes, and the merchants who were close to the rulers in the most dangerous position.
The UN declared in 1948 that the State of Israel is part of the Jews and Jerusalem, their capital.
Rida replied, “Why...?" Niakha asked again, “How can I hide you, Niakha... On that day when I came here...” She started to tell but there were buyers and she had to stop. Niakha said, “Continue, son...” “I was bombed and tied when I didn't know what to do with my mother because I was late to get home.
The MeECL employees said that if the department does not inform them when it will increase, they will not take any decision to protest or anything else.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner and District Election Officer of East Khasi Hills District today informed the General Secretary of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that there will be a recount of votes from 20th May. (ST) Assembly Constituency.
“As for the All India Trinamool Congress, it cannot reach anywhere because it does not have a vote bank. their constituents"she added.
When asked about this, Bah Jambor said that the Syiem of Sohra Hima will be called first to find out the truth and if it is true, these people will be punished according to the rules. the law of the district council.
It is understood that this will not affect the flow of the river as per nature but according to Indian experts this will help a lot in the shortage of water in the river and will help in reducing the flooding in the river. Assam.
Khandu's net worth according to the documents he submitted during his nomination papers is Rs 163 crore.
Lapangap Village has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya on Friday urging him to take action against the Karbi.
The Achik Literature Society (ALS) was also present on the occasion.
Giggs, 46, and Kate, who lived together in Worsley, Manchester, were released in November 2020 after the incident with Kate, 36, when she ran away. From Giggs' house, she also took Mack and until now, there has been a strong dispute over the ownership of Mac between the two husbands.
Rajapaksa arrived in Singapore on a Saudi plane and was reportedly leaving the Maldives for Singapore.
Sanbor said that according to reports, Ernest has demanded that Lahkmen Rymbui should resign over the death of six people in the coal mine in East Jaintia Hills. The party doesn't know anything about this, but it's just his own words.
The incident took place at Diyungmukh in Dima Hasao district.
Jowai, Naitung 26: Thousands of devotees of the Sein Raij Tuber, have gathered from all over the villages in East and West Jaintia Hills to bring 'Bhang Blai' Take it to Tuberkmai-shnong at the biar kyntang or Aitnar for the completion of the ritual tomorrow, Monday.
The incident took place at the CGO Complex in Delhi.
“We will continue to crack down on illegal trade activities of foreigners and we will take strict action to close down the shops of those who do not have Trading License from the Council,” he said. that the EC will take action against illegal activities within the Council's jurisdiction.
He said the BJP party has nothing to invite or invite but if he comes to join the party, it is ready to accept.
Schedule: Schedule is one of the schedules for any idea in the schedule.
On this occasion, the Government of India has bypassed various government departments, such as the Industries Department, which knows and collects the figures of local employees, and has bypassed the Municipal authorities. , who know the market vendors and shopkeepers within its boundary, but, has selected the names, through the approval and advice of the banks and thus this explains that the Help these small traders, is for those who trust the banks or who work regularly.
At the same time, he said he is in this state to serve the people of Meghalaya and he will try to expedite the hearing of many pending cases.
Only three years after she started playing, she was selected to train at the National Center of Excellence (NCoE) in Imphal and since then she has not looked back.
On the other hand, Samla Lambok Marngar President of the KSU said that the construction of this school is due to the hard work of the members who have stood firm to achieve this goal. Let this be like the stones that will be witnesses in the future and take this as a source of inspiration for these little ones to drink and build their thinking from now on.
Nongstoiñ: After allegations that ration recipients have been forced to register their Adhaar; The KSU Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Samla Wanbhakupar L Longlait, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa to seek clarification on the issue. Ration recipients are affected due to lack of ADHAAR Card.
KSU President Denial Khyriem has warned the government if it continues to delay the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as demanded by 13 organizations in the state.
Shillong: The MDA government today decided to introduce amendments to the Meghalaya Farmers Commission Amendment Bill
She said the government should continue to do these good deeds.
Millet is one of the indigenous crops that has become extinct in many parts of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
In a statement, the Seng through Pyndapbor Shongwan President and Pyndaplang Laitmon General Secretary demands that the government through this head of state should take steps to open this health center as soon as possible. safety of the local population.
Thank God for taking care of us.
“The Ministry of Education of the Union Government has requested for the UCs, which the department has already sent.
It is important to remember that the existence of the Son of God did not begin in Bethlehem.
At present, there are 94 female students staying at the North East Girls Hostel in Mawlai Mawroh which is a private accommodation and 33 male students have been accommodated in other accommodation by the same owner.
The Government of India today announced that those hand sanitizers, which contain alcohol, will be subject to the GST of 18 percent.
Mulakkal was arrested on 21st November 2018 and remanded in custody on 24th November 2018 for two months.
Replying to Dr. Mukul Sangma's allegation regarding coal mining, Dr. Kharlukhi said that Dr. Mukul Sangma knows better because he is well versed in mining. say he has nothing to say because he knows nothing.
Only 16 teams will be selected and the tournament will start in Round
The Directorate will receive the support of experts so that they can better discuss the arrangements with the Ministries,” he said.
Two boxers, Shanborlang Marbaniang and Ïarapborsing Kharbani, won the United Professional Boxing Championship organized by the Indian Boxing Council on Friday night. Gujarat.
He said that Ri-Bhoi Sepngi, Umden, Umsaw Nongbri are still using 11KV line and it is time to upgrade these to 33 KV so that the electricity supply will be accurate and the people will be able to use the 11KV line. I don't have any problems with the boarding.
Although the current traffic jam is not too severe, it has not allowed the vehicles going to Iewduh to pass without being disturbed.
After the closure, the air has become clean, the water has become clean...It is better that all the factories in Byrnihat, Jaintia Hills and more than 30 coal factories in Shallang should be closed down. shuwa.3) Traffic jam:- In India, the highest number of cases of Coronavirus is in Delhi.
According to the CTS, Lajan account for about 65 per cent of all the children enrolled in 40,000 government schools in Gujarat.
MLA Justine Dkhar together with the Dorbar Shnong immediately distributed food items and shopping bags to the victims, said the village chief B.Shylla.
The Acting Waheh Shnong who was approved by the dorbar is Wespar Lamin.
Also present on the occasion were RM Kurbah (IAS) Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association John F Kharshiing, Ian Campbell of the H
The incident occurred after a clash on the road near DHS and a complaint was lodged at Laitumkhrah Police Station alleging that the police did not accept the FIR. A Gypsy Police vehicle (ML02-0238) and a Tourist vehicle (ML05-Y-9977) were also damaged in the incident.
It is to be recalled that one of the 12 workers who returned to the state on 8th June 2020, from the workplace at Namdang Tinsukia, Assam, is currently undergoing quarantine at Umjari village. ha Ribhoi District on the morning of 9th July 2020 at about 4:00 pm, he fled the scene where the village leaders were left in the dark because they did not know where he was going.
The Vice Chancellor of USTM, Prof. GD Sharma gave a speech on the topic “Gender Inequality and the Need for Gender Centric Investment”. .
He said this after a meeting with the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Dr B Rijai yesterday, accompanied by FKJGP leaders. They have suddenly received information that the Hima Mylliem will stop the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh from next month.
Before the end of the meeting, the patriotic song “Ri Khasi Ri Jaintia” was sung.
The HYC urges the MPs from the state to oppose this especially the MP from the NPP to strongly oppose this and if the BJP does not listen he should withdraw his support for this. government.
On the fourth day, early in the morning, the Longdoh of the religion together with the leaders of the Niamtre of the Tuber raid, went to the khloo blai or law kyntang and offered thanks to the Ryngkew of the Basa of the Tuber raid.
We need young people who are steadfast like Tirot Singh Syiem, who died in prison rather than being a slave king.
In the complaint, the President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that on the 14th of this month at 11:30 pm, three women (anonymous) were stabbed and shot. with a stick like a hockey stick, in front of the public and this is an illegal act and an insult to them as women.
Even in the midst of the passage of time, we find that there are still Shnongs, Raids and Himas which have preserved the monuments to this day.
Nongpoh: Three households living together in Baridua village, Ri Bhoi District, have been burnt to death after they were destroyed by a sudden fire in the area.
He said that what happened in Manipur is very sad and it is up to the authorities of the Manipur Government how to stop it.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an officer who took the bird said that after the wildlife has been handed over to the department, it is their responsibility to send it to the doctors for examination. to make sure they are at the center of a healthy body.
On Saturday, the MTU, which runs the Bri ki Synrang Tourist Attraction, has opened another tourist attraction at Maw Dohnud. such as Water Medicine.
After this, the match was taken back to extra time, where both teams could not score, and in the end to decide who will reach the final, Laitkor SC won the tie breaker by scoring three goals, while Marbisu SC won the tie breaker by scoring three goals. will score only 2 goals.
Abdul said, “I can't sleep anymore after I sold my son, but I don't have any other way. Even my wife has gone to her family or neighbors to collect money. to get food or money, but you don't get it.
We as a people want to gip.
When one of the members of the RAM (D.Mawnai) saw that this Khar Assam had thrown the ball, she was shocked and angry and threw it back at him because he had insulted us. nuts.
The Ministry of Home Affairs, headed by the Joint Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs, is looking into the matter.
Current and former teachers of the training center were also honored at the event.
Regarding the encouragement of the political party leaders, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh said that the teachers also want those teachers who are in the political field by naming Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh. to encourage them because as teachers they understand better what teachers are facing now.
This is the first fully equipped stadium not only in Jaintia Hills but also in Meghalaya.
“When you understand that, make yourself an example to others,” said the father. “Think about it, father,” said Gracia.
The vehicle was stopped at about 6:15 pm, and when searched, in the presence of witnesses, 200 boxes of soap filled with powder were found.
“I appeal to the people and the media to refrain from making false accusations against the BJP,” she said.
The government needs to implement such necessary projects.
“The MLAs of other constituencies, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Bah Ardent, have tied the table in the House but our MLA has not said a word, as if he doesn't have a mouth to say, or doesn't want to talk about the Block Mawlai, we don't want such an MLA, we want a brave leader to speak in the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Marbud.
Meanwhile, the JMB, which is slow to operate, should confirm its garbage collection method and inform the court how the garbage has been collected from houses and market places until the construction of the site. bread noodles.
Tienphira: “Once the forests are cut down, once the stones are cut down” Soso Tham.
Although the VPP has no complaint against the provision of accommodation to government employees who are entitled to stay in government residences while they are on duty, the VPP has said that the provision of accommodation to these employees The public is unable to comment because it is outside the boundaries of the law and there is no proper explanation from the government on this issue.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today said that the MCCL has not been able to produce dewbilat for many months. The State Government, which has allocated about T.190 crore, to run a Joint Venture or to close down the factory immediately.
Of course, we agree with the government's statement that it is necessary to take loans to run many businesses, but at the same time, we have to be careful.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Bishop of Tura, Father Rev Andrew Marak. Jengdoba, Mahendra Ganj, Rongsai, Ampati.
Speaking to Rupang by phone, HYC Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that it has not yet been confirmed how many Rangbah Shnongs will attend the meeting. However, he said that some Rangbah Shnongs have been invited by the HYC in writing, but many of them have not been able to provide information or letters to them due to the short time, but the HYC believes that The publication in the newspapers is the news that the party has invited them to the meeting.
She said that although the Department of Mining & Geology has received the reply on the show cause notice from all the Ferro Allow factories, these are still under consideration by the relevant department.
Modi sees that Manipur does not have an ILP, while other neighboring states do not have an ILP. Amit Shah said.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Phrenly Kongwang, Sordar of Raid Mukertila, agreed with the situation and said, “The power outage is uncertain, sometimes it lasts for many hours and sometimes it lasts for hours. Sometimes it burns all night and it burns for many days and it is for this reason that the robbers have the opportunity to take advantage.
He scored 75 marks in English, 98 marks in Mathematics, 95 marks in Physics, 95 marks in Chemistry, 92 marks in Khasi and 87 marks in Khasi.
Helpme Phawa scored the goals for FAM in the 57th minute and Hardyson Tang in the 69th minute.
Knia Pyrthat In connection with the knia pyrthat of the Langdoh, on the Hat of Nai Ynru, all the Waheh Wasian of the Raij of the village together with 14 wasans came to the house of the Langdoh of Ri Blai.
The meeting was conducted by Bah WK Kharbuli, Assistant Commissioner, Jowai while Bah FB Basan, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Jowai delivered the welcome speech.
On this occasion, it was decided to hold the Tura Football League for Under-15 and Under-18 children and also a baby league for Under-13 children.
On this occasion, the General Secretary of the union said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Electricity Department will verify his answer regarding the cost of implementation of smart meters in the state. The answer and figures have been prepared by the officers of the Electricity Department.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by the Working President of the unit, Bah Dundee Cliff in the presence of the office bearers of the Agriculture Cell East Khasi Hills.
Langsning FC had many chances to score their goals but due to the skill of the players of Golden Lion FC they couldn't score. Golden Lion FC scored 1 goal in the first half through Hikai Bareh jersey no 15, but until the end of the match Langsning couldn't turn a single goal. Golden Lion FC won the title 1-0 goals and Mawlangwir Sports Club awarded T.5,000 cash prize to Hikai Bareh. He was named Man of the Match.
Umshangiar won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 80 runs for the loss of all wickets.
Therefore, it is necessary to establish villages to bring about economic development and hopefully this new village will be an example to others.
“The JAC has inspected this road and found that the company has been working tortiously.
The aim of the campaign, he said, is to bring about democratic governance in which everyone can participate and bring their own policy on how to improve the society, income and economy. literature as well as in politics and it is there that the people can elect their leader who can do the work and who can formulate policies.
Speaking to u SP of Dibrugarh, he said that the repatriation of these people from Germany is progressing.
On the same day, in the afternoon, members of the KSU Ri Bhoi, visited the same place, which was also a visit to the search operation of the mynder in the area.
About 138 men and 120 women from all over the country came together to perform the traditional dance at the The traditional dress, which is also the custom of the Khasi, at the same time is a sign of gratitude to God the Creator.
Some of them have converted to other foreign religions like Hinduism, Muslims, Christianity, etc. There are also those who still hold on to their own traditional religion to preserve and maintain. Practice the religion, customs and traditions of our ancestors as established by our ancestors.
This government is fortunate to have Conrad K Sangma as its leader because he has more power to explain and defend.
One person has died in a road accident at Lad Mukhla on Sunday night.
There is a possibility that 90 percent of Indians could get the disease in the coming days, as they have not been infected in the past few days.
The Minister denied that there was any theft of CCTV cameras but said that only the battery was stolen near the Stationery office.
He said that three pyrtons of security forces have already been deployed in the state.
“We see that Mukul Sangma has a personal issue with Pynshngaiñ, but we don't see that he is attacking the people,” said Adelbert Nongrum, Working President of KHNAM and former CEM of KHADC. Speaking on the occasion, Adelbert said, “It doesn't matter which party it is, we support the issues that the Congress led by the PDF. “If Mukul Sangma also works for the nation, we will support him too,” said Bah Adelbert.
On the part of Prof. KG Lynrah, Professor of General Medicine, the program was conducted by the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. Nalin Mehta in the presence of Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, IPS, Director. General of Police, Meghalaya as the Chief Guest.
Through the fourth contribution, the farmers save the dai ki daju (nongkitnong) because as soon as the vehicles arrive at the market, the dai ki daju come to unload the khoh ki shang from the vehicle and transport them back to the market. the place where they were sold.
On the part of the Department of Health and Family Welfare, CHC Pynursla, Dr. Myntu Shylla explained about the problems of marriage or childbearing.
Dr Mukul Sangma has been a Congress MLA since 1993, when Ma Vincent was not in politics.
The residents of the villages said that the government's encouragement to raise chickens is only for those who raise fatherless chickens, namely Kuroiler and Broiler chickens, but for the They don't know the Khasi cows.
Shillong: Sohra received 69.6 mm of rainfall, Shillong received 7.6 mm and Umiam received no rainfall at all.
Asst.General Secretary – Eddy Tang.5.
Andrew War, Sunshine Pathaw, Alexander Klein and Nicky Jyrwa scored the goals for MLP Veteran.
Similarly, on 17th November 2014, in India Today, Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to introduce a policy to accept Hindu immigrants. from Bangladesh in Assam and his government team has sent a decision to the central government on this.
It is understood that this film will be a hit as many people want to see the story of this beautiful Khasi film by watching the songs and trailers.
Many leaders have tried to come forward to demand and also to amend or renew the Reservation Policy 1972 according to the current situation, but the Government is still following the rules as decided years ago.
“It is up to us parents to shape the future of our children and if we make a mistake on the 27th to elect our leaders, we will lose our lives for the sake of the heritage. to come.
Shillong: There have been 130 new cases of coronavirus in East Jaintia Hills today, including 15 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 14 cases from abroad.
MIG has been notified as the State Social Impact Assessment (SIA) Unit to conduct Social Impact Assessment Study for acquisition of land measuring an area of ​​81631.67 square meter at West Jaintia Hills District for the purpose of improvement/widening to 2 lane with paved shoulder/ 4 laning of NH-40 between Shillong to Dawki Road upto Bangladesh Border including Dawki bridge (proposed project).
The reality is that only 10 percent of urban students have access to technology; while we leave behind 90 rural areas who cannot participate (according to the Education Minister in the Assembly).
However, in a statement, the President of the Amlarem Block Congress Committee, LB Sumer, denied Conrad's remarks and said that Rymbui will contest from the Congress party and has already filed his nomination papers. Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya Legislators Salaries and Allowances (Amendment) Bill, 2017 has been passed to increase the salary of the MPCC to T.2.10 lakh. of MLAs, but now the government has increased it to T.2.2 lakh (two lakh two thousand) per month.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from South Tura constituency, Richard M Marak, on 13th June, accused Conrad Sangma of his inability to lead the government and spreading false news.
I stand for the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which has the banner of PRAH because this party has a vision especially for the youth and most importantly this party has The meeting was held under the leadership of the President of the party, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit.
We are under a responsibility to God to keep our souls clean and our bodies healthy, so that we can be of benefit to mankind, and give God a perfect service. .
Mairang, Naiwieng 23: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah G Kharmawphlang IAS, has enforced Section 144CrPC, which prohibits persons or groups of persons from catching and fishing using fishing nets. These are the types of medicines in the streams or rivers within the District.
Although he did not want to announce from which party he will contest the upcoming elections, the MLA said, “What you hear here and there may be true and now we are waiting. Only the Executive Committee shall take a final decision on this before proceeding.
The event was attended by the village leaders, longkmie and others.
To make the city clean and beautiful, it is not the responsibility of SMBs only, the community, but it requires the cooperation of all the people, she said.
Therefore, any discrimination or discrimination is not wrong but we should be careful when we eat and discriminate because they too need their rights.
Thousands of supporters of the party from all over the villages within the Jirang Constituency attended the meeting.
They plant this plant by broadcasting it in the soil.
Jowai, March 26: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) in Jowai on Friday. Name Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
When we look back, according to the old stories that have been passed down from generation to generation, the signs and symptoms that appear in them.
The meeting was attended by the DGP, Dr. LR Bishnoi, IGPs, SPs, Chairperson of the MSCPCR, Kong Ïamonlang Syiem, other officers and officials. worker for the protection of Women.
“We feel that the passage of this Bill is to help the MLAs without waiting until the Court,” said Bah Rowel.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has sent a notice to all schools, colleges and universities on 10th November
Meanwhile, Meghalaya, which owns the land, became the second best state with one Gold, seven Silver and four Bronze medals.
“For various women's groups we have already developed programs in which 40,000 thousand women's groups have more than 4 lakh members.
Spokesperson of the tournament Bah Pynhun Rynghang said that the tournament will be one of the biggest sports tournaments in Ri-Bhoi where the winner will receive a cash prize of Rs 3 lakh and the winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of Rs 3 lakh. The winner of the final will receive up to Rs 1 lakh and other personal prizes.
The meeting was led by RBPM President Bah EK Kharnaior and Secretary Bah John M. Mawphniang. The 5 KM road from Nongthymai to Umtrew in Umsning, Umsning, has caused a lot of trouble to the people who walk and stand on this road. suda, which can also cause traffic jam in the Umsning area, due to the increase in the number of vehicles with the passing of the days.
It is forbidden to carry any weapons of injury, such as knives, swords and others.
Shillong: U Bah Bigstar Thangkhiew, 70, has been missing since the 18th of this month and was found dead in the Umkaliar River on the road to MES. One of the family members of the deceased, who lives in Umpling, near the Hubert Memorial School, said that the deceased has a mental illness.
Mithun Manjunath was also sent off in the second round of the tournament 19-21 10-21 at Chia Hao Lee in China. Taipei.
"This urgent action has not only affected the feelings of the Christians but has also changed the secretive working methods of the government employees," he said.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong. Police have registered a case against the driver of the truck.
The General Secretary said this is a big difference if India, which is ranked 101st in the world, is ranked 101st in the world.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has written to the Director General of Police (DGP) last month that the Superintendent of Police and the Sub Divisional Officer have not done anything until the meeting. There has been a clash between the FKJGP and the Hindu Pilgrimage Yatra which intends to hold a religious service at Mawjymbuin Crematorium.
“We have started the border settlement with two states and we will complete all four,” Sarma told reporters in Guwahati today.
In the three constituencies of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin Assembly Constituency and Mawshynrut, the NPP and the Congress have no seated MLAs. Although the Congress Rambrai has not yet announced its candidate, Bormanding Nonglang, President of the Rambrai District Congress Committee, said that the Congress has already announced its candidate. There is no candidate in this constituency and the preparations are going on.
He also encouraged them to continue to play well so that they can improve in their careers.
A case has been registered against Dr Ampareen by the CBI since 2020 under Sections 120 B, 420,467,468,471,201 IPC and Section 12 (3) of the PC Act.
To expedite this, we will visit the areas involved in the conflict in the last month of July or the first month of November, in the presence of the Chief Ministers of both the States.
The union said that the statement of the MLA of the area to build the Dawki LCS transit at Muktapur is very important to improve the area in terms of income and the state as a whole. the Syndai-Trangblang limestone belt and other commercial opportunities, which generate revenue for the region and the state as a whole.
Confirming this, High Court Judge SR Sen rejected the bail based on the Supreme Court's ruling that no bail can be granted to a fugitive under Section 82 of the CrPC. He was accused of raping a 14-year-old girl at Ampati police station on 13th October this year and later raped her sister at home.
On the other hand, they also expressed their regret that they had gone to meet the DC but he had sent them from one office to another.
The SP City of East Khasi Hills has confirmed that the arrested woman is the mother of the woman who was seen in the videos circulating while she was selling drugs in GS Road near  Bimola Junction.
“The environment is our mother and father who gave us life.
Meanwhile, the SP said that the robbers demanded T.4 lakh from the families of the three persons for their release.
It meant that Paul was about to leave this world so he left behind young Timothy to continue the work of God.
“We are happy, we live with them, like brothers and sisters, before 47,” he said.
Hazare said that if the government implements the recommendation of the commission, the suicides of the farmers will stop completely.
The march will start at 6 pm from the Main Gate of Kiang Nangbah Stadium to Ladthadlaboh. Iongpiah – Mission Compound – HKSingh School – DC Office – New Hill – National Highway – and ends at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
The Sangh Parivar's protest is groundless and they should support the Hindu Mahasabha in the upcoming elections and defeat the BJP,” he said.
kajjitōk-shi-kumjuh : which cannot speak of something that is permanent or permanent.
Japan's move comes after the United States and the Netherlands reduced the production of chips they export to other countries.
On July 22, 2015, the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima replied to the letter by saying that the construction is urgent to complete and has been carried out by mechanical means.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday seized 197.35 grams of heroin worth Rs 1.6 crore from a petrol pump. in the Spring.
Arwotki Sumer, General Secretariat and all the office bearers of the Seiñ Raij, Jowai who have worked hard to prepare and celebrate this Behdieñkhlam, despite many obstacles.
For the Jaintia Hills, Krang Suri, Shyrmang and Iooksi were used while for the Garo Hills, Nokrek, Katta Beel and Siju were used.
The PDF, which has two MLAs, has not received a share in the Cabinet while other parties supporting the Government like the UDP, BJP and HSPDP have received a share in the Cabinet.
He said that the party and five Dorbar Shnongs have also submitted a petition to the Social Welfare Department to demand that the Government should open a Rehabilitation Center in Mawkyrwat due to the lack of youth. Most of those who have been addicted to drugs come from poor families so that they can be brought back to a new life.
Our Khasi Hills is one of the most beautiful countries because it has a beautiful nature, clean soils, clean valleys, clean drinking streams, clean flowers. seasonal flowers, beautiful trees, beautiful hills and rivers and forty kinds of natural resources to produce milk for others to flow into our country to earn money and destroy even the country.
The next match of the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 3rd Division Tournament today could not be played due to heavy rain.
Singh Mulieh is a man who loves education and is one of the founders of the MISU ME School in Mihmyntdu. At the secondary level, this school is known as Mihmyntdu Secondary School, Mihmyntdu.
SHO of Christianganj police station Karan Singh said the followers of both the leaders had a dispute over a seat dispute, which led to a clash.
The Secretary of Shankylliang Producer Group Sohkymphor, Ms Jency Suchiang, said that this group is one of the examples for the development of women who have the skills to make handicrafts. work together as a group to promote each other by exhibiting their products at fairs, markets held in Khliehriat and Latyrke and at the International Buyers and Sellers Meet held in in Shillong, it is expected that the SHG from Sohkymphor will increase from time to time.
Dr War said the testing is currently only for people with symptoms and High Rick contacts.
Court cases that have not been heard in Dist.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has called for a meeting with the contractor and manager of the company to discuss the delay in repairing the road from Jingkieng Dam to KHADC. Raju Basa Masutari, the owner of the company, has been appointed as the Manager of the company.
The match between the two teams was very strong and in the first half the match ended in only attempts without any goal being scored.
During the meeting, they handed over a letter of follow-up on the urgent need to amend and improve the Actg, 2007 and The article mentioned the need to amend the sections under the Act so that the children of the thousand can have a clear governance to avoid the darkness of the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and especially the Hima Dorbar.
Besides, the Minister said that the government has not yet taken any decision in this regard, whether to suspend or continue this project.
The Seng strongly warns and reminds these foreign contractors as well as the local contractors not to take advantage but to bring peace by employing Khasi or local labourers.
He said that the union has tried to find out why the number of schools according to the list from DSEL and the government announcement differs but the DSEL has said that it has no information on these schools. the school that does not come out.
On this occasion, the HYC expresses its deep sorrow and sorrow to hear the complaints of the farmers regarding the flooding of their fields and fields and appeals to the government authorities. to look after the problems of the farmers and also to expedite the assistance measures to avoid losses.
In one corner of the house, she had just turned the silk ksaieri into a color obtained from a type of stone found in the village.
A day earlier, on Sunday, Dr. Sean Conley, President Trump's doctor, confirmed that Trump was no longer sick or negative.
Other sources said that the BJP-led central government also wants to hold the elections in the state as soon as possible as the BJP is still strong especially after winning the elections. victory recently in Uttar Pradesh, Manipur, Goa and not long after in Assam.
The ribbon cutting ceremony was attended by the Rangbah Shnong Bah Phira Khongphai, the Secretary Shnong Dr Khampher Phawa, the Executive Committee, the President of the Women's Wing, Marylin Pathaw, President of the Youth Wing, Khrawpyrkhad Mynsong and the residents of Lumshyiap.
The EC urges all the members of the Mawlai Units not to take advantage of the membership or service of the KSU by putting their own interests first, but to the nation will go ahead in everything, and the rest will go backwards.
The Chief Secretary said that the job of this woman should also be verified as such a job is in the Forest Department.
That is why Jesus asked the Jews, “Do you know me? and ye know whence I am?" I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not.
The 2023-24 Football League 2023-24 1st Division match will continue today at the SSA Ground at 2:15 pm between Mawkhar SC and Lawsohtun. SC.Jowai, July 10: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium in West Jaintia Hills District.
During the salonsar campaign to collect these shops, there were also women who tried to deceive the KHADC police and not to own foreign shops including Nombar Tim shops, but in A thorough discussion has revealed the fact that they have revealed that they have inherited from foreigners the vacant land which they used to collect monthly fees.
Before the break, Aruna Chal managed to end Meghalaya's lead by 100/5
“We were just standing there to eat, we couldn't even get out of the car, suddenly a car came, they sent us out of the car and one of them pulled out a pistol and said. They forced us outside, beat us, shot us and tied us with a pistol until we were injured,” said Shacha Wangchuk, one of the drivers of these trucks.
It is learned that Erwin has received the support of former MDC Edar Nongbri.
This comes after it was agreed that the NPP is the party that supports the NDA government in Delhi and is also a member of the NEDA. The NPP has been elected to the Government and this is something we cannot say.
They also requested the Government to upgrade the building of the hospital so that the patients will no longer have to sleep on the ground and to pay the salaries of the staff of the hospital. They have been without their salaries for three or four months, said the Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
Members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle were also present.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) in Tura has strongly supported the protest of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and other organizations against the railway line. clearly the government should understand what the real sentiment is, behind the movement.
Women also wear many clothes to clean because they wear many kinds of clean clothes, especially those women who clean their own clothes without paying.
Mawkriah Girls' Team has faced many difficulties before entering this match against Laitkor, which has many talented players, and it didn't take a few minutes for Laitkor, the second team in (runners-up) to beat Mawkriah.
“This project will be the best for Laitumkhrah and Shillong and I hope it will be a place where we can bring happiness and employment opportunities.
The treatment was inaugurated by KHADC CEM Adelbert Nongrum in the presence of doctors, nurses of Gordon Robert Hospital and office bearers of the Greater Iewduh Welfare Association (GIWA).
The new committee met on the 13th and decided to name the campaign 'Clean Green Jowai Campaign'. The committee has elected 24 members including women and men from different walks of life. of the village of Jowai.
Why are you like this? (Why do we behave in a certain way?2.
“Those who join the AITC will leave after the election and the people of the state know that.
Source: National Center for Seismology.
He also urged the youth of the area to be hardworking because to reach the goal we need “determination, selflessness and hard work to reap that “It's a clean fruit in our lives especially in our journey as students,” he said.
Shillong: Many teachers who passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) examination have been demanded T.40,000 by telephone from unknown persons. There are also those who have been demanded up to T.1 lakh and those people who talk on the phone have promised them that if they pay the money they will pass the MTET examination. (DERT), has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station and some of the teachers have also lodged a complaint with the Police Stations under their residence.
They were handed over to the Customs Department, Champhai for further investigation.
Before the meeting, the KHNAM State Youth Wing had urged the CEM not to allow the Hima Mylliem or the Ministers to do whatever they want with the Iewduh, but to ensure that the Iewduh will do whatever they want. long and clean.
Speaking on the occasion, Batskhem said he decided to join the NPP after senior NPP leaders from Conrad K Sangma and others sought him out. region.
They also know that the hills and rivers which have been destroyed by development activities such as coal mining will never be able to be repaired and if possible, you shimpor good many years.
Shillong, Jymmang 1 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) has recognized the Voice of the People Party (VPP) as one of the political parties in Meghalaya. you're a party.
Umtyngar, June 17: Lam Jingshai LP & UP School, Umtyngar today celebrated its Silver Jubilee or its 25th Anniversary. Titos Chyne who was the chief guest.
We strongly condemn the arrest of Khaira.
Conrad will also visit Laskein at Pamsna Mini Stadium to participate in the Lakadong Festival and will also inaugurate the Prime Hub and CMC in Laskein and Mowtyrshiah.
“In response to the notice issued on July 14, 2023 by the Law Commission of India seeking the views of the people of India on the proposal to enact the Uniform Civil Code, I send to You have filed this petition on behalf of the minorities of Meghalaya, Khasi, Jaintia and Garo,” said Bah Sutnga in the petition.
welcome".
Henry Myrboh of Ehrngiew FC was named Best Player, Eric Nongkhlaw of Ehrngiew FC was named Best Goalkeeper and Samson Nongrum of Azariah FC was named Top Scorer. Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar was the chief guest, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of JHADC MDCs, Wahiajer SC leaders and others.
They also alleged that Mukul Sangma's actions show that he is irresponsible and unqualified to hold the post of leader as well as his government ministers.
If they come on both sides, we will come on both sides to bring development projects to Meghalaya,” he promised.
The Minister said that the requirement of funds this year could not be met from the state budget to complete the remaining and future water supply works.
Transportation of pig manure is prohibited even though it is licensed for export.
At the same time, he suggested to the Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) which has taken this step to hold a discussion to find ways and means to generate electricity not only from water, coal but also from water and coal. from the sun and the wind that are free from damage to the environment.
Further, North East Cane and Bamboo Development Council (NECBDC) has been sanctioned 14 projects worth Rs.90.86 crore in Bamboo Sector during Financial years 2015-16 to 2021-22.
Protein is one of the nutrients that our body needs.
Speaking at the briefing, the Rangbah Shnong, Edystone Shylla urged the residents to cooperate with the village authorities in order to bring about a clean environment inside the market.
Also present on the occasion were Adelbert Nongrum MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Brightstarwell Marbaniang MLA from Mawlai Constituency, Heavingson Kharpran MLA from Mawryngkneng Constituency and others. Party leaders from the Sengkmie and Circle as well, along with many people who came to congratulate on the occasion.
The ability of the leaders of departments or units to write in a neat and orderly manner will help them to work better and avoid being rejected when they need any urgent assistance from others. pat that side.
The Khasi and Garo who are the indigenous people of the state have worked together to get their own state in the struggle against Assam,” said Bah Batskhem.
The EC in the KHADC is led by the National People's Party (NPP) and the Congress under the banner of the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF).
Liquor shops have also been directed to fully implement the social distancing rules.
These sumos were seized by the police from Nongmensong area who came from Nongkyndong area and were carrying passengers on the roof of the vehicle.
" said Hep. "What do you drink?" Lydia asked, “Ap, I'm going to sleep for a while.
S.Manners came third, in the women's category, Rosy Sana came first, Lamsuk Phawa came second and Mariwi Shylla came third.
For Priority Household (PHH) at the rate of 5 kilos per head at the price of T.3/- per kilo including urban and rural areas.
Therefore, on our part, we have supported the local entrepreneurs to increase their income by opening many Home Stays within 10 months.
Due to the heavy rainfall, the water has entered the cement plant and covered the equipment and the entire colony has been damaged.
So far, Assam has 96,771 cases and 21,680 cases, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister.
Shillong:The students who wrote the Matric examination for the year 2024 on the 15th October 2024, which is also the last day of the writing examination, after leaving the examination rooms, and the method of setting questions by the MBOSE which are not in accordance with the textbook which they have prepared and worked hard throughout the year.
There are 24 recoveries, including 19 cases from East Khasi Hills, of which 18 cases are civilians, 3 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Khasi Hills. .
He said that the payment received by the muster rolls is the oldest which has been set since
For those who have not yet recognized and accepted Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior, that they may understand that our God is unchanging and able to deliver.
I have made this Regulation under clause (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 19 of the Sixth Sche-dule to the Constitution of India.
He remembered his father's words and how he had lied to his father just to protect himself.
Police and Magistrates who arrived on time managed to stop the HYC members before reaching All Saints'
The body of the child was found after police arrested Emvyris Dkhar alias Michael Dkhar, son of Agnes, for allegedly raping and killing a child. years old who happened to be on the second day of this month.
Shillong, July 16: Police of Laban Police Station have arrested two persons on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a woman in Laban which happened about two months ago.
The ANTF seized about 22 grams of heroin.
We will strive to achieve 100 % implementation of all houses in the state.
The union said that it has received complaints from the traders that the garbage has been collected for four days and when the union inquired, it was learned that the garbage has not been collected. it's because you don't know what you're doing.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance recorded 98.14%, TATA AIA Life Insurance 90.55%, HDFC Life 96.62% and Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance 96.62%. is 91.79%, Max Life Insurance is 95.90%, and SBI Life Insurance is 95.67%.
Police have arrested the vehicle after receiving a tip on the presence of a group of four persons, who were planning to smuggle the ksiah. the Gold.
“15 persons are required for the post of LD, 5 persons for LUD and 4 persons for Cashier,” said the DTO. The Government is still sending employees to other districts like Jowai and Bhoi.
He said that the NPP-led MDA government has deceived the people.
However, during the meeting with the Chief Minister, the discussion did not reach anywhere due to the lack of funds of the state government. The Chief Minister admitted that another Rs 100 crore is still needed to pay the salaries of the SSA teachers.
Here we see that the police are not protecting the law.
Their job will be to disseminate information related to the schemes of the central government and to bring awareness among the people that the BJP is not a party that hates Christians,” he said. Mawrie.
Release of funds to States/UTs as compensation for transportation within the States and part of ration shops for distribution of shana dai under PMGKAY and ANBThis year T.35.59 crore has been released to the States/UTs as compensation for intrastate transportation & administration costs, ration shops and Additional Margin Distribution through PoS for the distribution of shana dai under PMGKAY and the ANBKA CONSUMER TRAINING schemeThe Department of Consumer Affairs (DoCA) has implemented policies for the benefit of consumers and the general public, has strengthened consumer protection and training in this regard.
Speaking to reporters, Balse Kharbani, Secretary FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District, said that the FKJGP members have turned out today in several places. The market has raised flags on vehicles as a sign of condolence and expressed sorrow over the abduction of human lives in one of the villages in Mukroh bordering Assam in the incident on the 22nd of this month. moon.
The media should not expose these shortcomings.
“The Community Hall of the village has also been destroyed, so I have arranged with the Rangbah Shnong to provide accommodation for them”.
He said that the meeting discussed the needs to be prepared in the coming days as there is a forecast that the State will receive heavy rainfall.
They are (1) born teachers, (2) made teachers, and (3) forced teachers.
He said that the movement of these trucks on the road, not only damages the road, but also causes damage to the bridge at Lailad, as the union has received information that the Every night, there are many trucks passing through this road and this is one of the reasons, which has caused this road to deteriorate quickly and which has made it difficult for the people to use this road, especially eh who don't have a church.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have expressed their appreciation to the police of Jowai Police Station especially to the SP of West Jaintia Hills. HG Lyngdoh who took initiative to investigate into the misuse of public funds amounting to Rs 1.18 crore by the CEM JHADC, as well as registered a case against him. Madon Bai Rymbai (CEM of JHADC) along with seven provisions of the Act on his crimes of stealing money in the name of some people from his MDC Constituency and other acts of violence. and those who are against the law.
Regarding the health department, the PAC said that at Ganesh Das Hospital, all the medical equipment is sufficient to treat the mothers who come to give birth and those who give birth. come to treat the children in the hospital.
Under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and himself as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the government has been able to implement many of the measures. “It's really a change in the health of the state,” James said.
The letter also said that Kiang Nangbah College is a place and the government should withdraw the police from the place to avoid any unwanted incident inside the place of the college. .
Thank God for His Word that what is written in it, not one small letter will pass away! “Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away” Matthew 24:2
The Assistant Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, Bah Alprins Dkhar, said that the strike lasted for more than three hours until the company promised to stop the strike completely. The company has also promised not to allow garbage trucks to enter the plant. Speaking on behalf of the company, he said, “This is like this. The company has ruined the village and the DC's office has not done anything on this matter although the Dorbar Shnong has already sent a letter for more than 10 months, but it was only after it was revealed. The DC's office has informed and phoned the Waheh Shnong to come and inspect but on the day of the inspection, the guards did not come even to the DC's person. The General Secretary of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah D.Sumer said that the FKJGP has come together to support the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai. strongly opposes the introduction of garbage into the village and supports the demand to stop immediately the introduction of garbage into the village.
Is this the way we treat teachers,” said Mayralbon.
SBUK requests the support of our fellow citizens.
However, I cannot say that the elections are near or that the wind has come from other parts of India or that the elections are near. “This is a sad thing that has never happened in our state but now we see that these demands have started to come.
There are also families whose parents due to poverty have to buy only one mobile phone but they can study well and pass well in exams.
The BJP has also promised to appoint a high-level committee headed by a retired High Court judge to investigate the corruption and non-performance of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL). electricity supply shall be available for 24 hours.
Jowai, Naitung 8: The SP of WJH District, WJH District, on Tuesday announced that the PHC has been upgraded to a CHC. Trucks will not be allowed to travel from 9 am to 5 pm on the NH44 from Ummulong to Phramer on the 9th of this month.
The Association has also decided to provide a total of T.4000/- (Four thousand tyngka) to the participating groups.
Shillong, July 05: The Scheduled Caste Welfare Association (SWGHSCWA) has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma to allocate 5% quota for the Scheduled Castes in the state.
The union said that the daily gathering of people near the DC's office could spread the corona virus and this would pose a serious threat to the people and the area as a whole.
Not only that, he said that the closure of the courts on the activities of the tribal community in Meghalaya on one case after another, has raised doubts among those who have been more understand the nature of the people and the rights according to the customs and traditions on the land, if we cannot fight against the repeal of the NGT order through the law.
Regarding the shortage of electricity in these two areas, the residents urged the MePDCL department to fight hard for the provision of electricity in these two areas, so that the The people will no longer suffer from the increasing power outages.
The Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and other officials attended the meeting.
The 3rd of June is also World Press Freedom Day to remind the government to protect the rights of journalists.
The film is written by Marboon Laloo and Daohipaia Toi who are also producers/actors. The film is directed by Kiki Garod. juk not now.
Police suspect that this group is involved in the kidnapping of Damehipaia Papeng, 24, driver of a Tourist Alto who has been missing since the 10th and his body has been found today. Fulmoon Kharsahnoh, a tourist taxi driver (Swift) who went missing on the 16th and his body was found until the evening of the next day.
“The amendment was made by the Central Government on October 29, 2017 when the previous Government was in power but why didn't it act against it at that time”. said Conrad.
Shillong, July 28 (PIB): On the request of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to end the use of plastic by 2022, the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Government of India has introduced a Plastic Waste Management Amendment Rules, 2021, on 12th April, 2021.
“In fact, it was the CEM who urged me to take the NC, he told the media that Bah Shylla did not put a single motion, resolution or question, but wrote articles in the newspapers. “I have been looking for a place to put them but I haven't found a place. It's just a No Confidence Motion which I still have a place for. The CEM has invited me to bring the NC,” he said.
Even the issues of the Kharijan (Harijan) from Iewmawlong, the destruction of the border with Assam, the destruction of the Sengbhalang by the ILP and Khasi Language in the 8th Schedule, the illegal trade in coal, corruption in MePCL (Electricity) and many other issues may be just the work of the leaders of this MDA Government. It is, therefore, very serious for this statement made by the Chief Leader of the MDA Government. All groups or parties equally, depends on the training of the leaders.
Shillong: The polling for Williamnagar constituency will be held tomorrow 27th June 2018 at 52 polling stations.
Khliehriat, July 16: The VPP Narpuh Circle, through its President, Deiwi Tongper and the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle, have expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the Umkiang PP Police Station for their efforts. to rescue a child who was suspected of being kidnapped by a Dkhar Muslim, Farukh Uddin.
The question is whether Khasi will go to Garo Hills to apply for jobs and how many Khasi and Jaintia villagers will be in the districts in Garo Hills,” he said.
Shillong: The Association of Meghalaya Traders and Transporters (METRA) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to inform him of the situation of the dewbilat factories in Lum Jaintia Hills in the state.
He said that after six months he left the hospital, although the doctors have not released him.
He said that he started this medicine business at the age of 16 years and started helping those who came to call for help.
Those who leave Shillong no longer have to pass through Nongstoin, but through the Sohpian Bye Pass.
The Seng also congratulates the Seng Bhalang, various Sengs in the Bri U Hynniewtrep who have been with the Seng at all times, the children of the thousands of the Bri U Hynniewskum.
“This is no longer a campaign by us.
It is learned that the Punjabi family was not allowed to take the ball saying it was their house and at that time there was a heavy noise which caused the father and the children. neighbors don't want to fight.
The allegation came after the release of the NRC list on 31st July 2019, in which there are 19 lakh people whose names have not been included in the NRC list. has revoked the citizenship of 19 lakh people, the Commission said.
And thanks goes out to all of them.
Can't you switch back to the old or wet process?
Over 13 lakh children were spoken to in over 6000 schools across the country.
The ceremony was held at the Patharkhmah Dorbar Hall in the presence of Bah RC Thangkhiew, Vice President of HYC Ri-Bhoi District. the Patharkhmah Youth Club and others.
He also explained about his visit to Shella at the BJP meeting during the visit of the BJP Vice President, which was also a time when the teachers were on strike. He said that they allowed him to wear a jaiñ (with the BJP flag) but he refused. “I came here. I didn't come to join the BJP and I said if they force me to leave I will go back to Shillong.
The visit was led by Bah Paul Wahlang, President of HNYF, 20 Mer Circle, in the presence of Bah Iaineh Wahlang, Organizing Secretary of HNYF, Northern Region and many members of the HNYF. Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Wahlang, said that on this day, they have visited many places to mine Shyiap from the river, and found that many of these foreigners have not been able to They don't have proper documents, so in this regard, the union has strongly warned them to leave the area immediately.
High blood pressure is one of the most serious and life-threatening diseases.
The SMC Association has discussed the issue of mark percentage that the Government does not recognize those who are below 45% even though the Board or University has announced that the candidates have passed the examination. I would like to urge the Government to immediately pass a law that the Simple Pass in the Examination of candidates should reach 45% or above along with the Decl, B.Ed Certificate. put pressure on everyone.
Jowai, July 28: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
So, all these eye surgeries will start at 10 am.
The tournament will start from the 10th to the 12th of June.
He also urged the four Langdohs to complete the remaining tasks in the service with the cooperation of the Seiñraij in Jowai Elaka. He also informed that there are still some tasks that the Seiñraij still has to complete. in the coming days.
These include MGNREGS, CM-Elecvate, PRIME Program, FOCUS, FOCUS+, Mission in Agriculture, Meghalaya Grassroot Music Project, Chief Minister's Youth Centre, National Rural Livelihood Mission and Skill Meghalaya.
And what can you do? Why do you come bit? Who is the law that does not bite? When the longrynieng was received from the son(s) of Meikha! Is there any text to prove this? Our research began in the 1700 century with the Paduh Sahebs.
In addition, Hamas militants have kidnapped about 240 Israelis during the launch of their attack on Israel.
Jowai: An Assam Type tin house in Lapangap village has been set on fire by robbers suspected to be supporters of Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, INC candidate from 1-Nartiang Constituency.
The Punjab Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Department (PWDC) will provide more than 24,000 CRMs. ) Machine including 5,000 machines to store seeds or roots at a reasonable price to the farmers of the state for the coming harvest season.
It is to be recalled that the Ri War Mihngi Exporters' and Miners' Association (RIEA) has proposed the use of quarry slips and after the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) I. Warjri, has issued an order to implement them. slip quarry.
There are no choirs in the sky, Yei ood, from the country, night, step, day, night.
Speaking to reporters, the newly appointed DGP SK Jain said that the meeting discussed the situation on the border in these days especially after the incident of attacks in Dhaka and There have also been 13 Bangladeshis smuggled into the state in the past few days.
Hek said that for this reason, the state government has requested the Indian government to help or increase the price of T.150 per injection to other states. .
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Umdohlun Circle has strongly condemned the misleading people regarding the 68 kms Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road under the SARDP scheme. NE the Transports & Highways Department of the Central Government which was built not for the benefit of the people but to mine uranium.
Treilang Kyndait (10, 65) and Teibha Phawa (55) scored the goals.
However, Sawmer scored the third goal through Gamelial Kharlyngdoh in the 73rd minute.
Nongpoh, July 6: The Dorbar Shnong Mawleiñ Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the Seng Longkmie, Seng Samla and the VDP on the 2nd of this month seized tens of liters of illegal drugs sold by several shopkeepers in Umlaren.
A has 12 seconds in 25 seconds.
This was revealed at a public meeting held by the KSU on Thursday last month at Langpih Market, where the KSU said that according to the border talks, the On 29th November 2015, it was clear that the border between Assam and Meghalaya is at Kynphaduli village which has been confirmed according to proper documents.
Sources said that a meeting of senior leaders of the KSU was held at the headquarters of the KSU in Jaiaw today. The KSU has decided to discuss the arrest of the President of the KSU.
At the end of the meeting, one of the women of Seinraij Mynso, Synshar Passah, gave a speech of thanks.
Shillong, March 18: The Meghalaya Commercial Vehicles' Union (MCVU) has given 10 days to the government to take action against trucks coming from abroad. permit is not available.
The actions of these people yesterday have clearly shown their cruelty and lawlessness.
These 14 organizations have already sent their demands to the state government and Dr RC Laloo, Minister of Education on 14th November to submit their demands within 15 days. The government has not shown any sign on their demands for 15 days. They have held a public meeting today.
Rupang needs someone who can write Khasi to write news.
According to the villagers, the land owners are harassed by the BSF when they want to leave the fields, while the Bangladeshis are allowed to enter even after they have erected signs. Those BSF personnel at Sonapyrdi and on the border of Dona Umbluh and Ratacherra villages should be sent to the border to patrol and not on the National Highway.
He said the influx of foreign workers is a problem facing all countries.
WJH, who won the toss and elected to bat first, did not score well, scoring 116/9 from 40 overs.
The dead soil will not be able to feed the plants and the plants will not be able to feed us humans, the birds, the animals and the wild animals if the Earth is not cleansed. It is left alone without thinking how to take care of it and improve and improve it.
Hancock has resigned from the British government after being criticized by the people of the country for having an affair with his employee inside the office.
Surprisingly, in the same place, the Manufacturer & Supplier of Chana has another License which is still in force until 09/10/2019 in the name of Smt.
Earlier, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said that Bah Pynshngain used the money received from the central government to buy MDCs from the UDP and other parties.
It may be recalled that the blue color of the river has been turning since June 2007, and since that year it has continued to turn blue.
Why can't we hold on to that crown that was given to us in the past? There are many reasons and we have to look at them one by one.
The National Statistics Office (NSO) has announced the release of the GDP data for the Indian economy for the Q1 Quarter. .
Mistalin Mukhim received T.102000/- and Glora Dkhar received T.20,000/-. Karnel Thangkhiew from Nongpoh who was supposed to get a job in Indian Railways and from an unnamed young woman.
He said that the job of leader is not easy because the responsibility is heavy and he appealed to the people of the constituency to give their support to him especially to put in their prayers so that he can succeed. to better serve the needs of the people in the next five years.
He said that according to the government's decision to resolve only Khanduli and Psiar Sector first, the Sengbhalang and the people of Labang Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Elaka do not agree with the government's decision. They want only one thing: to bring Block I and II into Meghalaya.
Amanda Annette Pakyntein, wife of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Sports and Agriculture, will contest from Mawkynrew Constituency.
It is for this reason that the saying “Know Man Know God” comes from.
Before the year 1700 (Common Era), the Khasi Khara people were in peace and harmony, there was no disturbance in the religious, customs and traditions.
Therefore, we have decided to seek a reply from the Government of India,” said Dr Nonglait.
There have been 117 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Furthermore, Bah Adelbert said that the people are filled with anger and anger to see from one government to another government in power, but they have no signs of hope.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the drones have been taken from Andhra Pradesh with the assistance of the MBMA. The State has now decided to allocate funds to the Deputy Commissioners so that they can provide immediate assistance to those families affected by the disasters.
The training will continue today in Sohra after being held yesterday in Mairang and tomorrow in Nongstoin.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Co-ordination Committee of the two parties held today.
However, now the leaders of the state parties like the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and KHNAM are more in agreement.
In West Garo Hills, there are four cases including one soldier, one high rist, two cases from Tikrikilla, two cases from East Jaintia Hills, one high rist and one foreigner.
After ordering the journalists to turn off the camera, he started beating Ruhi and in parts of her tongue and neck until she was injured.
Taking action to follow all these rules will help to protect yourself, the elderly in your family, your children and others as well.
Because this land belongs to God, we cannot destroy or sell it.
The Village Authority conducts programs in the village to talk and discuss with the unemployed youth how to get jobs and how to stand on their own feet by inviting other skilled people to They also gave advice to the youth of the village.
He also reminded that our nation is a nation that is prominent in its morality but which has declined steadily with the passing of the days.
East Khasi Hills has recorded the highest number of cases with 109 cases and West Khasi Hills with
The meeting was led by HNYM President Bah Louis Dohtdong, Sengkmie in the presence of leaders of HNYM Ri Bhoi including Samla Shiningstar Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, Samla Robert Maring General Secretary and others. of that member.
When the Rympei is strong, the society is strong and when the society is strong, the country and the nation are strong.
You shall not drive them out at sunset.
These two roads were also constructed by the same company.
However, after the Governor continued his speech in Hindi, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Adelbert Nongrum, Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Heavingson Kharpran stood up to express their opposition. He said that if the Governor continues to speak in languages ​​they don't understand, they will leave the Legislative Assembly.
Besides, the Sohra MLA said that the government should have upgraded Laitlyngkot PHC to CHC in the name of former Chief Minister Bah BB Lyngdoh. village.
As usual, the last day of the Shad was held at the Seng Khasi Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong, where the Duhalia, took part in the playing of the lumpaid ksing. Rumnong, President of the Seng Khasi College/Chairman of the Publicity Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, took part in the meeting.
Good sleep is essential for memory function, so if you are a heavy drinker, you can drink less alcohol as a remedy for good sleep.
He said that the machine has been subsidized through the Central Scheme and the cost is T.11,500/- each while the beneficiaries will pay only 1500 tyngka each.
Furthermore, those with chronic diseases will be included under this scheme.
To date, 90 Capsule Courses have been conducted.
As for the animals, we can say that it is the cobra, python and others that are related and stir up the sight and the animals are not afraid to ride except one somewhere (in the proverb that saindur da longshwa we cannot say that animals and wild animals are the same).
The fact is that we have been able to spend double the money allocated for us on those schemes worth more than Rs 1,000 crore,” he said.
Bapu has many followers in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana.
The leaders of our country are now knieh shuki bd khwan selfet, they are bishni when they end up getting the muid to do it,, now it's too late to protect the country, when the ILP ksu tng syaid pla jar hba I'm sorry for myself now meeting2 thud I'm going to sleep and I'm going to get a pink coat song and song jar cut like that,,I'm a riew arsap riew bamduh suda.
In the first match of the tournament, Ri Bhoi won the toss and elected to wait and bat first and managed to score 125/4
However, she warned that the death toll will increase as the search and rescue teams, together with the follow-up dogs, continue to inspect and search these villages where hundreds of houses have been destroyed. as well as from vehicles on the roads and in the streets.
