The body should be kept only on the ground floor of the house and the coffin should not be opened and the body should be kept for 48 hours before burial. .
Independent candidate from North Shillong constituency, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew on Tuesday alleged that there was a distribution of money in front of a polling station in Oakland by leaders of a political party.
He said that if there is no foreign state in Meghalaya, the state will not be able to grow.
The new Education Policy (NEP) has been signed.
The parents of the strikers have expressed their anger at the government's failure to respond even after 18 days of strike by their children. .
“After the closure, we saw the activities of the people decreased significantly.
When asked about the joining of the BJP in Garo Hills, Zenith said, “We have our own count, we have our own strategy, we know how to fight against them. BJP's plan and we will win in
After this, he was angry with the action of the office but a friend of his, suggested to lodge a complaint through MIIS against the DTO employees. I received a call from the DTO office that my vehicle documents are ready and can be collected from the office.
However, the doctors who delivered the baby from Newcastle, North-East England, did not explain their inability to deliver the baby through the MDT method.
They said that many people have been arrested and most of them are drug addicts.
He hoped that the opening of this college by the Synod will bring great benefits to Nongstoiñ and the West Khasi Hills as a whole.
The founders think for the unborn.
Rahul Gandhi standing in a police vehicle in New Delhi.
“We feel that since the formation of the government, the Lamphang seat has belonged to the UDP,” said UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong after the meeting.
He was also involved in eradication activities in the area.
A silence was also held to express condolences to the families of those who died of the disease.
The SP said that Clarence has previous convictions for robbery.
The Registration Certificate must be renewed annually, which means it must be renewed 3 months before the end of the Registration for 2021, from 1st April each year.
Shillong, November 07 : The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHDCA) will hold the Girls Challengers Trophy for the Under 13 and Under 17 men's categories at the Seng Khasi School Ground Marbisu.
The MSCW is still operating without a Chairperson after Phidalia Toi.
The Meteorological Department has warned that tomorrow, there will be thunderstorms and heavy rain in parts of the state.
When examined closely, it can be seen and also found that the Khasi language is one of the richest languages ​​in the world.
These schemes should be abolished so that only the legislators can come out to protect the nation.
However, Bah Shangpliang is now ready to join the National People's Party (NPP) and there are rumors that he may be the party's candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections. Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will be elected next year.
The MLA also promised to help improve the road in the village especially as the village is a famous tourist destination.
It used to be the custom for children to sing on the streets especially when there were no pedestrians.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the plan of M/S Star Cement to hold a public hearing on the 21st of this month at the DC East Jaintia Hills.
Tyllang Junior beat Mawthungkper Sports Club 3-1 in the tie-breaker after the match ended in a draw. in the final which was held at Makrein Stadium, Mawsnapwir in West Khasi Hills.
However, they don't know that drugs make them slaves once they drink or inject them.
It is to be recalled that Bah George B.Lyngdoh, who was elected by the Congress party in Umroi, but the party leaders have not refused to strengthen the party even after the MLA has gone to re-join the party. you are the TMC Party.
The death toll in Spain in the past 24 hours has risen to 849, rising to 8,189 from 7,340 as of Sunday. .
Since the Congress government came to power in Madhya Pradesh, there has been a lot of criticism from the BJP over the dismissal of many government officials, but the dismissal of 46 ksew. , has further intensified the conflict between the two sides.
Former Chief Ministers of several states, including Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav, Nationalist Congress Party leader Sharad Pawar and Shiv Sena (UBT) leader Uddhav Thackeray will attend the meeting.
It is worth mentioning here that on November 13, 2001, the Parliament of India was attacked by terrorists, when five heavily armed terrorists attacked the Legislative Assembly of in India.
The officers also briefed the Minister on the many challenges they face, such as the lack of skilled staff, the delivery of adequate treatment to the difficult to reach areas, and the difficulty of dealing with the non-communicable diseases, such as smoking, alcohol abuse and others.
The collision occurred between two commercial vehicles, including a Tourist Taxi, Maruti Alto 800 (ML 05R-9108), driven by George Dohling and a Tata Nano. The number is ML 10A 7143, which was registered by Kyrshan Marwein.
Jahidul Islam Mirdha, arrested from Barpeta district in Assam, is a cashier of CFI. Police have seized T.1.50 lakh, four mobile phones and leaflets. of the Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) after investigating the arrest.
Speaking to reporters, the EE of PWD said that the reason for the failure to complete the work is due to the heavy rainfall and he has asked for another two years to complete the work. you're right.
Others are students of KJP Synod Sepngi Secondary School and Rev JJM Nicholsrot Secondary School.
He said that the examination questions were sold at a price between T.1000 – T.3000 and were paid through GPay, Paytm and others.
The incident happened two days after five policemen were shot dead by the GNLA. The source said that the shooting death of the two soldiers was exactly the same as the incident. In another incident, five state policemen were shot dead by the GNLA in South Garo Hills. In another incident, BSF troops said that on Friday night, Police have seized several firearms from South Garo Hills including a 9 mm carbine machine, a 7.65 mm pistol made in Italy, a 7.65 mm pistol made in China and bullets. A wireless set, two mobile phones, sports shoes and other items were seized from Angratoli forest.
Shillong: Although the incident has been going on for less than two months, the family of Bah Krujunelang Khongjirem, has not received any assistance from the state government or the company except for the help of friends.
At the same time, the party expresses its gratitude and special congratulations to Kyrmen Shylla MLA, who has donated foodgrains to various villages in the border area including Lakadong Ummat, Ladlakadong, Lakadong Umlatdoh, Umlyngsha, Bataw, Pynurkba, Iapmala and other villages in Khliehriat constituency.
After the prayer by Asst Professor Bonnie Nicol, Asst Professor Fabian Marbaniang gave a talk about the school.
Shillong: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Shillong, was asked whether he is ready to contest the MP election 2019, but the Pastor's answer was, “Ask after two months”.
The Election Commission of India, for the first time, has suspended the Lok Sabha elections in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, on allegations of money laundering and has also reduced the polling time in West Bengal by 19 hours. The incident resulted in shooting and injury.
It is not only our lifestyle that can reduce this incidence but the best way to fight against this disease is through early detection.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the jhur traders to refrain from importing jhur from Assam and to fight for the marketing of agricultural products from the state.
However, when the foreigners saw that there was no god as they had thought, they turned to chess to ask what had happened.
Shillong: U Sanbor Shullai, MLA of South Shillong, today said that the KSU's protest against the naming of Zizag Road as Ardendhu Choudhuri Road is unfounded. it's just a political desire.
The only thing this dog lacks or cannot have is freedom.
The fighting took place in the birthplace of the late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, where the decision was taken by Iraq's prime minister. in which he ordered the soldiers as well as the Shitte soldiers, not to touch the civilians.
Those who are traditional religious do not have any restrictions on marriage.
The KSU said that if this is not the illegal entry of foreigners without proper documents, what else is it? The union also said that the entry of such people into the state is mostly through the borders of Assam.
Secy Sherborn Shabong, Edu.
Therefore, regarding the incident and the presence of Lehnoh groups in the Warmawsaw area, the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that the police will conduct an investigation, so that that the facts will be revealed.
Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks came a day after the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, accused Dr Mukul Sangma regarding the list of villages in Assam. Assam in 2011 by Dr Mukul Sangma gave only 23 disputed villages and through talks Meghalaya has received 21 out of these
The National People's Party (NPP) Mawthadraishan Circle on Tuesday held a public meeting at Kynshi Bangla Square in which thousands of supporters of the party from different villages in the constituency flocked to the party. The meeting was held to witness and listen to the speeches of Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait, the candidate from this constituency for the 2023 elections.
“Every year I have attended many Graduations and Convocations as Minister of Education where 18,000,000 to 20,000,000 graduates and Post-graduates have attended. every year.
And all these things work according to the law and accomplish only in the flesh.
The names of leaders from other parties who have joined the HSPDP, including Mikstar Marngar, former president of the Mawthadraishan Block Congress Committee, Peter Marweiñ, president of the UDP, were announced at the meeting. Parïong area and others including the Women Wing and Youth Wing.
“They may be in power, do they have the responsibility? We are the representatives of the people.
The court also said that due to the lack of employment opportunities and in the name of promoting tourism, the natural beauty of the State should not be damaged and that the State should do something about it. this problem.
Bah Synrem said that in fact, the dismissal of these employees has been going on since last month but because there is a lack of documents whether there is an order from the government to dismiss these employees. There are 27 employees who have been dismissed. When they inquired, they said that there is no such thing.
He said that during the inspection, one Kong came out and the next day another Kong came out and he said that dozens more Kong will come out.
While they were drinking, they began to talk about this and that.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, 1st November, 2023 at his office in Mawlai Nongpdeng, Bah Sawkmie expressed his concern for the ASHAs of MAWU.
If the Governor does not sign the Ordinance, there will be a serious threat to the MLAs who hold the post of Parliamentary Secretaries in the MUA-II government if they are employed under the Nomination Act.
Replying to a question by the Minister of Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, the Syiem said that so far the regional committees of Meghalaya and Assam have not visited those places. why not refuse.
Foods you need to eat and avoid for blood pressure health.
That drive paved the way for her to join Amazon’s truck driving team where she’s been working for about ten years now.
This indiscriminate violence against the workers has caused a lot of unrest among the workers but the Bapli did not dare to stand against the French.
According to Conrad, Dr. Chuba Ao's statement is a personal statement and not a party statement. the voice of the party together with its MLAs.
Referring to the death of Dolloi Beringson Khongwang, the JHADC has appointed Ma Kalbin Syngkrem as the interim Dolloi.
The Mylliem MDC said that the Council should look into how to issue trading licenses to some people who can benefit not only the people but also the development of the country. revenue of the council and the state.
At last the joint experiments brought success on the international stage.
Harvis said this while talking to reporters at Central Café, Lathadlaboh, Jowai in the presence of General Secretary Jolby Sana, Bewill Shylla Adviser, Helping Phawa Adviser and Joining. R Dkhar Assistant General Secretary, Ma Jointly Ksoo Finance Secretary and Ma Poli Sana Assistant General Secretary.
“If we can amend the Reservation Policy, we can also amend the Roster, so we need to amend the Reservation Policy first,” said Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
We congratulate the people and we promise to ensure that this will not happen again in the future and we will try to meet the needs of the people,” said the Deputy Chief Minister.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Wapung Unit has admitted that it has found that Pamrapaithlu PHC is ready to fight against COVID-19 and according to the capacity of the PHC. Services to the villages like Wapungskur, Wapung Shnong, Pamrakmai, Iongkaluh, Mookhep, Ladrymbai and others have been prepared from all sides to meet the needs of the health centre.
“He said that the talks to change the Government are only talks up and down with the party as the decision and promise to cooperate in the past five years in the MDA I and this time in the MDA I. MDA-II also the UDP has joined hands to bring stability to the Government with the expectation that it will do development works and if it does not cooperate it will lead to a slow decline.
Another flood in Bagipul area near Prashar Lake has stranded more than 200 people near the Baggi Bridge on the Mandi-Prashar road.
Four more persons from Assam, who are currently in Delhi to attend the Nizamuddin funeral, have tested positive.
The Congress in the Opposition has expressed its satisfaction after the meeting of the political parties to discuss the Roster System.
Speaking at the rally, Amit Shah said that the BJP will get another chance to hold power after the Lok Sabha elections in .
On the opening day, there were only a few participants with the sound of ksing, bombs and tangmuri, but it was a peaceful one.
During the programme, Dr K Venkata Rao gave a special thanks to these khiew makers and expressed their gratitude for the need to improve the skills and training they have received through this 10 year training programme. skip.
The robbers also destroyed the slasha trees in the area.
Up to 32 teams have taken part in the 1st Mawlai Knockout Football Tournament.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that his refusal to attend the 50th Anniversary of the State is because he has a spirit of concern for the future of the future generations.
The doctor at OT tried to remove the thyrnia, but could not remove it and due to lack of adequate equipment, the woman was sent to NEIGRIHMS. The torti is wrong, because there is a cut of the thyrnia, but the cut does not happen immediately.
Although you have not reached the goal now, I sincerely hope that one day you will bring the trophy of victory.
Exercise : Exercise and physical activity release endorphins or hormones that can bring happiness.
The Government of Assam and Meghalaya on 30th November, 2023 have decided to hand over the investigation into the incident in Mukroh to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Book Grants are schemes that remain in dreams.
According to the report, Conrad alleged that the government has not provided the UC with the implementation of the scheme which has led to the seizure of up to T.300 crore from the central government.
The WHO's advice comes after the outbreak of COVID-19 in countries around the world such as Singapore with a new case known as JN. Omicron Sub-variant BA.2.86.
For the first time, indigenous youth from 16 states and 25 indigenous groups have benefited from this scholarship.
However, the Department of Agriculture knows and takes care only of those broiler and curoiler farmers, because the farmers of those breeds of chickens have to buy seeds from them. Agents who have been involved and connected with the government farms, but the Khasi (Local chicken) farmers have not yet been recognized by the government as farmers.
Shillong: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) under the banner of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCCEU) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister's Office. Sangma, to ask for clarification whether the government will expedite the implementation of the joint venture or pay the remaining money and close down the factory (golden handshake).
The whole earth was filled with people.
Resource persons from the Art of Living Foundation, Shillong, Ashim Bhatacharjee and Sujit Chakraborty also came to demonstrate how to do Yoga with the help of Master Trainers of the organization and Students from Pahsyntiew Memorial Secondary School and students from Nongkrem Government Upper Primary School who came to receive training under the training of the Art of Living Foundation.
Although at that time there were many prisoners who did not arrest the French, it cannot be expected that there would be no arrests on Tirot Sing Syiem, especially since he was a government prisoner who had been imprisoned. for the sake of fighting against the Bilat government.
This statement of the MP has caused a lot of confusion among the people especially those who lack knowledge.
The beef vendors have stopped cutting beef for two months since the 18th of July and have announced that they will reopen from the 4th of this month.
The winner of the tournament was Kendriya Vidyalaya, Happy Valley, Shillong.
The building has also gone through litigation with the two companies that have taken the contract to build it.
Why do they delay in arresting the murderers?
The management of the Red Ribbon Club Festival, also awarded prizes to the winners of the competitions and said that those youths who took part in the Red Ribbon Club Festival who won the competitions They will lead and take part in the upcoming State Level Red Ribbon Club.
“Peter, if you want to sum, you don't have the sum of water that your sister has brought,” said the mother. I sat down and watched TV again.
Hamlet said the government knows that the people have the rights and in order to know the problems of those who sell on the streets and sidewalks we want to take measures that will not affect the people. the right thing to do in the church.
On the same day, the Notification was also read by Jt.
“The Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) on 29th June, 2016 has completed its duty and what remains now is for the Chief Minister to convene a Cabinet meeting to approve the request. DSEL, which JACATAM has approved,” said Bah Shadap.
The children who will compete in Table Tennis are Diva Tang, Anshruta Nag, Ridhima Dhar, Steppingstone Lyngdoh, Labeeb F. Ahmed, Kapil Biswakarma, Azel Jonan M. Marak and Vibek Hajong.
VPP leaders who attended the ceremony included Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Mawryngkneng MLA Heving Stone Kharpran and others. party.
The National Lawn Bowling Championship was held in Guwahati with the participation of 16 states from different states.
I tell you your name.
The union has questioned some of the drivers of heavy vehicles and showed them the challans issued by the government. permission to carry only 12 tons of coal.
India exported pesticides worth $17.6 billion in 2022-23 against $17 billion in 2021-2
So the cows are afraid and cold to tell them to go back to Jerusalem.
In Serie A, Juventus drew 2-2 with Atalanta, with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring late on.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The 178th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, a freedom fighter, will be commemorated on the 17th of this month at the Nongkhlaw Stadium.
After the 4th Temple is built, there will be a meeting of the Israelites on Mount Zion.
These days it has become very difficult to enter the market because all the streets have been overcrowded by the vendors and the market has become crowded and no longer a clean and tidy market.
De said many of the major projects to be implemented in the North East have been completed connecting the capitals of states including Sikkim, Mizoram, Manipur and Nagaland.
People who yearn for teachings, especially from God's Word, are not confused in their minds or lives.
The handover ceremony was attended by the Vice President of FKJGP, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang in the presence of the President, Bah Lui Star Lyngdoh, Senior Vice President, Bah Lui Star Lyngdoh. Lumlang Mawnai, General Secretary, Rangbah Shnong of 15mer, Elin Suting, Pastor Kordor Swer and including women, youth organizations and members of FKJGP leadership from Ri Bhoi District and Byrnihat Circle. .
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District regarding the illegal operation of foreign trucks in War Jaintia District.
When you praise them, they are not proud, and when you speak evil of them, they are not ashamed.
It is very difficult especially for the villagers who earn their living day and night to get money in such difficult times to buy food, pay school fees or buy mobile phones. iu laughed.
The allocation was only Rs 700 crore per annum and now it has increased to Rs 800 crore,” Muivah said.
According to police sources, the incident happened on the evening of November 3, 2023 at around 4:15 pm when a KTM (KTM) number AS01- MB-5259 driven by Nangpyndapbor Kharlyngdoh and his friend were on their way from Mawkyrwat to Nonglang.
DAWKI : Bangladeshis have attacked and looted a house in Amdoh, Rongtilla Border Out Post, 5 KM from Dawki. This is the most famous village in War Jaintia.
They continued to talk on the same subject, until they were about to leave.
Police have received video footage from CCTV cameras installed at the house and John was seen coming with the knife and John was shot and tied. After that he warned the man not to come to his wife again and then he left the house and fled the house.
In khadar rule, too, problems arise and wars can break out if one group or authority imposes its ideas on others.
Although reports have spread rapidly in recent days that two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have joined the NPP, the President of the NPP Meghalaya Dr.WR Kharlukhi has not received any information.
The rules for elders (another word for judges – Bishop, Pastor) are detailed in I Tim 3:1-7 and Titus 1:5-9
"He went out and immediately said to his son, 'To Papa.
He recalled that the shooting death of four Khasi elders in Langpih on 14th June 2010, was during the tenure of these two Prime Ministers.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Lahkmen Rymbui, two opposition leaders Charles Pyngrope of the AITC and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh of the Congress. .
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the total number of active cases in the state is
The room on the train I was on had changed.
That is a happy and hopeful future.
On this occasion, there were also exhibitions and sales of Dohkha species from all over the state which the people have raised with the assistance of the Dohkha Department.
I also advise the church workers such as pastors, priests, sisters...who are just waiting for food from the church members to start preparing their hands in the fields.
The state government through the district authorities of West Khasi Hills has started to demolish the illegal coal burning factories in Shallang area from Saturday after the occasional incident at Meghalaya High. Court.
The five leaders of the PDF who have left include Shanbor Rymbai, Working President, Sevenmyson Pasleiñ, General Secretary, Albinus Lamurong, Organizing Secretary, Shiruphi Tangliang, Assistant Secretary, Emir Tangliang, Sport Secretary, Jerynemon Suja, Adviser, Special Latam and one member, H. Nongsiej.
One of the most important ways to do this is the first visit to the family, where parents have to take a great responsibility for this, because most of the time that children spend spend time with your parents.
KSU NKHEA President Banjop Maring has alleged that Assam has shown its force in July, 2016 by setting up a Border Out Post at Sabuda village at the headquarters of its battalions.
The UDP Youth Wing also expressed doubts whether the Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS), which have laid the foundation stone in many places, will become like these buildings and will become only buildings. a half-joy to the masses of the church.
Speaking to media, HYC North West Circle President Joplang Kharnaior said that through the government's announcement, the HYC expresses its gratitude to the two MLAs. They have worked hard to establish the new District which will open on the 10th of this month.
Why don't you allow Labor Unions to form units?
it is the people who do not understand.
Other BJP members from different districts were also present.
The VPP office bearers from North Shillong are also waiting for the decision of the incumbent MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to take a decision.
The resort is also located between the highway connecting Celaya and Queretaro.
The actress, who has acted in three blockbuster films including Gangubai Kathiawadi, RRR and Brahmastra, has received praise from many after being announced as one of the cast members. Impactful Women of 2023 and this is also a great honor for the country as a whole.
In the religious thought of the Khasi, it is difficult to change religion because the religion of any kur cannot be changed or sent.
The scheme was launched to benefit 10,000 poor farmers and to increase the production of pork and beef in the state.
The KSU demands that Lafarge should employ 29 men and 4 women and that women should be employed at the Lafarge office at Polo Towers.
She said the government should also provide assistance such as schemes, to enact laws including safety and also laws relating to employees and employers. that there may be a knowledge among them.
The villages that rely on the Jio network include Umsatai to Kwator-Borgkhat and even the border villages like Pyrsadwar, Hingaria still rely on the tower inside Lama.
No corruption? I'm going to the crowd.
Denis Lyngkhoi said that when Indira refused to give the full state, Hoping took a seat and wanted to defeat Indira. BB Lyngdoh, followed Hoping and said, “Maram te maram, like Elizabeth, the second of the world, you show so much stupidity?” and it is true, in that case. Hoping will be expelled from the APHLC. Lyngkhoi said that at the time of Indira's visit, In Shillong, the people, who raised their flags, marched from Umdiengpun, where there were three lines of people, who raised their flags, along the road to Madan Kyrkit.
However, the Congress has welcomed the bill, which was passed by President Pranab Mukherjee.
“We have sold all the food items inside the shop, because we just opened at about 8 pm and until 1 pm we started selling, but the police came to blow up bombs”.
“Besides demanding the resignation of Rohit Prasad, the JAC also demands the implementation of the demands of the students and teachers of the university,” said Prof Kma.
“Even the Minister of State, Bah Comingone Ymbon, has resigned and this shows that there is no smooth running between the government and the Congress,” he said.
"The meeting was held at Yojana Bhawan, in the presence of the Chief Minister, Symbud Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Government Minister AL Hek, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Chief Officers, members of Dorbar Shnongs and leaders from community organizations.
The Chief Minister on Tuesday held a meeting at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khlieh Riat together with the district officers to discuss the situation in the district due to the heavy rainfall.
The protest was to demand that the government should increase the deficit status of all the 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in the state.
I was told about this man's death.
In another order, the houses of Gopal Thapa, Laxmi Sunar, Roma Devkota, Pooja Thapa and Nimmi Chettri at Nepali Compound, Rilbong have been sealed. since yesterday.
Shillong, July 18: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today decided to strike from Tuesday for three days. They protested against the lack of salary for six months.
At the same time, it will also encourage the parking of vehicles in parking lots along with valuable items such as Lab Tops and Mobiles and other items that have been paid for by thieves and robbers. You can't see anything inside the car.
The bridge connects from Weiloi to Nongjri Borsora and Maheshkhola villages on the border with Garo Hills.
This shows the pride of Meghalaya in the country while reflecting the rich culture of the state.
These women who took over the position of RBYF Women's Wing Byrnihat Circle include the elected President, Vice President, Barisha Lapang, General Secretary, Maryrose Makri and Assistant Secretary. and other leaders and members of the Women's Wing who will take over the responsibility.
Shillong, Lber 03: Three government vehicles and one private vehicle were destroyed after a mob threw stones at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in Shillong. 2 October, 2023.
Then another old man said, “.
He said that this visit has encouraged and encouraged the youth.
“Ho-oid, I don't miss you,” said Hiram.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Although there has been a lot of talk from time to time on the part of the Congress party, which has claimed that there has been no conflict within the party, according to information received. In the past few days, the party has learned that the fighting has intensified and more and more Congress MLAs have come to Delhi to raise their voices. The Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, accompanied by Prestone Tynsong, Minister of C&RD, today left for Delhi to meet with the AICC leaders. On the other hand, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA Mylliem, who is also the Chief Whip of the Government, Kennedy Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, Lapang and Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, MLA, Mylliem. Mawsynram, who is the CEM, has been sent to Delhi.
When asked by Rupang whether he has ever called to discuss the ILP, James said, “There is no such thing”.
The Nongstoin Social Service Society (NSSS), one of the NGOs in Meghalaya, has received the Mahaveer Award presented by the Bhagwan Mahaveer Foundation, Chennai.
How about the school children who live in the house...?How do we the students have to pay for the house?
The Director of Meghalaya, Kong Isawanda Laloo, IAS, said that the Meghalaya government relies on the youth and youth groups of Meghalaya to take responsibility for these efforts. everything.
In this regard, the Seng has decided to meet with the NHAI authorities to demand that the bridge should be repaired or redesigned, so that it will be safe for the traffic.
This happened at about 2.35 pm.
The Ministry of Forestry and Environment, Shillong, in collaboration with the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board, on 2nd June, 2024, conducted the Asian Waterbird Census, Summary of the number of aquatic birds including Umsaw, Umbir, Umniuh, Mawlyndep and Umiam including the wetlands of the Umiam River, Ri-Bhoi District, Meghalaya with the support and advice of experts in this direction.
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said seven new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in Kerala to
He said it was seen that the Prime Minister had said that a Review Committee could be set up on the Roster but many of the Village Authorities have not yet understood this and they need to get clarity first.
However, there are young men who have married a woman and married her even at a young age, perhaps even under 21 years of age (according to the Government law for a man to marry). ), but because he had a wife and children, they reached the rank of Rangbah and were called Rangbah.
We make it clear that as a nation we cannot stand on this issue to destroy the power of our Dorbar Trai Ri.
—"Testimonies for the Church," Vol.2.
Once again, I wish you all a Happy Independence Day.
On the other hand, the Director of the department, Ambrose Marak, said that he cannot say anything on this as he is still waiting for the reply.
One government after another has come and gone without being able to achieve this, the reason is unknown, but the fact remains that the leaders of the previous government have shown that they are not able to achieve this. think about this matter.
Among the basic needs of trees, it is sad to see the widespread destruction of them and the forests by the enemy in these dry seasons by people who have no responsibility for the future. son of man.
He said that our country is fortunate that there are young people in the country who speak for the cause of the country and the nation.
Balsan's mother's lawyer Sujit Dey said the West Garo District administration has refused to provide the post mortem report and death certificate to Balsan's mother despite her repeated requests. .
Speaking to reporters at the Secretariat, after the opening of the Cabinet Meeting, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken many measures as a matter of concern. You have been arrested in the state.
His hands and feet were cut off and thrown into a fence set up by the police at the scene of the farmers' protest.
She expressed her concern over the delay in starting the work of the NST and said that if the New Shillong City can be created, it will help to relieve the congestion from the old city but this project is delayed. for they were exceedingly afraid of the people.
Lawkyntang is also a place that has attracted tourists from all over the world as well as researchers.
The JSU urged all the people to cooperate at this time and to respect the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to avoid the spread of COVID-19 and to avoid the long lockdown.
“He said that this is the first phase and after this other buildings will follow for the purpose of the Legislative Assembly such as the office for the staff, the hostel for the MLAs. , staff and preparation The total cost will be T.500 crore once completed.
When I was an MLA, I worked better than others, whether it was on the road or any other development work.
The Nongwai also complained that when the vehicles break down it is difficult to get spare parts as no one sells them in the shops.
The Government will take a decision on this matter.
The San Shnong Development Organization has warned against trucks carrying excessive crossing through this bridge and said that if found, the union will take strong action and hand over to the law enforcement authorities.
Mamata said there were 12,000 farmers who committed suicide under the Modi government, while in Bengal, farmers' income has increased by three percent under the TMC government. The Congress has accused the Election Commission of Rs 1.8 crore from vehicles on Tuesday night in Arunachal Pradesh. and Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh.
Rapid swab tests were conducted on these 128 people and out of these 128 dogs, 24 people have been confirmed positive for covid
In the semi final between Mawkyrwat Veteran and Umsaw FC.
The distance from Mawpyllun to Nolikata under Ranikor is only about a walk from Sawlad Madan Rting to Motphran.
WA Sangma and Brington Buhai Lyngdoh have accepted the Autonomous State while other APHLC leaders under the leadership of Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait have not accepted the Autonomous State.
“Instead of honoring me, they tortured me,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said he will not turn away from the party which has given him victory and which has brought him to the post of Minister in the government.
Because in the middle of the game between them, they threatened each other if anyone among them dared to ring the bell of the house.
Bad MCQs are from class12 syllabus.
When he has finished, the head of the Blang is given to the Sohblei and the suit is placed on the altar.
His contribution is indeed commendable as his educational offerings have helped students achieve success.
They said that they intended to leave for Shillong and did not claim to be telecom employees. The members of the union immediately informed the Umsning Police Station to take necessary action. to return these foreigners to their place of origin.
On the other hand, the DCs said that one power outage has occurred in East Khasi Hills and another in South Garo Hills.
Ritambhara Mehta, in charge of the hospital, said she was not aware of the arrangement to hold puja at the hospital.
These families have been waiting and receiving the bodies of their loved ones for more than four months since the tragic incident which claimed the lives of more than 300 people.
If you have a firm decision many ways are opened to reach your dreams in life.
The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM-KC) has expressed its opposition to the proposal of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to hold a public hearing to increase the mining of Star Cement Lumshnong at Brishyrnot village. The union is concerned that the Lukha and Lunar rivers will not be destroyed because the mine in Brishyrnot is not far from these rivers.
Your contribution to the organization is very valuable.
We cannot provide from ourselves (from our state).
Speaking at the meeting, Nitin Gadkari, Union Minister of Roads, Transport and National Highways, India, first of all expressed his appreciation for the opportunity to visit this forested area. beautiful fields and a clean air.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has urged the residents of the state to take action to follow the government's directives and to get vaccinated in order to curb the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
Not only that, the responsibility to take care of the body, to rejuvenate the face is something that is beginning to develop in men and this is good for them.
Through this inspection by Dasakhiatbha Lamare, the village leaders and the people were very happy, because the MLA himself has come to inspect, in order to understand the problems of the people living on the border, whether it is in terms of roads, economic development and development in many areas.
“The Government will build various Rehabilitation Centers and Detoxification Centers and NGOs will receive financial support to provide treatment and reach out to drug users in the State,” he said.
The reason for all this is that the government authorities in the ADCs are weak, lacking in many areas, especially in terms of knowledge of the laws and regulations and how to apply them over time. .
When asked about the VPP's demand to suspend the call for applications and recruitment while the Reservation Policy has not been revised, the Minister said that to suspend the recruitment will be it is not faithful.
The union said it will continue to talk to NEHU and if necessary, to the Government to resolve the outstanding issues.
“After seeing the allegations in the media, the party higher-ups have ordered the Governor to resign and he has sent his resignation letter on the 26th of this month. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Shibun.
It also set out to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) set by the United Nations (UN).
Former President Ernest Mawrie will also be present on the occasion along with other BJP office bearers. Akhil Ahmed was arrested on Wednesday.
New Delhi: The court cannot be challenged, openly or secretly, by the House or the government, because if it does, it shows that the trial will have no meaning, he said. NV Ramana, Chief Justice of India, warned the judges not to be misled by various comments on social media.
“The HNLC's opposition to the India Day is that the Government of Hindustan has illegally celebrated this day within the borders of our country.
To know, know and understand God means to receive translation from God Himself.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Shikur are blood relatives and the 'lei longkur long jait covers them.
Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Tuesday evening turned to Sadar Police Station after a member of the HYC was abducted by the CRPF while searching for drugs in Khyndai Lad area.
The decision of the 60 MLAs of Meghalaya to demand the implementation of the ILP has come to a halt.
This year, it is the fourth time that the Committee on the Poorest of the Poor under the leadership of Bah Jied Kurbah as Chairman and Babu Kular Khongjirem as Secretary in collaboration with the office of the newspaper Rupang.
Most of the residents earn their living by earning a living, to feed their families, to buy various necessities.
In a statement, the Presidents of the JYF, Bah PL Majaw and Bah RN Parien, JSU concluded that the JSU and JYF stand firmly on the basis of demanding ILP in accordance with the Eastern Bengal and Frontier Regulation .
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Shillong Sports Association's Women's League match between the teams of Group A was resumed on Tuesday. Laitkor SC beat Kick Start Football Coaching Center 7-0 in the first leg, while PFR beat their opponents 7-0 in the first match. Football Academy beat Lawei Smit SC 4-1 in the second leg. With this victory, both Laitkor and PFR have improved 9 points from three games. Laitkor have scored the most goals, a difference of +29 to +2
At present, only a few people have landlines except for government offices.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle on Tuesday; President Balawan Suchiang and General Secretary Peter Ram Sutnga have met with the Branch Manager of the Bank to explain why the bank does not require Aadhaar when residents intend to open accounts. There is no need for Aadhaar in banks.
Aashish K Lohar scored 48 off 21 runs (without losing a wicket) including five fours and four sixes.
Those who drink are free from the risk of corona,” she said.
After receiving a tip from the residents on Tuesday, the fire brigade and police immediately rushed to the scene. They went to look for the body but could not find it because of the flooding of the dam.
The JSM Laskein Circle has donated foodgrains and money to a family whose rice fields were burnt down in Thadmuthlong B village, West Jaintia Hills District.
In Ialong there are three villages under the Ialong Seinraij and these include Ialong, Wahiajer and Nongkhyllep.
Arti Kyndiah and Jan Phawa came to the house and cooked jajew, pachor and shriew.
The Minister of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that all the works have been completed for the construction of the road which will cost up to Rs 600 crore. 1,200 crore which has not been received.
Dr Mukul recalled the firm stand of Dr Donkupar who never wanted to change the government just for political reasons but thought about the state and development.
The report has been submitted to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills through the PI Court Jowai to implement Section 107/145 CrPC to arrest both the cases in order to maintain peace and order in the area.
Regarding this finding, the HYC urged the District Council through the market department to visit this place to clean up and fill the shortcomings that the market dwellers need due to the collection of taxes from them. At the same time, the union urges the market dwellers not to throw garbage, or to clean up without finding it so that the market will be clean and if the union finds The Environment Secretary of the party, Bah Jimmy Tariang, said that the party will take strong action against those who violate the rules.
He said that the sad thing is that although the disease has already been declared a nationwide disease, the problem is that the government has not allocated funds and officers. in the districts to appoint staff and as of now there is a shortage of staff to fight against this COVID-19 pandemic.
The truck was registered as No.RJ-23-GA-5
“All these, from milk to various types of milk, have been imported from abroad which means that thousands of crores of rupees have been spent abroad to buy food items for daily consumption.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, in his speech, thanked the State Government for continuing to provide financial support to this program and also through the assistance of the Government through scholarships for the players of the State winners of medals in various sports.
As the days go by, we see more and more young people who have dropped out of school for a while.
Jowai, June 22: The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) on Tuesday morning visited Iawmusiang to clean up the garbage which has been collected for many months. This is because the JMB has not yet received a proper garbage dump.
It is learned that the troops, suspected that these people were like insurgents and opened fire on them.
Speaking to media after the meeting which was attended by all the political parties in the Committee, Kong Ampareen said the Committee has had the opportunity to discuss with the political parties. The meeting was attended by the Garo National Council led by its leader through video conference.
He said he had requested RTI from the Ministry of Corporate Affairs regarding the suspension of the company which is constructing the road from Umshyrpi to Mylliem.
Therefore, the union requests the government to take action against these problems.
However, this legislation will seriously affect the trade and income through cattle slaughter in the State, by imposing strict rules and heavy fines on violators.
Speaking to media, AKMTA President Bah Ricaldinus Dohling admitted that without any protection, tourist vehicles coming from outside the state especially from Assam have stolen the license plates of the drivers. The state has been earning tourists especially to Sohra and Dawki.
According to a statement from the GBC, the Garo language and literature has changed since ancient times and there are about 1.5 million people in the North East and in five districts. of Meghalaya.
“When these people are arrested, they call the Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong and when they come they have to be witnesses, and when they reach the court it takes years to complete,” he said.
Furthermore, they alleged that in these areas where the soil has been destroyed, there are no trees but only old forests.
We cannot just sit back and wait all the time, and we have to look at the situation.
The Rules, 2017 provide for the establishment of a District Mineral Foundation for the benefit of the people and areas affected by mining.
The rightful youths don't get jobs at all, because they don't recognize and get close to the people in power. to help them.
Shillong: The issue of convenience food has begun to emerge in India.
Another sad thing is that the people who pass through the NH 44(E), until these days, still have the same thoughts as shrieh, because when the government and the road construction company has They put signs on the roadsides, but after a few days they were destroyed and some of them were thrown into the forest.
If the Government does not see and take action on this issue which we have raised before the MP elections, we as the village will not take part,” said Bah Shullai.
Prestone Tynsong said the state government has sent a Village Help Team to each village to check the residents for signs of the disease. Covid-19.
The Seng does not understand why the thew place has not sent down those trucks carrying too much stone, if it is so good to remove the thew place in Sohkha by the Government. .
Hopefully they will keep this decision to set an example that changing parties at will is not the case.
He said that the allegations of other parties against the BJP are unacceptable. “Because just for the actions of one person, you blame everyone. What is the basis for your question? They accused the BJP of attacking Christians in Chattisgarh. Isn't it the Congress party that has been in power in Chattisgarh?
The meeting elected Bah Tharon Khongstid as Chairman and Babu Kular Khongjirem as Convenor-cum-Secretary.
Meghalaya and Assam have resolved six border disputes in the first phase and are now in the second phase of resolving the border dispute.
On the part of the Executive Engineer of PWD Khliehriat, he promised to take care of this work as much as possible and after that workers will be sent to clean up the ground for the convenience of the people. comes.
Selles, who has already taken over the same position, including for Greece, Azerbaijan and Denmark, has recently announced his desire to become a player. manager of the club as the permanent manager of any sports team that qualifies him for appointment.
After the CFC has been running for a while, Auspicious said that they need to bring in another political party which will have only people who have this goal to work for the country and He said that the idea of ​​forming the PDF came back. According to the PDF leader, it is understood that the current leaders may be only for a while, but the leading leadership position will be taken over by politically experienced people who will become the icons of the party.
It is at such tournaments that a special opportunity should be given to them,” said one of the mothers who attended the tournament in traditional costume.
On the demand of many to video record the interview, he said, “This is the part where we have already stated that there should be a transparent and fair process.
The entry fee is 2000 and the closing date for receipt of entry is 13/5/2
To provide for the needs of the household, My head often rises, Because my plate is stang, Don't feed yourself.
The music was composed by Ram Suchiang.
On this occasion, NES, AIR organized an exhibition of various cultures of the North East and distributed awards to the contributors.
Nongpoh: After one of the employees of the Amjong Sub-Centre, which is in charge of injecting children, has tested positive for COVID-19, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has urged They have urged the public who have contacted the health worker to stay at home for 10 days.
The sordar was sent to bring the documents, but he asked for 10 months and has not yet brought them even though 10 months has passed, said Hercules.
It is also surprising that despite the presence of companies here especially Lafarge Cement which is well versed in the production of dewbilat, the government has not looked into handing over.
Therefore, we demand that the Meghalaya authorities should take action to release these four men,” said the statement.
Movies -Poor.
He said that now parents want a strong son, but if they can strengthen their own son, it doesn't matter.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said the meeting was to understand the progress of the new government in preparing to set up entry and exit gates to search the mynder.
The CYC has also been able to provide an elementary course for those who want to learn to play music with 63 students this year.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 20: The licenses of all FPS ration dealers in Nongstoin Sadar Sub-Division will expire on November 31,
Currently, Nongdhar uses this solar water pump on her farm and does not use any other means of water supply to her farm.
“The demands of JACATAM are reasonable because they are not only related to their own welfare but also to education in the state as a whole,” said Donald.
Becky Shuttleworth, 33, from Rochford, Essex, England, has 22 dogs from the UK and Romania.
Jowai, Jymmang 3: The Border Security Force (BSF) has not only protected the border, but has also distributed assistance through various development schemes and assistance schemes to the people living in the area. border areas through the Civic Action Program which is a special scheme for the development of border areas.
She has become the first hockey player from Jharkhand to represent the country in the Olympics where she has qualified for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. She is part of the national team that participated in the Tokyo Olympics.
Leaders of the Raid Tynring, Douglas Dohling and Pynbiang Nongspung said that the allegation that the Raid Tynring has been fighting since 2000 after the construction of the Shillong By-Pass is wrong. Tynring is what has existed since ancient times.
On the other hand, according to the complaint received, on the night of 21/05/2023 at about 10 pm which is Sunday night, the woman left. at the government hospital.
JOWAI: One of the actors of Pnar films, Shngain Lyngdoh, has passed away today after a long illness.
The Union also congratulates the MDC of Mawshynrut Constituency who has donated to the Union and at the same time urges the State Government to turn its attention to the area and to provide Shillong: On Friday, sources from the security forces of Ïewduh said that the owner of a Motphran mobile shop in Ïewduh, after opening the shop, he found that his shop had been stolen by robbers. to color ei many mobile phones placed inside the shop.
The neighbors did not go in or out because there was a plague in the land Jeremiah 16:8
They are looking at how to raise funds from development projects funded by the state and central governments.
The Meghalaya High Court has directed the State Government to immediately resolve the issue of eviction of the residents of Mawlong Market (Sweeper's Colony) after the elections.
In the past few days, it was reported that many of the leaders of the state have encouraged and agreed to change the political party to the PDF. you win.
The meeting with the clergy from the Sacred Theological College, Mawlai at the oratory inspired Archbishop Dominic Jala when he was a child to dream of becoming a clergyman.
The area of ​​the Mawphu HE Project-Stage II is 110 hectares.
This is a special program held by the District Umsong on Saturday at Umsong Village in Ri Bhoi District where the District Umsong has worked hard to raise funds for the completion of the office. at a cost of T.50 lakh.
On my part, as a father, after some of the students were angry, I suggested that she should stop taking part in this programme, but because of the lack of English speakers, the school has chosen again. The young woman will be the speaker to conduct the programme.
If the Government of Meghalaya doesn't do anything like this, without thinking carefully about the schools, the quality of education in the state will decline more and more. According to a recent report from the Government of India.
About 40 local entrepreneurs received financial assistance through CM-Elevate on Thursday for the construction of multipurpose swimming pools and gyms, Futsal and Basketball courts.
At the same time, it was said that his physical condition has improved at the moment.
For TBn.
The Executive Committee of KHADC was led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Dy CEM, Bah PN Syiem, Executive Members (EMs) including Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Bah Victor Ranee. Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Pynïaid said that as the EC, the EC has looked into the necessary issues that need to be addressed especially in relation to the four districts. He said that the people are worried about the dumping of garbage from their homes and other places which affects the society and the environment as a whole.
The song is composed by Maxstar Nengnong and assisted by Khraw Kharngi and arranged by Alexzehn while the beat producer is Matthew May.
The GNLA leader was identified as Joshua N Marak and Jikal, also from Rongkhugre village.
Even after taking the lead by three goals, the team did not rest and it was in the 65th & 68th minutes that Tony Syngkli scored two more goals to win the match. to continue their journey to the semi final.
He said that he attended a meeting of parents at a school yesterday and was surprised to see that there were many mothers while fathers There, he explained, the sacrifice of fathers, for their children, to go and be together for one day, in order to comfort their children. “Even in churches, fathers are missing,” he said, adding that fathers spend nights going to parties, playing football, eating stories.
Shillong, March 29: The Secretariat of the State has been guarded by many guards and foreigners cannot enter the premises without permission. present the appropriate documentation.
The BJP candidate from Pynthorumkhrah has also been elected.
“Such an Institute will help our youth from the district to train as teachers so that they can get adequate opportunities and we want the Government to take action as soon as possible on this issue,” she said. Establish.
We may recall that recently, there was an issue on the language and she had the opportunity to go to New Delhi to meet the Union Home Minister.
He said they have also received an order to explain to the teachers and students regarding the conduct of this examination.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Kong RV Suchiang IAS, Additional Chief Secretary to the State Government in charge of Finance Department.
In the middle of the night, one of the friends of the JHADC employees who used them had already taken T.500 tyngka from Wompher Pakma, but after that Pakma who is the driver of one of the trucks, He said that he had already taken 500 tyngka, the man took 500 tyngka to return it and it was at this time that the journalists were able to shoot these two men.
Furthermore, it is prohibited to carry any weapons and liquor shops will be closed on 25th and 26th May,
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle on Tuesday launched a campaign to install a road in the area. They also sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin Division to take immediate action regarding this road.
According to Bah Paul, the Sengbhalang is the best platform to provide leadership training, because around the world the most prominent and great people are the youth leaders.
“We want the government to come forward and explain this clearly.
In another order, the shops of Sherdalin Lyngdoh, Laloo Cable, Yolande Laloo, Fast Food Sianmon Talang and Reliancey Marwei, located at the house of Pavitra Joshi, Central, were temporarily closed. The village is located in Lower Mawprem.
There are 50 cases in the country, including 36 cases from East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from West Garo Hills, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases from South West Garo Hills.
There were also stalls such as MHIS & PM-JAY, PMMVY, IEC stall and other exhibitions such as food items prepared by the Food and Safety Department East Jaintia Hills District. Punjab National Bank Saipung Branch where customers can open their bank accounts at Punjab National Bank.
Shillong: Up to 11 people have been injured and taken to Civil Hospital and Woodland Hospital for treatment after a vehicle overturned. The vehicle was coming from Anjalee area.
He added that we should not allow foreigners to invade our land, to pollute our blood and to steal our language and culture. John F. Kennedy, former US President, said, "Don't say what the country will do for us, but ask what you will do for the country. The snap is very important for us as a nation and there is a great hope to revive us as a nation as the poet Soso Tham said “Sometimes the stones win, sometimes the forests fall. "I would like to extend my special congratulations to the youth who have revived the traditional dress of the Khasi people which has begun to be overshadowed by foreign dress.
The electricity meter and light wires have also been burnt down and they have to stay in the dark for a while.
When asked about the payment of electricity bill, the Rangbah Shnong said that in fact, it is up to the MeECL department to take action against those who do not pay. problems and losses to those who pay taxes and those who want electricity.
The following persons have been charged:1
Quietly, there are 711 of them.
The BDO said these residents have also refused to take up housing schemes such as the Pradhan Mantri Aware Yojana (PMAY).
The starting point of the race will be from the Deputy Commissioner's Office to Lad Rymbai CHC.
Daffodil Drugs Pvt.
The theme of the program is “Lehbha katni, Kune i, Ya Ka Mynstep: Get the Mynrried of Chngain, Patein of Kyllep and Sdep”.
Lawmali SC beat Umphrup SC 5-0 in the final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup at the Shipai Stadium in Laitkor, Shillong on Saturday.
The youth has disappeared since that day wearing a white shirt, blue jean jacket, blue jean pants and he is four feet or less than five feet tall. and he that is clean of skin.
Nongpoh, November 12: The Trinamool Congress (TMC) party in Meghalaya is only a few months away from the elections for the renewal of the leadership of the Legislative Assembly. The TMC and the Chief Minister of West Bengal today arrived in Meghalaya where TMC leaders and supporters from Meghalaya welcomed the TMC leaders and supporters from Meghalaya today. arrive at Umroi Airport.
It is shocking to see that in the past elections, we have never heard of drugs being seized like this.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : The State Education Commission (SEC) has been set up with four members under the leadership of Prof Sherwin May. Sungoh, Head of Education Department, NEHU as Chairperson.
At night, when the child falls asleep and cries, it is he who should change his clothes and sleep until he falls asleep.
If the child support is for the family members or the brothers and sisters of the childless mother, they don't care, because they have enough income to support the children until they go to school. They shall not be 15 years of age or older, but shall have registered with the law enforcement agencies.
Roberto Mancini has resigned as head coach of the Italian national football team, the Football Federation (FIGC) announced on Sunday.
The Mission Director of SRES said that Meghalaya is fortunate to have abundant rainwater but is facing water shortage because it cannot be irrigated.
When asked why the police admitted that the rioters were members of political parties, Hek said, “While the investigation is ongoing, we cannot say anything on that.
Jowai, June 20: The Jaintia National Volunteers (JNW) together with the Women's Wing of the Municipal Board (JNW) have left for Iawmusiang to clean up the garbage after the employees of the Municipal Board have stopped working for several months due to non-payment of salaries. and it was five months.
Mebanker Shullai's victory will be a record in the history of the WJDBA, which has been held for the 12th time.
We cannot clear the road because the search team and volunteers from different villages are still searching for the two men,” he said.
He said that the presence of the BSF there has not brought any benefit, but has caused inconvenience to the villagers and especially to the women.
He said that at present, if the rainfall is heavy, the company has to follow a person to pump the water 24 hours a day from the 1st Ground so that it will not affect the water supply. field.
“After the campaign message was sent by the candidate and the party leaders, there was a stir especially among the people who joined the party, but until How much this will help us is what we will have to see on the 4th of July.
The voting by ballot paper as in the past is the best way for all the people to trust because they see and know who they are voting for.
Police have seized 8 song of Ganja from the woman , who is selling waidong along the road , police said that the robbers have now developed a new trick to smuggle drugs in the city .
, Kynpham Umsong and Steffenie Nongkhlaw.
According to photographs posted on social media, parts of Lviv were also seen in darkness.
However, those who are still on earth cannot be said to be the same, they must continue to do their poor work and they must still fulfill many of the remaining tasks.
He said that MUDA's basis for the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1973 is wrong, as it clearly states that the Act cannot be implemented in the areas. “However, as of now, the District Council does not have any information, it is just an illegal immigration,” he said. not Latiplang.
This view of the government shows that the government wants only fools to enter the Assembly to pass laws by forgetting the rights of the people.
Teilinia Thangkhiew is an MDC who has set a record in the history of the District Council by becoming the first woman Chairperson during the ARPA rule in KHADC. Banteidor Lyngdoh has resigned from the post of EM (because he has taken over the post of Minister of State) after the resignation of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh from the post of Dy.CEM. ) and after the removal of Mawhati MDC James Sylliang as EM, it was said that the CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngaiñ has appointed one EM from the UDP and one from the HSPDP. Teilinai as Dy.CEM and Donkupar Sumer of UDP as EM. Mylliem constituency is the luckiest constituency in the state government to have a minister. Nongstoiñ: The dismissal of Arun Kembhavi, Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ District Council, has caused a stir in the Nongstoin area. Several groups of youth, elders, women and including some political parties in the area to protest on this issue.
Many of these fields have now been abandoned.
Ma Siangshai has a net worth of T.332.65 crore while Ma Pala has a net worth of T.241.75 crore.
“The government should have increased the tax on petrol to T.30 or should have taken a decision to increase the fare,” he said.
Under the Market Development Assistance (MDA), the Government will provide an incentive of T.1,500 per metric tonne for organic fertilizers linked to the GOBARdhan initiative to convert organic fertilizers into commodities. throw.
Therefore, he said that through the cooperation, it will bring about smooth operation and will also help the education of the students without being disrupted especially in terms of the ability to coordinate the implementation of the National Education Policy .
Speaking to media, Bah Orester Mawlong, member of the HNYF, said that the HNYF has not rested to issue licenses to these shops. They have rested for 10 years but this time they have started to rest again.
It is also alleged that a female teacher has resigned from her post recently, after encountering an unpleasant incident with the behavior of the Principal.
The 12 Rangbah Shnongs under the banner of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) have left the country after a meeting which lasted for more than 2 hours from 5 pm to 8 pm. at the Main Secretariat.
Today, many reports have surfaced that these runners have withdrawn from the protest and have continued their work after a meeting with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday. Saturday.
Referring to agriculture, the Minister said that this is the first time that she has held this department, but nevertheless, she will be able to implement the requirements and measures for farmers of the State.
There was a statement that the government is short of funds and therefore needs to create ways and means to bring in higher revenue.
Shillong, Nailur 15: A slasha from Khasi Hills called 'Meg Tea' has attracted the attention of the Europeans.
They don't know how to explain their duty at the office Secretariat but just to get the ribbon and lay the foundation stone, they have stopped even if all the public development works at the Secretariat have been completed.
Young Guns scored 222 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 40 overs.
After the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Assam, said that the meeting was fruitful and they will take to the government the request of this village to enter Meghalaya.
He said the states will prepare property cards for each property in the village using accurate surveys done through drone mapping.
She said that from Sohiong constituency where NPP candidate Samlin won 13,000 votes in the MLA election, it would be better to add another 2,000 votes to 15,000 votes to ensure victory.
The ceremony was held at Hall Syiem Jingsuk, Amlarem in the presence of Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang Litigation Secretary KSU Central Body, Symbud Ma Lop Pohtam President Core Committee of War-Jaiñtia Limestone and Boulder Stone Exporter and Miner Association. WJLBEMA), Amwi District Chief Jemewell Pyrtuh, Darrang District Chief Pyrwa Lymba and others.
“Think about him, who he was before he came into society.
Trusting him as a man in charge of the welfare of the community, they got into his car.
Heimon Dkhar scored the first goal for Ialong in the 66th minute.
On the absence of students to sit for the board examination due to the heavy rainfall in some villages, the Minister said that he has received information on this. The department will arrange how to help the students who have failed the examination.
In this age, milk and fish flow and gather only in the hands of the rich, government officials and rulers.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The illegal smuggling of rnga in West Khasi Hills District, has continued until these days and what is more shocking now is that the smugglers of rnga don't care about the movements of the people. They also used the side of the road as a place to burn rnga.
Shillong: The HSPDP has decided to support the UDP candidate for the Mawryngkneng constituency.
The children's tournament was held in collaboration with Seinraij Nongkynrih, Laskein Pyllun, West Jaintia Hills District on the theme “Let's Build the Future” The route is from Jowai, Phramer, Shangpung and Raliang.
He said that it is true that when there are foreigners who have been living in the area since 1965 and when they come to apply for documents from the office of Syiem Raid Marwet, the office of Syiem, they have to give, because they have lived there for a long time and another place is on the border.
Speaking at the meeting, HYC West Khasi Hills District President Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that the Meghalaya Police Department should not be sorry for their weakness because instead of protecting the people, they are Assam Police have shot dead their brothers and sisters in Mukroh.
After the rally, the residents marched to the SDO's office to accompany their leaders to hand over their demands. Only a few leaders were allowed to enter while the residents pat that ap outside.
Farmers who have been supported by SURE as a Participatory Guarantee Scheme will bring in their own food.
During the term of the 15th Financial Commission, the Poshan Abhiyaan, the Anganwadi Services Scheme and the Scheme for Girls were implemented jointly under the Saksham Anganwadi and Poshan 2 Missions.
He also stressed that the alliance between the INC and the NPP was decided by the party and not by him alone.
“The UDP is like a rong ser and should order the state government to introduce the ILP and if it does not, it should leave the government,” said the Mairang MDC.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah has won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy in the 3rd Division Tournament-2022, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports. Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Before they arrived, the Student Madan was not very crowded, but as soon as the Mawlai group arrived, the Madan Madan was filled with the song 'Ban shu' be a slave in thy own land, and be a young man in thy own land.
In Punjab, there is a school, which does not accept children, but the fees are paid.
Kharkongor, IAS, Secretary, C&RD, Geoffrey Nongrum, State SVEEP Nodal Officer, Jonathan Shylla, Jonathan Shylla, Additional Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills, IZ Wrang. DCIC Nongstoin, State Master Trainer Election and others.
From an early age he and his brothers studied in Delhi.
Malaika is currently in isolation at her home in Mumbai.
Jowai, July 02: The 10th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament has been resumed by the Dorbar Shnong Pdengshakap. The event will start on November 30, 2023 at Pdengshakap Stadium.
Meanwhile, Daniel M Sangma came first in the SUV category.
“Is this unnecessary, doesn't this help us because in cases related to ethnic groups these courts from Village Level to District Level these Courts give the right decision. for any persons with tobacco licenses.
This was revealed on the 16th of this month, when the SAIBDO, has invited Ma Vincent H.Pala to attend a meeting held by the leaders of the SAIBDO. CB Syiem, former CEM of KHADC, George Kharmujar, Joint Director of Soil & Water Conservation, Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Balang, SAIBDO members and the public were also present. resident in the area.
KSU Nongthymmai Circle led by Richard Mawkhiew, Vice President and Ribang Sing Nongrum, General Secretary, in the presence of the relatives of the deceased. longkmie doesn't have to worry.
In fact, here in Meghalaya, it has not won anything from both Shillong and Tura.
Responding to the demand for the introduction of a ban, the MPUF leader said, “We will not allow and we will not allow anyone to do anything that affects the society and before introducing The railway should first issue us an Inner Line Permit (ILP) or any laws to protect us so that we will not be overwhelmed by the arrival of the railway.
FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle President M Chyrmang in the presence of Thangskai Village Leaders has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District regarding the illegal issuance of Aadhaar cards by foreigners in the district without proper documents and permanent address. permanent residence) within the villages of the district.
In order to achieve the goal of completing the building of the Rev Wollington Children's Home as soon as possible, Jyndiang has issued a work order of T.2 lakh under the MLA scheme. He said that the scheme of 2 lakh tyngka is the share of (L) Maieit Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, who has been willing to help the orphanage for a long time.
This was witnessed especially by the leaders of the new political party, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) who stood firmly against and condemned the government's attempt to use force. It is clear that when the leaders stand on a steady foundation and a straight path without buying anyone, the voice of 4 people is louder than the voice of 45 people or 55 people.
I understand that the Kongthei has agreed with Bah Deng.
The members of the committee include Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, Charles Marngar, Remington G Momin, Limison Sangma and Mianmi D Shira.
Shillong, July 30: The President of the Hynniewtrep Territory Organization (HITO), Bah Donbok Dkhar on Monday denied the involvement of political parties especially the TMC in the allegations of money laundering. Speaking at a public hearing on the election held in Motphran, Bah Donbok said that the HITO has been established. to stand up for the protection of the land, the right of the indigenous people shall not hesitate to speak the truth in this regard, even if there are those who do not.
After the examination, Rida felt free and after three days she went to Niakha's shop...“Ani Khun phi la wan.
Through the 15th Finance Commission, the Central Government has allocated T.150 crore to Meghalaya to strengthen the Sub Centers and Health and Wellness Centres.
Manoj Kumar Sur, coordinator of SRCI who also explained the great benefits of Yoga.
The KHNAM candidate said that whenever he went, the people encouraged him and he said that he has been born for 3 or 4 months but he sees that the people want him to The turnout is about 80%.
KSU Mawlai Circle Vice President Samla Mac Iver Thabah handed over food items at Spring of Hope in Mawlai Circle. There are 28 children (14 males and 14 females) who have lost their parents. The organizers have blessed them. All the members of the Seng to get a healthy body so that they can continue to work better especially at this time when the world is fighting against the Corona Virus.
Cricket Stadium, Mohali, Punjab.
Speaking to media at the BJP headquarters, Kohli said that the corruption of the government in Meghalaya will be exposed every day due to the insufficiency in the implementation of the project. current government.
He confirmed that the preparations for the Meghalaya Games have gone smoothly and there has been no delay in which he has visited several times to ensure that it will be in good shading.
The President of YMCA Shillong, Reverend Dr. P. Lyngdoh, welcomed the participants and called for unity among the different ethnic groups of India.
In the past, the teachers of Mathematics, Science and the indigenous people of our country did not have the ability to teach these subjects and therefore they had to invite others from abroad to teach these subjects.
In the women's 50 kg below category, Pynsuklang Lyngdoh (Seng Khasi College) won the second prize, Da-i-hunshisha Mawlong won the second prize and Alberis Sten (Women's) won the second prize. College).
Shella MDC Teiñwell Dkhar has informed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) about the lack of order and lighting in the MDC Hostel. you have passed the ksew.
He was also arrested by the Assam Police.
Rabon said that the BDO of Laskeiñ has also sent his personnel to inspect the disaster.
The Chief Minister today replied to all the questions raised by each member of the Legislative Assembly.
“Therefore, the police should punish Gopal Dey on these charges according to the rules of law.
“We suggest that the bill should be sent to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) before being discussed in Parliament,” Tyagi said.
Shillong, June 10: Josna Nongsiej, Sronling Lyngkhoi, has been running away with her husband for three years. Speaking to reporters today, she said that he used to come to harass her, shoot her, and threatened to hire robbers to kill her. .
In East Khasi Hills, there are 54 cases including two BSF personnel, two soldiers and 50 civilians.
Shillong, Lber 06 : Laitjem CC have won the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA).
In another report, the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant was captured by Russian troops, but there was no casualty, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said.
When asked whether the Rastriya Swasthya Bima Yojna has been merged with the MHIS, Hek said, “I don't know whether the RSBY has merged with the MHIS. of the Central Government while MHIS is owned by the State Government".
D(2): If an appointee belonging to a Scheduled Tribe category was appointed on his/her own merit, UR will be written in column 5.
He added that the youth are called to be the empowerers and supporters of the future and it is the responsibility of the community leaders, religious leaders, as well as political leaders to support the youth in the way that builds them.
He said that before the school arrived at the site, the school authorities had sought approval many times from the state government officials, including the Prime Minister, the Minister of Law and Justice. to the department of education.
Shillong, June 1 : The Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) today urged the leaders of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to respect the order of the Meghalaya High Court regarding the Roster System.
Speeches were also delivered by the President of the NPYF, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, Bah Botamin Thangkhiew Rangbah Kur, and other NPYF leaders. Shonroy Basan Secondary School, Sanshnong High School, Thomas German Jones Memorial and Kyrdon Morning School.
He said that he has tried to ask the State President of the NPP Dr. WR Kharlukhi but he has not received any letter from the KJCLF. Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongrem said that any invitations from any group to the party should be sent to the office of the State President of the party at Lachaumiere, Shillong.
This RAI overrides the decisions taken in 1954 and 1961 by the 8th Bench and the 6th Bench of the Supreme Court.
According to information, the state forest department has spent about Rs 80 lakh for the festival but many of these trees have lost their flowers and leaves.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: Youths of West Khasi Hills District, including the Seng Hynniewtrep Youth Council Ri-Muliang Pyllun together with the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People from Langpih District, on Tuesday visited the The DC office in Nongstoiñ has launched a campaign against the illegally planted mawpud by Assam in the past few days at Kamphaduli.
At the meeting, it was learned that the Congress MLAs have done a good calculation and looked at all aspects of the political situation in the state and found that the people in the state I don't love the Congress party but the voice of the Congress party comes out because of my leadership.
Shillong: An elderly man has died in an accident at Moomon, Mihmyntdu near the office of the Soil and Water Conservation Department in Jowai.
Shillong, November 4: Parents have sent their son to Bangalore to study for his studies but he went to study DJ but now he has become a DJ. not popular in India.
Explaining about the problems they have faced regarding the deterioration of the road, the residents of the area, said that as of now, they have to set up a station in the deteriorating area of ​​the road. When they arrived at the place, the vehicles could no longer move to the other side and so all the goods produced from these villages, had to be dropped at the place and then they were transported by people to Thep to a vehicle, for transportation back to Iew (Dawki).
He said the body of the Bill will be improved with the suggestion of the people to curb the entry of foreigners into the state.
The main day of the festival will be on the 26th and the ritual will start at 6 pm.
It is the one that has tried to revive the past as it was in that era, strengthened and preserved it in the present for the sake of the future of the peoples and mankind.
This activity is like physical activity, sports, hobby, rewarding work and skills.
The incident happened at 5:00 pm on Saturday evening when Bah Hamanroy Cajee, 56, who works in the Department of Agriculture, Shillong, was on his way home. After coming from work but before reaching Lumumpih village before going home, he was hit by an unidentified vehicle. They have fled from this place.
As a Member of the Literary Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, he has contributed many articles to “Ka Sneng Khasi” and has been a Member of the Editorial Board on every occasion that the Seng has published. Complete Remembrance.
Sadon said that the feelings of many churches are there, especially after the shooting death of Bah Che, but as one of those involved in conducting the talks, as it is now, there is no doubt or to be careful.
"AmenRev Christ the Lord.
The election of the Chairman was held at 1:30 PM in the second session and the Deputy Chairman who conducted the session announced the name of Mr. Finelyness as the winner without any objection.
Bah Marbaniang has been a staunch member of the party since his time with the NCP as well as since its formation.
Japanese women, although they have adopted many of the customs of the sep – us, but at the same time the Japanese stand on the foundation of old customs.
This is the road connecting Meghalaya with the Barak Valley of Assam and also connecting Tripura.
It was seen that the soldiers were well prepared with their weapons.
He was later sent to Manipur, Chim Hills and Burma with the 48th Brigade of the 17th Division.
The match on Tuesday (March 31, 2023) will be between Nangbah Mulang and Sailung Ialong at 2 pm.
The Congress has announced that it will contest in all 60 constituencies.
However, after a few days, due to the heavy rainfall, Shillong Lajong FC has been forced to complete the cleaning of the plastic bag. final of the Second Division League.
What is the image of God? According to the law, the Jews could not see God or make an image of Him. What do these words mean? or what does it mean to put on the image of God?Bible scholars say that there are three ways of thinking (i) The image of God or to imitate God means that a person or persons reflect the image of God only in the body and only in what is outwardly.
Assam has also recorded the highest number of deaths, with 41 deaths and 4,475 cases.
“Our strength depends on the cooperation of the villages, which we will promote,” he said.
The main reason for this is that the mynder lei, is the most important, which produces many evil deeds, from the foreigners who do not live happily ever after, who commit evil deeds, in all kinds of ways, only from the for your own benefit.
Speaking to reporters, Isac said that the police have summoned the leaders of the party only to intimidate the party leaders so that the party will not be able to fight against drugs but while they are calling for the soul of I'm still brave.
This is also part of the efforts to protect the residents of the village from the spread of COVID-19 but after testing this house it was found that none of them have tested positive for COVID-1
In these announcements, the agency said that foreign investment platforms have now started using news websites as sources of information about investment platforms in digital media.
Kerala opened the scoring four minutes later through Naresh Bhagyanathan.
“The symptoms of mucormycosis are headache, swelling of the eyes, swelling under the eyes, loss of sensation in the face.
On the other hand, the DC Supply has announced that the vendors should not sell more than the price of rice and piat, while in the case of jhur, officers of the department have been sent. rep not to investigate.
The countries most affected by the outbreak include China, Italy, USA, Spain, UK and others.
The three men and the driver have been taken to the police station for further investigation to find out who is involved in the smuggling of heroin.
Even if you are a Christian, you are free from being a foreigner.
Pynbha Suting (45'), Donlad Diengdoh (48'), Manbha Iawphniaw (53', 81') and Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi (86') scored the goals in the match. day.
Through a letter sent to the Priests, Priests, Major Superiors, Provincials, Parish Priests, Principals, Rectors, Superiors, Sisters, Brothers, religious and faithful, he appealed to invite the public to participate in this programme.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that he received information about the incident from the DC Ri Bhoi on the 13th of this month. Through the phone, he ordered the removal of all the mawpuds.
In a tweet, Rahul wrote, “15 coal miners have been in danger of their lives for two months, while the prime minister has been shot dead on the Bogibeel Bridge and his government is not working to help provide powerful water pumps.
The truck (MP 65 H 0287) has hit an elderly man and he died on the spot.
Mayralborn also urged the leaders of the group to work together with the three government departments from the Police, Social Welfare and Health Departments. They are the ones who are doing the work that this group of Sur Jingkyrmen intends to do.
The churches that took part in the choir were the Kayang Youth Church, Nongsning Church, Umjalasiaw Church, Moodymmai Wah Church, Shnongrim Church, Mawbynna Church, Moolang Church and the Standing Choir of KJP Eastern Synod Youth Church.
For those who suffer from insomnia, it is best to consult a doctor, who can provide them with the best advice and treatment.
According to police sources, the man lodged a complaint that on the 15th of June, two robbers riding on a two wheeler shot and beat him at Boucher Road, Shillong. They also robbed him of his purse worth T.8.5 lakh.
The Sein Kyntu Sein Raij 12 Daloi invites all the Sein Raij Leaders as well as the Sein Raij Shnong Leaders of the Raij and Sein Raij Shnong to attend this tournament.
At present, although the ground has been abandoned, the committee has already dug a fence around the ground to prevent it from being misused or turned into a place of crime.
Therefore, the union will soon meet with the DMHO of Nongpoh to seek clarification on the distribution of expired medicines and at the same time the union demands that the authorities of Nongpoh Civil Hospital, that they should take responsibility if anything happens to the people who have used expired medicines, said Banpynshngain Lyngdoh.
U Bah PT Sawkmie said that he has more than 30 years in politics to serve the people and if he is elected as MP it will open up more opportunities for him to serve the Khasi and Jaintia Hills as a whole.
When asked why he chose to vote for the opposition, Pynshngain said, “Only the Salary Amendment Bill or the Bill to increase the salaries of MDCs takes time. only in the Secretariat,” said Bah Pynshngain.
For the retired officers, the court has sentenced them to three years imprisonment and a fine of T.50,000 tyngka.
“I just met him yesterday but it was in a crowded place, I couldn't talk well. We will meet him,” said HSPDP General Secretary Witting Mawsor.
Even so, in the midst of these challenges, she is still doing her job.
“We want to provide the people of Meghalaya and the North Eastern Region with the treatment that can be found in all modern health facilities across the country and the world.
Not only in Upper Shillong or Mylliem but it affects all the villages and areas that use this road,” he said.
How true is it that when the freight railway reaches Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi district, the price of goods will be lower than it is now? search carefully.
It is to be recalled that the Government has introduced the proposal after rejecting the proposal submitted by the HPC on June 25, 2022 which includes the allocation of 200 square meters of land in the European Ward to each household. total 342 in addition to the cost of building the houses.
There are also some MLAs and Ministers who are rich.
The meeting of the employees was held this morning near the GHADC office, Tura.
However, on the other hand, the land vendors in Motphran, Khyndai Lad and GS Road have staged a protest against the district authorities who have conducted the raid every day after receiving the order of the High Court Meghalaya. .
The Laitkseh Sports Club has become famous in the state in the field of sports thanks to his contribution.
“While they were talking inside, those outside burnt down the vehicle,” said the SP. At the same time, he confirmed that only one ejahar has been lodged in connection with the incident. It is not true that the police have not received the complaint.
Thus, several of the thinkers of the time, including PTR Gordon, William McDuro Sweet, George Russell Row, Robert Herriot Henderson, Charles Howard Holder, and George Loftus Garth, decided to nothing about this.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The State Government has met to set up a market for market vendors in Shillong.
The Government of India, it is understood, intends to conduct the same inspection as in Assam, in other states of India and that is to introduce the National Registration Certificate (NRC).
I found that online education is only for children studying cl-XII and not for children studying UKG-B. teach you online.
This incident happened at about 2 o'clock in the morning.
Name : Carmel Fedrick Official Location : Representative, SohraPh.
Earlier, the students also met with the Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy, accompanied by former Sohra MLA, Bah TW Chyne, on the same issues.
Paul said that his defeat in the last election was due to the work of the Vote Bank Politics of other ethnic groups. “Foreigners here vote for the National Party. ) Our people in Mawlai vote for the Congress, in Pynursla they vote for the NPP, other ethnic groups are more intelligent than us, in the end other ethnic groups are the deciders of victory and defeat of the candidates here in the city,” said Bah Paul.
When Meirad Wankitkhoh saw this, she agreed to stay here if God allowed them to stay there.
She said that to work or to clean the rice, they used to buy water twice a day, but it was alleged that they used to draw water from Wahumkhrah.
This is one of the issues that the state government has been waiting for from the central government during the Congress government because the state government and the central government have to be involved.
In 2016, the school was relocated and a new building was inaugurated by Dr. RC. Laloo Symbud, former Chief Minister of the State in
The festival was inaugurated by Dr. P Nongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat as the chief guest and Bah Minot Lapasam as the symbud chief guest.
Gupta arrived in the city today while Gulati will arrive tomorrow. The inspectors will look into the preparations for the elections and other issues such as the violation of the model code of conduct.
Explaining about the status of the college, the Principal of the college, said that at present, the Ri Bhoi College has not yet been included in the National Assessment and Accreditation Council. The NAAC will visit the college and to equalize the status of other colleges not only in the state, but in the country as a whole. students to work together for the development of the College.
However, when asked, we should ask others who have been MLAs twice, MDCs twice what they have done.
“The Prime Minister has honored the guards in Allahabad by washing their feet and this is news that even the guards are not poor.
Last year, the Minister said that the Act was amended because the Government of India allows the State Governments to increase the receipt of funds according to the amendments that the States can make. u year.
Why doesn't the government believe in the production of these factories for many years?
The immovable wealth of this family has exceeded T.225 crore.
Mahatma Gandhi said, “Whoever doesn't have a good knowledge of politics doesn't have a good knowledge of religion.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Garo National Council (GNC), Agustine R Marak said that the demand for Garo Land will be within the present boundary of Garo Hills District. don't cross the border even an inch.
Jefferson Jana, the father of the robber, was arrested by the police on the night of the 31st after he returned home from hiding after the family members and the village found the bodies of the two brothers from Lawbniap Wahktieh. in Porter.
The Superintendent of Police, WJH, said that the incident happened on 11th June 2015, when Ram Dhar allegedly killed a man named Trebor Hinge in Nongbah village, West Jaintia Hills.
We cannot say how many Manipuris have entered Meghalaya since 3rd June, 2023, the day the conflict started in the state.
The incident happened at 2 pm.
I myself have tried to follow the rules of the government in public places, but I have made a mistake somewhere and the virus has entered my beard and neck.
As a sympathy, God sends Coronavirus to people who are selfish, selfish, ungrateful, destructive, merciless, unforgiving and greedy, as He first sent diseases from part of those who transgressed the law (Gen.3:16).
He said that there is a misconception among the people that the reason for unemployment is the current policy revision which is too old.
The Sordar of Shnong said that the scheme has been constructed with the financing of the Asian Development Bank and MeECL has handed over to the Power Grid to build the Power Sub Station. 2017 and the work continued until mid-2
Milk also contains compounds – melatonin and a hormone that helps with sleep and sleep and wake time.
The Meteorological Department has also warned that tomorrow, there will be lightning and thunderstorms in parts of the state and then there will be heavy rainfall.
On the difference of opinion between the VC, MCTA and NEHUTA, the Minister said, “The future of the students is more important than that of others.
In the afternoon, sports games for the children and an exhibition football match was held between DC XI and Medical XI at PA Sangma Stadium, Dakopgre, Tura.
A few months ago, the State witnessed an attempt by RSS chief Mahon Bhagwat to accuse Meghalayans of being Hindus in a speech at the State Central Library.
Governments come and go but Meghalaya is still lagging behind.
In his reply to the House, the Minister said that the measures taken by the government to implement the Act include the setting up of district task forces in all districts and the public release of the Act. friendly webportal.
In the Shillong zone, Daraplang Thangkhiew scored the first goal for Umrit in the 34th minute before Rilangstar Umdor turned the tide in the 60th minute.
Moodymmai Village under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Ma Joseph Pariat in the presence of office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong distributed foodgrains and cash prizes to 200 households of the village.
There are also signs such as stones for building houses, wells, but some of them have been destroyed by the residents.
East Khasi Hills, 16 cases, West Garo Hills 10 cases, Ribhoi 4 cases; in addition to others.
In this regard, the KSU leader said that Prestone said that infiltration check gates alone cannot prevent the entry of foreigners, but Only the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Leaders have the authority to control and collect information on the presence of foreigners.
The Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai Development Society, Jowai on 9th November held a meeting at the hall of the Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai, Jowai.
This is according to the schedule of the Election Commission of India, and this year it has announced that the SSR will start from June 2023 which is
The project was started in the 1990s but was suspended by the previous government in 2011 and now the MDA government has resumed the project.
Vinod Kambli completed his marriage ceremony with his wife, Andrea Hewitt at the Catholic Church at St Peter's Church in Bandra on Saturday.
Khliehmyntriang, November 31: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) Khliehmyntriang Unit on Saturday donated plastic bags to the Presbyterian Church Khliehmyntriang, said the EJNC leader Lector Dkhar. that although this is only a small gift, it is given from the heart.
“It is worth mentioning that the residents of Mynkjai have opposed the garbage dump in Mynkjai which they have complained that it affects the environment and the health of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, leaders including Maristella Lamare, President of NAWWA, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF NR and Bah Cornelius Laloo expressed their deep sorrow and condolences on the sudden passing away of you are a young woman.
The two army officials declined to be named as they did not have the authority to comment on the incident, while the army officials who were supposed to speak did not comment.
However, the development works they have done have been done only to mislead the people.
E.Rymbai, Education Secy- Miss.
Four persons, Darimitre Dkhar, 16, Sawniwan Dkhar, 14, Priya, Dkhar, 13, Esakawan Dkhar, 12 and their father Snial Muruh, 40, have been recovered. They were taken to NEIGRIHMS for further treatment.
Jowai, June 30: The Myntdu River has been the source of drinking water for the entire Jowai Village for decades.
The new leaders of HITO Umsning Area were confirmed and sworn in by Samla Kyrshan Kharnaior, Organizing Secretary of HITO Umsning Area in the presence of Bah Apbor Nongrum.
"Furthermore, we demand that the MDA should not convene an All Party meeting at another time to take any decision on issues related to the border demarcation, without full consultation with us. the opposition of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
At this time of difficulty in the coal industry, the rangbah agreed and when he allowed Smen Kyndait to transport and transport the Beltola coal to the factories, at first he paid exactly. but after a while he went away without paying anything.
Kuri lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of the 14th of this month at 11 pm he found that the door of his shop had been burnt down.
It is learned that although 16 out of 34 villages in the area do not have water supply systems, the government has taken special measures to provide water supply systems to the households. of the remaining 18 villages.
“If it is changed, there will be many comments because the name has been in the documents from side to side, to change it is not easy.
However, this party should not rejoice without hesitation, how it was in the past, what are the challenges for it, how will it move forward?
“The party will meet the Chief Minister of Assam and we will not hesitate on this issue,” he said.
For more information, please contact the office or phone 9485446326 /
Shillong: The Environment Committee of the Legislative Assembly has raised serious doubts about the operation of the factories in the Industrial Estate in Umiam, whether they are following the government's directives.
However, according to the government, the total employment rate is 38% in West Khasi Hills, 80% in South West Khasi Hills, 50% in Ri Bhoi and 65% in East Jaintia Hills.
Earlier, checks worth Rs 33.90 lakh were also distributed to Producer Groups including private sector under the FOCUSS+ scheme.
This price includes LPG price T.1020, tax T.19.50, GST 5% (CGST-Rs 25.988 and SGST-Rs 25.988).
Therefore, as the people living in the era of change, we need to know what the Government has already allocated for those who really need it.
The JSU said that the police officer said that they are facing difficulties in carrying out their duties due to the lack of staff or police at the out post, but the JSU due to the lack of police officers has offered to work with them. Police together with VDPs of the area and Khanduli village.
The President of BKU Krantikari from Punjab, has threatened that the farmers will blockade Delhi from three sides, which are the main entry and exit points to Delhi.
(Many parts of this article have also been quoted from newspapers).
Those girls and boys were surprised because they didn't know and didn't recognize and thought that they were the relatives of the deceased.
The mock drill has caused traffic jam around Shillong where many people did not know that there will be a mock drill.
On the other hand, he said that they want to see that every citizen of the state will be happy, healthy and free from all these dangers of drugs.
Blood pressure – Non-modifiable factors :HeredityGenderPhysical characteristicsAgeModifiable risk factors :Smoking, smokingControl High Blood PressureExerciseReasons that cannot be changed to increase blood pressure :AnxietyDiabetesDepression Breathing techniquesBrief description for CPR for the elderly:The depth of the incision should be between 4-5 cmThe incision The breath should be 1.5-2 seconds. The 1-rescue cycle should be 15 breaths and there should be two breaths. Before doing CPR, follow these rules :Make sure that the patient is unconscious. Call the EMS (Emergency Medical Services) System.
“If you drive a private or commercial vehicle, you don't have to drive to get an escort or a vip vvip tag,” said Dr Phawa. 263 new cases of COVID-1 The death toll has risen to 1325 in the state on Saturday. The two deaths are from East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills districts.
The prizes and cash prizes were distributed by Khroobok Passah, WJDBA President Alan Niangti, Chairman Sports & Games Committee Iongpiah and other members of WJDBA. .
Today, the Chief Minister has met with the Governor to arrange for the swearing-in ceremony tomorrow at 11:30 pm.
Not only that, he also spoke through the Holy Spirit and through His Word, the Bible.
Meanwhile, former MLA and president of the Forum of Former MLAs, Bah SD Khongwir said that Bah Syiemiong said that his death has created a problem to fill the vacancy.
Referring to the donation to various churches, he said that there is a need to allocate funds for all religions when there is a large service in various religions.
“For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
The President of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah M Suting, said that the FKJGP is also pleased with the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai on this victory. The union congratulates the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai and the office of the Deputy Commissioner through the EAC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah SS Marwein who was present on this occasion. .
The General Secretary of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawphlang, Bah A Lyngdoh, said that the decision was taken because the PHE department failed to implement the demand of the people on the 27th of June.
The child had stolen the money since 15th October, but the woman said in her complaint that the reason for her delay in reporting to the police was because her husband was not there. in the village and without the knowledge and understanding of her husband she cannot decide alone.
Colin Gonsalves, who pleaded for Koili Devi, said that this is a very difficult task, as the Indian government has destroyed 3 crore rations.
Meanwhile, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne MLA of Sohra, pledged to donate Rs 4 lakh for the construction of a Memorial Hall in the name of BB Lyngdoh and a Durmot in his memory. in Laitlyngkot, which was his birthplace.
When asked how he is now, he said that he is still weak and his body is still visible. He shows signs of jngem on his hands, pain on his throat and signs of mong on his neck. to leave the village because he had to go to the fields.
By using these sanitary pads, women should be clean.
One of my relatives came to live in the Bhoi area, built a household and settled in the east. The saying of the villagers or the village leaders was, “If you don't become a Christian, there is no place for you and your family to bury when you die".
I remember that I spoke foolishly, thought foolishly, and did many things that I offended others and God.
Nongpoh, Nailar 21: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow after seeing that the state government has been stingy to take such precautionary measures. The union has been demanding from time to time on the threat of illegal entry of foreigners to the indigenous people in the state. .
However, they don't realize that the people of the state still have to wait for rice from other states”.
It is learned that the meeting has decided to demand that Sonia Gandhi should replace another leader in the state and bring in a new chief minister. they.
Nokrek were hit by the rain when they came to tied but the weather was good for the Panthers, who started tied in only a few overs.
Five people were injured and two died during treatment due to the severity of their injuries.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia visited the injured and those undergoing treatment at GTB Hospital and other places.
In Rajasthan, Churu has the highest temperature with 48 degrees Celsius, Kota with 47.3 degrees Celsius, Bikaner, Ganganagar, Jaipur and Barmer with 46.8 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature in Ajmer and Jaisalmer was 44.5 and 44 degrees Celsius respectively.
In fact, there are 21,75,236 voters in 60 constituencies but due to the suspension of Sohiong, there are now 21,40,453 voters in 59 constituencies.
Dr Sylvanus, one of the Khasi writers, said that the honor of this sword should be more respectful and respectful.
Shylla said that this speech was an insult to him in front of the people of Nongkrem constituency and said that at the time of the passage of the Lineage Act on 13th October, It was approved by the Governor on 23rd June, 2005 and published in the Meghalaya Gazette on 25th June,
He said that through this small factory, it will be a major goal for the development of the farmers in the area especially to produce agricultural products and other food items to be exported to other parts of the state. wat shabr you state.
Furthermore, the Union in a statement through the President also sent its condolences to the mother and family members of these two victims.
According to Chris, the reason he decided to leave Captain America first was because he wanted to focus on other films.
When asked why Dr. Pariong did not come to accompany him, Gabriel said that Dr. Pariong is a doctor and He has to treat and give medicines to many patients who come to wait at his clinic and it is because of this that he did not have time to come today to register.
At the same time, he admitted that the patrolman had touched the driver.
Sahib said he had withdrawn his money, which was T.3.5 lakh, from the bank.
The C&RD blocks of Resubelpara and Bajengdoba have been the worst affected.
How they will feel.
Perhaps it is on this basis that many comments have been made on the District Council's lack of concern for the future of the Khasi boys!! Recently, on the 4th of June, an article “Beh IA U Shynrang to the Sunset, Rules of MDCs” was published by Bah Apol Mawñiuh, in which he touched on many important issues.
The story of the series will be written by Willmott and the series will probably inspire many youngsters and at the same time will tell about Muhammad Ali's hard work to win almost all the fights.
I'm going to work in Abu Dhabi.
In the future, such meetings will be held by the state government and APEDA.” The meeting concluded with a welcome speech by Vinita Sudhanshu, Deputy General Manager, Regional Head (NER), APEDA. This meeting helped to bring together the sellers, buyers, farmers and local entrepreneurs from the state.
Before the start of the tournament, a briefing was delivered by the President of RMSA Bah Edmund Khongngai who explained the purpose of the RMSA to revive and revive the youth of the area in the tournament after the The development in the past years has destroyed the talents of the youth.
Nongstoiñ, June 3: “Although the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have already signed the soskular on the border settlement before Amit Shah, the Union Home Minister, “On the other hand, the residents of the border villages have not been satisfied until they have verified by setting the exact boundaries,” said Bah KP Pangniang.
According to Prof Nongkynrih, the weakness of the nation comes from within and this has empowered others from abroad.
The divider on the Shillong-Guwahati highway is too short to cause traffic jams.
At the same time, he encouraged the members of the Movement and advised the Scouts-Guides, Rovers-Rangers by saying that when joining the Movement, they should be people who have a goal to achieve and achieve their goals. The higher ranks of the Movement at the same time should respect the highest morality.
The Chief Guest in his speech congratulated the college and all its management for their hard work and at the same time encouraged the staff of the college to continue to provide services. services for the students of the neighborhood so that the youth of the neighborhood can progress from one level to the next academically and especially morally.
The MLA said that although the Assam government has brought electricity since three years ago in Langpih and other villages bordering Assam, The residents of Meghalaya have not accepted the electricity from Assam, as they are still waiting for the state government to bring electricity for them.
Evergreen, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 105 runs in 23.3 overs.
On the other hand, the HITO leaders said that the CEM has promised to take action in this regard and has directed them to submit the names of the drivers and the ' Agencies' do not have the necessary documents.
Titossterwell said that the meeting discussed many of the problems of the people which have arisen from the government's lockdown in these days, which is still going on today.
Initially, the JHADC had filed a review petition but the Supreme Court rejected and dismissed the review petition.
The foun dation has also conducted various programs aimed at developing practices that can promote sustainable income for farmers, women and youth, such as goat farming, agriculture, tree planting, soybeans and others.
If so, who is being misled? The three laws that the federal government has recently passed and changed are: This article will not dive deep into these laws, but will try to understand why many farmers oppose these laws.
He was accompanied by Dr. Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Samlin Malngiang, Banteidor Lyngdoh, three Ministers of the MDA Government and others were also present.
They met with the KSU leaders led by Bah Osternic Marbaniang, Asst Publicity Secretary of the DDUGKY in Shillong.
It is to be recalled that the post of Syiem of Jirang Hima has been in office for more than two years since the appointment of Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDCMawphlang as EM Elaka and later it was taken over by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor as EM. Former CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem and it has gone to two or three tables of EMs and now it has reached Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
This is also in accordance with the order of the National Green Tribunal, New Delhi which has banned any person, company and others from mining stone from the rivers in the country without mining. License/Quarry Permit is not available.
In 2003, Bah Comfort contested the election from the HSPDP in Jirang constituency.
The reason for this is that the government has also put up hurdles which are like obstacles in front of this resolution.
Other dignitaries present were the Archbishop of Shillong, Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills and Dominic Sangma, Archbishop of Shillong.
About 500 residents of the village left their homes to join hands with the URPC to shut down the company which many villages had complained about many times before the shutdown. the company's drinking water supply.
He also recalled the petrol bomb blast, Patricia Mukhim, in June 2018, in which no arrest has been made so far.
In terms of political parties, it cannot be at all in the present case, because the political parties in India have changed their way of thinking about society, as well as the ethnic parties. its own selfishness, which is clean and selfish and greedy for power and wealth.
The troll has announced that Kong Mukhim will be the candidate of the All India Trinamool Congress in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections. can be accepted.
So far, 100 people have been injured and one has died. President Maduro is currently in hiding at Fort Tiuna. where he was guarded, by Cuban soldiers.
Of these, 11,95,662 are from Shillong Parliamentary constituency while 7,15,07 are from Tura Parliamentary constituency.
Commandant of MLP Bn in Goeragre and I was there until 2009,” said Champion R Sangma.
Let us not only leave it to the workers to protest with the strike but together with you groups and organizations who are leading for the rights of the people, let us give our right hand and our left hand. to improve and enhance the performance and quality of this factory.
He added that the state government has taken action on the issue of including the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India soon.
We say that it is the birth of Jesus Christ, we celebrate it, and the celebration of Jesus Christ should not end in one day, but every day the need to celebrate Jesus Christ in our hearts.
During the meeting, the SSA teachers, the state university, PMUSA and other issues were discussed.
The report found that out of the 46 water tanks, only two water tanks are safe to use while 44 others are unsafe. to be used.
“If this is true, there should also be an intelligence report received by the State in this regard and the Chief Secretary should talk to the Army and the Asem Rifles so that the Hehduh The Army will be aware of this problem and will take immediate action,” she said.
The plane was shot down by a rocket fired from the ground by the Southern Front, which is fighting on the same side as the Free Syrian Army.
RANIKOR: The 74th Anniversary of the Republic of Ranikor Civil Sub Division was celebrated today in a grand manner. The Lama and the salute of the Parade Contingents including Police and Schools in the area at the meeting held at Nolikata Square, Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
“According to the Chief Minister of Assam, about 1.79 sq.kms of land from Khanapara, Pilangkata has gone to Assam including Maikhuli.
“On November 19, 2019, the State Legislative Assembly passed a Resolution urging the Central Government to immediately implement the ILP in the State.
Especially in the North East of India where there are only a small number of people, the Government of India should protect us.
Not only on the part of the vendors but the Association also puts forward the issue of working for the welfare of the community.
The President of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU), Bah LS Rymbai, on Tuesday said, “Pnar students, do you need a proper reservation policy? Khasi students need, if you need, come out on the first day"“If you Pnar students need the Reservation Policy to get jobs to get a good share in education you should “If the Pnar students who are studying in higher secondary schools and colleges in Jaintia Hills, if they really need The Reservation Policy, they should also leave their schools and colleges voluntarily on the 29th of this month, to take part in the protest to be held in Jowai. The event was organized by the JCCRP, a synrop group comprising the Jaintia Students Union, Jaintia Students Movement, Jaintia Youth Federation, East Jaintia National Council, Union of Village Elders Jowai and Union of Village Elders of Jaintia Hills. Students from Class XII and above should think carefully, because what is the point of completing their studies if they don't get government jobs, because at present 40% are Khasi Jaintia and 40% Garo.
It is learned that the school is a school for children up to Class V and is also a school for more than 1000 children in the village.
In another order, the Laban State Dispensary, which is operating from today, has been temporarily closed to prevent the spread of Covid-1
D), football, motorsports, singing & music and others.
If that which is old is taken away, what shall we say that is new? Therefore, the Government of India in 1948 promised to establish the Hima Khasi.
He said that the KHAD (KHAD Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997) was passed by the KHADC, which has also received the approval of the Governor and the State Government. The Social Welfare Department in this year, to issue this order, is a violation of his authority.
“There is only one change that the BJP government has brought to the state, and that is that its people earn a lot of money by opening hotels, big shops. He is in Guwahati,” said Gogoi.
The JYF has condemned the working methods of this department which has no responsibility to provide services to the people in a manner that is safe for human life.
Pig farmers who purchase new pigs should keep them in one place for 20 days and not mix them with pigs they have already raised.
He said that the meeting was held at Khyndai Lad as it is the central place of Shillong where the people from different constituencies like East Shillong, West Shillong, North Shillong, South Shillong and Nongthymmai attended. They cannot come to listen to Modi's speech.
However, there he found the meaning of life.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, NPP MLA from East Shillong constituency and the only woman Minister, expressed her happiness and said that the time has come for more women to start preparing for the elections. be members of the State Legislative Assembly and participate in many matters to be discussed.
Shillong, June 28: The Khasi film directed by Pradip Kurbah of Onaatah – (The World) which won the Best Feature Award at the National Film Award recently was screened at St. Anthony's College today.
Football fans in the state have asked whether the promise to hold and host the Durand Cup next year can be fulfilled.
At 2.00 pm, there will be a meeting between the students who are still studying for post-graduation or those who have completed post-graduation as well as the students who have completed various Professional Courses like Engineering, Nursing. , MBBS.Shillong, Nailar 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has declared its curfew a success and sends its congratulations to the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, Lyngngam and War. that they have worked together in the 48-hour strike, which they say has been successful.
Can't my mother cut off or destroy this love between them?” asked the father.
One of the problems expressed by many is the presence of policemen who are clever enough to stand on the road and collect money from vehicles.
To understand more clearly, you need to know about the Origin of the Holy Communion free from the slavery of Pharaoh of Egypt which is called “Pesakh” in Hebrew, “Paskha” in Khasi which is translated from the Original Hebrew. "Pesach" through the Greek "Easter"
For this reason, Shella was the first village in Khasi Hills to have the first airport but it was destroyed by the earthquake in Khasi Hills in
Speeches were delivered by the President and the Sister in charge of the orphanage.
In Shillong, the Umkhrah River has flooded especially in Polo where there is always flooding during the rainy season.
Other speakers included L. Lakiang, Project Director ATMA, Jowai, Dr D. Paswet, Senior Scientist & Head KVK Jaintia Hills, Dr RK Blah, District Horticulture Officer. District and greetings from LJ Niang SDAO Amlarem.
“The party will request the HSPDP to reverse its decision to support the independent candidate Rev PBM Basaiawmoit.
Crimes such as murder, rape, theft and riots are common even if the police have worked smartly or hard, but u that many of the wicked are still able to walk lightly, to go around the villages and towns, to do deeds of destruction and to destroy many churches.
This is part of the Central Government's Viksit Bharat initiative.
Meanwhile, in the last group match against Sikkim and the semi against Mizoram, Mizoram won by six wickets.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of SNSBH, Bah RL Blah, said that the meeting tomorrow, the office bearers of the Union expect that many Rangbah Shnongs will attend the meeting as the discussion will be on very important issues.
This was announced in Riyadh at a conference entitled 'The Role of University Sports in Supporting the Kingdom's Vision in Sports', organized by the Saudi Universities Sports Federation in collaboration with lang of the Ministry of Education.
Six villages have decided not to oppose the construction of the Star Cement mine.
“The Hima Nongstoin has been directed to collect information from the foreigners who trade and work in the Shahlang area and Shahlang market, so that they can know where they come from and they should verify from the place where they came from. They come with documents, proof from the police of the place where they came from,” said Bah Jambor.
At the same time, the union will demand that the government should hand over the incident to the CBI to investigate so that the facts can be revealed.
Why might the question arise, the answer is as clear as the sun, and from the signs that appear outside is the State that the residents living within it should be divided in half. You can enter the percentage.
After the seizure of heroin, the suspects were arrested for further investigation and charged under the NDPS Act to punish them for their involvement in the smuggling of heroin. Head of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad.
Pilot said that if elected to power, the Congress will establish a dedicated university in the state with a special focus on education to prepare students for the job. and also to create one job for every household in Meghalaya by promoting the self-employment sector.
We need many Tirot Singhs who are strong, not by using the sword or the ryntieh, but who are strong in thought and who can defend the interests of the nation as a whole.
Immediately, they separated.
One of the problems of man is selfishness.
In a letter sent to the DC Ri Bhoi, the Nongpoh MLA said that many of the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam in Ri Bhoi, namely Jirang, Umling, Umsning and Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, do not have any screening center and this has also made it difficult for the people to enter through the forest roads, in order to bring goods from Assam to Meghalaya.
But along the way, there were places where the fuel in the vehicles was stolen.
The production of dewbilat from 12,000 metric tonnes has dropped to 5,000 to 6,000 metric tonnes due to the lack of equipment.
China has been fighting hard to eradicate the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. The government has imposed strict rules to prevent the people from leaving their homes and this has caused the people of the country to face starvation in these days.
The CRPF in collaboration with the Women and Child Development Department organized this motorcycle race to celebrate Nari Shakti (empowerment of women) in the country.
At the same time, he said that the BJP has deceived the people of the area by saying that it will withdraw Rs 15 lakh from the account but without success, it has canceled the schemes that should have been changed. the North East Industrial Promotion Policy.
It was also decided to amend the Meghalaya Civil Service Rules 1975 and that is, those MCS officers, who have attended training under MATI and the marks they have obtained, in these trainings, will be subject to together with the examinations conducted by the MPSC, in order to promote them in their jobs.
However, the turnout of the people to attend this meeting shows that it is not right to play with this poor party, which is supported by the people who love the country and the nation not only from the lips, but from the lips. from the depths of the heart.
The MTDF has suspended the annual Syunrai festival in Umiam for the same reason, the ILP protest,” said Bah Lanong.
The team will also visit the CR&D Block to assess about 40,000 children.
The Dragon, the Dragon and the Number can appear in different forms.
Let us not turn back again, for we have completed our rynieng rynioit.
At the same time, Ardent said that the KHADC will no longer issue trading license to foreigners if they ask for work that the land owners can do. even those Trading Licenses of foreigners which are for the purposes of activities that the land owners have been able to do.
Shillong: The process of demanding the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the country has been stalled to meet the requirements of the Ministry of Home Affairs of India.
What is needed is that we do something by “taking care to follow the teachings of the government” and also to ask for God's mercy so that He will reveal to the scientists the new techniques in the laboratories or the their workplace in just a few moments.
Furthermore, Bah Metbah also spoke about the era of technology and urged the students to take advantage of the best that technology has to offer and also to be vigilant and avoid evils. that the technology brings.
In order for any nation to grow and move forward, it needs to hold on to its foundational customs.
This is the second threat by the HNLC against the NPP workers in less than 10 months.
The parents of Heimonmi Synnah said that they will fight as much as they can to send him to further education so that he can get what he wants after completing his studies.
Regarding the civil society organizations, we don't know whether they have received permission from the Deputy Commissioner to distribute food items, or whether they have gone on their own initiative to help the people. If so, it shows another issue and that is that the speech of the government officials has turned upside down, in relation to the reality in the villages or that we can say, that the government , she used to speak boldly, saying that the rice is plentiful, but if the rice is plentiful, the Sengbhalang, they need to go and distribute the food, while in many villages in the city, there are also many who They are members of these groups.
Shillong: Four people have died of the coronavirus in the past 24 hours, according to reports.
Comedian Simon Brodkin, an Englishman, threw away the counterfeit dollar bill and told Blatter, "This is for North Korea
Shillong: The District Council of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the District Council will appeal to the Supreme Court against the state government's refusal to implement the ILP. The Council does not have the authority to implement the ILP. Shylla said that the District Council has not passed a new law on the ILP but has accepted the existing law approved by the Governor in the past few years. Shylla said that the KHADC will go to the Supreme Court next month to appeal against the ILP. this is the government's action.
We want to know why they have been banned, isn't it because these vehicles are still in doubt whether they have the disease? If it is true that these vehicles do not know 100% that they do not have the disease, then there is no point in banning them from driving freely, because it is not clear whether the law has been passed for these vehicles, However, we as a people still have that fear of them.
In fact, the protest has been more intense with the Karbi because in the field of deititi there are still many cases of conflict.
Shillong, Shillong: U Bah Michael Kharsyntiew on Thursday inaugurated the Nursing Room of Ruprekha High School, Lawmali, Shillong. the Principal's room and the office of the school.
The angry crowd surrounded the police at the scene, and the police continued to chase them away, but the crowd threw stones at the police. The crowd blocked all the roads and roads to prevent police from other places from coming to help.
Many parties are not located anywhere else but in Meghalaya and some parties are located only in a few districts of the state.
God warns, “But the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord: and the Lord for the body” (1 Corinthians 6:13).
Similarly, the court said that there is illegal mining of coal in which in many cases, the government turns a blind eye.
It is learned that the man, Pramod Sharma, 32, went into the water to swim, at the place above the boat ramp in the river and immediately drowned.
Shillong: The Income Tax Department in Shillong on Tuesday held a meeting with the city's political parties to investigate the deposits during the demonetization period. 14 January, 2019.
The Director of JHDS, Fr.Manbha Pakem, explained about the activities of JHDS and has done to bring about development in all aspects through the cooperation of the Director of JHDS. many voluntary groups.
“Tomorrow we will leave for Delhi to meet with Amit Shah to discuss this issue and to get the rights of the four people. bring forth any disturbances to disturb the peace and order.
The Nongstoin Presbytery Women's Church has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station the next day and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills (EKH) has imposed a curfew (Section 144) as part of the curfew in Shillong and other surrounding areas. Cr.
The exhibition, which supports the theme and showcases the technologies, advances and solutions available in water related fields, will be part of the IWW. meters at the IWW-2022 at the India Expo Center, Greater Noida.
Lamare fled the scene after committing the robbery against Kong Khongwar on 9th June.
The open mining of Mawshun without any scientific protection has affected the people especially in terms of drinking water supply during the rainy season because of all the waste produced from the Mawshun mines as well as those produced. Therefore, the government has affected the wells in the War Jaintia area.
The newly elected leaders of the party include the President, Samla Bluenisha Nongbet, Vice President, Gabriel Nongrum, General Secretary, Krialda Sylliang, Assistant Secretary, Khrawbor Kharkongngor, Treasurer, Nishalki Iakai, Advisor, Dr. Verity Markhap, Auditor, Cornelius Laloo and included 9 members of the Executive Committee.
Police resource should be adopted for arriving at competitive management.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, said that as an MLA, he has taken responsibility for this task together with the MDC, the team of the health department and the police. Ri-Bhoi, where the main purpose is to raise awareness among the public on how to be vigilant against the outdoors and especially to prevent the entry of foreigners and especially that the area is a near the Jagiroad.
For the year 2010, the revenue collection of the department was T.29.62 lakh, June T.26.02 lakh, July T.29.49 lakh, June T.31.65, July T.26.29, April T.27.62 lakh. .46.22 lakh, Naiwieng T.42.87 lakh, Nohprah T.39.08 lakh.
According to a report prepared by the Executive Committee and submitted by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on the first day of the Dorbar Tlang of the Council, the Commission has been recognized by the KHADC. and Promotion of Khasi Traditional Medicine) Act, 2011.
The meeting was held after the police was able to cease the supply of drugs worth Rs.4.5 crores from a woman named Veineithem Haokip,aged 25 years,from Teigang (Manipur) as she was entering Meghalaya with a young boy through a Night Super.
“However, on Thursday when the Returning Officers gave the symbols, all the candidates we contested received Prah and this was a victory for us as a party,” he said.
The JSM and the Khanduli Village Authority have decided to suspend their protest demanding the relocation of the revenue collection gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in Khanduli.
He said that the Khasi Authors' Society since its inception has taken one goal to preserve the Khasi language especially to develop it in the field of literature.
app-facebookCHP – Williamson FridayOn 10/10/19, at 2:20 PM, the driver of a Toyota Prius traveling westbound on SR-16 failed to yield to traffic at SR-20.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Gavin Mylliem said, “In the meeting with Bah Wilbert, we have witnessed his responsibility for the community, in which he has set the rules before Bah Auspicious.
Similarly, it was reported that a family died in shock that night after they found their son, who had lost his arms, legs and even his head.
When asked about the incentive received by ASHAs, he replied that Meghalaya has been one of the strongest states to provide protection to ASHAs. they have received what they are waiting for.
They said that the Bill should also be translated into the Khasi language so that the different kurs can understand and easily discuss the writings and ideas contained in it.
It was the Greek Empire, which began in the 12th-9th century B.C., which means that the Greek Empire ruled from 800 B.C.
I have also reminded you regarding the appointment of teachers but the Government has ignored this too.
On the same day, the participants also took the oath of Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra to achieve a developed and self-sufficient India by
He said that this will make it easier for the parents because in the past they had to send or transfer such children to Bethany Hospital or Shillong, which has caused problems especially to the poor families. but now they have received the treatment which does not require anything.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that all the students who return to Meghalaya will have to pass the examination at the gate first with the Rapid Test Kit and then they will have to pass the examination through the RTCPR. If their results are negative, the youths will be sent to quarantine facilities and after 10 days they will be examined again for a positive result.
In Assam, 208 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 2,681 with 39 cases from Hojai, 24 cases from Dhubri and 10 cases from Nagaon. , 7 from Golaghat, 6 from Majuli, 5 from Lakhimpur and one from Dhemaji among other places.
However, in this age, many of them have begun to ignore or refuse to speak their own language, but they have forgotten that the danger is already there because any nation, which forgets or who doesn't know his own language, he may disappear completely from this face of the earth.
According to this order, there will be a ban on the opening of shops and also on the construction of buildings and roads in public places within Pyndengumiong.
If we don't surprise people now, we too will die.
Shillong, March 08 – The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has expressed its deep sorrow over the circumcision of children. children at the North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIG RIHMS) at Mawdiangdiang, Shillong on the 6th of this month.
Albinus's reply made the House laugh but James Ban Basaiawmoit was angry with Albinus's statement that it should insult the MDCs and demanded to name the MDCs. James Ban said that the answer of Bah Albinus that there are three fish ponds of the District Council in Lailad is wrong as there are four ponds and three ponds are operational while one is not. engage.
Jarain SCC 13 points, Dongmihsngi Mupyut 11 points, Pdengkarong Youth Club 8 points, Mani Bha 5 points, Umladkhur 4 points and Thangbuli 3 points.
The Dorbar Shnong Saiden today inaugurated and cut the ribbon of the parking lot. public before the public can use it.
After the victory against Chinese Taipei, Uttam Singh's team will prepare better for the match against Pakistan on the 27th of this month; before playing Thailand in their final pool match on the 28th of this month.
It is the way in my life.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Lumbor Mawsor said that this is the fourth time that the festival has been held by the District Administration. organization to run the festival.
She said that there should be a daily census to the public regarding COVID-19 and requested the government to follow the right path at this time and not to that the government should walk in the right direction, to avoid corruption and to build trust among the people of the state.
“I don't know what to do.
“Other people are looking for knowledge to go to the moon or to the sun and we are looking for a PhD to go to jail.
Nongpoh: A 23-year-old girl from Sumer, Ri Bhoi, has been seriously injured in a collision with a Honda Brio. AS-01-BL-8603.
“We have also distributed other essential equipment to the Shillong Traffic Police and handed over computers, laptops and other IT equipment to our officers in different districts,” he added.
“It is not that we are preparing for the election but what is important is what we have done in the last four years,” he said. “The UDP has taken over the KHADC,” said Titosstar.
“There was a man who was running fast because he was chased by a snake, so he fell on a tree and when he reached the top of that tree, there was a fish. and so he opened his mouth and felt the cleanliness that flowed , and because of the excessive cleanliness and excessive sweetness he forgot those troubles that awaited him at the bottom of the house uta U dieng" This story is exactly like our leaders today, while they have not yet received what they want, they show and pray that they are truly those leaders who truly love the country and the nation. .
The unidentified woman is about 4 feet tall, medium in height and wearing a white dress with blue and red stripes, a white rosary with a wooden cross and gold and silver jewelry.
“The amount we have received is only T. 251 crore and out of this share from the state government, T.55 crore and from the Indian government is T.196 crore. klur and what we have received is not as they alleged that we have received T.1005 crore and this is a false statement”.
Sankaraiah, who has been elected as an MLA three times from the party, was a prominent leader during the Marxist movement in the country, especially in Tamil Nadu.
However, if this government comes back, it will surely follow suit with the Assam government.
Moscow: Russia has run out of weapons in its three-month war against Ukraine, US officials said.
Both of these matches ended 2-0
Earlier, Prof Laloo said the names of the 10 blocks are Selsella (55.37), Saipung (57.12), Laskein (57.40), Dadenggiri (57.71), Khliehriat (58.78), Songsak ( 62.50), Thadlaskein (64.45), Tikrikilla (62.40), Zikzak (67.14) and Dambo Rongjeng (68.45).
A photoshoot was also held with BJP leaders including Arun Jaitley, Sushma Swaraj, Ananth Kumar, M Venkaiah Naidu, Nitin Gadkari, Chief Ministers of the state. Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Raman Singh and Manohar Parrikar, who stood together to show that the party is united under the leadership of Narendra Modi.
“What do we do for only 10 months when we have received the money? I can't explain,” said one of the employees.
# Respondent No.1.
The Governor has also summoned the leaders of these two parties whether Harsh Vardhan of the BJP or Arvind Kejriwal of the AAP. He said that the Presidential Government will submit the proposal to the Union Cabinet and if the Cabinet approves it, it will be decided by the Presidential Government in Delhi.
In the People's Republic (not only do they have the right to form a JUBAN-LAK) these Rangbah also have the right to nominate themselves before the People to elect them.
Other allocations were made to the General Administration Department T.3.84 crore; T.1.33 crore to the Forest Administration Department, T.1.08 crore to the Revenue and Finance Department.
Government departments that have provided assistance to the Lawse are the Education (DI Office) which has provided assistance to schools, the Soil & Water Conservation Department which has provided assistance to schools, the Department of Soil & Water Conservation which has provided assistance to schools. MeECL has provided electricity to some households but has not yet provided electricity to all the households especially in Domsaw, Nongstoin Block only MNREGS (100 days). ), Fishery has helped to build fish ponds only for a few individuals and PWD has provided roads from Nongjyllieh to Disyiang and from Nongjyllieh to Sangriang via Tynrong Ladew, Sohlait, Lawse, Sohparu, Disyiang and from Lawse, Mawdu to Sangriang.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that on receipt of the information, police have launched a patrol from Tura to Phulbari via Selsella and then back to Tura via Dadenggre-Rongram.
The Shad Nongkrem brought together the Khasi community in the colors and joy of their traditional religion.
Of these, the UN has selected the top five projects in 18 categories and awarded them the Champion Project award.
Roads and paths which should have lasted for at least 10 years without maintenance, but once a heavy rainfall has taken away the clean color because it is too stang and not according to the specification.
Speaking at a rally in Gambegre, West Garo Hills, TMC MLA Zenith Sangma said, “It was Dr. Mukul Sangma who started the first to provide T.5,000 as an allowance to women to support their own families; However, Conrad Sangma has terminated the scheme without thinking.
John 3:5.
He said that to achieve Modi's vision and aspiration, the Central Government has also turned to all the States to have hospitals like AIIMS and is pleased to take NEIGRIHMS Shillong as one of the hospitals to upgraded to the status of AIIMS for the benefit of the people.
This victory is for Morocco and Arabia, it is the fruit of our hard work," said Jraidi.
Many in the world do not fear God and do not know who God is until they face the great challenges of this life.
They also informed that the Framework Agreement is not only an important social framework for peace talks, but also a social framework to guide the work and implement measures related to peace talks. and therefore the provisions of this soskular should be respected for the sake of peace and order in the Naga areas.
According to Starwin, there are only about 80 disabled people who have been employed in the government in the state.
“I also commend you as brave men, because what you have shown to the world through your brave deeds, you no longer consider yourselves women, because you have done something that is not Men cannot do it either, so I urge you as brave men to continue their brave deeds in your daily life,” said Bah H.Marwein.
“We urge the Nongrum and Warjri clans to come together to give their support to Bah Nongrum and Samla Goldy on this issue, which is very important,” said the Secretary of Thynroid.
Tens of thousands of supporters from various parties in the constituencies of Ri Bhoi District attended the hearing of the nomination papers.
The party also announced the second list of candidates including Martle N. Mukhim from Mawkynrew Constituency, Wyraiwan Sohtun from Mawryngkneng Constituency, Sandondor Ryntathiang from Sohiong Constituency and u Bah Starfing Love Langpen Pdahkasiej of Mawsynram Constituency.
We cannot blame others for the sins of others.
Five persons in the vehicle managed to escape from the vehicle, while three others were arrested.
Even he told the newspapers to implement more.
Jowai Co-operative Urban Bank Ltd.
“A strong and independent investigation team should be appointed to conduct an investigation into this allegation to reveal the facts,” said Dr Roy.
Leaders of the Central Body will also be present.
JOINRIWELL PYRTUH (NPP) – 22543.
He also requested the Minister to allow these students to complete their RAWE program under the supervision of CAU at Kyrdemkulai, which is also part of CAU in Imphal.
The central theme of Chad Sukra 2024 is “If You Know And Obey The Laws Of God, You Will Be Happy On Earth”.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, five new cases have been confirmed from West Garo Hills, two from South Garo Hills, two from West Jaintia Hills, one from North Garo Hills and one from West Khasi Hills.
“What Modi will give to the state and what will benefit us will end up in expectation,” he said.
Without intending to write, Honorable Speaker, I put before you this question, as the President of the Seng Saiñhima which also forms this Government, can you escape from the persecution here and there and Give an impartial judgment, if you find that there is indeed corruption in which Government Ministers and others may be involved? Not to underestimate the power and authority of the Shongknor, but as the residents we urge the Lokayukta to expedite the investigation into the complaint of Kong Angela Rngad and others who have complained against the bus stop. ISBT, construction of bridges, roads and other corrupt activities.
We call upon all the residents of the State especially on the border to be vigilant and maintain peace and order.
Jowai, July 31 : One of the free eye check up camps was organized by Sambor Surong, President of West Jaintia Hills District Adventure Sports and Mountaineering Club. The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Khimusniang Dorbar Shnong, Jowai.
Khliehriat, March 3: The Hindu festival of Dussehra (Maha Navami Dashmi) has started in East Jaintia Hills District. the gods in the prepared places.
The meeting was conducted by the President, Bah N.Tympuiñ, welcome speech by Bah P.Wanniang, short speeches by the Chief Adviser, Bah Valentine Thyrniang, Chief Organizer, Bah Kynphamlin V. Kharlyngdoh, MPCC Secretary Manuel Badwar and INC MBCC General Secretary Andreas Kharkongor, General Secretary of the INC MBCC. at Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday launched a campaign against the MDA 1 government in the past three years. two councils which have never worked at all while the salary of chairman and co-chairman has exceeded Rs 4 crore.
It is learned that Bull Shylla has a mental illness and since the time of his disappearance, his family members have not been able to trace him.
The 34-year-old doctor, who was diagnosed with the disease on November 30, 2019, was summoned by the doctors on charges of intimidating people.
“At this meeting, all the political parties including the National People's Party (NPP) expressed their concern over the incident in Manipur. I urge the Central Government to take all necessary measures to ensure that peace and stability should return to Manipur”.
He also urged the people to take care of whatever the government brings for their development by using and taking care of it as their own.
Mawkyrwat: Two persons were seriously injured and four others seriously injured when a Bolero Camper in which they were traveling collided with a truck on Thawlong River near Mawkyrwat Market.
Babu Kular Khongjirem During these elections, we have seen that the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of the MDA government have tried to avoid or avoid the decision of the Union Home Minister of India, Amit Shah.
Speaking to media, JAC President Bah Diswelroy Kharkongngor said that the quarrymen should not worry about the government's rules but should start working again because of the promise of the people's leaders, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. , Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and Bah Lambor Malngiang to be responsible for this task.
In a statement, the BDO is also a person who is ready to help the villages to resolve the shortcomings that the villages have been facing since the beginning of the year. Wanbah L.Diengdoh as BDO, the work of the party has gone smoothly and there has been nothing wrong with the work of the party.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shri William Shylla of Pyrtakuna, the Ranger of Shymplong, Bah Apstarling Syih and the Rangbah of Lumtongseng, Bah Wonly Kyndoh, spoke on the basis of maintaining and cleaning the Lukha River. so that the people who live from the Lukha River can benefit.
Even Shillong does not have adequate training facilities and for example, the Badminton players of the State have only two training facilities, one Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium at Lachumiere and the other JN Sports Complex at Polo. .
(Use 1 to 2 seeds per box of fertilizer; 3 pawa to 1 song of seeds per plastic bag of fertilizer).
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction to see the number of participants this year especially from those remote areas including Ranikor Block.
Bah Pynshai congratulated the staff in the district who have been responsible for the decline in the number of cases including ASHAs, SWs, ANMs and Medical Officers in the PHCs/CHCs. He also congratulated the Shnongs and VHSNCs in the District who have joined hands to make the District the lowest number of cases.
Some parts of China, including Beijing, have begun to witness heat waves.
From this incident we learn a lesson about true worship.
Thangkhiew in his speech; He reminded them of the need to be clean by starting with themselves.
This same sin of blood has been inherited until now and has become more and more common especially in these days. There is something hidden and there is something revealed, but God sees as He saw in Sodom and Gomorrah.
However, while his security guard was driving the vehicles, the DC urged the driver of the Mahindra to leave the road.
We believe that we are low paid, we have only about 100 (shispah) people per square kilometre, and we are afraid that we will be overwhelmed by the Bengalis who have more than 700 people per square kilometre. Assamese have more than 300 people per square kilometre, and South Indians have more than 800 people per square kilometre.
Lionel has taken over from Jorge Sampaoli after the team lost in the pre-quarterfinals of the 2018 World Cup in Russia. where Scaloni was only interim manager of the team and before he could establish himself in the position.
“The government or the HLC has never met with the residents of this area, how can they claim to be the owners of this area, by sitting inside the office and taking the decision to evict, When they do this, there must be consensus on any decision or they can go through the court and tell them, but they cannot just accept the order of the Cabinet and the Prime Minister will just Announce in the media that they will remove them within a day. This is not good.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Organizing Secretary of the union, Bah Mangkara Shylla, said that if the order is issued to wear uniforms for taxi drivers, they will not work at all. all government employees if there is such a law.
In a petition sent to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, the Jirang MLA said that he has urged the government to send new personnel to the hospital. The PHC is one of the health centers that cares for about 50,000 people living in the border villages of Meghalaya-Assam.
Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Chief Minister, Minister and others were present.
She said they have reached an agreement with experts from Arunachal Pradesh to identify 18 training centers and train about 35 community resource persons (CRPs) who have been promoted and trained. in their areas in order to try this old or traditional farming method.
The Delimitation Committee of KHADC has conducted a public hearing on the restructuring of the constituencies especially to increase the population as some constituencies have a large number of voters while There are four constituencies that have a few.
World Rabies Day is celebrated every year on 28th September.
He said the revised estimate of the central government's revenue share for the current fiscal year is estimated at T.7,386 crore, adding that this is about 18% higher than the budget allocation. 6,264 crore.
Shillong, July 22 : The Defense Minister, Amit Shah, on Tuesday said that he will send MPs and Union Ministers or an Inter-Ministerial Central Team (IMCT) to visit the affected areas. Meghalaya and Assam so that they can calculate the extent of the damage and so that the central government can allocate funds to assist these two states.
This was also enforced by the High Court Order of the Meghalaya High Court Shillong in
Champion's lawyers were Liz Mathew, Shah Rukh Alam and Philip Mathew while the government was represented by Ranjan Mukherjee, Daniel Stone Lyngdoh and Subhro Sanyal.
He also criticized the agreement between the ethnic parties in the North East and the BJP to form the NEDA. He said that the NEDA is not the agreement to form a coalition government in He said that the NEDA was formed only to provide guidance and guidance to the ethnic parties how to speak against the Congress in the Legislative Assembly.
Nongpoh, Naitung 15: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung Border Area (KSU) on Tuesday announced that the Assam Government will implement the electricity distribution scheme in Block II of Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi District. They have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the issue of implementation of the electricity distribution scheme in Sabuda village under Raid Nongtung. the village authorities and also to the government of Meghalaya.
The two-day Seminar, Khadi-Pledge, Khadi Charcha, Khadi Yatra and Mini Exhibition was held by this office from 27th to 28th March at NEHU, Umshing, EKHD, Shillong where seven stalls were set up to display the clothes and accessories produced by the manufacturers and artisans from the state.
This is Mr. Dame’s foresight which we should commend.
He said that the delay in submitting the proposal for the grant 2014-2015 from the government is due to the delay of the two MDCs HDR Lyngdoh and Latiplang in submitting their proposals.
MPUF President Kyrshan Blah, San Shnong Circle President Jony Phawa, Wapung Unit President Samely Siangshai and several other members have given one day to MePDCL to immediately resolve the price hike. Don't burn electricity so that it doesn't affect the people.
This was announced in a statement by Bah EK Sohshang, Secretary.
“Like all parents, we want to have a healthy child,” said Fabiana.
Shillong, November : The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers' Union (HPWU) today sent its condolences to the wife, children and family of Bah Alestar N.Diengdoh on the sudden passing away of Bah Alestar N.Diengdoh.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Upper Shillong Circle on Tuesday held a special meeting to strengthen and improve the work of the FKJGP. The leaders of three units of the party including FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, FKJGP Mawrashe Unit & FKJGP Mawkhan Unit, at this meeting, were able to renew the office bearers of these three units under the umbrella of FKJGP Three Village Area Unit.
Shillong: U Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem on Tuesday said that if the freight railway comes to the state, it will help the people to get cheap goods, because it will improve the freight transportation, not like now. , where it is transported by car.
The Minister also informed that English and Mathematics will be available from 5th to 10th June while Science NCERT Meghalaya Edition will be available from next month.
Therefore, the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District have issued an order to temporarily suspend the 2nd National Nongpoh Trade Expo
When UDP MLA Mawkyrwat Bah Renikton L Tongkhar wanted to know about the subsidies provided to the livestock sector, the Minister said that the program was just started last year. The Government has distributed pigs and cows to various farmers.
The meeting was attended by Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Ministers, Rangbah Shnongs and other dignitaries.
The Governor was welcomed by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, Superintendent of Police, Bikram D Marak, District Officers, Police, Inspectors. The temple as well as the villagers, officers from various government departments and students of Ram Krishna Mission Secondary School, Nartiang.
Witnesses were immediately called to the scene of the truck and with the help of the guards, the coins of the umphniang top were removed from the chamber where it was found that the bottles of Phensedyl were loaded.
Until now, the violence in Garo Hills has been so intense that peace and order has been destroyed and the people have been living in misery.
The school was constructed at a cost of T.37,02,028/- under the State Scheme for the first phase (Phase I). -Bhoi District, Chairman of the Managing Committee, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary, Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong, Members of the School Managing Committee, Village Youth Associations, Parents and Students and teachers.
The death toll includes 13 from EKH, 06 from WJH, 02 from EJH, 02 from WGH and 01 from RBD.
You don't have to pay compensation to those who don't.
The synjuk was established on 21st July,
Therefore the tyngkheiñ of the year and the month, There is a blessing on earth.
Jowai: Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State for Commerce and Industries Department and others were the chief guests at the Dorbar of the Kur Dhar. , speaking as the chief guest, said that the recognition and interaction between the brothers and sisters is very important.
The first judgment will be only for those who believe in Jesus, that judgment will be in heaven (1 Thess. 4:17). Corinthians 3:13).
On the empty highways, they had to build tents to put the bodies of people, men, women, and children, which caused the world to become angry with the Syria, over the attack on its own people.
This scheme is implemented under the guidelines of the National Rainfed Areas Authority.
The Anti Narcotic Task Forces (ANTF) led by SDPO Sardar Jagpal Sigh Dhanoa said, “We have received information about the smuggling of drugs into the state through commercial vehicles. Police have arrested a Night Super bus (MN04P 1451) at Mawryngkneng at 12:30 pm. 930grams of drugs worth Rs 4.5 crore were seized from the police.
The court wants to know how the curfew was violated and whether there has been a complaint against those who violated the curfew.
Lamare also struggled to score a goal from the penalty spot before the end of the first half but managed to score only one goal without a chance to score another goal. you have to suffer the consequences.
We all celebrate and remember only Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah as leaders.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP Sengkmie and Ri Bhoi, have donated computers to Mangkathiang Makdoh Secondary School, Umpowin, Ri Bhoi.
For example, from God's Word, Miriam and Aaron, Moses' sisters, murmured against Moses.
However, they do not understand the services of this factory on the entire Sohra region which has provided services to every household.
For the glory of God Himself.
It is to be recalled that the District Level football tournament started on the 25th in which five winners from different Block participated to win the title.
Rihok Sumer General Secretary Rihok Sumer General Secretary and Corita Langbang President Women Wings BAM welcomed the guests and welcomed the guests. -JH.Nongpoh, Lber 23: Mahatma Gandhi University, 13 mer Byrnihat today honored 493 students at the 3rd Convocation who have completed various courses including 154 students who have completed their studies. Post Graduate, 261 Graduate and 78 PhD graduates were held at the auditorium hall of the university.
“Since I entered the political arena, I have tried to hold on to my position or to deviate from the position I have already expressed to the people. election campaign.
Heavy rains since the morning of the 4th have also destroyed many boats, tents, belongings used in the campsites and caused loss of life. It is a great opportunity for the people of the village especially those who earn their living from tourism in the village.
The statement said that the party has found that these four persons are committing anti-party activities and has sought an explanation from them by the Pynursla Circle with the information of the District.
A case has been registered against the drug traffickers under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act and a case was filed against them at the Tauru Police Station on Tuesday. the police reported.
In the past, up to 60% of the international community has been attracted to South Korean products.
Shillong, Jymmang 2 : The Ministry of Railways has approved the implementation of the 120 km railway project from Balurghat via the Bangladesh Highway to Mahendraganj and Tura.
He said that the events across the country have shown that the people have now turned to the Congress in the upcoming MP elections.
The reason for the incident was not disclosed.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that such a meeting is good so that the central government knows the status of this issue, because to listen to only one side will not bring results, but if you listen to both parties and examine the documents they will understand how this case is.
From this bridge, the landscape is spread by the surrounding hills and on the right side of the road there is a hill called Lum Mawklang.
However, the power of the bra helped a lot and Rose gave birth safely and now her breasts have become smaller and stronger.
Shillong, June 09: Kayaking in Meghalaya, although not yet the most popular, has started to grow with the emergence of young people to kayak in the Umtrew River, Ri Bhoi District.
The work that the group has done has been seen through Facebook by cleaning up many of the places where passengers throw garbage.
Police said that the operation to rescue the people and provide assistance to the family is ongoing at the time of writing.
He also urged the government to talk to the authorities in charge of the temple not to pollute this place as all the garbage goes straight into the river and because it has been dumped in front of the temple. .
The more wrong the way of thinking in religion, customs and traditions, the more our country and nation becomes more and more destroyed and freed and falls into forty kinds of evils and becomes more and more destroyed.
He said that as the youth they have a great role to play in bringing about a society free from crime by giving an example of the dangers of drugs. He called upon the youth to join hands with the youth to join hands for the future of the nation. rat stick to the drug.
Unfortunately, no one guides the youth.
Thus, the Tribals are no longer separate indigenous peoples with their own stories, but Hindus who choose to live in the forests.
On her part, she urged the traditional healers to give their support in terms of Active Case Finding (ACF), as well as to provide assistance to those patients who diagnosed with TB – to take them for treatment at nearby government facilities.
General of the AJWYO Secretary General, Bah R. Siangshai.
The elections in these four states will be held before 7th November and the counting of votes will be held on 11th November
He said that he hopes that through this committee, they will be able to select the best men and women who will participate in the MDSA. At the same time, he said that the MDSA has a great desire to win prizes in the long distance and and hope that those who will lead will bring the fruit of victory.
He said that in these cases, physically strong people have to be judged.
The award was presented to the winner by Edmund Khongngai, who will contest the AITC MLA election from Pynursla, in the presence of the country's sports star Aiborlang Khongjee, RMSA office bearers, Namshai Ryngksai and Kevin Suting. , Jurius Majaw, Siniphil B Tariang, and others.
On the other hand, the MLA and the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Byrnihat Area, regarding the need of the residents to get a proper garbage dump, have decided to send a letter to the state government to take action. The allocation of funds for the construction of a state-of-the-art landfill will not affect the environment and the health of the people.
After listening to the speakers both against and against the HYC, the Vice President of Ribhoi District, Bah RC.Thangkhiew, said that the HYC does not support this company. The union is listening to the voice of the people and if there is a complaint from the people and the people are facing problems, the union will meet with the EM of the District Council who is in charge of the Forest Department and the DC. Ribhoi and the MLA of Jirang Constituency to discuss this issue.
Man will have to adapt himself to the necessity within the environment.
However, if there is a side effect, it will be harmful and dangerous not only to the teachers but especially to the innocent students who will be affected by this new drug. .
Shillong: The Hyundai Service Center at Mawblei and the Rynjah State Dispensary at Rynjah will be temporarily closed.
It is found that especially during the rainy season, all the bih niut enters the soil and no plants can grow in this area. The union said that this type of toxic particles pose a threat to the people who breathe.
Manipur won one gold medal in the tournament.
The renovation of the JN Stadium (Polo Ground, Shillong) will be completed in October
He said he puts forward to work with the youth to improve the society.
God appeared to John in the last days, to show the world what must soon take place on this earth, and the end of the things of this world. get knowledge to prepare your life.
When the thief was arrested, the Byrnihat Police Outpost was informed and they rushed to the scene.
Referring to agriculture, he said that the synsar produced in Meghalaya has a large market in other parts of India.
Police did not release the number of casualties or the details and name of the suspect in the incident.
“Not only in the city but also in the countryside, our Khasi are like that.
The Sohphoh Dorbar Shnong has imposed strict measures to curb the spread of COVID-1
“This shows the spread of corruption and the Federation will not remain silent on this corruption,” said Marak. “Until now, this is the only road that the residents of the area rely on for their daily commute and for other purposes.
He said that the Seng Khasi has not been forbidden to hold the ritual as they wish but has been forbidden to open only the foundation stone.
The Minister of State for Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on July 1, 2013, on Tuesday visited the earthquake affected village in Nongpriang, Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block. the relatives of the four victims who died in the incident.
The message from Fr John Madur Chancellor was written in English.
During these election months, we have seen that the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister of the MDA government have tried to avoid or run away from the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah.
The body of the deceased will be laid to rest tomorrow at the Barato Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
Before becoming an Apostle, Paul was the most terrible persecutor and was the Saul of Tarsus who used to persecute the followers of Jesus Christ, but on the road to Damascus his life was transformed.
The farmers said that even if the lyer or slap comes at such a time, if the crop doesn't grow, it doesn't matter.
On the same day, the Under-14 players, RC Evening School Mihmyntdu (winner of 2022), HK Singh Memorial Secondary School will represent the State in the International Subroto Mukherjee Cup in Bengaluru today. u year.
Even when there are skilled candidates to lead, but because of poverty, the people have to chase money.
The Government should use its powers to immediately close all schools in the State this year! to any country, or to any country, which we cannot count.
It was also found that the Engineers and other employees of PHE are working very hard, but they are not doing anything.
All these labs have confirmed that the drug is safe, effective and safe, and Meghalaya Medical Drugs & Services Ltd has immediately taken steps to verify the quality of the drug. to address any concerns that may arise and not to affect the batch.
Smriti Zubin Irani – Minister of Women and Child Development; and Minister of Textiles15.
Rep also called Santa for help.
He also spoke about Chandrani Murmu who was elected as a Speaker of the House when she was 25 years old.
The office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong are Mr. Bungwell Kharbani, Sordar, Mr. Blasius Iawlar, Vice-Chairman, Mr. Pressmanwell Iawren, Secretary, Mr. Herman Iawren, Asst Secretary, Mr. Promstar Puwein, Treasurer and Mr. Shelin Iawren, Finance Secretary.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Yanthungo Patton, said that Wokha district, which borders Assam, is one of the districts in Nagaland with the highest number of drug users. the state.
The trader was on his way to Rongsak market and was abducted from Bansam Awe village.
When asked how the UDP will react as the Government has earlier said that it cannot postpone the MoU, Mayralborn said time will tell because of the change of government.
He said this is not only in terms of financial assistance, but also in terms of being able to support themselves, encouraging self-employment and making the community thrive.
He said that his name did not appear in the report.
What is rabies? Rabies is a disease that affects the head and can be spread to humans through the saliva of animals that carry the disease, about 90% of which are dogs.
The truth will remain the truth even if we don't all accept it.
Jowai, July 05: The Rotary Club Jowai (RCJ) on Saturday held its Induction Ceremony for the year 2022 at Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong, Jowai.
More than 4700 teachers from all the NIOS Centers across the districts of the state will take part in the examination.
The heavy rainfall has also caused the flooding of the Myntdu River and other areas where the rice has been flooded and the farmers have been affected by the harvesting season.
Byforcestar Dhar scored two goals in the 37th & 70+2 minutes and Kermi Dkhar scored the other in the 56th minute.
Regarding the increasing number of rnga deforestation, it cannot be said that the main reason is the lack of action by the government and the forest department.
In these days, we have seen and heard the initiative of the authorities in many countries, which has included this tourism industry by the government by creating a department called the Ministry of Tourism, Department of Tourism and various agencies to implement the needs related to tourism.
The BJP has not backed down in its efforts to introduce the Immigration Act or it is now understood that it will take another route to introduce the bill in the Rajya Sabha.
In West Jaintia Hills District, the program was conducted across the blocks with the participation of school children who called on the public to work together to eradicate tobacco smoking in the state.
Earlier, in the afternoon, a meeting was held at Madan Mynkoi Pyrdi Loompydi Ïongpiah Jowai in the presence of Jowai MLA, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla. different dong.
Dr.TJ Sangma spoke on the need for mental well-being.
ISIS militants have massacred 39 schoolchildren and two adults at a school in Uganda.
Mulait United FC won the title by beating Lamyrsiang SCC 1-0 in the final of the Super Division Football League (SBSA) at Lamyrsiang Stadium on 18th November.
The Forum urges the government, through the Prime Minister, to look after these people living on the border, said a statement from Thomas Passah, Spokesperson, HBDRF. now, it has reached 13,9
To say that those who give birth will lose ST, that too is another stupid idea of ​​your culture.
The union in an emergency meeting today discussed the letter sent by the bank and unanimously decided to allow it to open as usual.
He stressed that there should be a common understanding regarding the boards of directors, entrepreneurs and their working methods.
The group was formed in 2011 and the members of the group said that their songs are in line with the transition from the old to the new. concrete.
Therefore, the school authorities have decided to close the school until they receive the accurate report of the students.
Shillong: Members of the Rajya Sabha, including the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and the Janata Dal United (JDU), have staged a protest in front of the Mahat memorial. Gandhi, who was in front of the Rajya Sabha, to protest against the remarks of Union Minister, Rajya Sabha Speaker Piyush Goyal, in which he said: On the other hand, the RJD and JDU MPs demanded that Goyal should apologize or resign completely for his remarks affecting Bihar and its people.
He said that while other countries are struggling with income decline and other challenges, India on the other hand continues to grow and become a leader in the world.
It helps to relieve fatigue and fatigue in the body and helps to strengthen the body, which brings happiness to the person.
The increase in the use of digital money was Rs 1003 crore in 2016-17 and Rs 2,600 crore in 2017-1
The government has had to ban the movement of vehicles carrying more than 10-14 tonnes due to the expiry of its age and this is also after the High Court ordered the government. The state has banned vehicles carrying more than 10 tonnes.
In fact, government intelligence agencies have already informed Nerendra Modi that Ri Khasi is a country that has made progress in cleanliness even before he launched his “Swachhata Bharat”. too.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle, today arrested three foreigners who entered the state without proper documents.
On this occasion, the Principal of Saiden Secondary School, Bah James Nongsiej, on this occasion, extended his special greetings and congratulations to those individuals and groups. and others who have supported the team in many ways while participating in the District Level Subroto Cup
