It is surprising that until now, the road used by vehicles to these villages is the MNREGS road constructed by the VECs of these four villages.
Here Abraham declared who God is and what He has done.
“We have urged the government to repeal this Act, not to stop the casino, but the government has not been able to repeal this Act,” said Revd.Lyngdoh. Meghalaya has been recognized as a state in India without legal recognition.
Soolangki Laloo August 13, 2022 The country's economy is growing rapidly. The country's economy is growing rapidly.
“It is not easy to stand alone after the seven have resigned,” said Bah Syiem.
Following this action by the Minister, they yesterday received a letter from the Central Government that instead of the two seats lost in Jharkhand, they have now been able to study in Jharkhand. Maulana Azad Medical College New Delhi.
MeECL's deficit in the distribution of electricity is severe due to the non-payment of bills by the factories in the state besides the government's subsidies.
They were taken to hospital for treatment.
He said that according to the information received, most of the accidents in Shillong are due to the driving of vehicles during the rainy season.
The union supports this strike by the students because it is an important issue because they are protesting and also it is an important issue that everyone should think carefully and take care of because this is part of the change. the weather will affect especially the future generation of all.
The hard work of the financial authorities during the elections has made the state poor and the future generation will suffer because there is no growth because the poor will get poorer and the rich will get richer. three times four times.
“The alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP is exactly like the alliance between Jakoid and the Khnai. the jackal, suddenly the jackal has fallen into the water, the jackal can live in the water and in the ryngkew but the snake cannot live in the water, I see that this agreement between them will be like that. "It's a long time," said Charles Thabah.
Elton is now married to his brother, David Furnish and they have two children.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), the main sports federation in the state, and the Government should respond.
On the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB), Bonney said the CAB has turned into a political game because the party that introduced the CAB is the BJP and has not introduced it in the Rajya Sabha recently. die.
“On the other hand, we demand that MDA 2 should resolve the issue soon, because for example we found here in Machalpara, that out of 108 households only 35 households want to stay in Assam but 73 don't want to go to Assam.
The Cabinet also approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Nursing Council Act,
The Khasi society is made up of the Kurs who are the families in society. There are many Kurs in the society, in this land of Hynniewtrep.
Besides the ILP, the HYC said that six more laws need to be implemented along with the ILP to curb the illegal influx of mynder into the state.
“Instead of thinking about the incident in Arunachal Pradesh, Mukul Sangma should have looked at what the people of Meghalaya think about his government,” he said.
“We don't expect the government of India to send a Governor who can't speak English because he doesn't know how to communicate with us.
Sarma has warned government officials not to block public transport.
The final match of the tournament will be played on 31-03-2021 against Hills United Cricket Club at 9 pm.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has set up a new branch in Laskein Block known as HANM Women's Wing Laskein Block Circle and another Iooksi Circle.
Purno said not only the people of Garo Hills but the entire eastern region of India would be proud if it was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We would like to urge the residents of the state especially those in those areas where the outbreak is rampant to come forward to get tested because only by testing we can protect not only ourselves but also others,” he said. asked Dr B Decruce.
Pronoun- Tiennam Tienjer: to take the place of a pronoun Verb- Tienleh tienjia: to know what does, is, has, should or happens when speaking.
On the other hand, the TIPRA leader also expressed his strong condemnation to the police department of the state for disrupting the rally organized by the Tipra Indigenous Students' Federation (TISF) on Sunday. Church this week.
“As the owners of khapshniuh shops, we are very sorry to see the order of the Government of Meghalaya that has not allowed or allowed khapshniuh shops in East Khasi Hills District to open as usual. other shops were allowed to open.
In the kingdom of King Ahasuerus there was Haman, the enemy of the Jews (Esther and Mordecai were Jews).
The synod service started on the 12th and ended on Sunday with the attendance of many believers from all over the country.
There is a revelation of the Lord today in the prayer room of TBn.
At the Border Out Post, the Meghalaya Police have only six personnel guarding the area.
And the children of Israel encamped there, and their tents were shaken with the weeping and the wailing.
Shillong, Naitung 20 : All the leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) including the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong will arrive at Mawphlang on the 26th to welcome the Chief Minister. Former Congress MLA from the constituency, Bah Kennedy Khyriem with his supporters joined the party.
If it snows or shits or snows, the roads are not the same and the tax is not paid at the right price.
Shillong, June 25: U Leonard Arun Mawrie, Sordar of Laitkor (EKH), has lodged a complaint with the police that a man named Hira Mylliempdah has forged a certificate dated 27th July, The certificate is in relation to land matters.
This is similar to grafting, but in grafting they use a branch, but in grafting they use only a branch that is just beginning to grow.
He also praised their hard work throughout the project and to make it a success.
Until now, the signs of Mawryngkhang no longer have a tyrpeng on the right side but only a large and strong hole.
Expressing his ownership of Meghalaya, Hercules said that the area is also the venue for the Amur Falcon Festival.
He said that the union does not want foreigners who come to the state to set up jobs in various factories without providing the necessary documents. it was just conducting business without documentation.
The HYC Nongkohlew unit together with the Mawlai circle have distributed food items to 30 households in Nongkohlew village on Thursday.
He said that this Dulir does not encourage same-sex marriage and said that this Dulir refers to the meaning of blessing prayer.
The Government should provide because we have paid the electricity bills”.
Therefore, TUR states that the strike of the teachers is honorable and their demands should be implemented immediately, the statement added.
The bus will operate from Kolkata in West Bengal and Agartala in Tripura.
“However, so far there has been no attempt by the Government to implement this demand of the KSU,” he said while speaking at the renewal of the office bearers of the KSU Bengaluru and Mangalore Unit on Saturday. I am from the State of Karnataka.
The total amount of purchases for the year 2022-23 has reached T.486 crore.
On the other hand, the KSU Nartiang Circle with the assistance of other Circles in Lum Jaintia, has closed down many shops including furniture shops, saloons and others including those selling clothes and accessories.
To love the country and the nation we have to show it by our actions, not only by threatening people including young women and women and by using words that degrade our dignity.
She said that the current batch may face serious difficulties due to the lack of preparation.
It is to be recalled that this road has been collapsed since last Sunday, and this collapse or cut off of the road has separated Chyrmang and Iongnoh villages.
All the employees of more than 500 employees have left their posts with flags on all four corners of the JHADC office to express their anger against the government and the relevant authorities for the lack of pay this salary to them.
Of these, 19 cases are from East Khasi Hills District including 12 from Armed Forces, one from BSF, six from civilians and one from South Garo Hills.
The body of the woman is still being treated at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
For more information, please visit the website of the Meghalaya Police. Candidates are advised to follow the instructions regarding the Physical Efficiency Test (P.E.T).
In the second match, Khliehriat West FC beat Lumputhoi SC 3-1. Jasmine Tlang scored two goals for Khliehriat in the 4th & 10th minutes and another was followed by Silgrak. Pala in the 43rd minute.
He said that Assam will continue to implement this PMGSY road through the fish pond of the Rangbah Shnong of Umshalini village and it will be a great loss to this family and the village as a whole.
The final will take place on 29 May 2023 at 4 pm.
“I am shocked to see that these two teachers, Cheda and Shah, have beaten these children and thrown them on the ground.
The issue of Covid vaccine is one of the 11 election issues of the BJP in Bihar.
The birth of a child through this route is a combination of the woman's sperm and the sperm and if it is connected, it means that it is equal and can give birth.
She hopes that the Meghalaya Games will be a platform to encourage the youth to develop the spirit of competition and also to bring about the development of sports in all fields.
Agriculture has two meanings, one means to take care of the seeds for the coming year; then the second means to take care of animals, birds, and meat.
NPP supporters were shocked to see Ma Vincent Pala, MP Shillong Constituency, visiting the NPP office in Lauchiemere, Shillong.
Residents of Iooksi village said that fortunately at midnight on Saturday, there were no people in the market.
His 35 runs were a great help to SCA-A in batting like EGH. As in the previous innings, three wickets were scored. Bilgrak G Sangma (3/7 from 6.1 overs), Jeristho R Marak (3/9) and Jeristho R Marak (3/9) Gulgul Sangma (2/20 in 8 overs).
During the inspection, the KSU said that it has found many shortcomings in the working methods especially the shortage of doctors and many of the staff are still under training which may cause a lot of harm to the people. .
Earlier, two Working Presidents of the UDP, Bah Bindo M Lanong and Paul Lyngdoh, had indicated that they could take over the post if Dr Donkupar agrees to retire.
The competition was held in three categories including Solo, Duet and Group with the participation of many schools from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Besides, Conrad said the amendment also opens the door to reduce the rules from 12 to four.
The BJP government has promised 2 crore jobs to the youth, but so far this has not happened and unemployment is an issue that has affected the youth across the country,” said Sarma. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dkhar said that the Foundation is ready to help the children at any time when they need assistance. you are not sick.
The DC also warned that candidates and political parties are not allowed to draw any drawings on their walls or put up posters, books, hoardings, banners in private places or walls without permission. without the permission of the owners and without prior permission from his office.
Not only that, it was reported that in Nongsning, War Jaintia, those houses, which had already been destroyed, were bombed by the heavy rain last night and the rain filled the houses with water, because that the owners of the houses have not yet been able to cover their houses, because these villages are poor people.
At the same time, Kitborlang expressed his gratitude to the residents of Nongthliew, Krang especially to the HYC Nongthliew for taking the responsibility and working hard to conduct various programs for the sake of voting. He also thanked all the supporters and relatives who encouraged him until he reached the Grand Finale on the 7th June,
Speaking on the occasion, u Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the development works that have been carried out in West Jaintia Hills range from the improvement of roads, bridges which have been completed and those that are still under construction. and also those who have already been sanctioned.
These are the people who speak Indo-European languages, such as Hindi, Urdu and others.
If this is not corruption, then what else can we say is corruption? Corruption means that public money for the improvement of roads, improvement of schools , to provide health facilities, to create jobs and so on, has been brought to the attention of some MLAs, ministers and officers.
In fact, he doesn't rob people.
“Let this crowd be a glorious victory for those who will dance on the 2nd of June because they have not been able to dance in these five years,” he said.
He said the PDF MLAs had held a meeting yesterday on this issue and what had appeared in the media had been resolved.
Madhya Pradesh Law Minister PC Sharma has expressed his condolences over the incident and announced that the government will provide Rs 4 lakh to the families of the victims.
He said that even on the day of the visit of the Home Minister Amit Shah, the political parties did not have the opportunity to talk, but they sent a message that he had sent a visit in June. to Delhi to discuss the ILP, but after the MDA ministers came from Delhi, it was sent back that the Home Minister will come to Shillong in October to discuss the issue. Although the month of October was supposed to be the end of the day, there was no message regarding the visit of Amit Shah to the state and this raises doubts that the state government intends to implement the the ILP in the state.
The Chief Minister said that the distribution of injections for people over the age of 45 years has reached 71,000 doses, but due to the shortage of vaccines, the government has not been able to provide them as expected. plans, but will struggle to provide vaccines to the population in the coming days.
District SP Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said in a statement that the arrested man was identified as Joseph Hmangaih Zuala of South Aizawl, Mizoram.
Dr. Laloo said that there have been attempts from time to time by the Sengbhalang to clean up this Wahumkhrah.
Police seized these gold biscuits after conducting a surprise search of vehicles on the road in North Garo Hills.
She recalled that last April during the Dkhar puja in Shillong, only 40% of the shops were open and if this is the case what will happen to the future of the nation.
We congratulate and encourage the NGOs and state governments who have fought against CAB to work hard for the people and urge the NGOs who want to implement the ILP to work hard until it is implemented. and to reap the holy fruit of mankind as expected from the beginning.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat said that the sale of tit along the road to NEIGRIHMS Hospital Mawdiangdiang which is also the road to Mawpat has decreased since the people were afraid to eat tit. Three people have died in Umsawli.
Speaking to reporters, the DC said that he has already issued an order to renew the order that all trucks should not cover the tar police. Their tarpaulinka makes it easy for them to pretend that they are carrying wood but that many of them are carrying coal.
Since 2013, JACATAM has sent many letters to the government and held talks with the government but no action has been taken.
NATO has called an emergency meeting after a Russian missile landed in Poland, killing two people and potentially leading to a major war between NATO. against Russia.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, there have been rumors that two Congress MDCs have decided to join the NPP but until now the matter is still pending.
After the welcome ceremony, Prof. GD Sharma, Hon'ble Vice-Chancellor, USTM and Dr RK Sharma, Advisor USTM, Prof. GD Sharma who addressed the audience and discussed the issue of gender equality and men for the development of society.
We the people must be vigilant.
If these little ones are not helped, they will soon be defeated by the larger farmers.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) in Mawlai constituency has started to apply for tickets in June 2024, which is less than five months away. Bah Marbud Dkhar has left the Congress party in the past few months.
“We request the teachers not to accept the Government's Temporary Recruitment as it will affect many teachers especially those who have reached the age of recruitment and it will affect them until “I don't have the end of the temporary recruitment,” said Bah Mawblei.
But what is more important is the soul, how we spend it for this time of joy.
Prof SS Majaw, one of the Khasi writers, in his comments on the book, said that the work of Dr Lamare should be highly praised.
Novak Djokovic will replace Carlos Alcaraz to retain the world number one title after winning the US Open.
This too is a great challenge.
“I want there to be a strong committee to follow up on this petition to find out where it has gone, I will write to the Directorate of Arts and Culture to tell them to do whatever is necessary but if you don't follow up it will end. at the table of those people,” said Bah AL Hek.
There is no Jait Kmie Khasi.
“This person is different and he is afraid to accuse because this is not the first time, he has a headache and he accuses without investigating, we can't just listen. “We have decided to lodge a complaint against him,” said Prestone.
“This is to ensure that only the eligible residents will benefit from the NFSS scheme,” Sangma said.
The village leaders of Kyrdem said that even the members of the executive of Kyrdem village did not know that there is such a project. The residents of the village have become angry and have had to gather against the proposal to build a land. bread niut in this area.
He said that these High Level Policemen were supported by a group of businessmen who have lost contracts with the Police Department through Benami.
Therefore, if we expect our Khasi-Jaintia country to grow in knowledge and understanding, we need to grow in knowledge and understanding of the work that many of us do, the work that feeds many of us. we.
He said that because people trust them, they play an important role in providing scientific information to the people.
We have done well in football, cricket, hockey and now we have started table tennis, we hope that the future of this club will move forward”.
“Almost every time when robbers commit crimes in East Jaintia Hills by killing people, they break the bodies within the boundary of the village and this is unacceptable. “If such people are found, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to take strict action against them,” said Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, Waheh Shnong of the village. the village of Wapungskur.
So far, the Gaza health ministry has claimed that Israel has killed 25,000 people in the offensive in Gaza, which began on March 7,
He said that there is coordination and cooperation and the party will support the parties that are fighting against the current ruling party in the state and in Delhi.
Kharraswai FC won the tie breaker by beating Kharraswai FC 4-2 goals against Kharraswai FC. Mawsynram SC. Regarding the awards, Bah HM Shangpliang, Secretary, Education Department, Government of Meghalaya and Bah Alvin Sawkmie, MDC Mawsynram Constituency.
The CAB, which has been opposed by a group of minorities from across North East India, seems like a charity for fellow citizens, but the law has been put forward by the CM to make them full citizens. to these minorities who have been attacked in their countries, without thinking of the problems that will affect the people of this North East as a whole.
However, in connection with the murder of KSU member (L) Lurshai Hynniewta in Ichamati in 2020, the police have withheld the names and protected the accused.
The special partnership aims to encourage youth to join the armed forces and will conclude in Guwahati on 15th November.
Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Chief Minister of Nongpoh Constituency, Dr. Abhishek Saini, Assistant Commissioner, DSP Headquarters, Dr. Abhishek Saini, DSP Headquarters, Dr. Abhishek Saini, DSP Headquarters, Dr. E.Kharshandy, District Social Welfare Officer, Bah PH Shylla, Divisional Commandant, Home Guard Civil Defense and other officers.
On this occasion, Bah Arden urged the people of Ranikor Constituency to refrain from buying money from the leaders for their votes as it is a loss of votes after the elections.
In Brazil, 1,109 people have died of covid-19, bringing the total number of deaths to 57,070 and the number of infections to 38,6 The number of cases in the country has risen to 1.31 million.
We have the means to engage with the villagers, to convince them of the many benefits that will come to the area and of the changes in their lifestyle if they are relocated," she said.
Pahamsyiem Sport Club beat WE Football Club 4-0 in a thrilling match between Pahamsyiem Sport Club and WE Football Club.
At 12 noon on Tuesday, a shop was attacked at Mahadev Khola.
The Puja Committee will confirm this.
In connection with the incident, Umsning Police Station, have recovered the body of the newborn baby and taken it to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
Announcing the decision after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister told the media that according to the rules, there is a need to collect statistics regarding the number of professional tax payers and this is according to the location.
The demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India has been a long standing one and the Legislative Assembly of the State has passed a Resolution on this recognition. Khasi and Garo languages.
After India beat Sri Lanka in the Cricket World Cup and before playing New Zealand, Virat Kohli took his wife Anushka Sharma to Manchester, England. yesterday.
She said that doctors don't come anymore because of the lack of space and also when it comes to patients, especially those poor women, instead of coming to the Red Cross, just because of the lack of space. , I couldn't go to Ganesh Das Hospital.
The Secretary of Mowjem Village, Ma Nilanki Sten, said that four residents of Mowjem were shot dead by Assam police from Jrikyndeng at Inghilangso while they were returning from a visit to the village. a resident who did not return home from a fishing trip in the Mynriang River.
The son of the woman, Kamwamut Talang, 48, died recently in a park near the Jowai-Amlarem road called Wahlakaraw near Demthring village.
Besides, regarding the spread of rnga not only in these areas, but in the district as a whole, it cannot be said that it is true, because the state government has violated the order issued by the The Supreme Court of the country has clarified that the campaign, civil society and school children to protect the environment every year in the month of July , it's just a joke and a trick.
“Bah Shakliar also informed that one artificial turf ground will be provided in Kynrud and one in Mawroh Markasa, where the grounds have already been put on the list.
The NSA has announced a cash prize of T.1 lakh for the winner and T.50,000 for the runner up.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 5646 including 64 recoveries today.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the price of chickens raised by the residents of the state is higher because the state government does not have any authority to regulate the price of chickens. you price you mur.
I guarantee that I will never turn my back on you for the rest of my life.
In the last budget 2019-2020, he has set the target as the 2nd top priority among his departments.
He said that the UDP candidate Dr. Jemino Mawthoh will win the election because the MDA-1 has 24 MLAs in Khasi-Jaintia while the Congress has only but the result was the same.
VDP President Fourkey Sumer and Secretary Lakhon Rymbai as well as VDP members will be the leaders to visit and inspect all the shops.
He said that the HYC will also meet with the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to demand the establishment of an Infiltration Police Department to look after foreigners. I'm going to enter this state.
It was witnessed that their houses were beautifully decorated with lights and bombs were burnt to blow up according to their beliefs.
Those coal mine owners who fall under this category, have to apply for a Transit Pass as soon as possible from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, so that they can transport coal, according to the directives of CIL. that those who smuggle coal from these designated places may be prosecuted and punished under the provisions of the MMDR Act
The celebration was organized by the District Child Protection Unit in collaboration with the Temperance Committee of the Rangthong Women's Church. The program was held to mark the International Day of Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking 2023 under the theme, “People First: Stop Stigma and Discrimination, Strengthen Prevention”.
If the Government had abolished these posts, the money that has been wasted should have been spent on increasing the salaries of teachers who work hard and educate their children. and those who spend their physical and mental strength to shape the future of our children.
In a statement, police said that they have noticed that there are many vehicles carrying iong which is in violation of the Supreme Court order (WP (C) No.265 of 2011). in which the Supreme Court has banned the use of any ice cream in vehicles.
When the meal was over, he and Kni went to school.
Shillong, Lber 06: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that the work done by the two HSPDP MLAs in the past few days has shown that they have the intention to form a government led by the ethnic parties. The Khasi Prime Minister has shown to the people that they do not want to have a Prime Minister with their own blood.
Speaking to reporters, Pynïaid announced that the Deputy Chief Executive Member, Vice Chairman and one Executive Member seat will go to the Congress party.
The teachers include Phikirbha Khariah, Aibihlang Suchiang, Thalamuana Darnei, Laljoy Darnei, Mary Jone Ngamlai, Lalchonpari Theite and Samiran Rishi.
The Central Government will not provide any funds for the payment of compensation to the people who have left Manipur from the conflict-affected areas and are currently in temporary shelters in Mizoram.
Now the Hynniewtrep people of Hynniewskum are in the midst of a threat that has come to pass without thinking twice.
“We hope that there should be no injustice or disrespect in the last journey of a person and all members of the community should come forward to cooperate with the State Government or the Government of India. to fight against the disease,” said the statement.
Paul said that the goat includes pastors, deacons, preachers and teachers (Phil 1:1; Eph 4:11).
In Chennai, petrol will cost T.79.96 per liter and diesel will cost T.72.69 per litre.
However, the state team has played well in the tournament by beating Sikkim, drawing and Nagaland before beating Aru Nachal Pradesh and Mizoram.
I wish the players all the best and hope that you will work hard so that you can win many medals for the state,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
They are the ones who follow the road.
On the other hand, UDP Leader Dr. Donkupar, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in a meeting with reporters today, said that there has never been a single case of The UDP has not been able to instigate or incite the political parties to hold protests.
This way of thinking causes many differences and they lose that true heart of God which is love.
If the day of judgment is not long, we have to think twice.
“If there is any delay, they can bring about a change after the law is passed,” said Bah Nongrum.
“As soon as drugs enter the body, even when you are alone in the woods, you feel good, and the disease disappears but as soon as it disappears from the body, you feel the disease even if you are in a party. , I feel like I'm alone," said the young man who decided to change his lifestyle and leave the iakjakor immediately.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC, Chief Executive Member, Khasi Hills District Council, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the time has come for everyone to come to the Shad Pomblangha Smit. He accepted the invitation from Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, to meet with the Chief Executive Members including and Sirdarships at his office next month.
Five teams from Mawleiñ Zone played on the day.
PBS“Dear Mother in private thinks that the time is quite different as in her time when things went smoothly.
Wanpyndap C Nongbet scored 544 marks or 68 percent from St Edmunds College, Shillong, Preeti Raid scored 543 or 67.88 percent from Lady Keane College, Shillong, Pynshailin Lyngdoh scored 542 marks or 67.65 percent from Lady Keane, Grace and Mayondi. Ramsdam by 542 marks lane 67.75 percent of St Anthony's College, Shillong.
Conrad also urged those who took these weapons to return them immediately.
Baruah sustained injuries to his neck, legs and hands.
Shillong, Nailar 31: Hundreds of members of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNYM) including its President, Bah Louis Dohtdong, have been blocked by the district authorities in their protest to the Secretariat to demand the establishment of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNYM). Employment Policy or Employment Policy for the Youth of the State.
This reporter has spoken to many farmers in Riwar area these days, to ask and inquire about the status of sohniamtra cultivation in these years, but the answer from the farmers, is shocking and shocking. .
Many artists have showcased their talents in front of many visitors.
The group also went to cut down a tree which was about to fall and endanger the nearby houses in Babupara, Tura.
After the government submitted the blueprint, Gurjit Singh said, “The government has submitted this blueprint and therefore we will consider it first and then we will take it before the 342 households before responding to the the government".
And the failure of this office to invite applications affects the future of the youth of the state.
She said that there were only four (5) candidates from the state and at the same time there was only one woman but all of them won the title of dohksah, two gold medals, two gold medals. one in silver and one in bronze.
“I have asked for only one month but they want to start the work on the building and repair the road.
He appealed to the youth not to be misled by the power of money but to focus on their own affairs.
If they can select only three players from each school from each school, perhaps the department will get enough players and by doing so, it will gather all these students to compete. but among themselves, that it may receive only the most excellent.
Our country has witnessed many farmers' protests in almost all the states of the country in the past years.
The Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2023-24 to be organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will start on November
At the same time, package-I, package-2 and package-4 were also discussed at the meeting and NHIDCL was directed to immediately start the tender for these sections of the Shillong-1 Dawki.
Ms V.Mawlong, said that the purpose of the Enforcement Drive is to raise awareness among the public on the provisions of COTPA section 4, which prohibits smoking or drinking alcohol in public places. Section 6 (A) prohibits the use of tobacco by children under the COTPA. 18 years old, (B) prohibits the sale of tobacco in places where there is no school at least 100 meters away.
The BSF has conducted heavy patrolling on the India-Bangladesh border to prevent smuggling and other illegal activities by insurgent groups.
NPP leaders also said that in Selsella and Raksamgre constituencies, the NPP has already selected candidates for the 2023 MLA election.
After the bodies of the deceased were brought to the forest, it was found that some of the deceased, including children, died of torture and beatings due to lack of to follow these teachings.
However, in the bright world, many churches feel that the rynghang is free, and while the opposition is spreading, it is born from the shyieng krung of the evil society.
They said that until now, the government has not installed a single vehicle for the check post, so the lack of vehicles often faces problems, because when there are cases where there are They don't get a vehicle and they drive away with their vehicles.
“Some of the candidates who have passed away in these days, the times we have seen through the media, the words they have spoken, it seems that it is no longer an election campaign that will serve them. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
Out of the 57 seats, 41 were won unopposed. 17 were won by the BJP, 10 by the Congress and 14 by other parties.
The Government has confirmed that there was no compliance with these rules in publishing the above Notice in the Meghalaya Gazette (Extra-ordinary) dated 21st July, 2015, according to a statement from the Government Press Office. state.
The former MDC also alleged that the proposal to improve the Nekikona Combined Water Supply Scheme “Id 8394205” has not been implemented yet while the money has been spent by the contractors/firms/companies.
For class II to V, the weight should be 2 to 3 kilos.
“He said that the Prime Minister has promised that the relevant department will take action on this issue.
:In a tragic incident, the body of a man was found lying in the market in Mawkyrwat on the 5th of November.
Laiwang Bohham and Brazilian midfielder Renan Paulino de Souza won the title.
Shillong, March 29: The UDP Youth Wing has been surprised by the government's silence on the issue of chief executives which has surprised the people.
The meaning of “Thy will be done” means that we should humbly accept without any complaint God's actions as Job accepted Satan's punishment.
They shall also write a letter of resignation according to their wishes.
And this wrongdoing has affected our children and our homes which we cannot understand until we die.
“This shows that the police are implementing the law in a biased manner,” said Kong Agnes, saying that she was arrested only after MUDA lodged a complaint against her in the incident ha Mawlong-Mawtari recently. until you are put in prison.
The President of the JAC of ASHAs recalled that when the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, during his visit to the Asha Diwas meeting in April, 2013, he said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, She said that at that time he promised to take action with the central government authorities in Delhi to provide monthly salary to them for the benefit of the ASHAs. their contribution.
On Saturday, 320 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 3 people died, bringing the death toll to 1518 in the state.
“Your views and mine are different but those who suffer understand better than us who are just struggling,” replied Sandra.
These graves were dug by JCB to recover the bodies; in which Ukraine and European countries claim that this is Russia's genocide of civilians; which includes the torture and rape of women.
“However, at this meeting scheduled for the 20th, the topics discussed were the proposal to amend the Ministry of Defense on the agreement with the ANVC and ANVC-B, related to the increase in the number of MDCs and other ways to appoint MDCs among others,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, Naitung 17: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the only MLA of KHNAM from North Shillong Constituency, has confirmed that he will leave the KHNAM to contest from other political parties in the upcoming elections. MLA in 2023.
The expenses of the employees are paid by the central government while the office rent is not paid by the government and the members of the union have to pay the house rent themselves.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Home Affairs, has directed the Civil Sub Division authorities to lodge a complaint on the incident, but the responsibility does not go only to the NHIDCL. They also complained to the PWD department that it has allowed the Indian government company to own whatever it wants, and for this reason, the road construction has turned into stone quarrying. .
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) will hold a trial to select the boys and girls players.
She said that 108 EMRI has faced many challenges in the past years and does not want to participate in such activities which will affect the Government.
At present, many villages in War Jaintia have been forced to live in darkness due to the damage to post lights and wire lights on trees.
“If Assam does not respect the letter sent by the District Council, which relates to the land of Shyiap and if the MDA government cannot stop or resolve the border crossing of Assam, it will not refuse. “We have to lead the people to demolish the building built by Assam,” said one of the Congress leaders.
The meeting was also attended by TIPRA MLAs including Animesh Debbarman, Leader of the Opposition in the Tripura Legislative Assembly, CEM of TTAADC, Executive Members and others.
Therefore, when the Notification of 8th September, 1961 has been issued, it is our duty now to urge the State Government of Meghalaya in accordance with Article 163 to advise the Governor to Notify the implementation of the Notification. The Excise Act, 1910 was passed by the Governor of Assam and approved by the Supreme Court.
He recalled that during his tenure as CEM, there was a meeting between the farmers and traders in Ïewduh where it was unanimously decided that there will be a new arrangement which the KHADC will put in writing.
At the same time, the bank also provides loans through the Mudra Loan Scheme to encourage people to start their own businesses.
We understand that it is difficult to get government jobs through the MPSC or District Selection Committees (DSCs).
He said that the state needs skilled people in various fields and he expects that this training center will produce many skilled people in various fields which will be of benefit to the state. community and statewide.
The union suggests that the highest price of the project should be increased from 22,500 to 30,000 to 35,000 for one vehicle to serve the people. in the West Khasi Hills.
According to sources, the boat fell into the water after the boat they were on overturned and suddenly sank. There were six people on board. The boat and five persons were rescued including one son of the man who drowned.
anthony.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya has risen to
The total number of people affected by the natural disaster is 6,33,9
The third team went to South West Garo Hills District.
According to the report, the parents have been deeply saddened by this incident and have requested the DSEO office to give the 20 marks to each child as it is a mistake from this. the office.
Those who violate will be punished under the Excise Rules and Acts.
Diapherbha Lamare (38) scored the first goal for Sonapyrdi FC.
Guwahati also received heavy rainfall of 47mm which is also the first rainfall in Assam.
“On Rohit Prasad, the VC has informed that he will take steps to end Rohit Prasad's involvement in NEHU,” said Prof Lakhon.
Don't be proud of this as it always happens that pride comes before destruction.
One of the teachers accused the government that the intention to dismiss the confirmed teachers has made the teachers like Langknia while the illegal appointment in other government departments has not been pushed.
Therefore, the only preventive measure is to avoid contact with new pigs or to bring people into the pig pens.
The General Council Meeting of the Ieng Rasong Sports and Cultural Club, Shillong recently discussed the implementation of the Drug Abuse Awareness Program in the coming months.
To date, there is a page on Facebook, which has invited people to visit the site on 20th November 2019 and to date, 8 lakh people have agreed to visit the site. They are not allowed to search for foreigners, if they are in a security area that is heavily guarded by the United States.
Speaking to media after the victory, Bah Sanbor said how can the BJP achieve the demands of the people when the BJP in the state has won only two seats.
The 21st International Trade Fair will be attended by people from all over the world including the HYC Shillong City. Thailand, Vietnam, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Nepal, Myanmar and other neighboring countries.
In this regard, he urged the state government department to find better ways in the construction of houses in the rural areas to keep pace with the urban areas.
The President of the HYC, said that it is necessary for the three ADCs in the state, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to bring a resolution against the UCC and the UCC. The government should not support it.
It is not the public who misunderstood, it is the Health Department's mistake in writing the words.
Therefore, we see that the lockdown of the government is slow because it puts forward the forces and puts aside science and logic and here we see that the lockdown without science and logic says -2 ×5=0,so if two or two people come in three vehicles just tell those people let's examine and send them to quarantine for 14 days and we forget that covid19 is strong enough to spread to others later 2to 5 days.
According to reports, Israeli defense officials have already received information and evidence of the plans of Hamas militants to attack Israel on March
The whole night she had been stirring up the crowd without sleeping.
According to the Act, the office of the Lokayukta is free and impartial as it is empowered to monitor the working of the government, to investigate allegations of corruption and fraud especially in the case of dealing with public finances, investigating these allegations of corruption and curbing the abuse of power for personal gain.
Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone DS War said the department was set up in the presence of the leaders of the FKJGP Central Body and FKJGP Jaintia Hills Zone.
He said that the recent protest is a great victory, as it is a victory on an issue that has been protested many times including by the political parties in the past years.
“The government has not been able to do anything but the state court has had to do the work and this work cannot be left to the court to do what is necessary,” said Bah Dohtdong.
In addition, the VPP congratulated the pressure groups, women's organizations and youth organizations and other groups in the state who came to give their support.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, said that after receiving information about the incident, a team of police from Shillong and Sohra as well as Magistrates rushed to the village and managed to rescue the victims. deliver him out of the hand of the multitude.
Therefore, he urged the Kur Lyngkhoi residents, the youth not to waste such opportunities but to use them properly so that they can be of help not only in this heritage. now but also in the next generation.
When the sun went down, the number of people increased and as the village leaders we reached the end of the road,” said Bah Mawlong.
“If we can do well to get votes from both sides, we can win in a clean, transparent and transparent manner and it doesn't matter if anyone wins,” said the participants. This decision was accepted by the leaders.
The incident happened today when a house owned by Kriem Jaba, 65 years old, husband of Bah Wet Synteng Nongdhar (deceased) collapsed due to the steep snowstorm. fire.
The Zeliangrong Students' Union (ZSU) will not take part in the Republic Day celebrations this year, as a sign of protest against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
Bah Kynta said that if he had been the legal advisor to these people (Harijan), perhaps he would have had that clear dialogue with the Government, and perhaps to comply with what the The Government proposes because in the end, everyone wants to have peace of mind in the traffic from Them Ïew Mawlong besides the improvement of the roads and to have a beautiful parking lot in this area.
Bah Amse showed pictures of the road in Lumshnong and other places.
The competition includes children aged 6-10 years, 11-14 years and 15-18 years for the drawing competition and in slogan writing from 11 years and above.
Singh has directed those who have been in contact with him to send for immediate testing for covid
In the days when there were no doctors in the villages, the compounders of the dispensaries worked hard among the people, and they also received respect from the people.
At the same time, the HSPDP has strongly demanded that the Assam government should punish and imprison these policemen involved in the murder.
Before accepting Hindi, you must first include your language in 8scheduled.
I would like to say here that if there is any disease in dumasla or any other plant that the farmers do not understand how to do to eradicate that disease, it is best to write to the Director of Agriculture. or farmers can write to the Assam Agricultural College, Jorhat.
“The government welcomes the decision of the HNLC to come forward to talk to the government and to take the assistance that the government has prepared for their welfare as new people,” he said. The head of the state.
In preparation for this great day of the Diocese, the program will start on 31st August and end on 1st September
In worship let us proclaim His good deeds and that He is almighty over all
Shillong, June 24: “The news that coal mining has been banned in the state is not yet a law that has to be followed or implemented,” said Dr. Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait, lawyer. Speak to Rupang today.
We believe that peace will be achieved by punishing the perpetrators, not by allowing the wrongdoers to hide under the blanket," he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K. Sangma said that the MDA government has a great objective to provide the roads needed by the people, so that it will make it easier for the people in the country. you're looking for you.
Coming back to the second half action, Sandhiya scored her second goal for herself and third for the team.
Therefore, the Association invites all the alumni of St. Vianney HSS to join the Association and the school, so that the 50th Anniversary celebration will be a success.
The father showed the chicken, and said to the children, "Do you know for whom, I am bringing this chicken to butcher?" they all replied, "For us", except the Thei thei, which is covered with blue and white.
He said the NPP will consider the election of the MP candidate and will take a raid on the consensus of the party.
During his visit, he together with the village officials inspected all the necessities from roads, footpaths, drains, electricity and other necessities which are necessary for the safety of the people during the day. from the beginning of the Synod to the end.
Shillong: Although the HSPDP MLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, has refused to sign the letter sent by the Sur of the people of Mawlai, Bah Samlin Malngiang, MLA from the same constituency, has refused to sign the letter. The Sohiong Constituency MLA has signed a letter to the Sur of Mawlai Constituency demanding that the Government should suspend the police chiefs involved in the rape of General. Former Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Ardent said the EC has done its best to bring in the necessary Amendment Bills, as the EC has seen the violence and excesses of the chiefs in power. He said that the old laws take away the powers of the district council where the dorbar kur is more powerful than the district , but the CEM said that the introduction of the amendment is because the Syiems and the Himas shall fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
He said that six people who have recently been diagnosed with corna virus are from his wife's family and all of them are still in the same family. they are not yet planning to remove them.
The NSUI Meghalaya unit also urges the Meghalaya government to work together with the state governments of other states in India to provide assistance to the youth of the state during this time of curfew. you are locked down in India.
“The question now is, besides the increase in the price of steel items by half compared to previous years, other taxes like GST and others, where does the Government put the money?
A 9-year-old girl was shot dead by a neighbor while playing on a motorcycle while eating ice-cream.
The union said that many of the jobs in the area are now done by the indigenous people such as shatri, juti, milk vendors, khapshniuh and other jobs.
Shillong: As part of the fund raising, the Darrang Elaka has decided to charge fees from tourists and tourists.
Privilege : privilege is the right to benefit; right is the share of ownership.
The union after receiving many complaints and complaints from students and employees from their parents.
Jubilee Mary Dkhar, Sr.
said Ampareen.
Only 41% of smallholder farmers are beneficiaries of government and private banks, and therefore there are many who are at risk of private lenders.
Spearsing Paslein, MPS, Deputy SP (Hq) Ri-Bhoi has been promoted as DySP (Hq) of East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the robbers these days don't even threaten the Rangbah Shnong, because they know that if they are arrested by the village authorities, they don't dare to shoot and beat them, because they know that if the police They know that the villagers who arrest the robbers and if they shoot them, they will not be allowed.
In that decision there was only one decision and that was “To invite Panah to get medicine for her”.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: The Bureau of Indian Standards of the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution of the Government of India together with the District Rural Development Agency, Ri-Bhoi District today held a program to raise awareness among the public on the issue of the need to know the difference between counterfeit and genuine goods from beverages, electronics and others.
Leaders of various political parties in Tamil Nadu have protested against the Indian government's three-language bill, which aims to include Hindu, English and mother tongue in school education. is the new education law of the Government of India.
Meanwhile, Shella MLA Dr Donkupar Roy said the government should have moved the MCCL office from Shillong to Sohra to facilitate the working.
Shillong, March 03 : The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) on Saturday held a trial to select the junior men and women players at the Basketball Ground. Polo, Shillong.
This has happened across the state including Shillong.
Interestingly, he tells the world that there is a God who has done great things, he says that he has convinced the world through his wisdom which he explains about the Theory of evolution (1809-1882).
Speaking on the occasion, Saumitra Khan congratulated her husband on joining the TMC, but at the same time, he alleged that the incident was a fraud. One of the supervisors, in which he ordered Sujata, to join the TMC and assured, that if she joins the party, she will get high positions.
He said the AICC has prepared its path as the election is near and in only 7-8 months it will have to stand.
The union requests those who have not received the letter to take this news as an information. Those who have not received the letter should also take this as an information for them.
However, this morning, Vikash's group went to his residence in Jhalupara and these dozens of people vowed that if Vikash's work is affected, they will not release the writer. the news.
This kingdom was large and populous.
However, the TMC candidate said that it is a false allegation that the TMC will bring in those foreigners from Bangladesh and do they not know that Assam, which is ruled by the BJP, is one of the states? that there are many foreigners and foreigners from Bangladesh.
Other speakers included Willson Talang, Rangbah Shnong of Old Nongbareh, Witness Pohtam, Rangbah Shnong of Lyntiar and several others.
The day was filled with songs and programs by the school children.
"If Sangma and Pala are willing to join the BJP, we will ensure that they are welcomed as they are skilled and intelligent politicians of the state," Shullai said.
Khliehriat, July 08 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today held a special training and workshop at the conference hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. teachers and students from various schools in the district, this program is on the theme of curbing and eradicating drug use in the district.
Thus, humans and animals receive oxygen from plants, and plants receive carbon dioxide from humans and animals.
Many questions and opinions have been raised by the people regarding the DC's ban on the polling day.
K.Pakma, Chairman Rotary International Environment Mission Jowai and Tapseng Marak, Lecturer Jowai Polytechnic.
Brolding also expressed his satisfaction that in 2023 the election campaign will be easier than in 2013 & 2018 because in 2023 there will be many supporters from other parties. Former MDC, former MDC candidate and former MLA candidate came to give their support to him and he said that the split of the HSPDP has made him happy that It is the first time that all the elders have joined the UDP which is also the largest national party.
This is not a new case but it happens from time to time and every government has to return the money it has requested if it cannot use it. it is as it should be.
The price at Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.67.00 per litre, while the price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.73.00 per litre.
The problem now is that there are tens of thousands of trucks, which have taken loans from the bank, and they will not be able to pay the loans, if the market for coal does not open, in the next few days.
“Otherwise, we don't know how many of our children will drop out of school, and what kind of teachers we will have. said Bah Pathaw while speaking on the qualifications of the teachers of the District Council employees.
Shillong: There have been 75 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, 51 cases in East Khasi Hills, of which 44 cases are civilians, followed by 21 cases in Ribhoi District and 21 cases in West Garo Hills. Hills 3 people.
Does this arrangement agree with the leaders of both the States? How will it be if it affects the children of Meghalaya?
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 11: The WKSU has sent a letter to the Mission Director of NHM regarding the suspension of the opening of two health centres, one at Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng. and one in Nongstoin.
Because of this opposition, the DC has suspended the campaign and public explanation to avoid misunderstanding.
They got married in 2013 and now have two children.
The Secretary of Mukoiram Village, said that Mukoiram Village still falls under Meghalaya only in name because this area has been neglected from all sides and even development schemes have not been received.
Furthermore, the General Observer was also informed and explained about the number of male and female voters at various Polling Stations and also about the shortage of Assured Minimum Facilities at the Polling Stations. Station and also on the number of villages within the Polling Stations.
The Water Supply Scheme in Mawiong Village is still in progress.
To the people of the past, the angels revealed the works of the earth.
They said that the Cardiac Research Center should have issued the internal certificate within 10 months of the training and later they would have received the certificate but it has not done so.
She said that through Modi, the government can work with Switzerland, where it has agreed to provide all the information to foreign investors and to disclose to the people the income paid to them. taxes to the government without concealment.
Then I asked him, “Why not, shouldn't I pray or preach?” The pastor replied, “I will tell you that I shouldn't pray or preach, because I'm afraid. The Synod will summon me if it knows that I have sent you to pray or speak to you.
It is learned that Marbuh, has shot and beaten the woman, by shaking her head, and has thrown her into the well, until she is very sick. the flow of blood, for the head, throat, and he was also stabbed with a stick from the throat; When the son and some others saw this incident, they did not dare to help or do anything to their mother, because she had taken out a knife and threatened them.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Shangpliang has been complained about speaking at a Congress meeting in a village in Mawsynram area until the government has sought a reply from him.
Voltaire, the great French writer, said: "Vox Populi, Vox Dei" (The voice of the people is the voice of God).
Surprisingly, the first Chairman of the Lok Adalat, a retired judge of the Gauhati High Court, PK Mushahary, has been appointed to take over. his career since 2018.
There was also heavy traffic jam in parts of Shillong.
The MPCC has appointed Khelor Kharnaior as the new President of the Mawsynram BCC and AR Thangkhiew as the new President of the Mawkynrew BCC.
“No one has written to me yet.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in an interview with the media on Friday, said, “These three Khasi youths have been arrested on charges of attempting to burn down the bridge.
The names of the candidates from the unallocated constituencies include three from the Scheduled Tribe (ST) and four from the Scheduled Caste (SC). announced.
In other words, it refers to the humiliation and torture of the body, the torture of the mind which also affects the soul.
In 2004, Muslims made up 89.5 percent or 137,787,259 of the population of Bangladesh, while Hindus made up 9.6 percent or 14,993,9
The building, which was inaugurated today, was constructed with the financial assistance of the Asian Development Bank (ADB) at a cost of T.2.69 crore.
Shillong, October 2: U Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit MDC Mawkhar-Pynthor on Tuesday asked how many trading licenses have been issued by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) since 2014 to date. EM of Trade, James Sylliang, replied that 282 licenses have been issued.
Therefore, love is in the heart of man, but man must take care of what kind of love he chooses.
By the combination of part oxygen and part hydrogen, we get one of the greatest necessities of human life, which is water.
The 2011 CAG report said that this action of the government has led to the loss of this amount of money.
Chiehruphi SYWSC and Byndihati SC have reached the quarter final of the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
The FKJGP has expressed its anger over the government's reopening of the polling station despite its promise in 2012 to close it down completely after protests by many civil society groups.
M.M.Thaiang Many friends and also from the Sengbhalang who are looking for information about the border between Jaintia Hills MEGHALAYA AND KARBIANGLONG ASSAM Meghalaya and Mikir Hills, now known as Karbi-Anglong District, Assam).
After checking the account, they found that T.98,531/- had been deducted from his account and T.49,985/- had been deducted from his wife's account.
The protest will be held on the 14th from 9 am to 4 pm in front of the MUDA Complex in Nongpoh. If the government does not respond, the party will prepare for stronger protests.
The surprising thing is that in this state, the MLA has been appointed as a distributor of household items, money, kombor, khiew, plates until I can't even see.
Regarding this, the Minister said that a meeting of officers will be called to discuss and consider the matter, said the Minister, EM of KHADC. Coal auctioneers have expressed their concern over the high price of coal auctioned by the government; Sambormi Lyngdoh President EJNC, Ency Shadap President HANM East Jaintia, PS Phawa GS JSM, left for the office. The District Mining Officer (DMO) of the Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR), Jowai, to inquire about the coal sold at auction whether it is the coal that has been seized or the coal that has been collected. or who has also been arrested for the increase in the price of shalan, but on that day, 26.08.2019, the officer of this office was not at the office.
The Posthumous Award was presented to the deceased leaders and members of WJDSA. The ceremony was enriched by the performances of Loompyrdi Ïongpiah, Jowai, Manbhauru Sungoh and a mass drill from North Liberty. Higher Secondary School.
What do you do every day? asked the Scientist.
He said the department has suggested that all colleges in the state should start opening and schools from Class 9 to Class 12 should be allowed to open all while for classes. Classes 6 to 8 in rural areas can be opened while for classes 1 to 5 in rural areas will be allowed to open, while in urban areas online classes will be conducted first.
“We have proposed to introduce a Bill to increase the allocation of the Contingency Fund from T.205 crore to T.305 crore.
He said that as we enter this Amrit Kaal of India's independence, the Government of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is introducing three new laws to amend the Indian Independence Day. personality.
Earlier, on November 15 last year, the High Court had directed the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri to file an affidavit on the matter.
The forest department officials, once they have received the forest management in writing and agreements, will not discriminate against the villagers and do as they please with the forest entrusted to them.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sonapyrdi Unit has expressed its satisfaction that the Wah Lukha has been restored as in the past.
More than 15,000 players, coaches and officials from all States & UTs across the country participated in 36 games.
There are 1202 participants from the state and 115 from abroad.
There have been 7,719 new cases, bringing the total to 102,136 from 94,417 on Tuesday.
But when the road doesn’t allow, we have to think of other ways so we can move forward.
The unidentified body was found in Mawdun, Iapngor.
The mother is the one who provides for the family and plays an important role in the upbringing of the children.
“He doesn't allow the people to stand and when he has weapons, the people don't want to stand.
“This is the spah that your MLA has thrown away,” said the Amlarem MLA.
What is more surprising is that until these days, the children of the thousands have not heard from the 15 old and new MLA/MDCs regarding the boundary of the Hima Mylliem, on the rules and regulations. The Mylliem Syiemship Act 2007 and the Rule 2015 of the Hima Mylliem have been passed by the KHADC. improve the Acts and Rules of the Hima Mylliem.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appealed to the Supreme Court against the Madras High Court's allegation that the Election Commission (EC) officials should be prosecuted for murder. that they have not been able to act properly in the conduct of election campaigns in various states in the past few months.
BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang on November 15, 2013, urged the BJP to elect Vishnu Deo Sai, a tribal, as the Prime Minister. Chhattisgarh and said that it is for this reason that the people across the country, especially in the North East, should vote for the Prime Minister of India in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The meeting was led by Bah Joseph Syngkli, President of RBYF, Nongpoh and members of the RBYF. in Nongpoh and which has caused a lot of trouble to the people.
He said that although many people have made such and such allegations, the supporters who love the Congress will never leave the party.
Khliehriat Lber 15 : Police in East Jaintia Hills District today seized 32.5 grams of heroin and arrested three persons identified as Rudolf Franklin, 28 years old. , Aibankyrshan Kharlyngdoh, 24, and Shemphang Lakhiat, 29, of Ri Bhoi District.
However, he will now be an assistant to the Spanish coach for the Kolkata team.
“We have sent a complaint against the use of EVMs to the Chief Election Commissioner of India for several months,” he said.
“Don't worry... All this happened because I love you...” said Panah. “I don't know that, my mother?” Rida replied, “I don't love your mother anymore...” he said. “I'll tell you, Mei.
On the other hand, the SP of Ri-Bhoi District has given time until 20th November to install Radium Reflectors in vehicles.
Speech was delivered by Mr. MB Rymbai who gave his blessings and best wishes to Mr. Andrew Shullai and urged the residents of Khliehtyrshi to be wise in electing their leaders.
The Minister, who also attended a public meeting of the Khasi Author's Society in Delhi recently, said that the Khasi language is one of the 38 languages ​​in the country. approval of the Central Government to be included in the Constitution of the country.
The maximum temperature in Umiam was 25.4 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 17.2 degrees Celsius.
Here, it has been witnessed that the people do not choose the party but judge and look at the skills, relationships, ability to communicate, to help, the people and judge the election issues and that is why , the reason, many private candidates also win elections.
Meanwhile, besides Wagah between the India-Pakistan border, another BSF camp at Akhora in Tripura has been holding a military parade at the site.
Members, teachers and students of the school planted 60 fire trees and took an oath to take care of and water these trees every day.
The Nongstoiñ MLA said that as Sengbhalang leaders on the road, they will face many challenges and criticisms, but he urged them not to listen to such people because the tree that grows At the same time, he said that as the Sengbhalang, they should unite and not be proud or proud because in the Khasi people there is no father and great and all. they are the same.
INDIA (the opposition) will continue to demand a clear answer to the truth about this bloodshed.
He asked the Government whether they will be banned or suspended.
Read the explanation of 8.1.2020 published on Rupang Facebook and SPNews Agency online.
The All Khasi Meghalaya Tourist Association (AKMT) has demanded that the MDA-2 Government should introduce a policy to ban vehicles. Foreign tourists to come and earn money here in our state, that is, to enter with their tourists to the tourist attractions here in Meghalaya.
Many said that the inability of the law to arrest Bah Pynshngain, has shown that it is like a gun without a bullet.
Furthermore, the newspaper “A GOOD MISSIONARY” speaking of Father Felix Matta says, “HE WAS READY TO OFFER HIM UNTIL DEATH IN THE MYNTANG RIVER AS A SACRIFICE FOR THE LIFE”.
I expect that those villages who want to be with the state especially those inhabited by Khasi and Garo will come to the state because the ethnic identity of those who live in those villages will be one of the factors to decide. I hope that the Assam government will also respect this,” he said.
They can do whatever they want.
She started shynrai planting about five years ago in her village and taught other villagers to start shynrai planting.
Andrew Shullai has won the post of CEM today in a special session to elect the leader after Thombor Shiwat resigned.
According to him, the permission for holding the hunting competitions was given by the district authorities.
This is the news from the farmers as well as government employees who took part in the rice festival which was held on the 25th of July at Mukhap village.
This news was reported by NJ Thakuria, a journalist from Guwahati.
“The state government will take up this issue for discussion with the central government to request it to reduce the tax collection in the country as the price of petrol and diesel is still rising,” he said. said.
The statement said that the harassment of Tripura youth is because foreigners have seen that they have become low paid and that the government is led by people who are no longer indigenous. .
“During the protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, we also met with the officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs and they promised to look into the three demands of HANM. to inform the Government of India,” said Bah Kharbani.
Lakmen, after returning from Delhi, said that out of the T.163.31 crore received from the central government, Lakmen said that the T.163.31 crore received from the central government is the amount collected from the destruction of forests in the state. Speaking to media at his office today, the Minister of State for Forests said that in Meghalaya, the government has only 5% of the forests under the government and about 76%.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Jaintia Hills has expressed its gratitude to these four youths who have brought glory to the village and the district as a whole.
Shitang Rymbai, as mentioned above, was a brave ruler who had no measures to restore the sanctity of religion and customs as well as the rule of law. he has a strong faith, the religious ceremonies in the area, whether small or large, are sacred, he does not want to mix them with the political affairs of the kingdom.
The legend says that in the beginning of the world, when the Moosiang, the Mootha (Mawsiang-Mawtha) were still like clean dewbilat, there was a woman in Jowai named “SYNTU” who had lost her parents since do not be afraid.
The Chairman of the Land Owners of War San Lyngdoh, Bah OS Myrthong, said that the reason why the land owners have chosen this route is because of the suffering of the people of the area due to the lack of the right road.
East Khasi Hills has 271 new cases and West Garo Hills has 63 cases.
“We have now filed a Benami Act against these villagers and we will arrest them in the coming days to prosecute them according to the rules of law,” said the police chief.
There should be no clear reason why he was killed,” said Dr MGR Kumar.
The BJP also nominated Rikman G. Momin from Tura, who received only 31,707 votes and who lost his security.
District Heads from the DC, Magistrate, SP and other officials from various departments came to witness the last rites.
In addition, employees or assistants of other political parties shall not interrupt public meetings of other parties by asking questions or distributing leaflets on behalf of their parties.
East Khasi Hills has 114 cases, 7 cases in East Garo Hills, 7 cases in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills.
In 2020, the Khasi Hills District Council has passed the KHADC Solid Waste Management Act 2020, which aims to punish those who spread household waste.
At the same time, police have intensified their search operation to rescue Tapan Saha who has not been found yet.
This happened at 11 pm on Saturday morning.
In a directive issued today, the department said that the rules should be observed in accordance with Section 20 of the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995 and the Program Code as explained in this Act. .
He said that the MGMP is one of the programs that aims to achieve this goal of the youth who are talented in the field of music and dance.
Shillong: The State Government, through the Department of Agriculture, has declared the above 19 villages as the areas with the highest incidence of African Swine Fever.
Samborlangki was shifted to NEIGRIHMS Shillong and released on Tuesday evening, while the mother and son were shifted to Civil Hospital Shillong where they were detained for treatment.
The General Secretary of the MMOEA, Mighter N Marwein, said that the strike will be from Ranikor to Nongjri due to the poor condition of the roads in the area. The union has taken this step by putting in front of the people because as soon as the trucks carrying coal, small vehicles and other vehicles carrying food items pass through this area.
He hopes that through such events, we will be able to showcase our traditional dress and culture and to preserve our own culture and to learn to respect that of others.
“They just came and lived in the house we had built until they took away my ticket and gave the ticket to a foreigner,” said Bindo.
The economist said the constitution and map would also change if Modi and his team return to form a government.
Shillong: Due to the outbreak of covid 19, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has banned the entry and exit of Golflink every Sunday from today until further notice. even.
Referring to the public service which was held inside the grounds of the Presbyterian Church New Nongstoiñ, tens of thousands of Christians from different churches in the area came to serve together. The Chior was also performed by various Blangs who sang very beautiful songs which also encouraged all the participants.
“The mid-term elections to the KHADC and JHADC are under preparation by the government and will be postponed soon,” he said.
Therefore, the District Magistrate's Office has issued an order that the residents of these parts of the area should not go outside, hold any party or entertainment, open shops, open any shops. training centers.
As part of the preparations for both the Assembly and Lok Sabha elections, Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge said, “After we came to power in In 2024, we will implement a special quota for women while ensuring its implementation among women included in the OBC women category.
Besides looking after patients, he has to attend meetings or trainings from time to time and this creates problems for the public who come to get medicine or assistance every day.
The Kashari High Court has ordered the police to submit a report on the progress of the investigation into the FIR lodged against the corrupt recruitment of LP school teachers which came to light in Shillong, Naitung 8: The Meghalaya High Court today accepted the complaint filed by the Minister of State for Education, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. The Congress has lost the MP election against the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma on the allegation that the government has not issued the Utilization Certificate (UC) to the NPP candidate. Central Government on the implementation of MGNREGS during the elections.
In the KHADC dorbar last month, HSPDP MDC from Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, raised the question whether foreigners living in Them Metor have trading licenses. License), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM, who is also the head of the KHADC Trade Department, replied 'yes'
New Delhi, July 30: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, who participated as the Chief Guest at the 7th Economic Times' Best Healthcare Brands 2023 conference held in the city. Delhi.
He was one of the leaders involved in the clearing of Lum Sohpetbneng and the Seng appointed him as the first Secretary of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie since its inception. , on 30th June, 1990 and has served for many years and is also a former Chairman of this Committee.
In 2002, Mukroh lost four people in the attacks of Karbi militants, Dia Myrten, Wen Samiang and Sngaid. Hasem, Trevor Talang, Phun Hasem, Dik Sumer and Tdan Shadap.
Shillong: Following the news that a poor woman has been infected with the corona virus, the management of NEIGRHIMS Hospital has temporarily closed the Labor Ward as part of the treatment and quarantine. cleaning together to find those who have met a poor woman sleeping inside the Labor Ward.
“On the other hand, the HYC Jaintia has warned the perpetrators to stop immediately from defaming the Seng.
According to information received, BJP leaders including the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, are now considering preparing to introduce a VAC as a body for them. Village council.
On 24th October, the State Government has set up three Regional Committees to consider the current status of the seven unresolved disputes and to submit their report within 45 days. .
So if you have a Third Heaven, 2 Corinthians 12:2
At the end of the service, Tbn AS Dohling General Secretary of the LLC gave a welcome speech and after the service, various games were conducted by Ridahunlin Lyndem and PD Lyndem.
When the HNYF members seized these cow trucks, which could not produce proper documents, the HNYF members tried to check these cow trucks, where When they climbed on top of these three trucks, they found that there were foreigners who had hidden themselves on top of these trucks and who had hidden two persons in each truck.
The selfish behavior of drivers has caused many to stumble.
On the other hand, the HITO has requested the DC of Ri Bhoi, the SP and the Officer Incharge of Umsning to take action on this issue, as from time to time there are tragic incidents. and if there are police forces to patrol the people while using this road, it will be a pleasure for the people who stand through this road of Umsning-By Pass.
Speaking to media, Ronnie said the TMC has proceeded to announce the MP candidates from 42 constituencies in West Bengal without waiting for the Congress. Meghalaya, the TMC leader blamed the Congress.
It is learned that the reason why the tourist taxi stopped in the river was after the driver of the taxi stopped near the river. He stopped the vehicle and put it in neutral which caused the vehicle to fall into the river and cause damage.
Speaking on his meeting at NESAC, he said the discussions were on the use of technology to accelerate development works and its implementation in the region.
The celebration was organized by the Ministry of Cooperation in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Ltd., Rural Finance. Shillong, bad Meghalaya Livelihoods and Access to Markets Projects (Megha-LAMP) of Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA).
The statement said that Rahul has been informed that the reason for the problems is because in public administration, the Central Government or the Government in many states are trying to violate human rights. laws of all kinds to restrict the freedom to serve and worship God.
She must have been lost and drowned without anyone to save her.
According to information received, the residents said that it was unexpected that these women would do this, but it is believed that there is an old reason why they had a fight with no re. and what caused them to take this step.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, Bah AL Hek, said that the Central Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has brought many benefits to the people without looking at the They belong to any religion or nation.
When asked, Ardent said, “Why should the government have to talk to its employees?
Therefore, the residents have expressed their concern that most of the bad roads fall under Mawkyrwat Division and also in Ranikor Division. The people of the area especially when transporting the sick.
Welcome speech was delivered by Kong Witres Langbang and speech by the President of VO regarding the opening of these two offices.
Jowai, Naitung 1: Samuel Suchiang and his wife Wan Dkhar today received the 10 lakh tyngka award from the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr.RC. Laloo at the meeting with the SP of WJH, R. Muthu, Head of the State Bank of India.
Because if we had united in the 2023 election and avoided splitting and forming many political parties, we would have had a strong government, so you can say and blame anyway this is a lesson from now on. ".
Regarding the opening of these buildings, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that the reason why the MTDC has opened these buildings and also the website, is to promote the tourism activities and also to attract tourists from different parts of the country, because through the provision of accommodation, it enables tourists to stay longer and for the benefit of the state.
Five students from 40 schools from rural and urban areas of West Jaintia Hills were selected for the camp.
According to the announcement by the Waheh Shnongs, all the markets and shops in Jowai will be closed tomorrow. in front of the market gate.
The KSU wants such programs to be held regularly so that the Khasi living in Delhi can showcase their culture and traditions to other ethnic groups.
“Leave the matter behind when you send him to school so that he will be happy later but don't want the suffering who will be able to survive until he grows up,” said Sandra.
On Friday, the Chief Minister of West Bengal, who is also in charge of the health department, has given four hours to the pediatric doctors to continue their work otherwise they will have to leave their hostels.
The Marvelen's Inn was raided two months ago and the Child Welfare Committee took the statement of the 14-year-old girl on November 19. The SCPCR has lodged four complaints with the police. The Superintendent of Police on the incident.
Perhaps those who get food longer may be those who arrive later.
On this occasion, the Chairman, Mr. Sharma said that unrepresented tribes do not mean foreigners.
Shillong: Residents of Tyrna, vehicle owners and people who set up houses on Saturday joined hands to repair the road from Mawmluh to Mawshamok.
With this increase, the government will have to spend more than Rs 339 crore annually from the government budget.
Marak, a former MCS and MPS officer, said the protest should not forget the Reservation Roster, as the Garo people have been waiting for these issues like the rights of the Achiks and the Reservation Roster and the Reservation Roster. Nongbah Tlang is the right of the Garo people.
Mairang, November 2: The office of the District Social Welfare Officer West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday celebrated the International Day for Persons with Disabilities (PWDs). residents with disabilities.
“I hope that the Chief Ministers of these two states will take action as soon as possible so that the problems of the residents in these areas can be resolved,” he added.
The 30-year-old woman said that she too has seven children.
Until now, no CEM or Minister of Agriculture has visited Iewduh to speak face to face.
Please tell us about Puriskam.
The Minister said that the government has urged the contractor to remove the smoking license so that the construction can start as soon as possible.
It has decided that those who pose a threat to health workers with their violent actions will face stringent consequences," Vijayan said, after inaugurating the 5,409 Twenty Public Health Centers (PHCs) at Pirappancode Public Health Center in Thiruvananthapuram.
The cycle race will continue on the second day with the 80km road race from Shillong to Mawthadraishan.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 22: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA), Shillong in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department, the Health Department of the C&RD Block and the District Legal Services Authority Nongstoiñ, has organized a Health Camp cum Awareness Program on NALSA scheme and Government Welfare Scheme on the theme “Bridging the Gap”, on the 20th of this month at St. John Bosco Higher Secondary School, Nongkhroh-Rambrai.
This program has benefited many students in the area.
He appealed to all those who support the village to continue your support, so that the good intentions of the village will be successful.
“To build and train children in the field of education, a strong foundation is essential,” said Bah Renikton. your children.
Bah Wahlang explained to the village officials and Seng Khasi leaders that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has not allowed to hold the sacrifice because the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has not received permission. in this area which is in the midst of a situation that could lead to disturbance in the peace and order.
During the investigation, no one was injured.
The king answered and said to Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.
The foundation of the Khasi-Pnar children is clear in heaven and on earth that it is a country and a nation.
The Regional Committee has held a meeting between the two states at Holy Cross Higer Secondary School, Umkiang to resolve the issue.
The production of ethanol requires plants and this will help the farmers of sugarcane, riewhadem and others to benefit.
Chennai Lions, who are still the champions of the tournament, have now signed Sharath Kamal.
The St. Joseph's Academy of Nursing (STN) has launched a Nurses' Day as part of the celebration of the International Nurses Day on the 11th of June at Umtrew, Ri Bhoi District.
The government has closed down the entire state from the market, travel, education, sports. different even from the places of worship as well.
Other types of soils found in Khasi-Jaintia are those soils which have been carried away by the rivers from the places where they used to be.
On the other hand, Samla Donbok Dkhar, said that the union came after the farmers received a letter from the Ministry of Agriculture and the letter that only one member of the household can benefit from the farmers. 'PM Kisan Scheme'.
The specific focus of this program is to educate people on the importance of healthy eating and the importance of healthy eating habits.
We will not rush the VAB,” said Ban.
He said that the Bill is said to bring assurance to the owners of houses who rent to the tenants and also to bring peace to the residents as well as to maintain peace and order. in the state.
However, in the midst of his grief, Bah Malngiang was encouraged when some of his friends who had recovered from the same counting of bones, advised him to go for treatment at the Orthopedics Department of Shillong Civil. The hospital has provided treatment to the people and many of them have recovered.
He just kept it in the cupboard.
The mosque was built by the Kar Sevaks on November 6, 1992, when it was claimed that the mosque stands on the site of the former Ram Temple.
The village secretary admitted that even those forests that have been destroyed by the Forest Assam, are the forests of the villagers and they have the documents to prove. but we don't have enough money," he said.
But it is only when you have experienced it yourself that you will understand what the plague and its misery are, and at that time the misery will come upon me and you, upon my family and you.
On the following Thursday, even the royal household, Pratap Singh Judev washed the feet of the tribals to convert them back to Hinduism.
Bah Hek arrived in the city on 18th March.
James Sangma said that the implementation of the OTS has gone smoothly and some petrol pump owners have come forward to pay the tax they have paid to the government. that the implementation of the OTS scheme in the state is smooth.
“The Nongthliew area needs a good and adequate education system.
The group also urged the government to set up a commission to include composers, writers and others as members, and this commission will be an independent body.
He said that the state does not have a proper border with Bangladesh and as it is now for decades Bangladeshis have been trying to enter here and have been able to stay illegally. , how much more he said if the bill becomes law.
“The Garo are completely different from the Khasi/Jaiñtia in terms of culture, customs and language.
On this day, which also marks the 10th anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The midfielder has played senior for Atletico Madrid in La Liga and has played for several clubs in the Second and Third divisions of Spain.
Acknowledging that there will be challenges in the implementation, he said that it is necessary to face the challenges and move forward and not lag behind.
“This has come about because of the cooperation in the 75 years of history of parliament,” he said.
He urged that the songs and dances should be held not only in Nongkhlaw but also in Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Our excessive behavior of human beings has turned the environment so hot that it doesn't feel like the old days when the wind blew strongly with people from all over India and abroad. They come here to our country and escape the heat especially in these months.
Besides the works that have already been implemented, including roads, paths, streets and footpaths, there are also many works that Bah AL Hek in his leadership has brought in different villages of in Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
What we see here is that God knows exactly whom He has chosen.
Bah Syiem also recalled the actions of Dr Mukul Sangma during his tenure as Chief Minister by introducing the Rangbah Shnongs Disqualification Act and the title of MLA-MDC. he who stands against this law.
Shillong: U Bernard N Marak of Danak Kongbe Tura WGH has lodged a complaint that on July 10 at 11 pm, leaders of GSU, FKJGP, ADE, AYWO and All Garo Hills Archery Association have robbed and destroyed weapons. your tar.
Bah Hek hopes that one day the state will be able to produce talented sports stars who can bring fame and glory to the state, their families and at the same time. to showcase to the world that Meghalaya too can produce talented players.
The Nongtrai area is a place where the weather is not too hot, in the morning and evening the weather is slowly cold.
The bodies were shown scattered around the Wyckoff Heights Medical Center in Bushwick and this was not just one hospital, but many others in New York City.
SHILLONG : The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has decided to give until 31st June this year to the state government to set up entry and exit points or gates to check the entry and exit of the state government. of people to the state or experience violent protests.
Our cultures, traditions and histories are woven together in the common life and common existence of humanity.
The incident took place in Dhamtari district of Chhattisgarh.
The festival will end tomorrow on the 10th of this month when the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma will inaugurate the Lakadong Turmeric Collective Marketing Center at Thadmuthlong A, Shangpung Pohshnong. The Prime HUB, said that the Lakadong Festival will end with a musical program in the evening.
This will be Lajong's third away match after drawing 1-1 against Mohammedan SC and Rajasthan United.
The Environmental Impact Assessment Notification 2020 is currently only a draft to be enacted into law. It has to go through the Parliament of India which means it has to get the approval of both the Houses of Parliament. the Lok Sabha and the National Assembly.
“How can I give a scheme of Rs 43.50 lakh to a private individual, think about whether this is possible,” Rymbai asked reporters.
He said that if the government implements the road from Nongstoiñ to Kyrshai for a distance of only 37 kilometers, it has no idea and until it implements the remaining road, it will not be known how many years later. years will be able to achieve.
In this regard, the Village Leaders said that tomorrow they will send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to discuss the matter. Assam Police and will request that the arrest and investigation should be handed over to the Ri Bhoi Police as these youths are Khasi youths and cannot trust the Police. Assam.
At the same time, Conrad also mentioned many development works and projects implemented by the MDA I government, from water supply, where the implementation of the JJM scheme has received praise from the government. middle.
Meghalaya's team includes Dianchi Dora N Sangma, Dubleen D Nengnong, Indariakor Kharwanniang, Fennysha Nongrum, An Kita Shrma, Kambesa Agitok, Abiezer Khar Syiem, Janic R Marak, Monica Singh, Emisakani Warjri and Rikmanchi. M Sangma, Jayshree Singh, Awesa G Momin, Jaylynn R Marak, Natasha Rabha.
So if you can’t drink enough water, you’ll see a lot of negative consequences from lack of water consumption.
If you do that, I'm sure your parents won't stop you from playing,” said Arjuna Award winner Chhetri.
Speaking to reporters, Poonam said, “This is a court of law, what the government has done is right or wrong. it would be better if the political parties came at the same time to give their explanation.
If our country believes in unity among differences, it (the Government of India) has the right to recognize our language, the language which has been admitted to Kolkata University since
The General Assembly of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) has ended for one day after no issues were discussed on Monday.
The meeting was conducted by Wanristone Khyriem, Head of Umladkhur.
The Seinraij Jowai has decided to immediately close down its markets at Iawmusiang Jowai, Datlawakor Square and others in Jowai to fight against and end the chain of spread of #COVID_19 from Tuesday.
I as the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District, express my deep sorrow over the deterioration of the NH-6 road which passes through Umkiang Village.
We forget and don't respect them because they have been misunderstood as poor, unnecessary women and therefore cannot build the rule in the kingdom.
“Why doesn't the government give 10 times the money because there are SHGs who want to eat and I want to tell you SHGs, the assistance that comes to mind is your money and If there are many SHGs who just want to eat the money, the future of the SHGs is over and they will not come out again. the answer and the answer is also slow.
The owner of Bethany Hospital, Dr. John Sailo Ryntathiang has passed away at NEIGHRIMS on the midnight of the 14th of this month. His body will be laid to rest on the 15th at the Electric Crematorium, Mawprem, where he will be buried at his residence in Nongpoh.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw Lumdorbar, Bah Paul Star Lyngdoh, said that on the 11th of this month, the residents of Umsaw Lumdorbar and the Assam police had destroyed the signboard. They alleged that it was done by the village leaders and tried to investigate and arrest the leaders without finding out the truth who broke the Assam signboard.
The point we will start with today is the following.
The report sent by the CRS, which was sent recently to the Inspectorate, did not say that the incident in Balasore was not only due to a mistake in the signage but directed the Railways Department to ensure that it changes the operating procedures in the presence of the Head of State.
Furthermore, the Word of God says, “If they return with all their hearts and souls to the land of their slavery to those who enslaved them and pray to their land.
This comes after on 24th November 2019, members of the MPUF including Juni Phawa, David Dkhar, Viky Dhar and Scientist Sana, were arrested on charges of stealing and lute not that truck driver.
These seven players, including the Coach and Manager, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, were awarded with cash prizes.
In the letter, the union demanded that the CS should punish the revenue collection gates of the Syiems and Chiefs along the road.
They are among those who went for testing from 23rd to 31st November 2020 and when searched, to submit these results of the doctors.
The Minister said that the Government of India will not wait as it may also cancel the railway project to Shillong and the money will be used for other zones that can connect the railway.
BJP Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang said, “The Congress is well aware that its opportunities have become brighter with the passing of the days and the BJP's book has become clearer.
He said that coal mining in Sohra started 100 years ago.
There is an urgent need to arrange for the protection of the Khasi people living on the border to avoid the increasing attacks by the Assam police, Nepali and Karbi insurgents and robbers.
Chandigarh: Former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala today passed Class 10 and 12 at the age of
The party has informed the Presidents and General Secretaries of the Units/Circles/Districts to attend the meeting.
We don't need a leader who is stupid and stupid who knows how to speak in the Assembly.
We work for the poor in the rural areas, we are sorry that people call us high level or low level, there is no such thing”.
In Sylhet, Jamaat-e-Islam, under the banner of Hefazat-e-Islam, held a rally in the city.
The reception was attended by NPP National Vice President and State President Prestone Tynsong, MP candidate Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, National General Secretary Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, two NPP MLAs. including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and Bah Damanbait Lamare, other NPP leaders Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang and other NPP party leaders. The North East Games in Nagaland, on 22nd October, saw the men and women athletes of the country win several bronze medals in several games.
There is also a stone called 'maw khyllung' and when you look at the shape of this stone it looks like a child.
According to him, the investigation including the investigation, the regular search of vehicles and the lack of respect for the people has affected the people in the area.
Indeed, the preaching and explanation to school children and college students who are still growing up to avoid drugs is one of the easiest ways to raise awareness by Government departments.
Speaking to reporters, Bah D.Sun President of the party, said that the government has not acted according to the agreement, according to the discussions with the Sengbhalang, Village Authorities and Hima Authorities.
However, for many, they are surprised and wonder why there is something behind it that has not been used.
They are an encouragement to others.
He said that the government has directed all district councils to send the UCs by next month.
Resubelpara, Jymmang 08: The Congress party in Resubelpara on Saturday disbanded its form after its supporters joined the All India Trinamool Congress (APC) at Jonglapara Community Hall, North Garo Hills.
The team led by Thomas Dennerby needs to prepare well for these two matches against the teams ranked 11th and 32nd in the world.
Out of the four Ministerial posts in the MDA-I government, only two have been given in the MDA-II government and if they continue to support in 2028, the NPP will zero them.
Besides rice, there are other crops, such as shriew, riewhade and krai.
Lumparing, who are second in Group B, beat Synroplang 77, who are second in Group B, who are also unbeaten in all three matches. .
In the U-17 category, OM Roy SS beat Pynthorumkhrah SS 11-0 with Resen Malngiang scoring in the 3rd and 16th minutes, Belton Lartang in the 21st minute and Jefferson in the 21st minute. Nongrud in the 24th and 27th minutes, Obadaia Bareh in the 25th and 27th minutes, Chesterpaul Lyngdoh in the 29th and 33rd minutes, Arky Paul Kurbah in the 36th and 42nd minutes.
On the other hand, Tura District Cricket Association scored 110 runs in 38.5 overs for the loss of all wickets.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah should take responsibility and the department he holds should be prepared and adequate to hold any meetings.
Health benefits of drinking klong juice : Benefits on digestion : The juice of this jhur is rich in fibre.
It is a true news and I am very happy to see the players of the state, who in the 50 years that the state has got its own state, but the number of officials has increased. hiar arsut until that is the only place to sit, to clean, to clean, to go outside to look after them.
The Government has also appointed a team of inquiry headed by a retired Judge along with two non-resident officers for conducting the inquiry.
Raj Biswa scored 3 runs and Das lost wickets without scoring any runs. Nawaz took 2 wickets for 31 runs before Kishan Lyngdoh and Punit Bisht. The guest professional scored 57 runs for the loss of three wickets.
The ILP should be well developed in such a way as to allow the Hima Dorbars, Dorbar Shnongs and Seng Bhalangs to participate.
In the women's 50kg category, Pynsuklang Lyngdoh (Seng Khasi College) defeated Daihunshisha Mawlong (Seng Khasi College) in the 55kg category. Merisha Thongni (Seng Khasi College) won the title by defeating Jolene V Diengdoh (St. Edmund's College) in the 60 kg category. Riteeka Sarki (BBS College) in the 65 kg category, Yirmi Jagoi (Women's College) defeated Kriti Noroh (St.Edmund's College) and in the 70kg category, Ladapbiang Malieh (Seng Khasi College) defeated St. Mary's College won the title by beating St. Mary's College.
From Nartiang, Sajar Nangli and his troops went down to the surrounding areas and erected a monument in the name and honor of Sajar Nangli, which is known as Maw Sajar or better known as “Moorawi” who is not in Nongjrong.
[In India, many churches rule their members according to their traditions.
he also knows those who trust in him, which means he accepts those who trust in him.
It is necessary to look into this company, whether it is a company that is slow and unable to do the job.
Bethlehem is six miles [10 km] east of Jerusalem and 73 miles [73 km] east of Gaza from the Mediterranean Sea.
Rida replied, “Don't hide, I know you're sad... Are you sick...?” The mother asked again, “Yes, no.
On behalf of Sein Kyntu Sein Raij 12 Daloi, we wish all the children of Sein Raij Muthlong all the best and hope that this Behdeiñkhlam celebration will drive away the COVID-19 pandemic and our State will be free. and this is the disease.
This enzyme can even break down the throat if you eat too much sohtrun.
The MSCW has been in the news since its Chairperson, Kong Phidalia Toi, was questioned for allegedly involved in politics and participating in the election campaign of the NPP candidate in Jowai in the MLA elections. depth.
On the UDP's demand for a CBI inquiry, Pala said the UDP is an anti-Congress party and it is a way for the opposition to try to take advantage of such unfounded allegations. .
Similarly, for the sake of smooth traffic, safety and to reduce the time consumption of travel, Light Motor Vehicles (LMVs) have been recommended to use the following roads: VIP Road na ( Shillong Airport, Umroi) - Nongkohlew - Mawsiatkhnam.
Earlier, Chief Executive Member (CEM) Albinush R Marak inaugurated the exhibition of handicrafts.
Shillong: Heavy rains in these days have affected the entire state and Garo Hills, which has been the worst affected by the heavy rains which have brought about The floods in the Brahmaputra River have affected the plain parts of West Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills where many villages have been flooded.
“We have to ask what the future holds for the state, if there are such government officers.
Officials from NEHU also came to the Secretariat and attended a meeting chaired by the Prime Minister following the failure of the CUET examination at NEHU in the presence of the Coordinator of NTA. Rakkam said the State Government has decided to write immediately to the NTA to inform them about the postponement of the CUET examination especially at NEHU where the preparation for the examination has been done in a hurry. at the last minute.
The appearance of this garbage dump near the highway has encouraged foreigners especially tourists to throw their garbage in the garbage dump, which they don't even have to get out of the car. can only be dropped from the door of the car).
In the second leg, Sabahmuswang beat Nangbah Sports Association 2-0
Babel is not a confusion, but another ideology that stands and fights against the idea or belief of having one power, one government, one kingdom, one language and one culture.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said, “I am pleased to announce that we have strengthened the Child Helpline Service (1098) by It is planned to create and appoint 14 more posts, which will assist in the smooth running of this service”.
Balambha Shadap of 4-Mowkaiaw United took two wickets in three overs.
Competitive hunting should not enter your mind as this is illegal and will end but farming will never be illegal at all.
Deputy Commissioner, EJHD, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, handed over the Momento to Irene Dkhar and those who attended the programme, including Additional Deputy Commissioner, Jonathan Shylla, District Coordinator of Swachh Bharat Mission EJHD, Wanbha Buam, Dkhar preparer, Jensing Bareh, mother and father of Irene Dkhar, family members, employees of the Deputy Commissioner's Office and others.
He asked the elders of the area to choose a site for the establishment of a Sub Center for Health.
Speech was delivered by Bah P.Sohkhlet, General Secretary of Shillong Press Club, who said that in his 24 years of service as a journalist, this is the first time that they have received such recognition. you are honored.
There were drivers of vehicles and especially those who carry food items, who expressed their concern that they have to stay in one place in this area, where there is no water, no river or any shops. They also said that although they are like those who deliver food and drink to different places, but when they leave the place without food or drink, no one comes to help or talk about the problem. their.
He also expressed his gratitude to other Rangbah Shnongs from neighboring villages who came together to prevent this incident.
At the same time, the Seng congratulates the Dorbar Shnong Madanryting for taking action and monitoring the registration of voters and urges other Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant on this registration. vote of the Election Commission.
In the struggle according to the time, the struggle is over.
In an article written by Bah DH Kharkongor entitled “When our country has no foundation”.
Because in the inheritance of those kings of the Jaintia Hima, they had introduced Hindu pandits from Bengal until a temple was built at Nartiang to comply with the traditional customs of the Pnar people, which had spread to other countries. the area to the city of Jowai; thus the name Jaintia has remained to this day.
In addition, students who are full citizens of Meghalaya for the year 2023-24 are also invited to apply for the renewal application form for the Merit Scholarship. for the Central Sector Scheme of Scholarship for College and University Students (fresh and renewal) to be awarded by the Ministry of Education, Department of Higher Education, Government of India.
Furthermore, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that they have no authority to cancel these PRC certificates as these PRC certificates have been issued by the DCs of the districts.
Regarding these allegations, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, who accompanied the borrowers, said that she has lodged a complaint against Renu for raping a 13-year-old girl. She also released the child and now she said that Renu has been arrested by the police.
However, when he reached the station, four men surrounded him and threatened him with a gun.
The Minister told the AMSSASTA leaders that the MTET which the government plans to conduct now is for those youngsters who are new or pre-service who want to enter the teaching profession in the government LP & UP. Schools.
I don't have a name for myself.
The JSM has received many complaints from the vendors, as well as from those who walk on the footpath from Iew Shyiap and along the road near the office of the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD. The union has found that many foreigners are selling without proper documents such as Trading License, Labor License and Temporary NOC from the Waheh Shnong.
So far, the death toll in the state has risen to 38, except for one who died at NEIGRIHMS Hospital who tested positive for Covid-19 in Assam.
If we mention the change that Bah Tynsong believes will happen, it may be the joining of other MLAs from other parties who cannot increase the number of MLAs in the NPP, which currently has When asked whether this state will be one of the MLAs who can join the NPP, he said I cannot answer that, now but you have to wait for the 6th if you want to know. .
The High Court of Tripura has rejected the state government's request to look into the decision of a one-judge panel which said that more than 50 percent of the posts have not been allocated according to the groups. should be kept for one announcement regarding vacancy.
After a review meeting with the Cabinet Ministers, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the state government has accepted the recommendation of the Urban Affairs Department and has submitted these plans to the Urban Affairs Committee. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to do whatever is necessary together with the Municipal Board together with the Director of Urban Affairs to improve and provide land to the shopkeepers.
From the beginning of the match, the national team has strengthened its performance by scoring a penalty corner.
Hek said that in East Khasi Hills District, nine army personnel and 46 civilians have tested positive.
“It's not like that place in the field,” said Banri.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the residents of Mawlai to stop their protest as the state government will not provide land for the construction of a shirta camp for the Central. Reserve Police Force (CRPF) at Mawlai village.
It is to be recalled that the road from Nongkhlaw to Kynrud is about 20 kilometers long and has been in disrepair for years without any improvement. It takes a long time to reach from Kynrud to Nongkhlaw.
When at night in bed she started to detail from her husband.
Shillong, Lber, 6: The Election Department and the Education Department of the State Government on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding to implement the Electoral Literacy Clubs (ELC) for the registration of voters. Students who have reached the age of 18 years to get their Electoral Photo Identity Card (EPIC) before the upcoming Lok Sabha elections across India.
Dr Mukul was supposed to leave Umroi at 2.30 pm for Garo Hills.
He was first elected as MLA of Sohiong in 1988 from the HSPDP and continued until
There are between 250-300 children at the school and older women from other ethnic groups study at the school.
What has been seen is the claim of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and some in the ruling party that only this government can resolve the border issue after 50 years of Meghalaya's independence. I'm from the state.
“Since 1888 AD, these areas have been under Block I within the boundary of Jaintia Hills, but due to the government's census, these areas have not been included yet. These areas are on the border of Meghalaya,” said Sungoh.
He said that not only will this road make it difficult for the people to travel, but it will also make it difficult for them to trust the authorities of the state government.
These three projects, which started today, bring the state closer to the milestones of the vision that this government has for the state”.
KHNAM said that as of now, there are no signs to prevent the illegal entry of mynder from neighboring countries.
Shillong, June 08: The BJP in Meghalaya has confirmed that the people should not be afraid that the BJP government will ban cow meat as this is not true.
This has been implemented through the Autonomous District Councils which we have had since
According to a statement sent by the BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Shillong, the smugglers threw stones at the BSF personnel while they were on patrol and in this incident one personnel was injured. .
We may ask Why LORD? Yahshua tells us about Balei.
The Minister said that the development of football depends on the availability of sports grounds and he hopes that the government's goal of finding sports grounds in rural areas to clean up plastic will help. to the youth to exercise and showcase their sports talents.
“The new district has been created not because it is in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills or Garo Hills, but on the basis of statistics showing that this area is at the bottom of the list of development. crawl.
Bah Mayral congratulated the management of Umdohkha School for their hard work to improve the quality of education in the village and also the parents of the students to take good care of their children. He urged the students to be diligent in their studies and to avoid evil deeds that can lead to destruction.
On the other hand, the VPP has already announced the nomination of Dr. Ricky Syngkon for the Lok Sabha MP election.
Consensus: means consensus, consensus-consensus is the election and organization of a group of people and consensus is the agreement of a group of people to do anything.
The meeting was conducted by TBn SS Majaw who is the Chairman of the SELD Committee.
In his speech, the KSU Sengkmie, besides advising the members of the KSU, it was also understood that the KSU Sengkmie leader is very sorry for the reputation that Byrnihat has received. He said that the party relies on the state government to talk to the Assam government, but if the government does not take action to talk to the Assam government, it means that the party will do what is necessary, through the rules of law.
Shiva Thapa from Assam, Amit Panghal and Sanjeet from Services won.
Now is the beginning of those things which are to come, which the Word of God saith, which were not before the foundation of the world.
Then I asked them again, 'Do you rejoice when someone dies?'
However, he said that the next day, Bamon lodged a complaint against him at the Khliehriat Police Station, accusing the peacemaker of being a troublemaker.
In North Garo Hills, there are 22 cases.
Faith in God the Creator is the right of everyone.
To the Gentiles, it means the age of the Gentiles.
The Meghalaya High Court recently ordered the Chief Secretary to close down the illegal coke factories in West Khasi Hills.
“During my tenure, I have renewed the salaries of the employees twice,” he said.
In the complaint, the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlaingut urged the police to take action to arrest the people involved in the damage to the Khasi cemetery and punish them according to the rules of law.
Before the incident, it was learned that the three men had visited their relatives in Langkyrdem and Pynursla and after that, they had visited the river.
He said that during the meeting, the residents of 18 villages requested that while the boundaries cannot be given, they should give the police station to these border areas. The Prime Minister said that we will not increase the work on these issues but we will move forward to resolve the border issue.
He urged the village leaders to work hard by looking after the youth in their villages to register when the card is complete, to inform that if there is a death from any family, to remove the names of such persons and to cooperate with the Election Department.
Bah Lyngdoh said this through Twitter and thanked the officers of PWD and MoRD for taking the initiative to accomplish this task. Umroi constituency, has written and applied to the MoRD since
However, one of the officers of the Election Commission, said that this is not mandatory, but it depends on the will of the people.
Thus we understand that man is a spirit.
This political issue will be better understood by those who know politics, here we are talking only about the public affairs, the market affairs of our country.
The JSM also strongly warns against any benami citizens to carry out various activities in the area.
It may be recalled that in 1995, Sohra received the highest rainfall of 4710.9 mm.
Shillong, June 20: Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Titosstarwell Chyne together with Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member (EM) in charge of the market and Rangkynsai Kharbuki The EM in charge of Trade and Industry in the presence of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima Pa'iem Ainam Syiem and the Ministers of the Hima on Friday visited the Mawlong Market and Them Ïew Market. The CEM during the inspection has sent for a search of the Khaïi Licenses of foreigners and ordered to ban immediately those who do not have a license.
The Dorbar Elaka has decided to ban the burning of hills/forests throughout the Elaka as it destroys plants and other living things.
The tournament has been scheduled to be held in Indore from 1st October.
To curb the spread of Coronavirus, the KSU NEHU Unit has demanded that the NEHU authorities should immediately ban the entry of foreigners or countries affected by Coronavirus.
He also spoke about the Kisan Credit Card for farmers and fish farmers, the spending of up to T 15,000 crore by the Government for the provision of medicines to livestock, financial assistance under the Matsya Sampada Yojana to improve the fisheries industry and the establishment of 10,000 new Farmer Produce Unions in the country which has led to a reduction in the cost of farming by opening up more markets.
The union urged all the people and government employees to join hands in these protests so that it will be for their benefit.
“My daughter has a love relationship with Mohan,” said Angelbeth's father.
Speaking on the implementation of the NEP 2020, Prof Rohit Joshi, Secretary to the Board of IIM Shillong, Prof. Basav Roychoudhury and Sanjeev Ningombam, Coordinator, CEDNER and Dr APJ Kalam Center explained the steps taken by the IIM Shillong. IIM Shillong believes in multidisciplinary education which means integration, integration, collaboration and observation of different ways of thinking and working. .
We understand that there is a law prohibiting the sale and purchase of coal in this area at present; Therefore, if the Supreme Court Act prohibits the sale of coal, why doesn't the State Government have an Act prohibiting foreign coal companies from operating?
To improve the assistance to farmers, the Government has announced the implementation of the Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana to prevent soil erosion and to assist farmers who grow crops without the use of pesticides. chemical fertilizers.
The Chief Secretary of the State Government said that the Government has worked hard to build adequate sports grounds so that the children of the state can get the golden opportunity to use these sports grounds so that it can develop. to them in various sports and to bring fame and glory to the state as a whole.
Bandonboklang is also the son of Arlibon Ladia and Harold H Dykes.
On the other hand, Bah Martle Mukhim MDC Mawkynrew said that not only the HSPDP wants to elect a person of their choice, but others also express their wish by supporting their candidate. Shillong: After a meeting of all the MDCs of the UDA, they have elected Bah Titostarwell Chyne as the CEM of KHADC. Forum [SKJCLF], which is concerned about the peace and harmony in society, held a special prayer for Meghalaya on Friday 12th October 2020 at 930 pm at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
Guidingstar Suna scored the third goal for Mukhla Raij (40).
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: A house owned by Rita Massar, Shillong, has been destroyed by a fire this afternoon.
Prestone said the state government will have to look into the levy of tax on petrol and diesel as this is a cess from the education sector.
This has also affected my sleep.
Wenger, 71, has managed Arsenal for 22 years until 2018 and says it is through his Catholic faith that he has guided his life. working every day.
The winner received a cash prize of T.30,000/- and the runner up received T.20,000/- thousand tyngka.
This is also the first time that Mawkhar has scored two goals in all the matches.
Time changes, time is the cure for diseases.
The youngest brother, Ïasasaka, also wept with all those who were present at that time.
Meghalaya has the means to make these things memorable.
Check books, 16 bank passbooks, 25 ATMs, 7 mobile phones along with several SIM cards, a laptop, a scooter and T.10,000 were seized.
The election authorities, after receiving the information on Friday night, immediately informed the Election Commission of the Government of India, which agreed to hold the repoll on June 15
In a statement sent by the Vice President of the MPYC, Bah Banphiralang Basaïawmoit, he said that the youth of Meghalaya have also been affected by this scheme, where hundreds of people have lost their lives. They have prepared well for the examination and have completed other tests since last year.
New Delhi, Jymmang 27: In its first meeting of the Cabinet of Narendra Modi this evening, it was decided to set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the case of The Supreme Court of India has issued a statement saying that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
During the recent inspection of Kyndongei, Mawkapiah and Nongrim Hills, it was found that the government has neglected these villages. , because the road which has just been constructed reaches only near Kyndongei village.
There are those who are against selling kyiad to people's homes, but this doesn't matter much, because there are many people who buy tar items, when they need friends, if it's meat, jhur or any other items and kyiad, for the drinker, is an essential need and now the government has been able to fight against the corona virus, through the kyiad tax.
According to the complaint, Bah Erwin said that through the dissemination of the documentary which has been misused in various incidents, it has created such a difference between the Hindu and Christian communities. The Shillong Files has been trying to spread the idea that there is a robbery of Hindu believers living in Meghalaya especially in Shillong where such an incident has not happened at all. which is also an insult to the Christians of the state.
Regarding these issues, the Ïooksi Village Energy Committee has met several times with the Assistant Engineer at Shangpung and also met with the Executive Engineer at Jowai two months ago to resolve these issues and requested for a list of light suppliers in the village and until now the list of consumers has not been received.
She also informed the public that the health centers built during the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state are not ready to provide health care to the people in case of COVID-1 pain will strike again this time.
He took the decision to work with Bah Alvin to serve better the people of the constituency.
He did well himself.
In a statement, the Director of Health Services (MI) said that these drugs were distributed in Marten, Mawiong and Shillong.
The Khasi have become a truly intelligent nation.
According to the order, these markets will be open from Monday to Thursday from 7 AM to 5 PM. or a group of farmers.
If this continues, all those STEMS buses will be converted into SARANG buses. The introduction of these STEMS buses is for school children as well as government employees to reduce the use of buses. private vehicle and avoid traffic.
Replying to a question by the Legislative Assembly, the Minister said that the money was spent by the Planning Department.
In the first half, the referee stopped the opponent's rangïakura in the first half. He needed only 28 seconds to knock down the opponent's player. to the struggle.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 13: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Ranikor Constituency under the leadership of Bah Pius Marweiñ as the candidate for the MLA election 2023 has welcomed the leaders of the NPP Ranikor Block including The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) and women from Warsanlyngdoh Area are full supporters of the UDP. There are many reasons but they don't like the BJP because as it is now that Martin M.Danggo has left the NPP and joined the BJP. He also said that he will be the candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Ranikor Constituency.
I feel that it is the best time for the Government to look into this issue.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sunesh said that about 80% of the 100 players have been part of the team that reached the final last year along with some others. young.
The death toll in Maharashtra has risen to 178 today, the highest number of deaths, bringing the total to 4,1
They held a meeting.
Thus, instead of the public money spending 100/-, the expenditure has increased by 150/- and this is the money that you and I spend through taxes.
Behold, Damascus is turned from being a city into a desolation.
Shillong: The Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep will hold a meeting today, 8th November 2022 regarding the delay in issuing the report on the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
When you breathe in this lyer bih, it can cause cancer in the lungs.
He said that the process of submitting the NPR should be strictly strict especially in those villages where the villages are clean and the trust of the Rangbah Shnongs should be taken.
In Pynursla Constituency, NPP candidate Prestone Tynsong won by 8140 votes against Congress candidate Nehru Suting.
Work is underway to include the Pasteur Institute in this list.
The Forum also urged the residents of Block-1 not to be afraid or hesitant about this statement of the KSA leader, but to be brave and firm on their own ground.
The winners of the race were awarded cash prizes and the winners include Bah Knerlang Phawa who won first place, Josmi Ryngkhlem who came second and Kordor.
The HSPDP leader said that at present the party is working well only in West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and Shillong City.
Khliehmawlieh didn't lose heart despite being scored almost at the start of the match but with the determination to score the second goal they fought and beat Rangdajied until the end of the first half.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The National Book Trust, India in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya will hold the Shillong Book Fair from the 27th to the 3rd of March 2023 at the State Central Library Shillong.
There are also laws and amendments to certain laws that need to be made.
“Eugene's victory is a sign of the talent that Meghalaya has.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) under the leadership of its president, Bah Kitbok Thabah, has launched a campaign to demand the rights of the dancers from the state government. Since they demanded that there has been a conflict with the leaders of the state since 2000 onwards, there has been no encouragement from the government.
When we need it, we don't move our hands anymore.
The most important thing for everyone, including men and women, is to know and understand the type of skin they have.
The groups that have been involved in bringing about this change include Powertel of PGCIL and MeECL who have worked hard to implement this project.
“Before the Lok Sabha elections in 2014, Modi addressed many rallies in Assam, where he promised a daily wage of T.350,” Gowala said.
The Seng condemns the SAD Department for not being able to send the Roster so far and suspending this work.
Hep laughed and went back to the kitchen.
The president of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, who visited these families today, alleged that the Upper Klew village authorities have treated them unfairly by depriving them of the rights. .
The union expresses its regret that on the one hand the state government has ordered to feed the children every day and on the other hand the state government has not paid the salary for the past four months. They asked whether it is not a sin to take the money and shares of the poor and without respecting the women.
NEHUSU also urges the students of NEHU to be vigilant and not to join groups that try to create nationalism by shaking hands.
Aamir Khan and Kiran Rao met while shooting for the film Lagaan, in which Rao is the Assistant Director of the film. They had a son, Azad Rao Khan, in 2011, by adoption.
The program was conducted by Leonard Rabon President San Shnong in the presence of Waheh Shnongs of the area, Congress leaders and other dignitaries who came to support Tyngkan.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has rejected the government's proposal to relocate 342 households from the Harijan Colony to the Shillong Municipal Board.
The ICYM Convention will be opened by Kyrmen Shylla MLA, Minister of State for Social Welfare Etc.
“The disabled, the elderly who used to receive Rs 500 per month as a monthly allowance, have not yet received from the Chief Minister Social Assistance Scheme (CMSAS),” he said.
“We always allow our children and those who are still behind to understand that responsibility,” said Dr Mukul.
I have already registered but I don't know why they didn't include me.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also praised the performance of the students from various schools and congratulated the officers and all the staff who have worked hard for the welfare of the people of the area. .
YESS Meghalaya has distributed T 4.8 lakh tyngka to 11 Garo youth organizations by the Chief Minister.
Earlier, Gohain led the swearing-in ceremony for a new India.
Trinity Saioo was accompanied by Bah D Lyngdoh, Project Mission Director Turmeric and Officer, Horticulture Department, Hill Farmers Union. of me.
He said that the children should not wait until they are employed or until they get big jobs but should start from a small job or as soon as they get one.
Bill-Aiñrew is a law that is still in preparation and needs to be reviewed before it becomes a full law for the purpose of implementation in the society of the state.
The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, has expressed its deep anger over the turning of Wapungskur into a mortuary house by robbers.
Expressing his regret over the exclusion of the students who have passed the written test for the personal interview, Bah Modong Dhar, a father from Nangbah village, Jaintia Hills, said that the exclusion of the children who have passed the written test. hands with young children who passed the written test has left parents in dark water, even after they have already come to meet one of the police officials.
The judges will be Wanjop Sohkhlet, Amit Paul who is a famous singer of Indian Idol and Bah Donbok Marbaniang who is a singer of Khasi films. prize 50 thousand tyngka and certificates, 2nd Prize 35 thousand tyngka and certificates, 3rd Prize 25 thousand tyngka and certificates and 10 consolation prizes.
Shillong: There have been 387 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, of which 323 have recovered and 10 have died.
Indoor Secretary: Dawan Ohi Shullai.
Bah Nongbet is a lover of traditional music, a writer and composer, a singer and has trained himself to play the Duitara which is one of the most popular traditional instruments among the Khasi people.
They include YC Modi, Additional Director of CBI in Delhi, IPS in 1984, PS Purohituba in Delhi who passed in 1985, Raghvendhra Awasthi, DG. (Home Guards) passed in 1985, SB Singh, DG (Law & Order) in 1986 and RP Agrawal, Joint Director of CBI, IPS in
The first match on the opening day of the World Cup will be between Brazil and Croatia at the Arena Corin near the Sao Paulo Stadium.
When asked about the demand to amend the Reservation Policy, Bah Paul said that it cannot be said that this has been wrong from the beginning of the Reservation Policy, because how can it be allowed to wait for 2 or 3 years? to fill the vacancies, which is an underestimate of the strength of the Government's system as there will be fewer employees who will have to wait for 2 or 3 years to fill the vacancies.
He said there have been discussions with DC Kamrup that Assam will conduct a survey, but not in such a case to set up a boundary in Meghalaya.
The residents or students of the state are urged to call this number if they need any assistance due to the damage caused by the incident.
Ardent said this at a meeting held at the Additional Secretariat, Shillong, before submitting a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangh. to discuss the State Reservation Policy and the demand to suspend the Roster System.
“There are many cases where his films have done well, but I don't know about them.
So on that very day she went to the market to meet with Niakha ka Rida to discuss how to do and go.
He said that the establishment of this sub division will open up many development projects, and the details of the projects will be announced soon while many projects are still under preparation.
The MCTA has pointed out the shortcomings in the preparation, including the incomplete syllabus for some undergraduate programs such as Music and Business Administration.
I believe that even those of us who have believed in the Christian faith, we believe in the second coming of the Lord Jesus.
“We have to prepare before we preach,” he said.
Lumparing beat Synroplang 77-0, while Mawlai beat Maw-Tieng 7-0
Nongstoin College was granted the status of Deficit College in 1996 and the government pays only 6 posts of teachers. In comparison, the salary of Grade-IV employees of the state government is much higher than that of teachers of Nongstoin College.
Regarding the delay in issuing a notice, the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has asked why and for what reason the notice has not been issued yet. The Assam Police on 22nd November 2022 has handed over the case to the CBI as promised by the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
He said that this place has now turned into a hotbed of crime.
The Behdeinkhlam of the Mukhla Sein Raij is the last one held by the nine Sein Raijs in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The stickers and number plates on all Local Taxis and Auto Rickshaws in East Khasi Hills will be issued from 1st November 2019 to 30th November 2019 by the office of the DTO Shillong.
This method of electing legislators by throwing sticks in this regard, would be very bad especially in the Khasi community which is only 100 km.
It is learned that Amit Shah also visited Moreh and Kangpokpi areas of Manipur and on the same day he held meetings with members of the groups. followed by a meeting with community groups in Kangpokpi.
Pynshngain Hinge scored the first goal in the 40th minute and Poimidanial Thubru scored the second goal for Nangbah Mooknir in the 54th minute. night.
However, she said that the government's pension scheme for single women is less than T.1000 per month and she feels that the scheme should be increased so that she can take care of herself. “The problem faced by single women is because they have not received adequate employment training,” said Sailo. employment training so that they can stand on their own feet.
Because of this, despite receiving explanations from the police, 1000 Jaintia youths have demanded to suspend the Personal Interview which the police have called tomorrow.
Welcome speech was delivered by the Sordar of Pynden-Umjaraiñ, Bah Stalinroy Thongni. The meeting was conducted by Samla Thrangbor Wanniang and welcome speech was delivered by Baïaineh Thongni.
Lapynshai Syiemlieh (Under-23) in the 48kg category, Pynnehbor Mylliemngap in the 48kg category and Edilbert Ryngdongsngi in the 85kg category. kg and Skhemborlang Marweiñ in the 51kg category.
Speech was also delivered by Mr. Lambor Suchen, Skill Development Officer, MSSDS.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated the university for taking this bold step to start the eradication of niut ki nier from this area.
Agarwal said the FKJGP leader deserves bail on the grounds that he was illegally imprisoned and the inability of the police to lodge a complaint even after being in jail for 90 days after his arrest. him.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 05: Two candidates for the 2023 MLA election on Saturday completed the filing of their nomination papers with the Returning Officers, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
They were arrested with weapons including a machine gun, AK-47, 1 SBBL, pistol, bullets, demand letters and mobile phones.
In the country, there are only four states which hold MLA and Lok Sabha elections at the same time.
The PHE department headed by Dr RC Laloo has been appointed by Bah Tynsong who is also in charge of the Border Area while the C&RD department has been appointed by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who is also in charge of power.
“They conducted this survey in a very difficult manner and even during the lockdown in the city”.
He said that the members of the National Assembly will vote no confidence in the government of Imran Khan and if the no confidence motion is successful, Pakistan will get a minister. rang bah duh is not new.
As of 7th June 2017, the Aadhaar enrollment in Meghalaya was 2,78,906, or 9%, while in Assam, it was 7 percent. He said that a few days ago, the Government of India, has allowed Meghalayans to use their Aadhar number for many purposes.
All this is the BJP's plan to speak against other parties, to speak against the churches and even against the church leaders so that the people will lose confidence in the party. society will weaken and the nation will weaken.
He said that out of the 52 villages, 41 villages have been approved in writing to be in Meghalaya and 9 have been approved to be in Assam.
Shylla said that the people are not against the signboard, but they want to erect it from the Zero Line, but according to the Land Boundary Agreement signed on 6th July, 2011, it has been approved. and 150 yards.
How stupid and stupid you are! What we paid voters have been suffering for 45 years now is the corruption, discrimination, corruption, selfishness without looking after or helping the poor, the small and the rich. , that thap that dab, paidknup paidtrap.
Shillong: Six teachers who have protested against the announcement of the state government through the education department regarding the ban on college teachers who receive government assistance from participating in political activities. He expressed his satisfaction with the decision of the Meghalaya High Court.
“We appeal to all the political parties that if they have any objections to the settlement with the Government, please take a step in the right direction so that it will not affect our income. “Of course, we are ready to cooperate with the Government or the Sengbhalang,” said the statement. Therefore, if you, the Government and the Sengbhalang, show your strength, the sad thing is that we, the workers, will die.
The incident happened at Jyoti Gaon, near Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed Medical College, on Tuesday morning, when youths riding a motorcycle entered a pharmacy and Rakibul Haque, an employee of the pharmacy, was shot dead.
During these 72 years Israel has been one of the super powers even though it is a small country, not because of its own wisdom, but because God SPEAKS. When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:Matthew 24:3
After a thorough investigation by Sub Inspector Sildha N Marak, the case was registered on 31st July
The public hearing was conducted by Mr. S Edison Lamin Gassah.
“The curfew will be in force from 5 pm to 5 pm on the 20th,” said the vice president of the KSU in a statement via SMS.
Lahkmen praised the police in the state because it is through the selflessness of the police that the country and the state are in peace and order.
In the case of cobalt, copper and nickel, mine production is already more than 2% of world production.
here-meg@nic.
When I write this, I don't mean to condemn or criticize those candidates who intend to contest from this party or the candidates whom this party intends to contest in the upcoming MDC election.
From KVIC 213 applicants, 39 males and 24 females, from MKVIB 426, 37 males and 13 females and from DCIC 32 applicants. There were 32 males and 57 females.
Speaking on the occasion, u Tlang congratulated the veteran players for their willingness to take part in the Veteran Tournament. so that the future of the District and the State will improve in the field of football.
On the 31st of October, he raped the 17-year-old sister with a pistol, prompting the father of the children to lodge a complaint against the Chief Superintendent of Police.
“Unfortunately, there was no discussion at that meeting, but only a few schools were taught by the government on how to count the roster.
Earlier, Dr. Junita Kyndait (PT) Head Physiotherapy Department NEAU in her opening speech said that osteoarthritis is a common disease. it is good for people who are old.
In addition, the Chief Secretary said that 45 days have been given to the authorities to take measures to curb the quarrying of shyiap near the Umkhen River which is the main source of water for the city. Shillong.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Cricket Tournament 2019-20 has been held on the third day of the NEHU Inter College Cricket Tournament, Mawlai, Shillong.
NEHU has given only 10 months to the students to apply for the application forms for those who wish to correct their subjects for which they are not satisfied with the marks.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday urged the people of Shella to vote for the BJP in Delhi, so that the benefits will continue from the beginning. Delhi to Shella without having to travel.
In the women's category, Emmiwaka Shadap won the first prize, Ibasharai Kurkalang won the second prize and Ibasharai Kurkalang won the third prize. Ribanun Lyngdoh and Soulnavi Wanniang.
In the second match, the Maldives beat Bhutan 2-0
“Therefore, I appeal to you to implement it as soon as possible and that it will benefit thousands of citizens who have suffered for so many years,” he said.
However, the Council has not yet been able to create a single job opportunity for the youth while those who have held the post of Chairman for many years have been eating their salaries along with others. The Government has paid the expenses.
He said that together with the Nongmihkhmat in collaboration with the Hima, we have demanded that the government should remove the foreigners from Langpih area. Along with the Hima, they have also sent a letter to the Government.
On the other hand, on the opposition of the residents of Mawkyrwat to the collection of electricity bills by FEDCO, James said that the commitment to run the franchisee system is good but the residents of Mawkyrwat have not yet. understand this.
The Meghalaya High Court has not accepted the decision.
Ethan Suting scored in the 6th minute, Satur June in the 19th minute and Damehi Rngad in the 55th minute.
I am not writing this to intimidate or mislead anyone, but I am writing this because I want to express what I understand in my little understanding.
Speaking at the meeting in Tura, Sports Minister Zenith Sangma recalled the fighters for the state like Captain Williamson A. Sangma, Nichols Roy, BB Lyngdoh and others.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Mahindra Cars, Bah Syrpai Syiem Sutnga, today inaugurated his new car dealership at Mawiong Old Shillong.
The State Badminton Championship since 1982, the North East Zone Inter State Badminton Championship in 1992, 1996, 2000, 2008 and the Junior National Badminton Championship in
In reply, the Netherlands bowlers managed to score only 250 runs for the loss of all wickets in 47.5 overs.
The Women League match between Perkseh SC and Mawlum Tyrsad SC has been canceled due to heavy rain.
Regarding the construction of the commercial complex at Polo, the construction of the commercial complex at Polo has been completed by 70 percent and T.52.63 crore out of T.100.33 crore has been released to the contractor/company M/s Badri Rai and Company. .
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor in a statement sent to the media, said that the gold biscuits were immediately seized along with the vehicle. They have informed the District Election Officer (DEO) for further action.
Shillong: The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) today launched a training on the Incident Response System to train and explain to those involved in the relief work. victims of natural disasters or other disasters.
Where does the revenue that the government used to collect from the people in the form of various taxes go ? This is the money of the people and cannot be misused.
They also include four non-self-styled leaders such as Chairman, Commander-in-Chief, General Secretary and Area Commander West Khasi Hills, Area Commander Jaintia Hills and members.
Shillong, July 08: The Cabinet meeting today decided to extend the term of office of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) and Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for another 15 days. , while the term of office of the MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has been extended to six months.
However, regarding the residents who voted in both the polling stations, the CEO said that they have now proceeded to verify from the polling stations to the voters as well as those in the border villages.
"Although these teams didn't score, Marquinhos scored from a corner shot from Neymar in the 90th minute before Paris St Germain's defender left. to lead Brazil to victory.
“As an MLA, I have been monitoring the needs and improvement of Sub-Centres, PHCs, CHCs in order to improve the health sector to provide adequate services to the people. What is needed now is the Medical College which I have been talking to the government from time to time that Ri-Bhoi District has the right to get after being the only district which has been included in the list of 117 Aspirational Colleges. District in the country,” said Bah Mayral Born, adding that the state government, from the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, should take action and ensure that within this year, it should provide One Medical College in Ri-Bhoi District.
Ecuador has 31,000 cases and 1,569 deaths.
In the second half, Diengshynrum SC scored another goal in the 46th minute through Rumi Lyngdoh. you will win the title.
The Opposition Leader of the Congress Party Dr Mukul Sangma in an interview with the media on July 3, 2019 has strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government for allegedly allowing and giving The National Green Tribunal has issued rules to ban the illegal mining and transportation of coal from Meghalaya since 2014 while this order is still in force. continue until now.
Regarding the scheme for the purchase of sohtrun and kwai, she said that the assistance from the government is T.7,43,831 and the account is T.5,84,749; but they didn't even find the root of the tree.
The union also demanded that the number of doctors should be increased, as it will fill the shortage of doctors at the existing main hospital at NEIGHRIMS, which is also a hospital built and approved. during the government of AB Vajpayee, former Prime Minister of the country.
Both these teams have already secured a place in the 2nd Division for next season.
Finally, what kind of history can we preserve and give to the future? Do they praise or condemn our work?
That if that rule in the country, the kingdom, the laws are against God, God will destroy them.
She said that until now there is no desire to speak from the Congress leadership and we cannot listen until we see that there is no action from the party. talk about this part.
This affects the dignity and it is the responsibility to set an example for the future,” said Bah Martle.
The RBTEDF has organized this pageant for the first time to mark the 10th anniversary of the group since its inception in 2012 under the leadership of RBTEDF. Bah Plielad Tiewsoh as Chairman with the aim of promoting and promoting tourism in Ri-Bhoi District.
The RP in the past was 40-40, but due to the implementation of the roster system, if 10 posts are excepted, 8 posts have been allocated to Garo, then we will have the spirit to fight if they are not allowed. khasi to be born.
Adding, one of the resident leaders said that the road was built only for the benefit of a few and he said that the road was built with small stones.
The Chief Minister said that a scheme of T.209 crore has been implemented for the pig farming industry, which was announced last year.
Diego A Khriam scored the first goal for Sawmer SC in the 69th minute which encouraged the team to turn to Umphyrnai.
The Savior came from a small village, was the son of a mystery and was born in poverty; he doesn't have a roof or a staircase to hide himself from the rain, the wind, and the heat of the sun.
“The rejection of the demand to make Tura the capital during the rainy season can be seen as a disregard for the vision of the leaders who made the State a Winter Capital for various reasons.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The National General Secretary of the Trinamool Congress, Abishek Banerjee, while speaking at an election campaign in Ampati, said: He challenged the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to issue a Report Card on the performance of his government in the last five years if he wishes.
Some of the village leaders of Dong Ri Muliang and the community have not refused to gather and hold a public meeting for this issue and at the same time these village leaders of Dong Ri Muliang Area have called kiwer All the residents of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency West Khasi Hills are kindly requested to attend the public meeting. The meeting will be held on the 28th June 2016, at 9.30 pm, at the Dorbar Hall of Nonglang Village, West Khasi Hills.
He said the goal of the RSS is to convey to the people of India that they should love their country and respect it as a mother. The country should not think only of itself but should think for all and that should eliminate corruption.
Up to 26 people have been admitted to hospitals in Chungthang in Mangan district, Dikchu, Singtam in Gangtok district and Rangpo in Pakyong district.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit on Saturday with the assistance of the Village Leaders has improved and repaired the wooden bridge near Nongtyngur Village.
To upgrade the health facilities in the area like Muktapur to upgrade the Health sub center to a State Dispensary and the lack of adequate health facilities has caused problems in the area and to improve the The Umngot-Tamabil Bridge to the AH1 Four Lane, as parts of this road are necessary to connect the trade routes to Bangladesh.
In the tie breaker, Rongmesek beat Umden 4-3 goals to win the title.
A total of 850 school children from all 12 districts of the state have taken part in the three day tournament.
The sources said that not only the Opposition is planning how to overthrow the government but the Congress MLAs who are against Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Prime Minister are now trying to create a world how to overthrow the government. This is the current government.
Police sources said that the driver of the vehicle, Kailash Rai, has been arrested and the vehicle has been seized.
The intention to increase the number of members within the autonomous district council is based on the number of people from that group. these councils.
Sampath Kumar, ÏAS, Government of Meghalaya has agreed to join hands with CIPS and also to participate in the consultation between these groups. Experts from all over the states, Meghalaya has a strong interest in land management.
Other businesses and services may have these marks or may have the marks of their owners' companies.
The police department also expresses its gratitude to the Dorbar Shnongs who have joined hands to curb this incident.
They visited NEHU today, NEHU has conducted interviews for the posts of Finance Officer, Librarian and Controlling Officer. Therefore, many of them are from outside the state.
He also assured that it is his duty to provide support to the retired soldiers and their relatives so that they can escape from the problems.
The State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, in a statement, said that the party will strengthen its working groups by bringing about changes from the office bearers in the State to the Districts. and in all Mandals so that the work can be done effectively.
Then, you can put it in the fridge for a while.
She said the company should leave the state and the government should take over to run this business as it has done to others.
On the other hand , Bah Pynïaid said that with the arrival of the new Executive Committee , he is confident that even the Khasi language will be included in the 8th Grade of the Constitution.
Do you want to implement this in Meghalaya?
It is not only the people who should be blamed, because even the candidates or parties have taught and forced the people to eat money and this has been a tragedy that has affected the longbriew. manbriew of the Khasi son.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Pascal Dkhar President Hill Farmers Union Mawchynrut Block Unit, Bah Zacheus Tympuiñ President Hill Farmers Union Mawchynrut Block Unit, Bah Dabul Sing Thabah President Hill Farmers Union Mawchynrut Block Unit. other members of the organization.
The inhabitants are Pnar, Khasi, War and Karbi.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to give 1 month to the state government to complete the project to build houses for the poor families. The Shnong will confiscate the land and the houses that have been built and hand over to the poor families of the Shnong. He said that it has turned into a den of criminals and evil deeds, added Bah CB Syiem.
He said that the BJP government wants to turn India into Hindu through the CAA. It shows that they don't respect other religions and despise our Khasi country. The Congress government has brought us trouble now what else is happening because we Khasi don't think twice we think only for our own benefit we spend too much money We the Khasi people especially we will lose our race and we don't remember our country and we don't have to spend money anymore.
The dorbar also decided that if any bank or government office does not accept and reject the certificates of the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar of the Union, they will no longer cooperate with them. in whatever way they need the village chiefs.
Shillong, June 10: U HS Shylla, MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1973 has been invalid since its enactment. only its name from Assam to Meghalaya and from 1959 to 1973, but all the laws are exactly the same as the 1959 Act of Assam.
Last year, the company, after suffering a loss, laid off up to 7,000 employees and this year it plans to lay off another 4,0
The statement of this young man is true and clear when we look at these days that there are thousands of people who prefer to love dogs rather than children. ijli and ikynjing to look because they don't even want to have sex with the dogs and they go into the house and sleep on clean chairs and even in bed they don't want to sleep.
Shillong Lajong FC have moved up to fourth place in the I-League table after beating Churchill Brothers 2-0 at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Tuesday.
In a statement, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the government has not taken any action to curb such activities. a thief who has no knowledge of humanity and a spirit of compassion for others.
The JMB, which is in charge of the cleanliness of Jowai, has informed that even the shooting range has been banned from spreading garbage in the area. The bins are only for those shops which are entitled to deposit the waste in these bins.
It is learned that the driver of the Alto had reached the road when the driver of the two wheeler collided with the vehicle and later, he was injured while another passenger was injured. shaka was injured and taken to hospital.
In the Second Division, Mawliehpoh Football Club lost 2-1 to Mawrohroh Football Club, with Rimarkos Rani scoring in the 5th minute and Mejunstar Rani in the 2nd minute. Everly Dotni scored the first goal for Mawrohroh SC in the 9th minute and Everly Dotni for Mawliehpoh SC in the 50th minute.
Meanwhile, the allegation by the man that the BSF troops threatened to shoot him and throw him away, which is a lie and a false allegation against the BSF troops. On that border, they were there to protect the people of that village who live on that border.
He said that according to the Central Board of Pollution, the dewbilat factories rank 17th in the production of carbondioxide.
Therefore, it is appropriate to remember these deeds of this great man.
From the author – If the newspapers don't write about the problems of the villagers in Tripura and if the MLAs don't talk about their problems, it has proved that the villagers in the state have changed. long the water of anyone.
I don't agree with these statements of the Prime Minister.
This song is a pleasure to listen to, both in terms of its lyrics and conveying the idea of ​​an exciting travel experience.
“Another thing that surprises us the Sordar Shnongs is that the Kur Lyngdoh and the Sordar Shnongs have an understanding on how to run the works smoothly within the villages. “They were surprised and amazed,” said Bah Srotling Thongni.
The State does not need scheme distributors who are only interested in distributing from the funds already known by the Government every year to carry out development works within the constituency.
While she was eating, Peter told her about his encounter with the man who claimed to know their father well.
It is also a sadness for the farmers who have to work hard in the spirit of responsibility for their families by farming, but there is a time when only in 10 minutes they grow crops. The farmers have been damaged by natural disasters such as storms, droughts and floods, but what has encouraged the farmers is the government's promise to help them. that the assistance from the government, if received, is also limited in proportion to the damage.
“Any road in the country cannot be like the NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra,” the High Court said.
The Minister also informed that the government has taken steps to upgrade 2044 government schools under Mission education at a cost of T.326 crore, while the reconstruction and repair of 220 schools has been completed. Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools and work is in progress in 100 schools and another 1725 schools are in various stages of renovation.
KSU Jaiaw Circle President Eric Kharjana and KHNAM Jaiaw Circle President Elias Susngi have urged the GPO officials not to ban the NDSO. for the benefit of all the citizens.
In his speech, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction to see that football has started to grow well and 10 children have met him to be trained at Baichung Football Academy.
They too have evaded taxes and are run by the investment company Mossack Fonseca.
It is also prohibited to gather more than five people in one place.
“The people of the state have voted for the National People's Party (NPP) which is leading the MDA government. clean and without writing and who have a good education.
On the border issue, besides emphasizing the urgent need to review the border issues between India and Bangladesh, the RDA will also take steps to hold talks with the Government of India to resolve the border issue. the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam – in accordance with Article 6 of the Constitution.
Nongpoh, Nailur 23: The National People's Party (NPP) in Umsning Constituency has gained power in preparation for the 2023 elections in the state. (NPP) have joined the HSPDO to support Bah Primson Makdoh as the HSPDP candidate from Umsning Constituency.
We face many challenges when it comes to land acquisition.
He said that if the youth are doing any job or are in politics, humility is essential.
“It is not that I left the Congress because it is no longer in power, I left now because of the wrong behavior and the policy they are pursuing is unacceptable. “It's just the thoughts of those people who do these things,” said Bah Lapang.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBO) has led the men's and women's boxing teams.
years ago a bus to the west carrying household goods collapsed at 3 mer Upper Shillong. and he died there.
Tripura Police said that during a raid conducted on Tuesday night, they arrested five Bangladeshis who came to illegally enter the country. border of India without any documents required.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) North Khasi Hills District on Saturday held an election to renew the leadership of the KSU North Khasi Hills District. The KSU leader in Ri Bhoi, without any opposition, as all the members of the KSU from all the Circles and Units, still fully trust him to be that leader in the district.
Furthermore, death information was obtained from the same hospital for which permission had been previously requested.
The hospital is currently run by an Ayurveda doctor and the Umkiang Village Authority has sent a letter to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Secretary Health, Director DHS (MI), the Deputy Commissioner of Jaintia Hills District and the DMHO of the District.
It is to be recalled that the Administrator Rule was enacted within the KHADC on 7th June 2020 and on the 8th June 2020 the Deputy Commissioner Matsiewdor War Nongbri came to take over the post of KHADC. The number of cases of Coronavirus in India has risen to 81, including 16 Italians.
Bah Lamphrang said that their support is without any conditions, but the only condition is that action should be taken regarding the eviction of the metor drivers from Iewmawlong as demanded by the people.
There are areas like Pynursla and Mawshun and in some areas where the land acquisition has not been completed due to the inability of the villages and land owners.
He said that may this Behdieñkhlam bring about the good of the society and may it drive away evil and achieve a healthy body and sustainable development.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) will resume the collection of garbage from Iawmusiang, Jowai from tomorrow after suspending for two days following the protest of the KSU Mupyut Unit, War Jaintia Circle and the KSU Mupyut Unit, War Jaintia Circle. The village nearby has been destroyed by the spread of garbage.
Within the state itself, there are now allegations that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is using the Bible excessively for political gain.
The Ephphatha Society, an organization for the welfare of people with disabilities, has helped to provide crutches and wheelchairs to 13 people and the society has also announced that it will start Vocational Training. Center in East Jaintia Hills District to support special needs people.
The Minister's remarks were also on the allegation by HANM that the state government has not taken action to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Meghalaya's next match will be against West Bengal on Thursday at 4 pm.
Many times he had heard them preach the destruction of the land of Thor, which was to the east of his small kingdom.
Meanwhile, other sources said up to 120 bodies had been recovered.
According to the order, Biswadeep will serve as Additional Judge for a period of two years from the date of his assumption of office.
According to sources, the incident happened on Tuesday evening, at about 4:00 pm, when a truck carrying u Number ML 06 2432, overturned and fell into the river.
The office of DSO, Nongpoh has also prepared trophies and cash prizes for the winners where the first prize winners will receive Rs 5,000, second prize Rs 4,000 and third prize Rs 3,0
Secretary FKJGP Shillong City in 2024 u reminded that the members of Shillong City in these years have faced many hardships through arrest, bomb and tied while trying to fight against many issues. He said that the foundation is still strong and has not been able to destroy the spirit of patriotism. He also urged the members to continue to work harder. to sacrifice body and soul for the sake of the nation.
Shillong, July 12 : “If the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government does not work, how can the people still elect Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State and the NPP party which he leads to form the Government? the second time".
With this joining of Bah Kongwang to the UDP, it is expected that he will contest against Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) were accompanied by members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), who held a march with slogans. you're a man.
Therefore, he will have to convene the AC meeting,” said Prof Kma, adding that the deadline for this expired yesterday.
Others who attended the event included Bah Streling Khymdeit, Secretary Shnong of Diwon Village, Kong M.Suphai, Kong K.Marsing and other prominent leaders and designers of the village. Umden area in Ri Bhoi.
On this occasion, 18 letters of credit worth T.1.08 crore were handed over through the banks operating in these areas to the beneficiaries.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Government of Meghalaya, said that the construction of this road has been funded under the SARDPNE scheme. The PWD department will call the tender.
S.K.Lato MPHF President 2020-21.
She took over as SDO Civil Amlarem in 2018 and this year she was responsible for running the Amlarem Block and Amlarem Sub Division offices as there is no officer in the SDO office.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84414 out of which 82635 have recovered and 1471 have died.
Under this scheme, Village Health Councils (VHCs) headed by Rangbah Shnongs in different villages will be responsible for monitoring and evaluating the performance of ASHAs in the delivery of health services.
Don't help me to go to this town.
The Principal Secretary to Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, said that in 2005, the number of children who received the vaccine was only 25% but this time the number of children who received the vaccine has increased to 25%. 90% and this increase in the number of vaccine recipients is also due to the presence of ASHAs to raise awareness and work hard, he said.
Therefore, it is necessary to talk and cooperate with the central and state governments,” he said.
The meeting between the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and the incumbent Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong has been very interesting in the past few months.
Speaking to reporters, Ronnie said, “In such a large gathering, how can you get an answer?” he asked.
Speaking to reporters, Disparsing said that through an RTI request from a company called Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited, it was found that there was no suspension of the distribution and supply of petrol. Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah (DyCM) in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has convened a meeting tomorrow to discuss the issue of BPL. project of the Department and also to discuss the relocation of 342 households from Them Metor, Mawlong Market.
The union also requests for any information or new information regarding the maintenance of this road, so that the union and the public can understand and understand.
Leaders of KSU Mawshynrut Circle led by Samla Armstrong Sohshang President and Samla Ulysis Ryntong General Secretary KSU Mawshynrut Circle, together with several members, recently visited the households receiving PMAY scheme in Mawkhumkha village, where they found that the complaint they received was true.
About 550 Vice Chancellors from across the country, foreign leaders and about 20 Directors of IISc and NITs will take part in the meeting. to improve the quality of education and to improve the education of the youth in accordance with the modern technology.
Moosiang Lamare New took the lead through Firstjoy Pariat (5′).
Nongpoh, July 27: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Jirang Block Committee, who recently contested as the MLA candidate for Jirang, has not won the election. he decided to leave the party.
Other reports said 14 more people were killed in Barguna, Bhola, Patuakhali and Pirojpur districts today when Cyclone Mahasen struck off the coast of Bangladesh.
Earlier, Bah Kyrmen said that the department has already distributed the money to the two families of Bah Banteiskhem Kharumnuid and Kong Rina Marboh.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : If there is no fairness in the allocation of tickets in Nongkrem Constituency, the UDP (O) or A, B C will always emerge as usual in other constituencies. In a statement sent by the UDP supporters including T Kharumnuid, Fernando Nongkhlaw, Terence Phira, R Tariang, A Mawthoh, B.S. Mawrie and others.
Shillong: The State TB Cell of the National Health Mission (NHM), Meghalaya, today held a meeting with the media to disseminate information to the residents of Meghalaya. The Government of India's goal to eradicate TB in the country by
“He said that the number of drug users has increased and this has caused great concern for everyone.
The final match was between Kharang SC and Iaityllilang SC, which have already qualified for the 3rd Division next year. Both the teams showed a strong desire to win the title, but at the end of the first half there was nothing to be done.
“I don't enter politics to do business, but not only politics but also policy change.
Both these issues have been passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly through a resolution.
Agriculture and fresh drinking water flow and flow in all four seasons from these forests.
Shooting, Basketball will start from 6th to 12th of this month at NCT Delhi, Boxing & Athletics will start from 6th to 9th, Judo, Football and Table Tennis will start from 10th to 13th at Bhopal. , Central Province.
The CI also urged the central government and other human rights organizations to take action on this issue so that Christians in Pakistan can live in peace.
Woh Chaimon Pyrbot is the owner of the Chrot Skit.
Recently, police have received an FIR from the management of the Juvenile Home after two children escaped.
Speaking to reporters, C.Sungoh Chairman of HBDRF said that after the meeting with the MCS, tomorrow the 16th will be a meeting between the two districts from the DCs together with the SPs. They will decide to invite the residents, village leaders of Khasi Pnar and Karbi to bring peace and stability in these areas.
Sangma also recalled that the MLA group had met with the Union Home Minister, Ami Shah in New Delhi on 20th June, 2020 and the group had received information that the Government The Center is reviewing the decision passed by the State Legislative Assembly and has promised to the group not to violate the rights of the citizens of the State.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) on Saturday held a meeting to strengthen the demand of the Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) for the establishment of a Government College in Ri Bhoi. On the same day, they also set up a committee known as the Eastern Ri Bhoi College Demand Committee.
At least five policemen were injured in the attack.
Besides not being able to fill the 40%) quota, they demand the Roster System to prevent the youth of Hynniew Trep from getting jobs and going to medical school. Engineering and other lines of study.
He said that the opening of the road will be only the beginning of the construction of roads and development works.
Earlier, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh expressed his concern over the plight of the teachers due to the lack of proper release of funds by the central government.
Nongstoiñ: In the middle of the night on the 28th of this month, unidentified robbers have robbed a government vehicle (ML 01 6162).
Paul Lyngdoh said Quallapaty is the first village to receive these CCTV cameras from the MDC scheme.
How can the people of our state understand that?
“Even after the departure of the party leaders, it doesn't work and so in the end I thank these riewrangbah because I really love this constituency because the time has come for us to rule from the area from our own village. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Prestone.
The electricity bill purchased from NEEPCO and Palatana alone has cost billions of rupees.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Lenin grad said that Muthade is a Karbi village, but there are many other farmland owned by Pnars and donated by the villagers. Pnar, who live in the nearby village of Moojem.
In a book recently published by Brian Merchant, he says that Steve's discovery was indeed what caused a person to become self-conscious, to create fear in life and then to also to the departure of the employees of the company.
Shillong: The residents of Patharkhamah, Jirang and other villages near the Mawroh Market in RiBhoi District have expressed their regret over the government's failure to open the gate at Iewmawroh. this is the COVID-19 pandemic.
B.Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, District Mental Health Programme, gave a clear explanation on menstruation and urged women to be hygienic during menstruation and to take good care of themselves so that except for many kinds of diseases.
Where will thousands of taxi drivers look for work? JSU President EC Dkhar said.
The Government should take urgent measures for the safety and health of the residents and should also be monitored by the Central Government so that there will be no impact on the health and safety of the residents. the lives of the citizens of india.
Kharpuri expressed her satisfaction that the Minister has also invited the Director of Border Area, Rosette Mary M Kurbah to do whatever is necessary to repair the bridge.
He also alleged that the PDF has been campaigning around in the name of Campaign For Change, but the campaign is only to mislead the people for the election. the generation too, how will you answer your future generations,” he said.
Last year, the Cabinet led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and former Governor Tathagata Roy were the chief guests at the opening ceremony of the memorials of the heroes. tipri (Freedom Fighters) and the state.
However, if we allow the temptations to dominate us, we will remain like this and slowly, without rising to higher levels.
During the hearing, the lawyer of the Chief Ministers, P Sharma, said that before the boundary was fixed, a mark was placed on the border before the MoU was signed.
The army has also sent a highly trained team, the Rashtriya Rifles Uniform Force, to Ladakh to provide more security to the troops in the area.
Shillong, Nailur 1: On the 28th of July, 2013, the women market vendors who sell clothes in Iewduh have turned to the Mylliem Hima to protest against the Hima's authority to build shops on the road. This is the spirit of the Indica Stand, Pynursla.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the two Deputy Commissioners of the two districts, East and West. Jaintia Hills District to demand that the District Administration should take action against the operation of the toll gates in Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills and 7 Mer West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the ABVP Shillong Unit has strongly condemned the Vice President of NEHUSU for making unfounded allegations against the Seng.
He said that the MLA used to meet with the Prime Minister every evening to get development works in the constituency.
The Indian National Congress (INC) candidate from Mawryngkneng constituency, Esron Marweiñ, has alleged that during the tenure of the incumbent Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, to eliminate the use of urea fertilizer without the consideration of the people especially the farmers.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah WHD Syngkon, while talking to media, said that on receiving information about the incident, he went to see what had happened. The Rangbah Shnong of the village called the 108 to provide assistance to the Dkhar but the ambulance was too late and the Dkhar died on the spot. place.
