The JSM Saphai Unit on Tuesday demanded that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should appoint a Medical and Health Officer (MO) at Iooksi PHC.
In our state Meghalaya, once you have gone to school in class IX/X, you are ashamed and happy to carry a sword or a knife or a knife.
Good Friday has become flesh and blood for all Christians around the world who believe in Jesus the Son of God who came to earth.
At the same time, he praised Stephanson Mukhim for his humility even though he is an MLA and even after his defeat in 2018, he is ready to help those in need. “The party is ready to give its full support to Mukhim on this occasion,” said Wailad.
“Umshru is not under the border dispute, but the Survey Department of Assam has come to clear the border despite the MOU.
However, NEROCA FC came back to life after Jamaican Fabian Reid scored in the 79th minute.
Samagam will provide a platform for experts from schools higher education institutions and skills training centers to discuss, consult and share ideas, processes, achievements and appropriate practices The implementation of the NEP
He said that the list also prohibits the construction of buildings.
At the same time, she expressed the need to focus on Non Communicable Diseases which are the causes of deaths such as High Blood Pressure, Diabetes, Cancer, Tuberculosis and urged all employees to to work hard and to provide good services for the improvement of health and economic development in this area.
Participants are limited to those between 15-65 years of age.
US President Joe Biden was speaking after Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro's speech at the summit in New York.
Regarding the lockdown, the DC has urged the people of the district to stay at home and not leave their homes, except for urgent work, in order to avoid the lockdown. disease and at the same time to prevent the spread to others.
Last year, the dorbar was threatened by the VPP MLAs' opposition to the Governor's speech in Hindi, in which they immediately fled the dorbar and ignored his speech.
According to him, he admitted that he will win this election because the wind from Jaintia Hills is blowing better for him because many people have voted for the Congress candidate Bah Vincent Pala.
Ed) of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) from 16th to 26th June this year.
On average, each government employee serves for more than 30 years before retiring.
The CBI team has examined the phone of one of the victims and found that it was used by the accused in the murder. .
So when we work, the work will go on and when we don’t work, we won’t get anything.
This statement can be related to many Khasi who have to learn English because of the desire to write in their own Khasi language.
“If they don't agree and support, I don't think they will come to encourage, if they come to encourage the protest, there are political parties and civil society organizations who have understood that the demand of the VPP is unreasonable. foundation", he added.
All the Governments in Meghalaya in the past 50 years have tried to resolve the border dispute with Assam which has been going on for more than 140 years and this problem should no longer be burdened on the future generations.
Shillong: The Assistant Executive Engineer of PWD Building, Bah D Tariang, has handed over the documents to the President of Laban Bengalee Boys Higher Secondary School, SK Changopadhya after the completion of the construction of the new school building. .
Regarding the violence of the secretary of the VEC in the village, one of the women said that he always used to use rude words, even when they were working for 1000 rude bills. day too.
New Zealand captain Tom Latham, who won the toss, decided to bat first against England at the start of the tournament.
It is not known how to implement this or that which we have chosen.
The Government in an attempt to change the farming methods in the state has said that from now on the Government will not encourage farmers to use fertilizers as it destroys and reduces the productivity of the soil.
YHAI has played a major role in helping the youth in the state and around the country who are members of YHAI who are in need across India to get affordable accommodation at the centre. other states.
The ASHAs said they took this decision because the government does not believe and does not respond to the demands they have sent to the DMHO and the Director of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).
NGOs can collect the application forms from the District Planning Office, Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat.
The Jowai Municipal Board under the leadership of its Chairman LD Lakiang has led the village leaders to the Waste Recover. Umpling Village Centre, Shillong.
The bapli will still have to spend not only his precious time but also his physical strength just for a bottle of food and drink.
“It is not that he has been neglected but it is his own request to the AICC that his health is no longer good,” said Dr. Bom.
The clarity of speech and intelligence of the child made her father not to mind. “Well, my child, even I have been waiting for this news you have told me.
The registration started on Friday 3rd and will end on 16th May.
Hunterson Kharpran, 67, of Umpling, Lumdiengmet, East Khasi Hills.
They will also be able to record and videograph two self-made songs at the expense of Don Bosco Media.
Other items seized include three mobile phones, a dagger, a vehicle used by the suspects, a Maruti Gypsy and a Maruti Car which is a commercial taxi.
In the final match of the day, Lumbahdakha Wahiajer beat Mookaswan Dongnein 6-0
As part of the journey to another milestone, MEEPO Management on 14th June 2024 inaugurated the Miss Grand India Meghalaya 2024 which was held at Courtyard by Marriott.
These are animals that have been raised for the use of their skin and flesh.
However, while the Act has not yet come into force, the decision or status quo order of the Meghalaya High Court on land dealers stands and protects the land dealers.
The march which ended at Iawmusiang with a public meeting was supported by many political parties including JYF, All Biate Students' Association, market dwellers, Union of Waheh Shnongs Ri Jaintia and supporters of the Congress and others.
“Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.” Amen.
Cloudy weather is expected in parts of Upper Shillong to Mylliem today and it is also reported that there is also cloudy weather on the highway to Pynursla and Sohra. Cloudy weather is expected to increase in some places, which will start from today and will continue for the next 42 hours.
On the government's cut-off of electricity bills, he suggested that the delay in paying the electricity bills is not because they don't pay but because MeECL has brought in the electricity bills. after months of causing trouble to the villagers.
Speaking to media, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that this visit of the VPP is a follow-up to the letter submitted to the Chief Minister on the 6th of this month. June 1, 2023.
This is according to a statement issued by Rgh.S.Sari, Publicity Secretary Sengkhihlang.
Babu Nonglait said that as soon as he met with Rajnath Singh on the 5th of this month, he said that he was aware of the matter and is now talking to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. part to be brought to the next session.
The farmers of phan or sohlah, and the farmers of kubi have expressed their desire to eliminate the kilo cut when the farmers sell their produce as decided by the authorities in charge of the market including in Ïewduh. It is the largest market in Shillong where farmers from all over the country bring their produce to sell to buyers.
In the past few days, due to lack of food and drink, these birds have not turned to the shops, but today they have turned to the shops to color the meat.
There are eight teams participating in the Super Division including Mynthong, Sohmynting, 7-Wasa, Ladthadlaboh, Khimusniang, Sabahmuswang and Nangbah Mulang.
The wisdom of God has been given until these days and it is the end, the time to put into practice this wisdom that has been found.
The meeting discussed the preparations for the elections in Sohiong constituency as well as the MDC and MP elections to be held next year.
In 2013, there were 183 cases of violence against women, in 2014 there were 213 cases and in
These resorts are located away from road networks, far from villages but are attractive to tourist crowds, especially nature lovers.
The union understands that if the government goes ahead with its decision to allow the entry of these foreign coal trucks in case of the spread of COVID:19 to the people, the government will have to take responsibility. This was stated by the President of the Seng, Bah Michal Chyrmang.
For decades our nation has been living in struggle with these foreigners, the struggle is not only in words or in writing, but also through bloodshed.
Shillong Lajong Football Club will prepare for their away match against Real Kashmir in the I-League on Saturday at the TRC Turf Ground in Srinagar.
“The caller spoke in Hindi and said, “I want to talk to the Minister and I want to threaten to kill him, and he hung up,” he said.
“We stand on the ground that the government should forgive 50% of the tax and increase the price of fuel by 25% of what they collect now,” he added.
Shillong: The BJP Leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the One Nation, One Election proposal of the Central Government will benefit the development of the States and the country.
Lack of respect and compliance with the rules has been throughout the district and especially in commercial vehicles and shops and markets.
In the first quarter final of the remaining five teams, Lion SC beat Iawmulong Nartiang by scoring three goals. continue the path to the semi.
Hek admitted that there are some problems in the implementation of the scheme as it is new but it will be resolved soon.
He said that the entry of foreigners into Meghalaya is in the form of residents and if these laws work properly, this will help curb the entry of foreigners.
“They cannot do this because they have not informed the SP and DC of West Jaintia Hills as well as the Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
The A+ Accreditation by NAAC is after a thorough Assessment and Accreditation (A&A) conducted by the college and after the approval of the Standing Committee appointed by the Executive Committee to review the reports.
He said the approval to implement the drug in the country comes at a time when the United States is still banning abortion in the country and the issue is still under discussion. judgment and judgment.
It is also a fact that the illegal trade in coal does not bring any benefit to the Government and the state as a whole but only to those involved in the illegal trade. to u.
The cash award scheme was also launched at a meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
He said one school belongs to the Presbyterian Church for 25 years and this has been a blessing.
“Even if we don't have the physical strength, if the soul wants to save the family and provide for the children who study without hesitation, we have to work hard,” he said. said Babu Birbor.
Members of the team selected from Saiden Secondary School for the Subroto Cup include Daphishisha Syngkli, Ellen Kynta, Imia Shylla, Kynjailin Sohtun, Juliana Syiemlieh, Alisha Lyngdoh, Inri-La. - I- Dor Kongthaw, Batiplang Khapiah, Danisha Lyngdoh, Shimtilang Thongni, Nibari Maring, Barikor Kurbah, Diamon Makhroh, Unity Maring, Ridahunlin Lyndem-Manager and Sumarlang Swer Coach.
JTTA President Ïatha Najiar said that from time to time they have urged the JHADC not to issue trading licenses to foreigners as it affects the trade and property of the indigenous people.
At the same time, the BJP leader urged the Chief Minister to take action on the issue of water shortage which has angered the people of Garo Hills.
Goyal urged schools to take action to educate children and students to avoid this menace.
Amidst all the amenities that Goa offers, no one can afford to buy or keep their property or land unless they have stayed for more than 15 years.
Shillong: Christian leaders in the state, have expressed their concern after hearing reports of an incident in Bihar where a pastor and a Tymmenbasan from Shillong have encountered incidents of violence. to also lead to disaster for them.
They (ADCs) should understand and should send (the accounts) as soon as possible because if they cannot send them on time, it may affect the release of funds to the District Councils in the coming years. come,” said Bah Rymbui in an interview with the media.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent in his speech praised and encouraged Mawlangwir for organizing this big tournament.
“He is a great man of the Khasi,” said Dr Jitendra Singh.
Bernita R. Marak, General Secretary, ACHIK Crime Council, said that if the capital is set up in Tura during the rainy season, there will be a Legislative Assembly, a state government and a court which will function for six months.
Other parties have not won a single constituency.
They said that according to the information received by the union, the stadium was planned to be improved in many ways, from the Rataining Wall, Vip Gallery and others, but all these Nothing has been done and when it is known the reason is due to the lack of funds of the government.
Nongstoiñ: The Rani Motors Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) has been scheduled for another quarter final. The first quarter match of the tournament between Ryntih SC and Nongkrem SC will start at 1:30 PM at Mawkynjoiñ Laitkseh Stadium. Ryntih is one of the strongest teams in the tournament this season.
Dr. John Santer Shangpliang, resident of Wahingdoh Block 3, passed away on October 13,
These include EJH: 2, EKH: 60, NGH: 1, RBD: 31, SWGH: 3, SWKH: 14, WGH: 4, WJH: 41 and WKH:
The Four Lane Road from Umshyrpi to Hynniewmer, Upper Shillong has been suspended for more than two years.
On the other hand, he said that out of the 3500 cows affected by the disease, some have recovered and so far the number of cows has recovered completely from the disease is about %
Nongrum said the party will also write to the KHADC not to issue NOC for the railway project.
At the same time, the Minister informed that these religious leaders will hold a meeting on the 19th of this month.
In Scotland, 24 people have died, bringing the total to 566 and the total number of infections to 5,9
He said that if the rainfall continues, the water supply system in Umiam will have to be opened and those who are at the foot of the Umiam Dam have been informed to be vigilant in these areas. He said that the aim is to manage the water smoothly, so that there will be no impact on the upper parts of the Umiam Lake.
The final was attended by MLA PT Sawkmie as the chief guest, Bah Wellbirth Rani, President of FKJGP Sengkmie as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, Working President of FKJGP. FKJGP General Secretary Sengkmie, KSU Mawlai Circle leaders and other CEC members of the FKJGP.
Therefore, he congratulated that the hard work of the churches, villages and various organizations to set up schools has improved the quality of education in the state as a whole. If you don't have these founders, education in the state will decline.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, wrote on Twitter on Saturday night, “Husiar, another case of Covid-19 has been confirmed in Cachar district. reached 26 people in total.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone the Toll Office if they find that the dealers do not sell at the price or kilo. free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
The BJP leader said that the Sohra Mandal has not yet received any information about Dr. Khongjee's joining the BJP and has not recognized Dr. Khongjee as a member of the party.
The money came after a meeting between Rakesh A Sangma, Chief Executive Member of GHADC, and Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, last month.
Samlin won the MLA election in 2018 from the HSPDP and served as a Minister in MDA-1 for two and a half years.
The MLA was accompanied by Bah HS Diengdoh, ADC West Khasi Hills District and others.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and the residents of Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills today held a march at the Border Security Force (BSF) camp to protest against the illegal immigrants. It is alleged that the BSF troops have been trying to harass the people in the area, even without any reason.
He recalled that when he fought for the NPP, many people accused him that the party is only a 'Garo' party, but it is not so, because now as a party it has been in existence for almost three years. The leader has already worked for the development of the people and also as senior leaders they have done their part.
BJP Meghalaya Leader Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkhrang said, “We are gathering here not only as a sign of protest against what is happening, but to convey to the Vice President of India that we do not agree with this incident.
After the red card and the draw, Marbisu didn't give up but fought hard even though there were only 10 players on the pitch and the match in these few minutes before the end of the game became more interesting because In the 83rd minute, Parvaj Bhujia of Shillong Lajong struck the ball hard but unfortunately it went wide. the nar of the goal and the ball has gone out of sharud.
He said that this group is really necessary for the rights of the voters because it is not a group to campaign or call for elections or even to criticize anyone and only one path has been taken as The group is committed to how the people are walking on the clean path of the upcoming elections.
The High Court in its hearing also questioned the authority of KHADC to appoint Council Agents to install gates and collect money from vehicles.
Reports said that Nuno's injury occurred while he was spending time with himself before he was supposed to take part in basketball.
“If the government does so, it means that even the government cannot spend even its own budget, because there is a mistake in conducting the interview,” said Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM, State Youth. Wing.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 8 cases including 6 cases from the Armed Forces and 2 cases from high risk contacts.
Shillong: The election for the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KDC) was scheduled to be held at 2 pm today, but the election could not be held till the time of writing. LG Nongsiej, Chairman of the District Council, has resigned at 11 am this morning.
There are 86 recoveries from the disease.
Many candidates go to different centers every day to ask and get information because they are afraid that they will be fined or fail to take the SSLC Exam. in the in the.
Those who attended the meeting included Balajied Rani MDC, NBCC President Plielad Tiewsoh and other Congress leaders in Ri Bhoi.
These activities are wide ranging and depend on the temporal context of natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, traffic jams, social unrest, shortage of essential commodities and also when there is a stranding of tourists The IAF is always the first to come to the aid and rescue people by bringing in air support.
A mass rally was held in Colombo today to accuse the Sri Lankan government of failing to manage the country's money for the benefit of the people of the country.
Pratap was shot once with a gun by the robbers, the SP said, adding that Pratap was injured after being shot by the bomb. do not have this thief.
After 945 days of implementation of the mask order since the outbreak of Covid-19, Hong Kong authorities have announced that no Masks are no longer required to be worn in public places and this has come into force on Tuesday.
There are 7 (seven) songs in all.
There is no PRC but the PPRC will be issued on 16th June, 2023 and will be valid for 3 months.
Last Saturday, the Chinese troops, conducted a physical exercise, in which they fired cannons, knives and guns at an unnamed dew lynnong.
The school, which will be run by PYTIN, will be an English Medium school with the aim of helping the children to be happy when they advance to higher classes.
Secondly, if a nation that produces many students who pass matriculation without taking mathematics and science subjects, it puts itself at a disadvantage because the time will come when there will be no people to study various sciences. At that time we didn't have enough people to study doctors or to fill science teachers and other jobs.
Police have admitted that the robbers have killed the girl for the purpose of robbing her as the gold chain she was wearing on her neck has disappeared.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The Lyiur Dorbar of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which started on 23rd July and ended on 1st November, has lasted for seven days.
He was speaking at the election campaign rally of the UDP candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh at Weilyngkut on Tuesday.
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills today arrested three vehicles and the occupants of these vehicles for violating the curfew. spread of corona virus.
He said that during the visit of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to Delhi in these days, the issue has been discussed with the Central Government and he expects to receive the request for funds from the NEC. The JNURM scheme is funded by the Central Government with the agreement that the Central Government will cover 90% of the cost and the State Government. New Delhi: The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 50 lakh with 90,123 new cases reported in the past 24 hours. The death toll has risen to 1,290, the highest number of deaths since the outbreak in India.
In another incident, KSU members burnt down the tyngshop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in Nongstoin and Nongpoh. Saiñdur Tipkur-Tipkha stands Ehrngiew Hynniewtrep (STIEH) through a statement of thanks to God for delivering the small nation from the CAB. The NDA government's plan to incorporate the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 into the Constitution of India.
Now that the Act of the Government of India has come into force or will be fully implemented, the State Government should make adequate and fair rules for all otherwise it will cause problems again.
We have seen that in the last three years, many public issues have been hanging in the balance.
He said that the border area at Khatkhasla is not a border area, as it is still about 3 kilometers away from the beginning of KAAC in 1951 and the border is on the banks of the Myntang River.
It means that God wants all people or those believers who call themselves Christians to know that the true Church is going through the fire to burn them with faith and obedience to the Word of God. in the Holy Spirit and not in the wisdom of men.
"“We see here and there trucks, which are stuck, trucks overturning along with the coal, these things happen from time to time," he said.
Waheh Shnong L Pohktai, Secretary Shnong RT Khonglah and members of the Executive Body of Mynthong Shnong were present at the distribution.
The lawyer of these people, Bah Erwin K Sutnga, said that notices have been sent to those who forcibly destroyed the houses of the people including the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
However, the club have been keen to bring in a full-time coach and have now appointed Postecoglou.
The PWD (Rds) has closed the bridge connecting Laskein Barato since 3rd July and according to the announcement, the date for repair has been set until 30th July. in the midst of the slap.
Shillong: UDP candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin has alleged that Congress MP from Shillong Parliamentary constituency Vincent H Pala is opposed to the election. Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
According to Emiki Kurbah, the driver of Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, Emiki said that Agnes told him that other organizations take money from the coal owners.
Of course, there were times when those friends of mine failed, but I remained steadfast despite being ridiculed many times by people.
Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands have already submitted proposals as a joint venture to host the tournament.
Some of the Congress leaders from Pynursla constituency have heard about this political situation and now they are shocked to learn that some of them have left the party but they have not left the party. He also has Prestone Tynsong as his personal supporter.
The AAP has contested from the same constituency.
When asked whether this is the case only in this district or in other districts of the state, Bah Kharkrang said that Shillong is the capital of the state. What happened here will surely happen in other districts where the people will soon respond to the calls of the Sengbhalang.
Besides the demand that the government should change the unfounded increase in tuition fees by private schools, other demands are that the government should change the syllabus in schools from class I to class. VI, the sale and pricing of school uniforms, books and other school supplies by schools, the high price of school fees, the timely release of the results of students who should be able to study in different schools.
“I'm looking for an employee, he or she, to sit next to me and be always anywhere, whether at home or at the shop and look at my screen and if I spend time, you should mai to me, if you can kill me," wrote Sethi on Craigslist.
Nongpoh: Residents of a house in Umtrew Village in Ri Bhoi District, have escaped from the fall of stones, piat and other objects. They were able to pray for the Pastor at Lawbyrwa, after the Father came to pray at home and also after they left the place where they used to live.
The woman, who is in fear of being threatened by the Rangbah Shnong, has lodged a complaint with the police that they should punish him according to the law.
Secondly, this policy needs to be implemented in stages because each policy has its own stages of implementation in which one must follow the other in order for the implementation to be successful.
The following are some of the ways that can be beneficial and relieve stress: Doing your own job: Doing your own job every day and exercising yourself every day can be protective. I don't know if I'm going to be able to do anything about it.
Congratulating Kong Nongrang on her election to the top post of Police, Bah Kharkrang said, “The BJP Meghalaya prays that God will give her the strength and power. The party also sees in this longkmie officer that skill and experience in the work of the State Police Department throughout her term as DGP. Head of Police, the arrest of this case has also caused a stir in the State as a whole.
Meanwhile, Kong Thabah replied that the Nurses Service Rules have not been approved by the Cabinet or the House.
Ltd on the 8th, 9th and 10th of this month after finding during the audit that the amount of T.22,06,800 had been missing.
Attendants/staff of Petrol Pumps.2.
Promi Tariang scored the first goal for Ladrymbai Dongwah. In another match, Pamrakmai beat Iongkaluh Wahsder 1-0
The recognition of the Khasi language under the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution is also a priority issue.
The suspect was identified as Ialam Makri of Umsning Nongthymmai, Ri-Bhoi District. According to the women, the suspect promised to supply gas to the victim. 93 women of the village have received up to 2500/-, 4000/- or 6 thousand per woman.
The needs of a rural village and the needs of urban areas are very different.
On his nomination for the BJP MP election from Shillong, Hek said that he has no intention, he has no ticket from the party.
Saimin Ryngksai, resident of Darrang, Amlarem Sub Division, passed away on 25/10/2
The National Food Security Act 2013 is an Act passed by the Government of India with the aim of providing food at affordable prices to the citizens of India.
Because it lives between the two leaves and is thus inside the leaf, it cannot be killed by chemicals that spray the leaf.
He urged the Chief Ministers of the region to focus on maintaining peace and order and providing security to the people especially in the border areas.
Shillong: The Congress on Tuesday denied the urgent need for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, but demanded that the state government should expedite the implementation of the Entry and Exit Point (EEP). to control the entry and exit of people.
Doctors and nurses should not be underestimated.
So the rain began to fall.
When the Father came, “Father, I have now received a question...” said the Mother suddenly.
He also sent copies of the fine order to all the state government officials, District Heads including Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police for action.
We should always ask the Lord with humility and love for Him and for wisdom.
As a singer, Weeknd has won four Grammy Awards, 20 Billboard Music Awards, six American Music Awards and more.
The Hills Farmers Union (HU) has expressed its gratitude to these two youngsters who have received the award and who have brought the name and glory to the nation and the state. Jecinta Lyngdoh, one of the members of the farmers' union, said that the farmers' union has encouraged these youngsters to continue to work hard in their lives so that they can become the youth of the nation. who have the value to serve for the welfare and development of the people, she added.
Raju said Hasan was suspended for the second time on June 16, 2016 but was later released and allowed to work as before and allocated money for 28 days. at a cost of T.15,71,024 tyngka for 332 job card holders.
Let's shon in the shap of the future.
that's a different kind of aiu.
“After the protests from the people and religious leaders, we have decided to suspend this work and the licenses issued will expire soon and we will not extend because the government does not want to move forward,” he said. told.
Because these laws have banned women from participating in the elections not only to be elected Rangbah Shnong but also to contest for the post.
He said that the party has dissolved the MBCC without consulting the party office bearers in Mawsynram.
Because they have taken the money, they have the right to refuse to vote for the one who gave the money.
Jowai: The KNGCSU, led by Vice President Dawyoo Lyngdoh, Sokini Dkhar, Assistant General Secretary Heisuk Chulet, former President Pyniar Dhar and Shwari Ryngkhlem, has strongly opposed the increase in the examination fees in Kiang. Additional Govt.
“But what’s happening now on this collection? If the deletion of the Clause “details of the Backlog Reserved Vacancies” should be available, therefore, in accordance with para 2 of the Resolution issued on 12th July, 1972, it should be mentioned in the Remarks. Column of the Reservation Roster A vacancy shall be filled by another person belonging to another ethnic group as there is no qualified applicant in that year, and such a vacancy shall be filled by another person belonging to another ethnic group. The vacancy should be done by yourself for the Reservation Roster Register,” said Bah Adelbert.
According to the ECI, Mawthadraishan Constituency had the highest turnout with 90.4%, followed by Mairang with 90.1%.
He said that the signboard was installed by the KAAC on the 15th of this month.
On the other hand, Bah Pynïaid said that without any doubt he believes that his EC can do well for the development of the country and the nation.
We often find that teachers who are just book-worms cannot educate children because they don't understand themselves.
Salary increases will be based on negotiations with individual employees, with the company rewarding employees based on their commitment to the job.
The competition will start with a performance of traditional costumes followed by a dance performance by Ribha War Lyngkhoi and the grand finale will be performed by Chris Kurbah and Naphisa Pala.
Later, the driver of the vehicle was also arrested for failing to prove the location of the sugar.
Conrad said although the BJP is part of the coalition government of the MDA government, the will of any party cannot be stopped.
They perform three main functions – raising awareness about the disease, assisting in monitoring the situation and assisting in the management of community quarantine centres.
Amlarem, Naitung 31: The office of the Addl.Deputy Commissioner (Supply), I/C Amlarem Sub-Division, today announced the launch of online services for the application of new ration cards of all households. beneficiaries within the region.
He said that works have started for the construction of the hospital at a cost of Rs 4.99 crore which has been allocated by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the state government.
Also present on the occasion were Bah F.Langstieh Secretary Shnong, former Rangbah Shnong, Bah A.Lyngdoh Secretary MCPF Youth Wing, members of the MCPF Youth Wing and others. others.
After a few years, the rakot plague broke out.
The time has come for the farmers to speak with one voice and know their rights.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, President after the meeting with the Prime Minister, said that the Chairman of the MPSC has not been appointed for several months and their visit is to urge the CM to expedite the appointment. appoint a new Chairman, so that there will be no delay in the work.
“May God the Creator bless our country and nation so that we can grow from one generation to another.
“We strongly demand from the government authorities especially the Minister of Electricity to pay compensation immediately to the family and the Seng will follow up on this matter until the families of these children get They have their rights,” said the Seng leaders in these areas.
In connection with this incident, the family members of the child have lodged a complaint with the police regarding the disappearance of the child.
Therefore, the union demands that another person should be appointed so that the work can go smoothly.
Bishop Ferrando took his Secretary, Fr Mario Bianchi, on a three-month vacation to Italy,” said Fr Roland.
In the Under-14 Boys, KB Memorial Secondary School, Wapung beat Chiehruphi Secondary School 3-1 by a tie breaker.
Bhutan, Maldives and Pakistan are in Group B. The top two teams will qualify for the semi-finals.
The Minister denied the claim of other ministers in the opposition that there are 30 ministers and they are in the middle of paid. there are about 30 great supporting characters out of 45 people.
“If Them Iewmawlong is the rightful land of the Harijans, the government should give them back one land, but this land belongs to the Hima and the government should relocate only them. “It should expel its government employees to government quarters and those who stay illegally should be expelled,” said Bah Nongrum.
The bus belonged to one of the owners and operators of the Contract Carriage Operators Association (CCOA) Kerala. and the entire international community in Kerala.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah has urged the people to vote for Modi for the third time and said that this election is more specifically and importantly because the BJP will come back to power, the country will come in the third position of wealth among the countries of the world.
One of my friends was in class-VIII when I was in class-IV. I met him in class-IX.
The Government has also appointed a Magistrate's Inquiry into the collapse of the well.
The registration will be held at Ladthadlaboh Indoor Hall on Monday (29/11/2021) and will start at 11 AM. register yourself to get assistance from the government in case of any accident.
The newly constructed bridge has brought joy to the people of Mawkyrwat where they have been able to walk and stand freely and protect. ownership of a bridge that the government has built for the needs of the people.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 60, NGH: 1, RBD: 2, SWKH: 20, WJH: 13 and WKH:
Mawkyrwat, June 04: The Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held on the 10th June, 2022 at 3 pm at the Shad Suk Mynsiem. Hills District.
“I am very pleased and congratulate our Prime Minister who has a vision and vision as a leader, the staff of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs and all the residents of Tura who have shown their support. a spirit of welcome to all participants.
In 2007, the Universal Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) was issued and India ratified it.
Police have arrested a man named Sharif Alam in connection with the incident.
Shillong: Fridays For Future (FFF), Meghalaya, is a protest group that protests and raises awareness on climate change and environmental rights. , from 12th to 17th April, held a press conference at the PWD office in Barik, to express its dissatisfaction with the government's plan to build a shopping mall in Barik.
Melawantei Kharmuti scored the first goal for Iatyllilang in the 35th and 35th minutes while Heraldo Kyrsian scored the first goal for Mawlynrei in the 27th minute.
The NESO therefore demands that the Home Minister should appoint special police in major cities to address the violence against students from the North East and to set up lessons in schools. , on the North East and that there should be a recruitment of about 5,000 personnel for the Delhi Police, to be selected from the North East.
The Chief Guest also spoke on the unemployment issue and urged the people not to turn too much to government jobs but to find ways and means to set up their own jobs through various schemes. , he also encouraged them to take up farming, agriculture, tourism, sports and other activities that will increase their income.
On the same day, the ADC of East Jaintia Hills, Bah SS Syiemlieh, who is in charge of the Election Department, released the Electoral Roll for the 5th Sutnga and 6th Khliehriat Assembly Constituencies.
He said that the influx of foreigners can come even if there is no railway line but the villagers should understand that people come to Meghalaya as tourists and not as invaders. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
There are also parents who send their children to spell tuta without getting a basic foundation.
“I send my condolences to their family and wish them all the best in the years to come,” she said.
Let us just say here that there are many kinds of lyngkor that agricultural engineers have produced around the world and in India as well.
Shillong, November 28: The Vice President of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, has strongly criticized the performance of the MDA government by questioning the inability to appoint more than 5,000 vacancies. in these four years.
His friends tried to call him but could not get him and when they went to look for him, they found his body at the railway station near his house.
We will improve this beautiful place,” said Ampreen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs.
CSWO leader Jenny Sangma, who accompanied Prijinni, told reporters that David was not a witch doctor, killed by people or a member of the insurgents.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the foundation stone for the cleaning of the Umsning-Jagi Road will be a great blessing to the people of the area. It is the main road in the area to connect to Assam.
The suspects have been taken to court, he said.
After 50 years of rule of India, it is at this time that the Congress is still surprised at the need for education to pass the Right to Education (RTE) and the Food Security Act.
The arrested include the Chairman, the Commander in Chief, the General Secretary and the Area Commanders of West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, the recruiters, the information officer of the group and others. three other members of this group.
There were many nations that ate the son of man.
He said that during the rule of Mukul Sangma, he had caused trouble to the state, but now he believes that the UDP party with the support of the people will elect a UDP leader to lead and rule the state. state, he added.
In 1962, the defender and state player of Assam joined the Greenage Club which was a famous club at that time.
Laitkor Sports Club on Tuesday beat Mylliem Sports Club 2-0 in the final of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
The Minister also directed the Ministry of Education to set up another group to strengthen the rules and regulations in the hostels of the schools.
He said that the family members of the deceased are still conducting a search operation but no one has been found.
“They have forged the land title of the village in the name of Bah Madonbai and have withdrawn the money from the burial fee of the village which amounted to T.1,15,05947.60”. Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the three men alleged that they had registered the land of Lumpohsiej village in Khliehtyrshi. land of the village.
He said that it is for this reason that Bah Ardent has never spoken on this issue before.
Those who are in the BPL category do not need to pay any fee, but must produce their Yellow (AYY) or Pink (PHH) NFSA Ration Card.
The Seng also strongly condemns the leaders of the state who have not been able to protect the democracy in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, but who have turned the country into a country of rich people and ruled by people who are rich.
“In the morning, they have already crossed the border between Israel and Palestine.
He said the BSF troops are also trying to talk to the members of the HNLC who are in Bangladesh to return to the society like others.
According to the rules of procedure, the CHC should have four medical specialists including a surgeon, physician, gynecologist and pediatrician and 21 paramedical and other staff members.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya, on 11th July 2023, has decided to appeal against a case of drug trafficking, filed at Mawlai Police Station, Case No. 44 dated 2021, which was appealed from 18
On the lack of certainty in the jobs of the 108 employees, MEMRIWU leader Bah Roipar Kharrasswai said that it is regrettable that for decades they have served the government and The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that if the company is withdrawn, all the employees of 108 EMRI will lose their jobs.
The group of friends sat down with the family members of the child, talked stories, played games and prayed for the child and left the village on the same day. As the author wants to share here, although Rupari has a physical disability where he can no longer see his relatives, friends or the things around him, but he Heprit Rupari has another special gift that the Creator has given him.
The ASHAs working in different villages of Amlarem C&RD Block have elected new office bearers for the term 2021-2
The banks said at the meeting that there has been a heavy shortage of currency exchange offices but they have assured that in the coming days there will be no more disruption to the public. also that they will increase the number of ATMs in operation.
They can sell the resources and wealth of the country for their own benefit.
Jowai, Nailur 14: Five students of Marian Hills Secondary School, Jowai were injured when a pyrthat collided with them before school, Jowai said. .
The KSU leaders and members of the KSU welcomed the Longkmie at Umsning Bye Pass Road, as they were delighted to see that the Longkmie is from the Khasi community and has been welcomed by the Longkmie. This is a great award, which has brought fame to the state and the nation as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that his request to the party is to end the protest. He said that the Government is considering the increase in the price of petrol and diesel in the state.
In addition, 77 percent of primary teachers have no training, 85 percent of upper primary schools and 68 percent of schools do not have science and maths teachers.
“The truth is that the Meghalaya government has mismanaged the money and for that reason, it has not been able to provide the UC,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Rotary Club of Orchid City Shillong on Tuesday planted 200 trees at St Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Umden Ribhoi District under the Hariyali-Tree for Future project. It was invested in by Mahindra Finance.
Speech was delivered by Bah Bah Donkupar Sumer, who expressed his satisfaction to see that the school has organized this Sport Meet, which is also one of the ways to promote sports. you don't play school sports.
In 2020, the Government of India has announced the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PM-GKAY) for all beneficiaries under the National Food Security Act, 2013 (NFSA) as part of the PM's assistance programme. GaribKalyan for the month of June-November,
Shillong, Nailar 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle on Friday led by its Vice President Jimmy Nongdhar, on Friday met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr. .) Nalin Mehta, to express the concerns of the people regarding the shortage of doctors and staff at this hospital.
The construction of the 102.255 kilometer road started on 18th November, 2015 and was completed on 16th July, 2018 at a cost of T.683 crore.
Jason won the gold medal in the Amateur division and became the youngest golfer in the state.
And no more places and villages shall be recognized in the name of the foreigners, but shall be recognized in the name of the country from the north, to the east, west and south. to the east of the Hynniewtrep Hills.
According to the Congress leader, those who have come to campaign for Dikanchi in Lum Garo so far are Bah Lapang, Ampareen, Roshan and Deborah Marak.
He also highlighted the achievements of the state government through various schemes.
The NPP has not contested from Shella in the mid-term elections and has decided to support the UDP candidate in honor of Dr Donkupar Roy who passed away suddenly.
Has it never been before? Have we never held a music festival on Sunday in Shillong in the past years?” asked Bah Paul.
If the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers were clean, there would be many opportunities to earn money by building tourist attractions like in other parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Poonam is also the president of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJM) from Anurag Singh Thakur, whose term has expired.
Regarding Bah Lapang, when he won the MLA election in 1993, he was elected MP, he was appointed Chairman of the State Planning Board. appropriate position, and there is no discrimination or discrimination".
Krai is also one of the oldest crops that we need to know especially that it helps to fight anemia, diabetes and for those who are overweight.
“Every time there is an election, the price of synsar and other agricultural products drops,” said the market employees.
Shillong, June 11: U BJP candidate Ma Shibun Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that he does not know whether he will win or not in this election but he feels that he is not weak or strong.
At the same time, we need to be careful not to misuse our power and ability to attack our fellow human beings and the environment.
Speaking to reporters, the principal of the university said that initially the goal was to set up a 200 bed hospital, with specially trained doctors and testing equipment. which is according to this new age.
In Shillong, those who want to rob by cars and two wheelers usually come out in the evening when the village is quiet.
The President of the union said that these rebel groups demand about 4000 to 4500 tyngka for a truck during the protests.
On the occasion, the Minister also spoke about the ongoing projects including the construction of the Williamnagar College and the construction of the Mini Stadium in Williamnagar.
He said the EJDCA invites all cricket players to participate in the competition to select the children to represent the district in the tournament to be organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association in Shillong.
Before leaving the Congress party, Scindia met Prime Minister Narendra Modi this morning under the leadership of Home Minister Amit Shah.
These meters are of two types, where you can pay in advance, or you can pay back after you have used the electricity.
Shillong, March 09 : The Fashion Society Shillong will hold the Miss Shillong 2023 and Miss Supermon Beauty Pageant on the 14th of March at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong as part of its 40th Anniversary Celebration.
Meanwhile, Bah TW Chyne said that as an MDC of the area, he wants the Sohra market which is very large and also a famous tourist destination, to be free from plastic.
Even in times of financial difficulties, they should not become stumbling blocks if there is a will and trust in God will always be a victory in life.
The country's basketball team will prepare for the FIBA ​​U-16 Asian Championship 2023 to be held in Doha, Qatar from 17 to 24 this month.
Shillong, Naitung 15: Complaints have been received from time to time to the Shillong Police Station that young girls in the state have been cheated of tens of lakhs of rupees by their friends who love them on Facebook. book , in which these FB friends of theirs, promise to deliver expensive gifts to them, but they have to deposit money to get these items.
On Tuesday, 24 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
The Dorbar Shnong may remove their requirements and write to the law enforcement authorities.
The AAP has been formed in the state by an interim committee since 14th July
In fact, the CAG said that MePDCL should have set the expenditure on the implementation of SAUBHAGYA at T.365.12 crore instead of T.521.26 crore. 521.26 crore) was paid to the company.
The new office bearers of the JYF Central Body are as follows: President OL Tariang, Vice President Jordan Rymbai, General Secretary CL Suchiang, Joint Secretary Oswald B Nampui, Finance Secretary Pynshlurbha Dkhar, Asst. Finance Secretary J.Pala, Organizing Secretary Rapmiki Pohti, Asst.Organizing Secretary Arjun Lakhi, Education Secretary Lasoki Rymbai, Publicity and Information Secretary Shwamiki Dkhar, Sport and Cultural Secretary Shemphang Shylla, Asst.Education Secretary Shylla .
Sikkim, who won the toss, chose to bat first with Meghalaya scoring 78/6 with Anish Charak (64) and Adarsha Joshi (20).
— Ensure 100% vaccination of cattle, goats and pigs (total 53 crore animals) for Foot and Mouth Disease (FMD) and brucellosis.
Mbappe's announcement has also brought a lot of trouble to the club after the loss of star Lionel Messi, who has moved to Inter Miami. of Major League Soccer(MLS).
The tournament was conducted by members of the Futsal Dream Team.
Heavy rains in many parts of Tamil Nadu have prompted the authorities to close schools in Cuddalore, Mayiladuthurai and Villupuram districts of the state.
According to a report from the Inspectorate of Electricity, the Inspectorate of Electricity has issued an order to conduct the incident on 24th October 2021, under Section 161 of the Indian Electricity Act,
The people are now more intelligent, more intelligent and more intelligent than the MLAs/MDCs because what is happening everywhere and around the world, has been seen and known from side to side.
Shillong, Naitung 10: This morning, the market vendors have cleaned up the parking lot at Khlieh Iewduh as part of the cleanliness drive.
Shillong: Speaking on the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam, the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, on Tuesday said that he does not accept the government's decision to grant Assam. He said that he would discuss the issue with the BJP leaders in Delhi on how this could happen.
Speaking as the chief guest, u Wailad said that the organization of such exhibitions will help the farmers of the area to showcase their talents.
Despite the difficulties in ensuring security in the area, the Lumshnong Police Station and the Umkiang PP have been able to give their time to distribute food and water to the stranded refugees. on the road in a heavy traffic jam in Narpuh area.
We have 12 MLAs from the UDP and 2 from the HSPDP, our unity is strong, we have no doubt that we will win this election,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. In 2013, the UDP won 8 seats in the opposition but in 2018 it will drop to 6 seats, and in 2023, it will win 8 seats. in the ruling party, the party has grown to 12 members.
, Enriyana G.Momin Long Jump, Kasanchi Donesa J.Marak 100 mts.
These projects will promote the development of the constituency.
The UDP, which has eight MLAs, has announced that it will support the NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind, while the HSPDP, which has four MLAs, will not take part in the election. Other parties in the opposition will support Kovind.
The photographs show that the suspect shot dead the people, who committed suicide on the ground floor of the shop.
Therefore, the drivers and the residents have requested the company to think about the traffic of the vehicles by filling them with stones so that there will be no traffic jam. and also that the people who go to need in any area will not lose anything.
This article does not intend to criticize anyone's actions but only to discuss the above issue in relation to the interaction between nature and man.
At present, the NPP has 11 MDCs out of 30 members in the KHADC. However, two more are preparing to join the NPP. MDC of Mairang is Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang.
The real supporters are still with the party," he said.
Niaw Wasa scored the second goal through Civility Khongmalai in the 58th minute and Pynshai Lathong in the 60th minute.
Through this meeting, which was attended by the village leaders of Nongpoh area and the police chiefs of Ri-Bhoi, they discussed many issues related to the community and how to improve the villages. and also to bring about peace.
It would be sad if at the MLA level we cannot understand even the Constitution of the party,” said Bah S Mylliemumlong, Secretary, KHNAM Mawlai Constituency Committee.
She is also proud to say that until now there are many children who have come to study at this school and the number of children or people who cannot read and write in Mihmyntdu has increased. that the literacy rate of the villagers has increased compared to the past.
Ryngkat Dhar scored the first goal for Tpep-pale in the 66th minute.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta, has left his office to apologize to the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). to close down NEIGRIHMS, after the Director spoke against the leaders of the union at a meeting he called to hold today.
But don't tell anyone.
At the same time, the Chief Minister also requested other MLAs to look into what will happen in the future what will happen from this COVID-19 pandemic and how the committees in different villages to See if you can stay at home even if you have tested positive.
We have the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to look after these issues but this department is also responsible for these issues.
In this meeting, the youths who participated from all over the Balang Shnongs within the Nongpoh Parish, had the opportunity to discuss and discuss on many issues. how to continue to strengthen the youth not only for the future of the Church and in society.
However, he said that pig farmers have to insure their pigs and will receive T.4000 in case of death of one pig.
Raising a supplementary question in the House, Dr Celestine said that the reason why they asked about this incident is because when they went to Meghalaya House, they were informed that this room or that room was not clean. , reserved for retired Judges.
Nongpoh: After the spraying of disinfectants in many parts of Nongpoh, the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, today continued to spray disinfectants in many parts of Nongpoh constituency. The distribution of medicines was conducted in many villages in the Umden area including shops, public places, MCAB and also in the villages.
The union would like to thank all the cleaners and members who took part in this cleanliness drive today.
“She left the House suddenly and Shim promised to cut off my lyngkhot lyngkhai,” said the Minister Incharge of Iewduh. .
Makalu and also the beauty of Nandadevi Peak can be seen from a distance.
Samla Banlumlang Rani said that the students now have four days to register for the entrance test which will end on the 18th.
Many voters in this state are still lagging behind because of poverty and some of them are well educated but they are not intelligent in the thinking of the world. five years at the time of elections because they are temporarily happy.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83627 out of which 81746 have recovered and 1450 have died.
Another award was given to D.Subedi , a Nepali man , who has worked hard to translate Khasi books into Khasi He translated the book Jadoh into Hindi and one of the most famous books translated into Hindi by this Nepali is 'Jingsneng Tymmen' by Radhon Singh Berry. , which is also a book that has entered many schools.
In Israel, 100% of the population has been vaccinated.
Earlier, the 13 ILP protesters had expressed their dissatisfaction that the government has not done anything on their demand for a year.
Including the Khasi Maram and Khasi Lyngngam, if we turn a little bit about the history of the Hynniewtrep people since the time when the Hima rule was still strong and united to create this Ri Hynniewtrep.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also explained that the former DGP as Security Adviser is on the grounds that he will have to take the responsibility to monitor the proposals and be the source of cooperation between the State Government and the Ministry of Security. Home Affairs (MHA).
This experience was like watching from a distance with fear.
Tomorrow the match will be between Mynthong and Sabahmuswang at 3 pm.
Civil societies/private sector have been a blessing to the rich at this time.
Shillong Lajong will play against Churchill Brother at home on June 5, 19 at the JN Stadium.
Also present at the meeting were KSU JHDU members C.Suja GS and Shaniahskhem Dkhar Asst.Finn.
Friends, before I briefly tell you about the life of Khon rympha of the ancient Lyngngam, I would like to correct the mistake of my friend (Rev.H.K.Nongbsap) which you have heard on his YouTube channel.
On the other hand, Kong Mebaailang Kharkongor, President, gave a speech on the YWCA, its objectives and activities.
On his joining the UDP party, Eugene said the reason for this is because of his satisfaction with the party which has hope and has a bomb tied to the blood vessels of the nation how to achieve the aspirations of the people.
The purpose of the group is to reward and recognize ordinary people who serve the community faithfully.
Bah Teiborlin Sangriang, has a dark complexion, round shape, long hair, about 4 feet 8 inches tall.
After eating, it was late and Bah Deng went home.
In another incident, three workers were killed and 12 others injured when a bus overturned on the Jhansi-Mirzapur highway.
On the other hand, Dr.Mawthoh, although he expressed his satisfaction with the increase in the number of comments on social media, urged that those who want to comment or comment should be good and not who are snow.
JOWAI: U Marius Paswet, a youth, has committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
Aren’t we wonderful? (Unique).
In the end, too much dress not only causes soh pyut, but also causes the poverty of the identity of the nation.
“When we see that there is a law that they should get a license from the council, but in the non-implementation of that law, it becomes biased and burdens only those who don't have shops. They have to renew their licenses every month and they have to bring the fee to the shopkeepers. They have to bring the NOCs from the villages. The group of land owners is working without following any rules and regulations of the KHADC and this has led to the spread of foreign land owners who have reached the point where the public roads are blocked. and the people who are not judged by the law shall not be judged in the judgment seat.
It is also true that on that day, even the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, together with other government departments including the Police, Fisheries, Forest and FKJGP leaders, They immediately went down to inspect the river as soon as they learned that it had turned bih.
The Taj Hotel in Rishikesh, Mumbai; The hotel has been closed for three days after 76 people, including employees, tested positive for covid
East : Queen Talang & Het Surong's Land.
With this victory, Mawlai SC is still in the top position with 22 points from five games while Malki SC is still in the sixth position at the bottom of the table.
Why are you so sad? Have you broken your heart, Or have you broken your purity? Since when have you been clean? Have you become old now? devil?Phin ryngkang noh î'u Holy God?O woman of peace,Who is joy and hope;Yes, the burden is still there!Yes, the righteousness is still there!Yes, the sin is still spreading! Think carefully to yourselves, you women and girls of the Khasi people, know whether you know these things inside and outside you.
West Khasi Hills has areas bordering Assam like Langpih and other areas, where the Assam and Meghalaya governments will resolve in the second phase after 6 out of 12 areas have been resolved. that bag is not judged.
He said that the KHADC should force the High Level Committee (HLC) to include members from Mylliem Hima and said that the HLC has not included him even though he is the owner of the constituency but other MLAs. that they were appointed members.
Speaking after the launch of the scheme, the Minister in charge of IT and Industries, Rama Rao said that the scheme will be implemented in 27,147 government schools. are across the state.
On the other hand, the president of the Association asked who the owners of petrol pumps should clean the water in the umphniang, because they themselves use these petrol.
Bah Bipul Thangkhiew said that the spread of drugs among the youth who have become addicted to drugs in these days is terrible to see because the drugs have started to enter the rural villages and homes of the drug addicts. It will be a threat to the society if the village authorities, women's organizations and youth do not have the responsibility to cooperate and eradicate this type of alcohol.
Therefore, prayer should come from the heart of man, not just by following or spelling the same things, but under the guidance of the Spirit of God.
However, the resignation of Bah Titos and the election of NPP MDC from Sohryngkham, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, as the new CEM, shows that even the opposition can cooperate. and the ruling party.
For all of us.
“So regarding the number of these families I cannot say anything right now.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kr Dev said the cases were from the 86th Battalion of the Border Security Force (BSF).
God does not force man, He gives him free will to choose God or the devil.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 10 new cases of COVID-19 in the country today but no cases have been reported.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has supported the relocation of the residents of Iewmawlong area to a better and cleaner area.
It is learned that the school was destroyed after the earthquake struck the school which is located in a remote area.
Kharbihkhiew has come seventh in the top ten list and now has a desire to pursue a Master of Laws (LLM).
Ruby said that on the 26th afternoon, the day before the incident, his daughter had phoned her mother to inform her about her activities inside the school. and that she shall also go to take part in horse riding in the evening.
However, this year the price has increased and those who come to buy sying at the market are from Assam, Dudnoi, Dhupdhara and other places.
He is survived by 6 children 3 daughters and 3 sons along with grandchildren.
It is believed that taking medication is not associated with atrial fibrillation among people with anxiety.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has called another meeting on November 1 after the dewbilat factories failed to implement the new price of T.7 per metric tonne per kilometre.
Furthermore, the petition demanded that the demarcation should be according to the wishes of the majority of the churches living in these villages.
The demarcation for the second phase which includes Block I, Block II Khanduli, Psiar, Ri Bhoi, Langpih and others. fix it immediately.
Same.
Two GNLA cadres surrender before the SP of East Garo Hills District Two GNLA cadres today surrendered before the SP of East Garo Hills District.
They said that most of the village authorities have sent letters to the MLA and he has come to see himself but it has ended in a discussion while the MDC has said that he has contributed while he has his own funds. “We know that the MDC is still young, we don't expect much from him but he has contributed,” they said.
EPFO has provided its services through the internet for the benefit of those involved and there has been a speedy completion of works in recent years,” he said.
Imphal: Five more cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Manipur, bringing the total number of cases to
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shakliar said that the renovation of the JN Stadium has two parts, one is the integrated sports complex and the other is the upgradation. consisting of a first part and a second part.
Kitkupar Shangpliang and the group sang “Ka Pyrta Shnong” and the Snap Paka Choral Group led by Bah Realley Lyngskor sang “Im Tip Briew”.
He said that Assam has tried its best to distribute relief goods even to those areas which still fall on the border of Meghalaya and there have been residents who have become closer to them. Assam, because it is better, but when it comes back to Meghalaya, it has been providing only dew ryngkhiang to the people.
When we use sawar in terms of medicines, this plant is very helpful in many parts of the body or in the increase in hypertension or in terms of anemia.
Since ancient times, the Khasi have had a dorbar when they do any work related to the affairs of the village or the affairs of the general public.
Who will be blamed for the rapid spread of Coronavirus until dozens of precious lives have been lost every day? First of all, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The State Government should look into more details regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and how to prepare for community quarantine centres, isolation wards, injections, PPE kits and others. ) the second wave which scientists around the world have predicted.
Acts 2:4
Jowai, Naitung 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle today led a meeting with the Director of Health Services (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle. (MI) Shillong to inform about the shortcomings of Laskeiñ CHC from the lack of doctors and medicines.
However, due to the strict laws and regulations in the country, the people have no choice but to give birth and give birth as usual.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) today lodged a petition with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and the Director General of Police (DGP) on the allegation of corruption. A truck collided with a truck on the Jowai By-Pass Road in Mukhla.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, said that he does not approve of intimidating the people with guns, as the villages are near the BSF camp. They should take care of this matter, so that such incidents will not happen again from time to time.
Although the BJP does not want to reveal, the removal of Bah AL Hek as a reward for his sudden departure from the BJP a few years ago.
He said that they have set a target that in the next 100 days they will be able to complete the remaining 1500 school buildings.
Primrose scored two goals and two assists through Riburom and Civility.
In election campaigns, candidates accuse other parties of buying people but they are all the same.
Charm Marbaniang also contributed 21 runs but was dismissed by Rajesh Das.
The fourth Kur Dorbar was conducted by Wompher Lamare, President of the Lamare Kur Pyllun Jaintia Hills in the presence of Emlangki Lamare, MDC-JHADC as the chief guest, Salong Lamare, Dolloi of Nartiang District as the chief guest. The chief guest along with other elders and women who came from different villages and units.
Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait, 38, is suspected to have been shot dead by unidentified robbers on Saturday night in Erpokon Village, Ri Bhoi District.
One more that the lack of parking spaces has resulted in traffic roads being turned into parking lots.
Please explain to us that there is no such misunderstanding @narendramodi @PMOIndia,” Roy tweeted.
When God calls us, it is with the intention of being a blessing to others.
On the other hand, the union hopes that the promise of the Executive Engineer will come true.
It is not yet known how these funds were used but it is learned that the T.8 lakh tyngka that entered the account of the Secretary was withdrawn from the Secretary. The advance for the purchase of land in Mawkyrwat for the construction of the Council's office has been canceled and it is not known whether the owner of the land has returned the money or not. more.
There are no such Rieweeid ri Rieweeid Jaidbynriew leaders to surprise the people.
, BSF, BOP Karaigora (SWKH) has lodged a complaint that on 29th June at 7.45 pm, BSF troops in the room found a case containing 1,581 Indian rupees. The amount of T.500 has reached T.7,90,5
The Orthodox Priest today blessed the Russian troops on the Ukrainian border.
Only one voice, together with the Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang groups, expressed their strong opposition not to allow this market to open until the situation in relation to this disease is met. plague.
The Church of wealth is the Church of the people from the youngest to the oldest, because where there is wealth there is confidence and goodness.
He recalled the incident last year when teachers were forced to sleep on the streets.
Russia's death toll has more than doubled that of the United States in Afghanistan, with 4,431 deaths and in Iraq, with 2,401 deaths. which the United States, fights against terrorism.
Chairman Teinwell Dkhar said that according to Rule 88(1) a Bill must be brought before debate and will be passed after a debate of at least three days.
In one private school, students could not get admit cards because parents could not pay their school fees.
An FIR was lodged at Rongram Outpost on November 28, 2012 but until the past few days they have not received any information about him and they have lost hope.
At 2 o'clock, they went to the bookstore in Iewduh to buy Kynsai's book.
Police have registered a case against the suspect.
“The Congress stands firm on its principles and will continue to stand for the people of the state as a whole,” he added.
Replying to a question, Bah Ronnie expressed his confidence that the people of the state will reject the BJP as many religious groups and minorities have already faced problems.
MPCC President DD Lapang has expressed his shock over the bomb blast in Williamnagar on Saturday which injured nine people.
Also present on the occasion were IG CRPF, Sonal V. Mishra IPS, Commandant 67 CRPF, SP East Khasi Hills, SP City, SP Traffic and other police chiefs of the district.
In South West Garo Hills, 40 cases have been reported, of which 14 are undergoing treatment and 25 have recovered.
Despite the heavy rainfall, the employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) have taken action to clean up the road. They took care of the smooth running of the vehicles and also they were vigilant and permanently monitored the movement of the people in the area.
“If this is the case, it is very difficult for a mynder ri to become the Home Minister of the Government of India,” Bora said.
After receiving the order this morning, the ministers, chiefs of the Hima Mylliem together with their relatives gathered at the Dorbar Hall of the Hima Mylliem to welcome Pa'iem Ricky and to visit him. to the throne of the King.
She said that most of the time it has been found that due to the lack of trees, there is also a shortage of drinking water and there is a shortage of living things in those areas.
Regarding the preparations for the MDC election, Thomas Passah said, “We have renewed the Election Committee under the leadership of James MA Neng, and we have received those who came to apply. tickets from different constituencies but they have not yet been considered so we are still waiting.
These are the benefits of the following suggestions:—.
Then to take land for foreigners to all the villages, to come and live, work, through the scheme SVAMITVA and so on.
The Minister, while not knowing what is in the Bill, said that the idea of ​​having a UCC is something that if not discussed with the residents and look into all the issues. part, it shall be sweet-smelling.
There will be a special sermon and prayer for those in need of prayer and for the sick at this service.
Mawkyrwat, November 19: The State Education Mission Authority of Meghalaya (SEMAM) in collaboration with the District Mission Coordinator, SSA, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Station Head of Red FM, South Asia FM LTD, Shillong today conducted a Road Show Awareness Campaign at Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District. to 19 years of age to enable them to enroll in the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) Open Schooling System, so that they can complete their education up to Class XII. C.Wankhar, State Out-of-School Coordinator, Meghalaya, said that the state has a drop-out rate of 21.7 per cent and the CM has issued a The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) through the State Education Mission Authority of Meghalaya (NIOS) also known as the Sarmagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The objective of NESIDS is to support the development of livelihoods in various sectors including transportation in the North Eastern States.
Speaking on the methods of conducting the examinations, Professor Lakhon Kma said that the first is through the examination once a year, followed by the Semester system which takes about three years to prepare, but in the NEP only He also expressed his regret over the presence of some people who have misled him on this issue.
Therefore, the government should urge all the security forces especially at the exit points not to be stingy in this life and death of the people.
“They should be allowed to open zero accounts for people so that they can avoid the problem at such times,” he said.
Speaking before handing over the jerseys, u Bah PT Sawkmie congratulated all the teams who took part in the tournament to win and to play with dignity and respect, without causing any trouble.
Shillong: The BJP today set up its Election Campaign Committee with Bah AL Hek as its Chairman.
If uranium is mined in Mawthabah and Nongbah Jynrin or Phlangdiloin, all the people in those areas will be expelled, is it development or displacement? If roads, buildings and others are built, the question is who will benefit from them, the answer is clear UCIL and its employees will benefit and benefit themselves because the villagers have been evicted. village already.
However, despite the shrip from all sides, the resolution of these three constituencies, has not failed to surprise everyone and this story of victory, has turned back one of the oldest parties and The Indian National Congress (NC) is the largest political party in the state.
Meanwhile, the strong wind on the 28th caused the uprooting of trees and damage to many electrical wires.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said that at this meeting, the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union (MAWU) expressed their concerns and because they are unfounded concerns, The Government has decided to increase the allocation from T.17 crore to T.26 crore.
“He said that now they will go to the people with this issue and it is up to them to judge their performance.
And as a “Christian majority State” we have a responsibility to the citizens, to the country and to our God to bring about a rule of knowledge of man and knowledge of God, because the world, especially in these times, is watching It is difficult to find a way to point fingers and write against us Christians.
Speaking at the election campaign in Rangskhen on Saturday, Bah Samlin alleged that it was the UDP leaders who gave money to those people who requested information through the Right to Information (RTI) on the MLA scheme. , while in the last five years, he has already provided assistance to about 8600 families.
Find out the root cause before you oppose...because if the opposition is just a joke and doesn't lape dpei to darapjot the secret works they end up only in the news except then the places have gone to Thor ......and you don't have a place to go.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Vujay Kumar, Commissioner of Sports, Speaking on the occasion, Mrs. Hamlet Dohling (Director of Sports & Youth Affairs) MSOA President Hamlet Dohling ), she congratulated all the players who attended this day and the MSOA who worked hard to select these players who will take part in this big tournament in the country and said The 34th East Zone Junior Athletics Championship in Kolkata and hopefully at the National Games in Goa will return with glory.
In the second final of the men's category, Padu United 'A' beat Ummulong Grassroot Center 1-0
In the second match, June Shylla scored the first goal for Mookaswan Dongnein Sports Club in the 14th minute.
In 1951, the Government of Assam, under which we were also ruling at that time, included more than 350 villages, located in Block I and II of 15 Doloi districts, into Mikir and North Cachar Hills, just for administrative convenience.
Ban Kharnaior said that during the meeting with the BDO, it was found that the relocation was the personal wish of the BDO. The new building is about 2 acres in size but when asked about the land where the office is located, it is about 5 acres. There may be something behind the desire to relocate the office.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday demanded that a judicial inquiry should be set up to investigate the arrest of 21 school children in Laitlyngkot. They take medicines that are not provided by the Ministry of Health.
This joy comes when we feel and believe that the Lord Jesus is with us.
He said that the excessive vigilance of the courts against the police department in relation to the arrested robbers, has caused the robbers to feel guilty when they commit crimes.
Even if this opinion of the Government may not be sufficient, the Governor cannot refuse and do whatever he wants under Article 163 COI, because it says that the Governor shall comply with the The opinion of the Government, except if there is something which the Constitution requires, which it may take at its own discretion.
The six-month career guidance will be only for youths who wish to sit for the examinations of various banks for posts such as probationary officers and clerical posts.
They often blame others.
The program was held at Rongmesek village in Ri Bhoi District, where Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong MLA Umsning was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Lansius Syiemlieh. , Abitius Taro Rangbah Shnong Rongmesek, Cluster Coordinator Johny Rymbai, Office Bearers of the VO including President Blandina Sohlangpiaw and members of the 7 SHGs. The VO, and a cake was cut to celebrate the 10th Anniversary of the group.
In fact, this world is very beautiful but sin has corrupted it.
He said that the VPP is ready to promise that it will bring about a clean governance if the people of the state hand over the power to it.
Many young people today, have made short films, dramas, serial films through Youtube and this has been a great blessing to them, in which not only they have been able to showcase their talents. don, but it has also helped them to produce films, even if they don't have much opportunity to show them in cinema halls.
Many of us know the truth, Because most of us are Christians, The soul is more precious, But there is a lot of trouble.
The total amount of property seized in connection with this is estimated at Rs 221.5 crore during the raids conducted at 145 places so far.
Nongpoh: The residents of Lumdiengngan, Wahmyntait, Mawkduk, Kyrdeng villages in Ri Bhoi District and the residents of Lumkseh and Mawkynring villages in East Khasi Hills District have been arrested. They rallied to demand their rights and to protest against the claim of Bah Wording Nongrum, who claimed to be the Sordar of Shnat Raid Tynring that these six villages fall under the Raid.
Regarding the preparation, Bah Rishanlang Lyngdoh (Coach) said that Shanborlang's training session is up to three times a day to improve the quality of the match for up to six rounds.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 11: The JAC Tourist Association (JAC Tourist Association) on Monday evening held a protest at Nonbah Bridge and urged the law enforcement authorities to take action. to arrest others involved in the murder of (L) Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani.
God says – “I am God, and there is no other.
Ud longtheng, come down now to this house of mine, as You have heard and heard my prayers, now I call upon You to appoint this son of mine, David Nianglang, to be a king. saidthma, u riew dorbar, to appoint rich, to appoint riewphew, to be wise, to be healthy.
Shillong: Bah Banshai Marbaniang, together with Bah Steve Khyriem and Bah Churchil Syiemlieh, visited Lachumiere to inaugurate the public park, which has been constructed through the PWD Building since .
Ethnic differences, cultural differences, customs, language differences and others know that it will bring conflict and differences of opinion in that household.
Arvind Kejriwal's plan to change the Khadar system and bring about democracy has shocked many Indians abroad. , to come to Delhi to work with Kejriwal in the last elections.
“I didn't see that the bike was in its parking lot and therefore wearing a helmet was not necessary.
This shows that it is only the fear of those in power because of the wind through the song 'Kongdeng Kongnah ha u Prah'
People have lost their loved ones before their eyes.
On the other hand, Phiyooris Syngkon, President Laskeiñ Block, said that after a meeting with the government officials yesterday, the salary for the three months of November 2021 and February, March has been released. 2022.
Metro trains and commercial trains in Mumbai are clean, during working hours and during breaks, along with stations.
It is time for the people to give a proper answer to the ethnic parties by setting an example and that is to win only one ethnic party and not to vote lyngkhot lyngkhai.
“We firmly believe that if the Government can introduce a policy in companies or even factories, first of all, if security personnel are needed, they should take them first from the Home Guard Department,” said Bah Khongsit.
In addition, the Sohra area has been famous since ancient times since God's special creation of nature which has attracted tourists from all over the world. However, the residents of this Constituency are living in poverty and backwardness due to the lack of development opportunities. government in nearly every way.
These districts include Ri-Bhoi District, South West Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 13: The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (MMA) has selected 40 athletes including men and women to take part in the National Muaythai Championship to be held at Deweas Indoor Stadium in Madhya Pradesh from 16th to on July 22, 2022.
:The Catholic Church of Sawsymper Parish on Tuesday held a Procession at the opening ceremony of St. Ferrendo Higher Secondary School Sawsymper. The Podium VIP, T.20 lakh, Bishop Victor's Road T.95 lakh and the Land Mark T.5 lakh have been allocated for these four projects. Charles Pangrope MLA Nongthymmai and Olland Singh Suin MLA Mawsynram Constituency also received their blessings from Bishop Wilbert Marwein and Most Rev. DDU Lyngdoh. Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Charles Pangrapoe MLA Nongthymai Constituency, Ollansingh Suin MLA Mawsynram Constituency and government officials. Through them, they have been able to open these 4 buildings within the Sawsymper Parish.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Eastern Border Area and Raid Nongtung Circle, led by Samla Banjop Maring, President Eastern Border Area, today met with Dr. TS Momin, DMHO. Bhoi, which is a complaint and to inform her about the lack of health care at Mawlasnai PHC, which is a health center which has to serve thousands of people living in the border area.
Revelation 22:1
Also present on the occasion were Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki MDC Umroi Constituency and members of the Self-Help Group.
During his tenure as MP, he was also a member of various Committees of Parliament.
Finally, the union urges the district authorities to take action against these shops without license.
As part of the celebration, a prayer service was held and before that, a candlelight vigil was lit by the chief guest and other invitees.
The commission also decided to set up a committee headed by a retired Supreme Court judge on various complaints related to the production of the film, especially the role of the two filmmakers. NTR Laxmi and Udyama Simham.
Water and soil from Jaintia Hills will participate in the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Ayodhya Temple in Uttar Pradesh on 5th July 2020 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. duh you Ri.
The Election Commission has temporarily suspended Seikhosiem Lhangum (Sector Officer), Prahlad Ch Roy (Presiding Officer), Parameswar Charangsa (1st Polling Officer), Swaraj Kanti Das (2nd Polling Officer) and Lalzamlo Thiek (3rd Polling Officer).
But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the devils of Satan, that which ye have already hold fast till I come.
Meanwhile, UDP MLA Jemino Mawthoh said the party stands firm on the ground that it should not be handed over to the CBI or the National Investigation Agency (NIA) for investigation. of politicians and terrorists in the state.
Especially when it is being lynsher tyngeh, day and night, by over loading trucks or trucks carrying more weight than they should be carrying.
Those who went to get medicine also wanted to escape the pain, but there were others who were forced or sent back to the fields.
“As the government in the Cabinet meeting has not decided to increase the salary of adhoc teachers by 100 percent as promised by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma in the House recently, JACATAM will not refuse to continue the strike. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem.
Even though I haven't known you for a while, my soul welcomes you and there is something that urges my soul to love you.
Vedantu plans to open more than 30 offline training centers across India for JEE, NEET and Foundation course examinations, after expanding its training services. through the current era of EdTech.
It is no longer possible to communicate publicly, because many of the people are sinful and unclean.
On the other hand, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has sent a notice to those who have gone to Khapmara PIC and District Jail, Mawsyntai since 7th March Home Quarantine for 10 days, by understanding their health and also to follow exactly the guidelines of the government, through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
If the map has been prepared in fact, it should have been reviewed since 2011-12 before it was submitted to the Assam government.
Shillong, July 12: The former Executive Committee of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah PN Syiem as CEM and Bah Lamphrang Blah, EM in charge of the Elaka, has alleged that illegally in which they have forcibly revoked the recognition of the KHADC for the Seng Kur Thangkhiew.
The teacher, who teaches at one of the SSA schools in West Jaintia Hills District, is one of the 12,401 teachers who have not received their salaries since August this year. today.
Nongstoin, November 10: The Union of Village Authorities of Mawshynrut Area, Mawshynrut Area, today held a meeting at Riangdo to discuss the attack on Khasi. in the Garo rebel groups in the area.
Prop Pastor K.Dkhar also gave a sermon from the Word of God.
However, he said that on important issues affecting the livelihood of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people as well as after thinking carefully, he decided to leave the party. , from June 5
A moment of silence was also held in their memory.
“The post of Adviser was offered to me by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
“The two departments that work well in this hospital are the Gynecology Department and the Pediatric Department.
The State Government should enact road safety laws to curb this, the State Government should look into the drivers who drive recklessly and empower the police to curb this. to the peace.
Tynsong, who is also the MLA of the constituency, expressed his gratitude to the Raid Shabong for donating the land for the construction of the Civil Sub Division. T.5 crore has been allocated for the construction of these offices at Mawsing, where all the government offices will be located together with the office of the SDO Civil Sub Division, Pynursla. this bag.
On this occasion, the Minister said that so far, the rice distributed to schools is good because the DC Supply Office, FCI and the wholesalers have followed the rules to distribute the rice. midday meal at school.
Thus we see that the land of our Jaitbynriew is slowly flowing to foreign countries and the map of Meghalaya (especially the Khasi Jaintia Hills) is changing day by day.
"Yes, don't worry, we'll leave today," said Panah.
In a brief interview with Rupang, Suting said, “This law has been like putting a tyllai phasi on the drivers from the neck”.
New York: Lieutenant General Ben Hodges, former commanding general of the US Army Europe, says Russia has the power to invade Ukraine. twelve days.
Another thing that Conrad said is that it is necessary to understand that nothing should affect the peace and stability among the different ethnic groups which could affect the unity in the state.
Speaking to reporters, it was understood that Rao did not want to be in the post of Prime Minister, but said he could be the Chairman of the Advisory Committee to the government.
In the 2023 MLA elections, polling stations like Nongriat in East Khasi Hills district and Kamsing in Amlarem are the villages where the election officials still have to walk to reach the village. and he did not cross the river by sitting in a boat.
Therefore, the VPP has called upon the people of Garo Hills to join hands with the party in its efforts to bring about political change in the state where the leaders will be responsible and accountable to the people. you don't have to.
The Director of Geology and Mining, Nagaland, US Manen on Friday issued a directive to the Government of India to immediately find out the truth about the presence of precious stones in the area. place Waking.
However, in the midst of these, everyone still says 'Happy New Year, same to you', because it has become a custom.
Police suspect that the robbers threw petrol bombs at these vehicles.
“I have met the Prime Minister only once to inform him of the need for an ambulance at this PHC and he has been quick to help,” said Shylla.
“After the meeting, the Chief Ministers will issue an announcement that the state government will set up a Regional Committee,” said Prestone. If we continue to wait, the time will come when the border crossing of Assam will reach Byrnihat.
Nowel Sumer said that the Sordar of C.Aikom Diengdoh was not elected by the people of Raid Tynring, but was appointed by the Syiem Balajied Sing Syiem. don't have a bag.
Vivek said that police have received another complaint at Lumdiengjri Police Station on 22nd June 2023, that the same robber has claimed to be an officer of the Police Special Branch and promised to The complainant was asked to pay T.1 lakh for those who have not passed matriculation and T.50,000 for those who have passed matriculation.
The state has already beaten Nagaland at home in the round robin stage and will now expect the same.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Festival, Bah Donborwell Marbaniang, said that the Committee will also organize the 2nd Living Root Festival. promote tourism in the Tyrna area.
To achieve the full success of tourism in the state depends on the understanding of all the residents of its value and the attention of the leaders in all needs.
Mukrang Kro took two wickets and M. Reicken Singh took one wicket for St Anthony's.
FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit said the Prime Minister has assured that the government will take immediate action.
Meghalaya produces about 2000 trucks of synsar per season and most of the strongest production areas are in the Riwar, Bhoi and Jaintia Hills.
The teachers were also invited to attend the meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui.
Furthermore, the British Government has not abolished the rule of the indigenous Khaddar here in Ri Khasi, and it still allows and recognizes the rule of independence in its own kingdoms. Khasi.
“We will respect the call of the Mission Director but the indefinite strike will continue as announced from 4:00 pm,” said MEMRIWU President Microlina Syiemlieh. by Telephone.
At the same time, whether the people understand or have read these manifestos when they decide to vote for any candidate or do they vote only on the basis of feelings or feelings of friendship, feelings of family or feelings? Love him or her because they have helped you in times of trouble, suffering, or death.
When Satan was Lucifer's angel in heaven, he was a bright, wise, and good man, but when he was cast out of heaven by God, he was no longer an angel of God, but he became a lion. the devil and the devil.
“On the 1st November 2018, I received a call from the public asking about this person after seeing him on social media (Facebook) and I went to look for him. “We received information from Meghalaya House in Delhi and said that this man came to the area in 2016 and admitted that he is from Mawryngkneng,” said Daniel Stone.
By putting forward the two objectives of the state government, namely, to provide support to the poor farmers in the state so that they do not lose too much money when purchasing agricultural equipment and commodities. riang, and to ensure that agriculture will move towards organic farming, it has been decided to subsidize or sell low price Single Super Phosphate (SSP), Muriate of Potash (MOP) and Diammonium Phosphate (DAP) by 25%.
Furthermore, some of the traders said that the Meghalaya Chamber of Commerce and Industries (MCC) has met with the officers to change the decision to allow trucks to drive. No Entry for trucks that want to deliver goods to the market during school or working hours so that the supply of goods will not decrease so that the price will not decrease. They said that the government has refused to listen to their suggestions.
Special prizes were also awarded to Mazagon Douck Shipbuilders Ltd, Garden Reach Shipbuilders Ltd and Central Warhousing Corporation.
On the other hand, the NGO leaders in their speeches expressed their gratitude to Bah Pynïaid for donating these ambulances as part of the transportation of patients in the Mawryngkneng area. , Nongrah, Mawkasiang and Sohryngkham.
The PLA has banned Indian troops from entering the Depsang area for some time.
The KSU Laban Circle on 5th November, 2023, has submitted a petition to the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills regarding the illegal stay of foreigners in Mahadev Khola.
If your office doesn't take action, we have no choice but to do our duty by conducting a raid,” said the Asst.General Secretary of FKJGP Central. Body of Mr. Reginald.
She also directed the PWD department and the contractor to assist the people when the road is blocked during the rainy season.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: The office of the Executive Engineer, Water Resources (WR) West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai on Tuesday held a Public Hearing especially for the land owners and farmers in the Pynthorneiñ area. Wah Myntdu) on the proposal to implement a Flood Management Project worth billions of rupees which will be funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Water Resources.
Pyrethrum can grow up to 10 feet tall.
Now, another name has emerged and that is that of Dia Mirza, who is allegedly involved in the drug smuggling of Sushant.
Erwin, who is also a prominent lawyer, said that there are rules of law when a complaint is lodged and the investigation will continue.
Bah Shanbor, this is a sign that your enemies will stop from now on.
Because they have started to get old if you leave them alone, she promised to give you new ones after three months.
Up to 16 bouts including Junior, Sub-Junior, Youth and Elite categories were held on the closing day of the tournament.
Bah Noah Khongstid, Leader of FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle, said that according to the findings of the FKJGP, the garbage dumping is not done by the owners of the land, but most of the garbage dumpers are foreigners. states living in the Byrnihat area and even those from Assam as this area is located between Meghalaya and Assam.
However, they explained that the CM of West Bengal has tried to improve the livelihood of the backward people in the state through the introduction of various projects which is the reason for the delay. .
“I don't like talking with a mobile phone in my hand,” said the mother.
Lutituber, who played well in the second half, scored three more goals through Medaia Dhar (76), Balajied Dhar (79) and Francis Pale (87).
“Make sure that the TMC will rule your state so that you can remove the BJP government in Delhi in the coming days, cast your vote for the TMC and we will Show you the way how to get rid of the BJP in Delhi.
Therefore, Ms Ampareen said that if the ASHAs are willing to come back to talk, she is welcome to have a meeting.
“The goal of the HYC is to fight until we get the ILP. In 2019, the government approved it but it did not reach the Government of India because of the weakness of the State Government.
and many other precious teachings of a pious mother which I cannot mention or write here.
Regarding the Mid Day Meal, they said that it is not enough and many schools have not been able to provide it because of the low fee. “T.4 tyngka per day in the villages, think if 50 children have T.200 per day, the fee for the tree will not be less than T.4 tyngka per day. T.100 tyngka for food and jhur, T.200 tyngka for shet,” they said. Then the government pays T.1000 tyngka per month for shet. T.1000 per month,” they said.
In a statement, M/S Trinity International said, “In relation to Kyrhuhkhla, there are only 57 coal mines (abandoned coal mines) from K1 site to K3 site near Umsylih Bridge in 2021 as mentioned in the DPR in April, 2021, but as of now there are more than 441 coal mines (260 coal mines and abandoned mines). 181).
The document states that the disease was created to act as a war against the enemy and states that the disease was created by the Chinese military or that It is said that it is a biological weapons program.
These families decided to return to the traditional Khasi religion after becoming converts to other Christian religions.
However, it is common to say op which means thieb which in English is Up.
After receiving the approval from the State Government under the leadership and supervision of Bah HK Thabah, MCS, Addl Deputy Commissioner, I/c Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division, a team of Gazetted Police Officers, The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Commerce and Industries has decided to demolish and demolish the factories of 57 illegal coal mining factories which have been built without proper CTE. 2023 and until 15th November 2023, up to 13 illegal coal mining factories located in Nonglangpar (Kyllonmathei) located at the co-ordinates (i) 25.5220613, 90.8992605 (iii) 25.5201515, 90.9032912 (iv) 25.5185800, 90.9041877 (v) 25.5174384, 90.9062416 (50,28) 805 5.5138295, 90.9038863 (viii) 25.5146504,90.9051718 (ix) 25.5146671, 90.9067402 (x) 25.5177594, 69.90 (90.90 xi) 25.5191951,90.9023759 (xii) 25.5214483, 90.9009416 and (xiii) 25.5212888,
These village leaders said that the farmers and traders are also facing difficulties in transporting their crops such as sying, synrai, synsar and other crops from these areas due to the poor road conditions and They cannot easily deliver their goods to markets like Nartiang, Iawpynsin in Wahiajer.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Pynshngain, took part in the election of the CEM of the Council when there was no dispute over the defeat of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA). .
Basaïawmoit was speaking at the VPP meeting in Langpih on Thursday after revealing the incident on 24th July 2023 at a public hearing in East Jaintia Hills. Whether the people still want to allow the dewbilat factory to continue to operate.
The religious leaders went to fetch special water from the Um-ngot River this morning and after the sun rose, they went to look for the Blei (which is the Kait tree) and brought her to the temple. or Durga Temple where it is decorated in the image of Goddess Durga.
The new office bearers are President Komen Laitmon, Vice President Evandalyne Pyngrope, General Secretary Sparklestar Wann, Joint Secretary Wanteikupar Swett, Finance Secretary Omesty Chyne, Organizing Secretary Arbina Kshiar, Organizing Secretary – Mr. Pynshngain.
So it is terrible if kings or rulers turn away from God.
(Dr) SS Khongkliam, former Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwa, gave a keynote address on the book “The Village of Sakwang” by Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal, Mawkyrwa. and T.Bn.
He urged the people of Khasi-Jaintia to allow the RDA candidate to lead to Delhi to bring about change in the State.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Hills, James Lyngwa, while talking to Rupang by telephone, said that the Prime Minister has never called even once to discuss with the Village Authorities on this issue. you law you law.
“If you don't apologize in writing in front of the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, remember that we will not allow you to come to our state,” he said.
The exact intention of these robbers was received on the 10th at 7 pm that the robbers had an intention to kidnap a trader who used to come from the northern parts of Dadenggre area. “We have informed the field units to check all the vehicles overnight,” said the West Garo Hills Police Chief.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, eight new cases have been confirmed, seven from East Khasi Hills and one from West Garo Hills.
Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, said that Kiang Nangbah had told us before he was executed that if he turned his head to the east, we would get independence within 100 years. he has given us hope and these last words of his have come true.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the entire Government is now working for this instead of leaving the health work in the hands of the health department.
Besides the speeches, there were also songs and dances by the former and current students of the school.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Donald Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU, said that last year, the KSU had met with the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh. Khasi village called Khedagor who promised to protect these illegal Bengalis.
“Until June 2014, the total expenditure was T.11.46 crore,” said Prof Laloo.
She recalled that the meeting discussed the Village Administration Bill and also set up a Sub Committee whose members include five Rangbah Shnongs, Bah SD Khongwir, Chairman Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah B.S. Lyngdoh, Rangbah of Riatsamthiah, Bah Robert Dkhar, Rangbah of Lumdiengjri, Bah Emlang Lytan, Rangbah of Lumsohphoh, and Bah Bindo M Lanong, Rangbah of Nongrah.
He said that this traditional farming method has been practiced in the past in many places, where farmers used to practice 'Krut Lyngkha' before planting seeds in their fields, but in these “Many of the residents have forgotten the traditional farming methods,” said Bah Albinus Timung.
In the Institutional Category, Jerrasawamynathan won the first prize, followed by Meghalaya Institute of Governance in second place and Green Umtung in third place.
Shillong, July 1: Angelica Tynsong, a child who has received the Hero Award, has been awarded the opportunity to study in Jaipur, Rajasthan. .
The Government has turned the trees into shain meat at such a time. Many kinds of meat, three kinds of meat and three thousand colors of jhur have been shain sah ktak shi ktak.
Police immediately took the body of the man to Umsning CHC for treatment and due to serious injuries he was shifted to Civil Hospital, Shillong for further treatment.
Jowai, Naitung 3: The meeting for the Behdeinkhlam 2014 of the Sein Khynroo Sein-Raij Tuber (SKKST), West Jaintia Hills District, will be held on the 5th of this month at 10:00 am at office of the Sein in Tuber Kmai.
“The Indoor Stadium at Jongksha, which is under construction at a cost of Rs 22 crore, has been introduced by him. The stadiums in Mawber, Thangsning and others will be the source of income for the youth”.
Financial Secretary: Sikairi Dkhar
Throughout the day, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said that the meeting was to explain to the Congress party office bearers and leaders how they should understand the Roster System and Reservation. Policy, which is also a hot topic in the state.
On the other hand, the residents of Alcala del Valle, were delighted and applauded, when the 28 persons were evacuated from their residence, to another. the village.
The case was heard by Chief Justice Chandrachud and Justice Khanwilkar today.
"Thus they traveled from one place to another until they reached these Rilum (Khasi) areas, which gave encouragement and hope to those who stayed, which they say, gave encouragement and hope. and they said, “Ka Buhai Shnong.
Although there was a friendly match between Ewanmidao Pyrtuh (24 runs) who came first and Dawanchwami Passah (25 runs) who came second, WJH failed to increase the lead. was left with meager earnings.
The Minister of Finance, MB Kharlukhi said that in 2020, the people have suffered due to the closure of the market and now the Covid 19 pandemic has started. Therefore, if the people do not understand and do not follow the rules, the problem will be theirs.
He said that they should understand and be responsible in their lives together, as this will lead to confusion among the people of the state.
He also expressed his regret that Modi has chosen Dhaka as the venue to express his remarks. “It is an attempt to sow the seeds of conflict between Pakistan and Bangladesh, because these two countries belong to the same religion, and who are fighting together for independence," he said.
If the Community Participation Act and Municipal Elections become law, elections will be held three times every three years and our small community will be destroyed by public elections.
Jowai, Naitung 11 : As part of the Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Jowai which started on the 11th of this month, the police department has arranged the traffic and parking of vehicles especially on the last day of the 14th. month.
He also mentioned other development projects that Modi has launched in Meghalaya where 2.10 lakh LPG cylinders have been distributed to households under the PM Ujjwala Yojana. About 3.40 lakh households have been provided with drinking water through the Jal Jeevan Mission and about 2.70 lakh toilets have been constructed.
India is currently ranked 101st and Lebanon 99th.
“After the investigation and written statement by the Finance Department, it will be known whether there is any misuse of the scheme,” said Mondal in reply to a question by Umsning MLA Dr Celestine. the house of the council.
Police have arrested Shakeep Sheik of Maharashtra and registered a case under Section 279/337/338/427 of the Indian Penal Code (section 22(c)/29) of the NDPS. Act to further investigate the seizure of these drugs.
Wanbok immediately took a small dabor and threw away the meat.
Moonlight Pariat, UDP candidate from Jowai Constituency 2, also hoisted the flag at his home in Dulong.
Ideology : the idea of ​​ideology is the source; thinking is a source of inspiration about humanity in society.
Guwahati: The Assam government will work for only three or four months and therefore, it has no intention of discussing the border issue at this time, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of State for Assam.
Police said that Nikseng D Sangma had lodged a complaint that on 24th June at about 10:55 pm, the Nokma of Bollonggre A'king Land had informed him that the robbers had stolen between 10- 15 tins of household items worth T.7,000 from the site for the construction of the AD Camp at Bitching Bazar, Bollonggre, West Garo Hills.
The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has set up a Games Technical Committee for the 2022 National Games to be held in Shillong.
On the other hand, he expressed his regret that most of the government schools in any village are dilapidated school buildings and the better ones are private schools. Therefore, the government has not rested but has its own role to play and now many government schools have started to rebuild where they have their share to improve so that that the young children will have the opportunity to transfer their minds to education and to stand on their own feet in the days to come.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC and UDP Leader in Ri Bhoi, expressed his happiness to celebrate this day as the UDP party has passed through 26 They have been serving in the state for many years and as part of the party, they have also taken the initiative to donate food items to the Khunswet area run by the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod.
To receive salvation and grace from God man needs repentance.
Mayweather owns a jet, which he used to travel, a lot of jewelry, a lot of expensive cars and a very expensive jacket.
However, there are other places where it is useless to talk about the love or trust of the people because as soon as the time comes to vote, the people have forgotten what the leaders have done but they remember only the what they get in the moment on the way to the polls.
On the UDA's claim that there are many people in the House, he said that we cannot accept it by talking about the number of people in the House.
On the statement of Ma Vincent Pala in the past few days, who said that if he loses the Congress ticket he will not contest MP anymore, Dr. Lapang said that this shows his obedience and obedience. “If he doesn't agree with the decision of the party, it is up to him to contest from any party,” said Bah Lapang.
“Therefore, we would like to urge the State Government to ensure that such delays in the implementation of schemes should not happen,” he added.
He said that although he has been in schools for decades, it is true that there are difficulties when teaching not only at school but also at home because he has to fulfill many responsibilities for the children.
The opening day of the tournament was enriched with songs and dances.
Dr. Helen Giri, Retired Head of Creative Art, NEHU, said that the North Eastern Service, All India Radio, Shillong has been the source of inspiration for the people of the North East.
Babysunday Marngar and Hardi Cliff Nongbri scored two goals each while Hamedamanbha Wahlang scored the other goal.
Banjoplang Nongsiej is the son of Pastor RH Lyngkhoi and YM Nongsiej. He is from Lumdorbar village, Upper Lumparing, Shillong.
Tens of thousands of people from all over the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum as well as from abroad and abroad attended the Behdeinkhlam festival. to bring the Rot to Aitnar- the holy pool to be shown to the public before breaking them in that place.
He said that they believe that his victory in this election is also due to the vote of the people.
Banteidor and Gavin won and although they supported the MDA-2 government, they did not enter the Cabinet.
Centerwell Doloi, said that as of now, there have been many residents, who have expressed their dissatisfaction with the bridge, because although the government has banned the passage of vehicles carrying too much tons, however, there are vehicles carrying more than 9 tons and that is what causes damage to the bridge.
Shillong: The drivers of buses operating in Shillong, today decided to boycott the elections to be held in Shillong if they are still banned from operating. on the 27th of this month.
The Academy is also in talks with other clubs outside the state for the friendly matches next month, so the Academy hopes that through these measures it will be able to You have brought the stars of the state.
“Therefore, under the DREAM project, which is the short name for the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission, a mission to work for the eradication of drugs in Meghalaya, all the centers will have to Use only one platform, online and offline, so that the department has a complete census, in which the names of drug users who receive treatment even secretly, can be given back.
The number of recoveries has risen to 485 and the death toll has risen to
Related FAQs are posted on the website.
Shillong: The containment order for the BSF headquarters in Umpling will be lifted tonight or tomorrow, said Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services (MI). 26 January.
The Minister stressed that the NPP has worked fairly and taken seriously to fulfill the promises and demands of the people.
They demanded that the president of the KSU should be released within 48 hours and without any conditions.
As of July 2019, about 54 countries have banned, 32 countries have imposed fines on each plastic bag, Sweden recycles.
This is another step towards the peace talks between the HNLC and the Government,” said Bah Sadon.
Babeeta Sharma said that 118 party workers will march from the beginning to the end while others from different states will be able to march according to their ability. .
The reason is that this spirit is from God.
Three other forest employees who sustained serious injuries include Mobinur Rahman, Najrul Islam and Mustafa Ali.
What is surprising to the union is that in this sub-center, even if there is medicine for the public to use when they are sick, there is no medicine and this shows the government's neglect of them. People living on the Bangladesh border.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle will hold another awarding ceremony for the students of Narpuh Circle.
Anticipatory Bail is the release of bail before you are arrested.
Some of the medals won by the West Jaintia team were in the men's 5000 M where Dabit Dkhar finished in 15:53:9 In the women 's category , the gold and silver medals went to Lyntijingkyrmen K Jahrin who finished in 19:55:2 and Marqueenless Ramsiej :03:2, Happiness Phawa of WJH won the bronze medal. In the girls high jump, Joytiful Narlong of Ri-Bhoi won the gold medal. The silver and bronze medals went to Savinity Jyndiang of WKH and Shidalin Rongpih of Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong: U RN Ravi, Governor of Meghalaya, today welcomed the leaders of various political parties in Meghalaya.
He said the first task of the new EC is to prepare the remaining budget for the current fiscal year.
“The Executive Committee has taken action on this issue and the discussions with the State Government are ongoing and we hope that after we have been able to overcome the problem of collecting Land Title Right Certificate, it will help to improve the income of the Land Title Right Certificate. court of the council.
Superstition is a superstition that breeds fear, and its root cause is lack of knowledge of the truth of God's Word.
“You should not drive too fast and as drivers you should respect other drivers to avoid collisions,” said Bah Wallang.
“Furthermore, it states that the Lineage Act, 1997 does not allow the issuance of ST certificates to applicants who have submitted ST certificates. They have been given the jait of the husband by non-Khasis and this attempt to give the jait of the husband to non-Khasis has also been approved”.
The rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished" Revelation 20:5
We want to clarify that we are against the CAB to be implemented in the state,” said Banteidor.
The couple have filed a complaint in court and their divorce has come to an end and it is said that Suchana has been preventing her father from meeting her young son. , by a court order, issued on January 18, 2022, in which he was prohibited from speaking on the phone or even visiting his wife's house.
The Stage IV Generator Stage III Power Station at Nongkhyllem with a capacity of 30MW has been damaged since 2019. The 30MW Generator Stage III Power Station at Kyrdemkulai has been out of order since in the year
After 'The Elephant Whisperers' won the Oscars for Best Documentary Short Film, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin has honored the two mahouts who raised and cared for the elephant. MK Stalin has also donated Rs 9.1 crore for the construction of a house for the mahouts. lakh for the improvement and maintenance of the Ana Malai Tiger Reserve.
Amitabh Bachchan said he had to prepare quickly from his residence on 7th Road in Mangal, Mumbai, so as not to miss his trip to London and at the same time, so as not to lose it. Jaya Bachchan - I'm Not Afraid
The Inspector has warned the residents to be vigilant and vigilant to avoid the risk of injury and to avoid the construction of electrical lines especially those with high voltage lines of 11000 volts, 33000 volts and volts.
Portugal's goals were scored by Concalo Ramos in the 17th, 51st and 67th minutes, Pepe in the 33rd, Rafael Guerreiro in the 55th minute and Rafael Leao in the 55th minute. 92nd minute.
The three women, on the night of the 14th, at about 11:30 pm, while they were coming from Demsieniong area by car, when they reached Pynthor, a group of women guards. They stopped their vehicle and sent them outside and immediately they beat them and tied them with a hockey stick until all the injured parts were broken.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 244 cases, including Domsurok Lyngkhoi Cluster 2, Dongiew Mawtarang Cluster 2, Duba Shella Cluster 4, Health Worker 9, Jail Road Cluster 2, Khliehshnong Sohra Cluster 5, Laban Cluster 2, Maitkor Cluster Cluster 3, Laitumkhrah Cluster 5, Lapalang Cluster 10, Madan Iing Syiem Mylliem Cluster 17, Madanrting Cluster 5, Mawkneng Lyngkhoi Cluster 5, Mawkhar Cluster 3, Mawkneng Lyngkhoi Cluster 4, Mawlai Cluster m Cluster 2, Mawryngkneng Cluster 5, Mawsiangei Mawkliaw Cluster 2, Nongkseh Cluster 4, Nongmynsong Cluster 7, Nongrim Hills Cluster 3, Nongthymmai Cluster 7, Oxford Hills Cluster 2, Pohkseh North Cluster 3, West Clu 2 Polister C, Pohkseh , Pynursla Cluster 2, Rynjah Mainroad Cluster 2, Sohra Kutmadan Cluster 12, Sohra Mawpun Cluster 5, Thembasuk Cluster 2, Tynring Cluster 2, Umpling Cluster 3, Umrakam Mylliem Cluster 4, Umwai Cluster 2, Shillong Cluster
However, he said that as soon as he arrived in Ladrymbai, three persons named Muthu Das, Mukul Das and Ranjan Ghoshki cheated him of T.6000 thousand and told him not to go back. However, Donald refused to take the money and went into the shop to check the goods and found that many items such as cigarettes and others worth T.10,35,9 amount.
“Besides, the electricity supply is facing a lot of problems because it is not enough,” he added.
“Because of the silence of the Minister on the problems faced by the residents of Mawlai, the SSMP has no choice but to close down the garbage dump,” said Bah Samuel Biam, President. Bah Biam, said that the Minister of Urban Affairs, has not been able to interfere in this project, because it is not beneficial, such as the construction of supermarkets and then, the construction of improvements. The Khyndailad, which is the state government, has to accept the ram.
It is worth mentioning that the state government has allocated T.3 crore for the construction of the bridge after the NHAI bridge was built. Experts on the bridge have said that the bridge is no longer safe for the passage of heavy vehicles.
The incident happened at about 5 pm after about four robbers came to attack the driver of the vehicle which caused him serious injuries. and the loss of mobile phones and money.
“We have urged the MLAs of the 7 constituencies in Shillong to urge the residents of their respective constituencies to come out in order to get their Tika vaccine to protect themselves from Covid-19,” he said. said.
Dr. BC Verma, Scientist (Soil Science) gave an explanation on the importance of shun when planting.
Shillong, October 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the task of curbing the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh is the responsibility of the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Custom Department of the Government of India. the State Police.
There were two parts of the programme. In the afternoon, the flag raising ceremony was held by Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima. In the evening, the second part of the awards ceremony was attended by the Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem Kestonbel Manik Syiemlieh.
Today's match will be between Lion SC and NSA at 12.00 pm.
God has given signs to the world with many signs such as fires, thunderstorms, earthquakes, floods around the world as we see today in the media.
Do your best and leave what you can't do to God.
Police have received a tip that a man named Manoj Muksor, 23, of Mihmyntdu, Jowai, who came from Silchar with the illegal drugs, was arrested.
Looking back at the final, it was a very interesting match, as the players of both teams, showed their skills and especially to become the winners of the tournament. sports field.
However, this road has lasted only a few months, as it is a dirt road and even Mahindra pickups find it difficult to pass during the rainy season.
Allegedly, the use of money led to the defeat in the 2018 elections, Bah Paul said, “If I were a distributor, I would not have lost in the last election.
Surprisingly, all the instruments were made by themselves and it took about four days, said Bah Komik.
The two arrested persons were brought to Shillong for further investigation.
He was speaking a day after police destroyed the sleeper cell of the HNLC which was planning to detonate IED bombs in Shillong and Nongpoh after police were following up on the IED detonation in Them. Mawlong Market on the 9th of this month.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who was the joint candidate of the MDA government in the Lok Sabha MP election 2019, came second with more than 2,60,000 votes.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has raided and arrested one of the Tamil Nadu Ministers, V Senthil Balaji, on charges of possessing extortion for employment and misappropriation of funds.
The women did this after the Dorbar of Umran Diary refused to allow the women to attend a meeting to discuss the sale of land to the Assam Riffle.
In a letter sent to Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, the HNYF leaders urged the DC Ri Bhoi, to send patrols in these areas of 14Mer, 15Mer, because after It is known that there is a strong trade between the Khasi and foreign traders, therefore the Seng ka Syier believes that these foreigners who have met these Khasi do not have a healthy body.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has admitted that the load shedding has been lifted, but in Narpuh the load shedding is still in force every day.
On the other hand, we would like to urge the government to do all these things with love and compassion but not with corruption.
Officials of the state government have already visited the market, while the Governor of the state will visit the market tomorrow.
Shillong: On the night of 30/31 November 2019, BSF troops seized 180 cows worth T.23.16 lakh from the border area of ​​Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills.
It would have been great if modern agricultural scientists combined old and new knowledge so that farmers could better develop their agriculture and become more can produce much of their agricultural products.
Jowai: A commercial Alto driver has been tied from a shyllang by a Dkhar at a mobile shop in Iaw Musiang today.
Lucknow Super Giants striker Naveen-ul-Haq has been fined 50% of his salary for violating the CoC of the tournament. against Royal Challengers Bangalore and has also accepted his suspension for a Level 1 violation under Article 2.21 of the IPL's Code of Conduct.
“That is why we stand firm on the ground to demand the ILP whether the government accepts it or not, but we demand the ILP, which is the strongest law to curb illegal immigration. “It's a good idea to have a picture in this state,” said Robert.
It was later told that Hiteshwar Saikia told the Meghalaya chiefs, 'You hold the islands, I will hold the land.
At the same time, Daryl said that at present, it is still a time of mourning in Garo Hills, due to the sudden death of PA Sangma.
On the other hand, the people of Purvanchali threatened to hold a mass protest and after the threat, Dhankhar said that his true statement was written incorrectly.
Therefore, I apologize, because I am saying these things, whether they are related or not, they are not appropriate,” he said.
He said that the group also aims to educate the children and youth to avoid jobs that are not useful in their lives, by engaging in other jobs such as sports, crafts, manufacturing and others.
The mother, along with her two children, today came to meet with the media to express the suffering and pain she has faced due to the insult to her husband. The Chairperson of the Meghalaya Women Commission, Theilin Phanbuh, has ordered the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills to report the incident. that they should do something about it.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has strongly supported the decision of the State Government through the State Legislative Assembly to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 and to fully release the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)
In horticultural crops such as vegetables at the time of harvest, careful and careful spraying, cleaning, delivery and cleaning of spray pumps is essential.
He said that about 6 crore jobs have been created in the last 6 to 7 years under his administration.
When he tried to work with the Congress, he didn't agree with the party either and it confused his mind and he resigned immediately.
The court has given the KHADC four months to respond.
He also complained that between the night of the 3rd and 4th, about 400 people attacked the CRP camp at Mawlai Bridge. ASI KC Daloi, policemen Kairappa, Tarapat Roy, Indramani and K Deka were injured in the incident.
Mawkyrwat, Ïaïong 01: Many households have been affected and damaged by the cyclone on the night of 31st October,
NEHU officials said that the site will be cleaned first and will be opened from 14th November.
Many other villages have been affected by the cyclone in Bhoirymbong, Nongtraw, Nonglakhiat, Umden Mission and other villages which have not yet received the exact information.
Meanwhile, HSPDP MDC Morning Mawsor said that his party has not yet taken a decision and will have to discuss at the party meeting whether to continue or not. “We have not yet taken a decision and we request the UDP and KHNAM leaders to think again and discuss this issue,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, he said that after the strong cyclone in the past few months, Mawhati constituency, the constituency he leads, is one of the affected constituencies. “But I have not received a reply,” he said.
Meanwhile, the driver and passenger of the truck fled the scene after the incident.
Shillong: After receiving complaints from many groups against the State Government for its failure to pay the salaries of the ASHA workers for many months now, these workers under the umbrella of the State Government The Meghalaya Asha Workers Union (MAWU) has also vowed to hold an indefinite strike if the State Government fails to pay their salaries within a day.
Due to the complexity of the administration for the construction of monuments and statues in the state, it was felt that the state government should formulate a Cultural Policy which includes the poets, writers and artists. , the kaitor, the duhalia, the tyngshop puron etc. who are involved in the field of teaching in order to ensure the smooth running of the performance of the skills and knowledge in their work and not by those who are expensive. than in government agencies.
The meeting was held at the office of the Presbyterian Church of India in Shillong.
On the other hand, JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen expressed his gratitude to Lahkmen Rymbui for his hard work in setting up this B.Ed College in Kiang Nangbah.
They were arrested 33 years after killing Mirwaiz Mohammad Farooq on 21 January
Members of the opposition include the UDP, HSPDP, NPP and independent MLAs.
He said that the MDA government has paid a lot of attention to the youth of the state and in this regard, the government has supported musicians and singers, entrepreneurs, youth groups through various schemes. diverse.
Darius Marngar , 18 , was abducted on the 13th of this month by three robbers who came with weapons and broke into the house of Dringshon Marngar , his father the young man at 6:30 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 27: Several applicants for the post of Nursing Officer at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong have expressed their regret that they have to write the written examination abroad despite the fact that they have to write the written examination abroad. The hospital is located in the state of Meghalaya.
It is worth mentioning that after the government passed the Act, nine MLAs who were MDCs have resigned from the post of MDC but only Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem is left. “Whether Pynshngaiñ will be nominated or not is not up to the government, but the final decision is the Election Commission,” said Prestone.
On the same day, the leaders of the seven countries pledged to work together and support Ukraine until Russia stops its invasion.
The Scorpions of Nongthymmai Grassroots Center beat the JNS Jaguars in the 8-9 age group.
Shillong: U Matchallang M Sangma, alias Vietnamese, has been shot dead by police in East Garo Hills this morning. sun.
A source close to the government said that this time the government has set a target that as soon as the MDC elections are over, it will not delay as it has done in the past to decide on the MDC shu sieh in KHADC. and in JHADC as well.
The body was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital and has been placed at the morgue for post mortem.
Shillong, March 11 : The President of the BJP 18 West Shillong Youth Wing, Bah William War and the office bearers of these units have decided to leave the BJP. They also decided to dissolve the BJP Unit in the area.
“I and the Minister of PHE will work together on this issue with the central government. If it cannot be resolved we will have to seek funds from other sources,” said Ampareen Lyngdoh.
He said that through the Meghalaya Milk Mission, dairy farmers and cooperative societies involved in this field of dairy farming have witnessed an increase in this sector of activity. to them to grow in terms of income.
However, their claim is only a cover-up as they have not been able to convince the BJP to implement this demand.
When everyone had left the house and after eating and drinking, Bahdeng left.
Nongpoh: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, in the presence of Dasakhiatbha Lamare, Minister of Fisheries, today inaugurated a Farmers' Market. It is located in the village of Khlieh Umstem, Ri Bhoi District.
“We will do whatever is necessary against the state government which has misled the people, we will sit at the party meeting and I cannot say much on this,” he said.
The demands of these teachers include the release of salary, salary increase and also to recognize them as teachers of the state government.
The team from NESFAS gave their explanations, and one of them was on how traditional food can reduce the problem of biodiversity loss.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Monday discussed the upcoming elections in Sohiong constituency. and it shall be five years.
When asked whether any political parties have joined the NPP, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Yes, all these will happen. MDA-II is very strong, don't worry.
“I don't know anything about this, nobody has informed me,” said Don Massar.
When it was seven o'clock in the morning, her mother called her to get up.
:On the increase in food prices, TMC Leader Richard Marak on Tuesday questioned the measures taken by the Government in this regard.
Lamin XI beat Man I Bha Shkentalang 3-1 in the quarter-finals.
However, with the spirit of helping the residents, the Seng Samla Dong Mawbynna together with the Synjuk Seng Samla Shnong under the leadership of Samla Ricky Pathaw have been able to build a house in Mawbynna hi which they have spent more than 6 lakh.
“We are deeply concerned about the steps taken by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) regarding this National Highway and the entire length of the road has caused shame to the neighboring states and They also expressed their concern over the condition of this road which has disrupted the traffic of vehicles and the public and which has caused traffic jam for many hours. The JAC in a petition to Bah Prestone Furthermore, the JAC said that until appropriate measures can be taken, the residents will continue to face the problem especially when it comes to In view of the current condition of this road which has prompted the residents to express their anger against the government and the NHAI because even after the assurances from the NHAI but until now no steps can be taken that will overcome this problem.
To Him who can give and who can help, we turn to Him and join Him.
Election Pohing won the first prize in the fishing competition organized by the BMC of Ratacherra Dorbar Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
Then the king commanded to call the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers, to shew the king his dreams.
When he arrived at NEIGRIHMS, he was rushed to the COVID-ICU. He suffered from shortness of breath.
He said that all the costs of the case will be shared equally between the cases, except for Acts of God. The question is, whether the government department India, can you defeat your own government? Why don't you put this case in the courts? Only here too, the implications of this work are not understood.
Without thinking, it was seen, on both sides of the road, as well as in the middle of the river, that there were many farmers, who were still harvesting the muli and kubi to gather together and clean, in order to prepare for the merchants to come and buy these crops.
There was also a special program by Garo youth, Khneng Cooperative Society, Mawphira and Mawshamok among others.
What the farmer needs to know about this is that the male Kynphor tree does not produce children, however, in the Kynphor field, some male Kynphor trees are needed, so that the Kynphor tree can bear fruit. Female stalks are very large and produce seeds.
Lydia's mother asked her daughter to cook with Hep.
The opening match of the tournament will be between AB FC and SK United XI FT at 1 pm.
Therefore, shall we blame the women here? This statement, although not new, reminds us of what we have heard more and more.
However, it was at this school, the Ramakrishna Mission Cherrapoonjee, that I drew from the wells of thought of the great men of India and these gave me the foundation and shaped my entire life.
Expressing that the public should not be afraid, the Minister said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been vigilant through the Integrated Disease Surveillance Program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today informed that MeECL can release water from Jingkieng heh at Umïam at any time. If it continues to rise, the water will have to be released from the Umïam Dam.
The method of exercise should provide sufficient movement to avoid physical illness.
Who else can be the son of the lymboit or the son of the lymbiang to bring back the light of hope for the small country or the paid knup paid trap.
Ma Sniawbhalang has tested positive for COVID-19 in the past two days and has not traveled outside the state.
The program was attended by A.Banarwal, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, EJHD, Khliehriat as the Chief Guest, Dr.T.Shylla, Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block, Dr.R.Pyrtuh, Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block. , Saipung C&RD Block, Bah T.Kyndiah, District Child Protection Officer, EJHD and other leaders.
Therefore, the Dkhars now sell willingly to their fellow Dkhars like Upper Mawprem, Garikhana, Laban, Laitumkhrah and others as they wish.
Police said that Mumtaz met his new wife on Facebook and said that Mumtaz was seen outside the court and as soon as he saw him, they informed his wife and immediately and she came quickly to the place.
This was announced by the Minister of Veterinary Affairs, Bah AL Hek after a meeting with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District to monitor the construction of the Center in Ri Bhoi District.
When inquired, the PHE Engineers said that during the rainy season, when the rainfall is too heavy, the garbage from Wah Um market has been increased. 0.7 mg per liter and Lachumiere 0.3 mg per liter.
Out of the 865 degrees, 147 have received PhD, 38 have received M Phil, 1222 have received Post Graduate and 7246 have received degrees.
Replying to Titos' allegation that the MLA has not fulfilled his promises on the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL), Gavin said, “I don't want to promise anything but I have the right to do so. Who does the people of Sohra Constituency call 'Bah Kular'? I don't promise in any public meetings and so on.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : U Minister of PWD (Building) Dasakhiatbha Lamare today said that there is no need to hand over a CBI inquiry into the collapse of the Dome of the new Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
It is the first time that a non-Congress government has been installed in India.
Speaking to reporters, Rimon Suchiang said that there are 37 households in Baikam and the residents of the area are not aware of the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam. , but it was not until the MOU was signed that they received information.
The awards were presented to Lumshyiap Village, Darechikgre Village and Dura Kantragre Village.
The blang, in his foolishness, supported himself and the myrsiang escaped.
After the incident, the mother of the child together with her family members lodged a complaint at Nongstoin Police Station against the robber identified as Ropikul Syiemlieh, 23 years old. the village of Nongpynde.
Fortunately, he was never shot or bombed.
On the other hand, Bah Fantin expressed his strong opposition to the introduction of the word 'Territorial' instead of the word 'District' in the proposed amendment to Article 7 of the Constitution.
The High Court's remarks came while hearing a case relating to traffic jam in Shillong.
The Meghalaya Police Service in 2004 has released a song to commemorate the policemen who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty including (L) Raymond Phillip Diengdoh, MPS Ashok Chakra (Posthumous) and all the policemen who sacrificed their lives in the line of duty. police who sacrifice their lives to fight crime.
Bah AL Hek, Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary was the Chief Guest and SC Sadhu, Secretary, AH & Veterinary Department was the Chief Guest. no guest of honor.
Prestone said that if there is no unity and the family is not united, how can we think of providing good services to the people.
But there are also parents who get children who are like solid sticks in their old age such children please their parents, when children can please their parents u These children are not deceived anywhere because they receive the love and blessings of their parents and these are the trees that strong parents or those strong relationships in the home.
He said the CAB is against the Constitution of India because it allows people of other countries to become Indian citizens on the basis of religion.
Jowai, November 19: The Public Account Committee (PAC) under the leadership of Paul Lyngdoh, MLA Jaiaw as Chairman, Hopeful Bamon MLA, Bluebel Marak MLA, together with local MLA Coming Ymbon, Additional Chief Engineer, TR Talukdar, along with other PHE officials from Shillong and Jowai, today visited the irrigation scheme which has been implemented at Raliangna since
In West Khasi Hills District, 506 people have been tested positive.
Special Pediatric Orthopedic OPD Camp on 26th June, 2019 (step) at Orthopedic OPD, NEIGRIHMS; The Department of Orthopedics will hold a special Pediatric Orthopedic OPD on 26th June, 2019 (step change) at Orthopedic OPD, NEIGRIHMS to screen and treat orthopedic diseases during childhood including examination children who cannot stand or walk due to congenital defects, diseases of the bones and jaws that affect the movements and bone diseases, diseases of the eyes and diseases of the budlum which are rare.
He said he could no longer cooperate with the Congress led by the MUA-II government under Mukul Sangma because it was trying to attack despite many opponents.
Dr.C Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning Constituency, Bah RN Wahlang, SE PWD and other officers from other government departments were also present at the opening ceremony.
The training was held as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State.
Matthew 24:3-7.
“The government's increase in tax on petrol and diesel has increased the price of transportation and transporters have to pay illegal collection of fees on the Guwahati-Shillong road which is T.7 to 8,000 per vehicle.
Shillong: The Ministry of Education, Shillong, has held a live streaming program of the Chief Minister's program at Raj Bhavan, Shillong in the presence of the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, Minister of Education. Rakkam A Sangma, Advisor to the Ministry of Education, Bah HM Shangpliang, officers, army chiefs and students from various schools.
The incident happened at 4 pm this evening when a truck number ML 11 8124 which was heading from Guwahati to Shillong collided with a Bolero Pick. Three persons were seriously injured and taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. impatient.
Saudi Arabia beat Argentina 2-1 in the World Cup in Qatar on Saturday.
Next to the woman was a juti shiliang and a bag containing several items such as a knife, a knife, homeopathic medicines, a water bottle, a mobile phone and an ID card.
Replying to the allegation of illegal coal smuggling in the state, Lahkmen said he does not want to talk about any illegal coal smuggling in the state but he feels that any illegal smuggling should not be allowed. you are at peace.
New Delhi: The President of India, Droupadi Murmu today presented the National Florence Nightingale Awards for the years 2022 and 2023 to nurses at a function held at Rashtrapati Bhavan today.
All these 12 persons have been immediately taken to the Quarantine Centers in their respective districts.
On Saturday, YSWC Thangbuli will play against Amlarem Social Club at 1 pm while Umladkhur SC will play against YC Pdengkarong at 2:30 pm.
He wrote this book about his 60 years of journey as a Christian and to honor his parents who ate kwai at the door of God.
We appeal to the MPs to understand the value of the jaidbynriew, the value of the future generation by bringing it into Parliament.
“Look these days, the price of beef is T.450 but now it has increased to T.800 per kilo and other commodities but the income of the people remains the same.
When trying to find out the truth about the reason for the misunderstanding between the two sides, Samla S.Lyngdoh, GS EJNC, said that it is the lack of knowledge of this foreigner to respect the , in telling a story that made them raise their hands to the foreigner.
This incident has also brought condemnation from many quarters.
According to Man, he had received information that the District Council officials were collecting T.500 from one truck but when he called the CEM, he said that it was T. 200 tyngka per truck, “This is an illegal and unlawful act,” said Bah Man.
On the insurgency, the Chief Secretary of Assam said that the two DGPs of these states have worked together to curb the insurgency.
In the Under-17 category, North Liberty HSS beat Kiang Nangbah HSS 3-0
Shillong: A riot has broken out in Mairang, after angry residents started throwing stones and burning several vehicles outside the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills. District, shortly after the counting of MLA votes, on Friday evening in which one person lost his life in a riot and destruction.
In the past, the salary deficit was small, but with the struggle, we don't even have to spend money, we don't even have to provide education to our children.
The coronavirus has spread rapidly in the United States, with more than 3 million cases.
This preparation is difficult because parents have to put their children in expensive hostels and guest houses.
This delay in salaries has never happened during the terms of other Principals but it is only during the tenure of the current Principal that the teachers have not received their salaries.
Full Office Bearers of FKJGP Baniun Unit: President: Bantei Nongkhlaw, Vice President: Wealthy Synrem, General – Secretary: Iengskhem Rynjah, Asst.Genl Secy: Lastring Hoojon, Education Secy: Michael Pyngrope, Asst.Education Secy D: Kyrshan Social Secy: Richmond Kharkongor, Agriculture Secy: Sylvanus Pyngrope, Sports Secy: Khrawboklang Phira, Information Secy: Ricky Basaiawmoit.
This can be understood from the fact that they are closely associated with the traditional religions of the country and the countryside in terms of shat, kheiñ, kñia ka khriam.
The Kupli project has a capacity of 275 MW and is one of the strongest hydropower projects in Assam.
Conrad said the state government will ensure that those who were shot will get a fair trial and those involved in this shooting will be brought to justice.
Finally he got a shisha and put it on the bread.
It is such public leaders who are called wise and intelligent leaders or those who are called in foreign languages ​​“Statemanship of Representatives”.
Up to 20 members were also elected.
The vehicle they were traveling in was a Toyota Fortuner SUV with the inscription 'Jamtara MLA', or the vehicle of Irfan Ansari.
When asked about the shortcomings, Bah Pynshngain declined to comment on the matter, but said, “At present we cannot say anything to them but we will hold a meeting to discuss this. ",.
“I have been going to Umkiang PHC for three days to get medicine for my 11-year-old son, but for three days there is no doctor and only one nurse,” said Wanbor Bareh, a driver of Umkiang PHC. This is the case in Shillong.
The worst collapse occurred at Sonapur tunnel on Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills district, and at Rngaiñ on Shillong-Dawki road.
For the benefit of the farmers in the state, they have already sent the staff of the Institute to several places in West Khasi Hills, to complete the research and after bringing In the report, they found that West Khasi Hills is the best district for planting this variety of soh tree and the climate is also suitable.
When the language is lost, the nation also dies.
The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) has congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs for providing assistance to the athletes of the association to take part in the tournament. the IFMA World Muay Thai Championship in Bangkok, Thailand.
“In order to expedite the work, the government should set up an inspection team on the cyclone incident in the state in these days,” said Bah Kuralang.
(Hons) Natural Farming Degree program at a seminar held at College of Agriculture, Central Agricultural University (Imphal), Meghalaya.
The new OM on the Reservation Roster has been issued.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 18,03,696 with 5,79,357 undergoing treatment, 1,186,203 discharged and 38,135 deaths. .
We are recognized by our customs and traditions, dress, language, ethnicity, land tenure, food and so on and therefore, we are those who come from the Hynniewtrep people.
He said that the height of the 50 degree sharing building will not be allowed to build houses while the 40 degree sharing will be restricted in height and length.
Kharmujai said that when he was a child, his parents sent him to school to learn how to write letters.
The union also congratulated the police for their efforts to arrest the robbers involved in the murder of Bah Syrpailutphar Khonglam on the night of 26th July at his residence in Iooksi.
The solar power solution has been installed at Umsawnongkharai Health and Wellness Centre, in collaboration with the state government and a company known as SELCO Foundation. state of Assam.
Lajong coach Alison made three substitutions for Kitboklang Pale, Samuel Lalmuanpuia, Samuel Kynshi and Nabin Rabha.
On the other hand, Bah Dorphang said he had nothing to do with the accident and why Bah Nongrum said something wrong.
Speaking to the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, Bah C.Syrti, urged them to be vigilant about the movement of the people and not to allow them to they shall go in and out as they please.
Other invitees included S Lalthangzo IES, Economic Advisor of NEC, MB Tongper, ADC Ri Bhoi District, Kong L.
From Thyllaw, Bah Bhanusib Rynga expressed his views on why the incident occurred, and these views of Bah Bhanusib Rynga are the same as he has already spoken to the media in these. In the past few days, also from the Mawlongbna side, Bah Dilondar Marwein has expressed his views as they have already spoken to the media in the past few days.
He said the party stands firm to demand the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and other political parties in the state to curb the entry of foreigners into the state.
At the time of writing, the driver of the vehicle has not been identified and the victims have been taken to Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment. The injured have been sent to Shillong for treatment. .
Someone called me many times, I told them all, don't believe it.
The Kur wants to have a good and peaceful life in the Kur as a whole.
More information can be obtained from the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongstoiñ.
Secretary KSU Khliehriat Circle.
"My son, I'm proud of this... I'm surprised how this happened..." asked the mother. Lanosha smiled in front of her mother and began to tell these things. all that happened during the journey with Mrs. Daplin.
Posters have been placed on the streets of Bengaluru ahead of a meeting of the opposition parties on the 18th of this month. May 29th.
The law and order situation in Guwahati is still very tense.
“Unfortunately, he (the Prime Minister) has misused this opportunity to serve the people of the state, but he has been involved in corruption with the MDA members,” said the media coordinator of the AICC. Bobbeeta Sharma while talking to reporters.
Dhar said that the road was repaired in 2013-2
The union also wants the government to give an answer on how to implement it within 7 days with a proper consultation with experts, leaders from those groups and all those involved in the arrangement. the path to implementation.
However, there is hope that the central or state government schools will be established soon.
Antonio said that the MPCC has informed that there will be a meeting of the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) in KHADC convened by the Working President of the MPCC, James Lyngdoh. Pynshngain, the CPP leader, did not know about this.
He said the party will sit down to discuss how to strengthen the party from the state to the districts and constituencies.
She was named Best March Past in Blue House, Best Discipline in Yellow House, Best House in Red House, Best Drill Junior in Blue House and Best Drill in Yellow House.
Birds and wild animals such as the elephant, the lizard, the skei, the risang, the pig, the shrieh and others are often found living and inhabiting only in forests with many trees or forests. thick.
These lines of the author clearly state that “The answer also changes, whether it is bad or good”.
We thank Ubalah Ubaiai, Kynrem, Lyndan, Syntai, Bulot, Simpah, Simsong and Syiem Longdoh Longpun who have been appointed by our honorable MDCs as announced to the public through the Press Release and the Media. of the documents dated May 26,
Explaining the characteristics of the suspect, they said that he was round in shape, 5.4 feet tall, iong shniuh and when he left the house, he was wearing a a blue trousers, blue slippers and a white shirt.
In the second match between Young Langsning and Inningstar XI, Young Langsning won the toss and elected to bat first.
The state government has recently issued an announcement to distribute Rs 7.5 lakh to the families of those who died while in jail.
“If in Motphran a private vehicle can park at will, while a tax paying taxi cannot even pick up passengers, doesn't it cause traffic jam?”, asked Ban Wandonbok.
Most of the money was seized from a man named Jahangir who has nothing to do with Alamgir Alam,” Prasad said.
The Word of God is written a little here and there, a little from the book of Daniel, a little from the book of Revelation, a little from the book of Isaiah and in the letters of the Apostle Paul to the Hebrews and so on.
The Lajong coach said that the lack of physical strength and physical fitness compared to the players, has required the players to be fast in the way of playing, as the slower it will give advantage to the taller players. .
The ceremony started on the 1st of this month by the Khrong Niam under the supervision and leadership of the Longdoh, who is the head of religion in Raij Ialong.
On the same day, the CM also launched various programs including MegARISE, Meghalaya State Organic Mission 2.0, Green Meghalaya and FOCUS. The project also allocates T 400 crore for the protection of forests.
There will also be prizes for both boys and girls.
Jesus Christ is the Firstfruits of that resurrection.—1 Corinthians 15:2
He said that as the Chief Minister of Tripura, he would like to express his gratitude to the Prime Minister for this kind deed.
The Japanese Coast Guard said it had done its utmost to expedite relief measures as soon as it saw the incident.
And that is that Israel is God's sword.
During the hearing, 218 cases worth T.78,89,019 were concluded and these include the payment of bank loans, telephone bills and electricity bills. , in which the payment includes complaints from different Districts of the State.
“We have to be prepared to prevent the spread of this disease to the rural areas, where the government will strengthen the health centres, will set rules to close the most affected areas. “It is important to provide testing centers and to provide timely reports so that we can get timely treatment,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Ronnie said that Rahul Gandhi's march from Manipur to Mumbai will also expose the shortcomings of the BJP government which has led to unemployment. and other economic downturns in the country.
However, the goal did not last long and within 10 minutes, Khliehmuchut managed to turn the tide through Elizer Suiam (77) who put the ball well and scored the goalkeeper. Saindur didn't believe him.
The newspapers did not write the reason for the resignation of these six MDCs, but it is understood that there are many who are critical of the allocation of T.50 lakh by Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM. one MDC from the Government of India.
Everyone expects Bah Pynshngain to take over the new party before the elections but so far this plan has not succeeded although he has announced in the media that he will resign from the post of MLA. and Naiur did not die.
During these two days of the tournament, several competitions were held such as drawing, mawpoiñ, shooting, traditional costumes, which was attended by all the children.
In November 2022, the Deputy Secretary in-charge Transport said that in July, 2023, the department has collected T.1.38 crore from three weighbridges, namely, at Umling (Entry) Ri Bhoi. , Umling (Exit) Ri Bhoi and Killing, Ri Bhoi while from three other weighbridges, namely, at 8th Mile (Phramer), Borsora and Bagli, the gatekeepers paid only T.
This 50th Jubilee Mawmer is a sign of looking back 'to the past, through the present, to the future', whether we have reached the goal or where we have reached.
Therefore, as a state, we need to have such a special oil refinery so that we as the people can avoid the increasing exploitation of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU). ).
But, still there was a slowdown.
The organization has donated Rs.20,000/- (Twenty Thousand) tyngka.
“The ownership of land is the recognition of the citizens of the state.
We have also seen the emergence of Coaching Centers which are no longer recognized,” he said.
They shall drive away and devour you like dogs and cats.
We see that this has encouraged us as students,” said one of the students from Pynursla.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that there are students who have passed their degrees and received their certificates. , but what Prestone Tynsong has to say is that “this is not enough but they should look further at the higher mountain”.
Marwein said that after the incident, the man fled to the Nepali area and lodged a complaint with the Assam police against the members of the Seng. Assam Police on Saturday night came in three vehicles to Nongma Market and arrested Artingwel Kharsanglein, a member of the Seng, while he was sleeping. You are also a member of the Seng who has a disability.
He said the BJP is one of the parties and the MDA government has shown that it too has seen this.
There are also questions to the government and the sports department in the state whether the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Polo, Shillong) has not been completed yet. organize this lympung.
As the signs show, it is clear who will form the Government in Delhi.
In the men's junior recurve, Rampal Choudhary of Rajasthan won the gold medal, Amit Kumar of Madhya Pradesh won the silver medal and Devraj Mohapatra of Meghalaya won the gold medal. the bronze medal.
On the other hand, Assam will also include the MDCs of KAADC in its Regional Committee, but the Meghalaya government has not yet decided on this as it will hold a meeting before appointing its Regional Committees.
On the same day, he also distributed checks of Rs 27.60 lakh to 40 Producer Groups.
In the second match, Cricket Lovers CC won by 44 runs against Pomshutia CC. Cricket Lovers CC won the toss and elected to bat first. Md.Muksodul Choudhury scored 41 runs from 20 balls for 155 runs for the loss of 6 wickets in 20 overs. to 4 Overs.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, in reply to a question by George B Lyngdoh MLA, said that the bridge at Dwarksuid has been completed. will be completed by the end of October 2021.
Shillong, July 24: In reply to a question by Bah Jansing M Tynsong, MDC Lyngkyrdem, who asked whether it is true that the felling of trees in the forests of the district. The Council in Aradonga, EM in charge of Forest Department, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who is also the CEM, said that it is true that the felling of trees. in the forest at Aradonga continues and the answer he put on the table of the House of Representatives.
It is necessary for the state to have a Tribal Sub Plan (TSP) on how to prepare for the drafting of a new resolution, which is unanimous and impartial.
She said that when the two Khasi youths arrived at Anand Vihar, they were taken to a more remote place where the company officials admitted that it was their workplace.
All the speakers including the MLA and DC urged the Aganwadi workers to take good care of this house and keep it clean.
It is after such people have experienced the newness of life that they understand the responsibility of dignity and morality and wait for the help of God who empowers them to live a righteous life through spirituality. , the kind hands of fellow human beings and the government.
He said that the village does not know why the people from Karbi come to damage this forest which they use every year.
The union expresses its regret and surprise that recently they have seen that there is a clarification in the Assembly that government schools are safe in the rural areas, but what the union has found is that they are poor. There has been no government plan to improve schools especially in the rural areas.
“We have been in power for several years and during our rule there were many such protests but the difference in the government's actions is that at that time we didn't ban the internet but we could raid the internet. Peace and order even in the midst of protests that could lead to violence but this government now has only one protest that they will do is to shut down the internet and this action of the MDA government is to force the voice of u “I don't want to see them being criticized for not being able to govern the state,” he said.
The report of the Seng Kynthei was also read out by the chief guest, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who also launched the Souvenir of the Seng Kynthei.
They are President Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Vice President Chawas Dkhar and Market Dkhar General Secretary, Kyrshanbha Dkhar Assistant.
Thangkhiew said that according to the investigation, the cause of the incident was a lightning strike and it was a different incident as the transformer is 350 meters from the house. .
Threll Dkhar (14) and Bantei Lamare (42) scored for Evergreen Mukhla.
He said the body was found in a more remote area.
Kakong Rishalin, who has been involved with many senior leaders of the HNLC, joined the HNLC this year when she was 14 years old and was trained in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
He gave the example of a logging ban which was closed without proper consideration.
The village leaders of Pillingkata, alleged that during the inspection by these government officials from Assam, there were many land which still falls under Meghalaya, but they admitted that these land, have fallen under Assam. The village leaders, the people of Pillingkata and the civil society groups were very angry.
Commenting on the delay of the State Government on the grounds that the Inner Line Permit and MRSSA are still under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Samla Lambokstar Marngar said, “But the Government has gone ahead. The Governor has sent it to the Government of India and (the State Government) has been informed that the Government of India is still considering the Resolution of the ILP and MRSSA.” “We “It makes us think that maybe the Government doesn't want to implement the issues we demand,” he said.
“This non-release of funds by the Central Government affects not only the teachers in SSA, but also the implementation of the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan,” he said.
Some of the few who avoid meat are those who typically rely solely on motors for protein intake.
The meeting was attended by Vice Chairman Comingone Ymbon MLA, CEM Thombor Shiwat, MDC Barato Aiborlang Shadap, DC BS Sohliya and others.
It may be recalled that in July 2020, the leaders of KSU Mawshynrut through the voice of the people, reminded before the Chief Minister along with a petition on the demands of the people of the area.
When He showed Abraham the land He intended to give to him and his descendants, God also set rules and boundaries that meant that Abraham and his descendants Israel. it shall not exceed the limits which God has set (Gen. 15:18).
Ukraine has been sending drones to attack Russia from time to time as part of its efforts to counter Russia's actions.
Mardiphone Rymbai scored 11', 20' and Oneenjoy Dkhar 45'+3
“Until we get the ILP, we should implement the MRSSA,” said CoMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin.
The Chief Minister said that there are about 1800 people who have been able to contact the doctor of Bethany Hospital before he contracted the corona virus. has already collected their names for monitoring their health.
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar said that in the past 9 months, he has visited all parts of the state, he has found that many youths and people in the state love football and have talent and the government has a responsibility to promote and provide for the needs of the sports industry.
Thousands of people flocked to Lympung Weiking during these three days to witness the traditional dance especially on the closing day.
The body has not been identified and police are conducting an investigation to conduct a post mortem and register a case to find and identify the body. you are old.
Manthan Dey scored 43 runs from 35 balls and Parikshit scored 21 runs from 12 balls.
If we turn a little bit to the past and the holy age by studying and based on those times that have passed, we understand that even though people don't have the knowledge like in this age of knowledge, thousands of people are alive. They know and understand how to maintain their dignity and manners in walking, standing, speaking, talking, dressing properly. There is no more theft, looting, robbery, murder, robbery. They do not be selfish or selfish, and they do good things that are examples to others.
In another tournament, Rymbai Shkenshynriah Sports Club beat Mookyrdup Sports Club 3-1 in the second leg of the tournament.
Allantry said that on 15th July 2015, the Times of India newspaper published an article that the Punjab Congress had sent a resolution to the Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh. The Punjab Congress has also warned that if the party does not accept, it will endanger the Congress party in the country.
In this regard, the Mawphlang MLA asked the Secretary PWD (R) Bah PR Marwein whether the department has any information about the deterioration of this road and whether the government has sent anything to the government to allocate funds to improve this road to relieve the people from the problem.
In the Group E match, Germany from the start struck Japan's goal but failed to score and it was not until the 33rd minute that they opened the scoring through Ikay Gundogan scored the third penalty to give the team a 1-0 lead at the end of the first half.
Jowai: Police of West Jaintia Hills District today raided Iurim Biam, Psiar (Block 1) to clash with Assam Police, who have set up camp in Iurim Biam, Psiar (Block 1), today. 4 kilometers from Khat Kasla, on the road to Umkhyrmi-Mokoilum, which borders with West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
After that, they are cleaned with soil and placed in a clean place.
They can replace wheat and barley, and can also prevent diabetes, help with anemia, high blood pressure and blood-related diseases.
Lakadong Umlatdoh SCSC have secured a place in the quarter final after beating Iongkaluh SCSC in the final match of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA. plastic bag in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
The areas to be affected shall be within the boundary of Thadlaskein Block, Laskein Block, Amlarem Block and in all districts of Jowai.
In 2014, the contest between Purno from the NPP and the Congress candidate was spectacular.
The cause of her death has not been confirmed yet and police are investigating the matter.
I am confident that Balajied Synrem will provide a satisfactory service to the people of the constituency and that will be the bridge to
“When the coal has run out, the soil has been severely affected, now the agriculture has been affected, so when the time comes for the coal to run out, people will not be able to farm.
So did her Mother and Father.
Animals of all kinds need their own way of life.
Everbrightson Mylliempdah (8 min), Figo Syndai (39, 62 min), Damonlang Pathaw (41 min), Dajiedlang Wanshnong (57 min) and Nelson Rymbai (79 min) scored the seven goals.
Police in Nalgonda district arrested him and took him to Bommala Ramaram station.
Indeed, we see that many constituencies in the rural areas are large and wide which makes it difficult for the leaders to deliver development works around and to encourage the residents in all aspects to provide from the roads. roads, streets and other major infrastructure works.
In the under 18 girls category, Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin came first, Larijanai Wartde came second and Teilyntishisha Ramsiej came third.
Speaking to media, after a meeting with the Asst Commissioner Kong DBS Mukhim, Bah Marbud said that the ban will cause the farmers to suffer because they don't see the meat whether it is good or bad. before purchase.
Vincent said the whole of Meghalaya knows that the Youth Congress in Mylliem is the strongest and is also the weapon and leader of the Youth Congress in the state.
The total amount paid to the lawyers is T.23,16,0
Before the threat comes to power and the government takes great measures to fight this disease, some urgent suggestions to those who have lost their jobs from other countries and states which have so far been Once again, I urge the State Government to be concerned to do whatever is necessary to protect the people of the village by speeding up the make decisions.
In West Garo Hills, 32 cases, of which 25 are from the Armed Forces and 7 from civilians, have been reported in South West Garo Hills.
Conrad Sangma also announced that the NPP has appointed Roger Beni A Sangma as the Working President of the Youth Wing of the NPP. The NPP has been arrested for its 3rd Anniversary since the founding of the party by Purno A Sangma after the collapse of the NCP. Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the NPP is now well prepared for the MDC elections in GHADC to be held on the 12th of March. He said that so far more than 70 candidates have applied for tickets from the party to form the EC to rule in GHADC. However, he said that it has not yet been confirmed whether the party will contest in all the 29 constituencies.
The group congratulates Mewanaibiang Kharlukhi, Marshal Rympei and James Rynghang.
The distribution method is as follows, AAY will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District. to punish them according to the law laid down by the Government.
It is to be recalled that on 12th June, the VPP had gathered at this place before holding a march to the Secretariat to submit a petition to the government.
“It can be said that this initiative of the union has led MUDA to suspend the construction of a new building in Mawlong Market,” said Bless.
On the HNLC's demand for further peace talks, he said the law has already made it clear on this.
He said that even after the complaint, the SDO has not taken any measures to resolve the issue. The officers, as soon as they receive the complaints, try as soon as possible to resolve the power outage.
Tens of thousands of farmers have marched to Parliament from Ramlila Maidan today, demanding that the roads should be created to help the farmers in the country.
It is learned that there were also students who took part in the lymbuid entry into the dorbar hall.
He said that this decision was taken at a meeting held on the 16th of this month where hundreds of truck owners attended the meeting held at Hynniewmer.
"What's the matter with them..." said Bah Let. "Look at this writing he gave to the lawyer..." The sister took the pla and looked at her brother. “Then this man has already gone far away... But we must be careful, while I am still the Rangbah Shnong here, I will not hesitate to see... What kind of person doesn't have any more sympathy and as if he didn't meet anyone else, he didn't need anyone else in the village.
Another reason that we need to take into account is the lack of proper formulation of this type of fertilizer derived from other bio-pesticides which can kill Many farmers in our state have been affected by plant diseases.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that if Ampareen Lyngdoh is elected, the NPP will gain more power and strengthen its voice in Parliament.
But they were divided into two churches.
More than 1200 residents of these two villages, who have also been living on government land for many years, have applied for dulir pata to become full residents.
Regarding the sale of kwai, many tympew are broken, because there is no market and the fare to go to Pynursla is expensive and there is no production when there is no market.
“We have a lot of evidence to show that Mukul Sangma wants to use the HNLC for the upcoming elections,” the statement said.
Expressing his surprise at the invitation of the Inquiry Commission appointed by the Assam Government to the witnesses from Meghalaya, Bah Chandame Sungoh said, “The Inquiry Commission from Assam has been invited three times. called.
The Federation of Persons with Disabilities is a group comprising the Meghalaya Deaf Association, the Khasi Disabilities Association, the Garo Hills Association of the Deaf, the West Khasi Disabled People Organization, the Meghalaya Liberation Association of Visually Impaired and the All Meghalaya Association of Persons with They have sent a letter to the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) to complain against the statement of Bah Sein Osborn Kharjana against people with disabilities.
“There are Bills pending since 1995 until today,” said Teinwel. “The most recent ones are the Land Bill, the Clan Bill and others.
According to sources, the CEM's remarks to the UDP have shocked them and now the UDP can withdraw its support at any time. “What will happen if the UDP doesn't find out about the corruption, do they want to hide it like that? “Why should we support the EC which supports corruption? We want the truth to be revealed in the investigation,” said one of the UDP leaders who did not want to be named.
Tryptophan:— The high content of amino acids in pathaw seeds can produce the chemical serotinin which helps with sleep and prevents headaches.
Nongstoiñ: The State Bank of India Nongstoiñ Branch (SBI) has failed to provide ATM machines to the residents of Nongstoiñ area. There is a long line and you have to wait for hours just to get money and other necessities.
On the part of the leaders of the Seiñraij Jowai, they expressed their gratitude to all those who took part in this lehñiam from the beginning to the end of the day, in which the rituals and customs of the ancestors were fulfilled.
Bora said Sindh is no longer part of India and therefore the term Northeast India, which is the most important part of India, needs to be changed.
He said that the local parties only talk about their love for the nation but the work is not seen.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has said that he will meet with the Defense Minister, Amit Shah to discuss the impact of floods and landslides in Meghalaya.
Referring to the teachers which is a very difficult job especially in the North East, the Minister said that the state government is confident that skilled and intelligent teachers will be available at the college with the requirements. as it should be.
The department has used two diengkot in the recruitment process between candidates who have completed their studies from the government funds and those who have not attended government funds.
Reports said that if the Government of India introduces amendments to the Constitution, there will be a division of constituencies according to the population, as the KHADC has 30 MDCs, including 29 MDCs. elected by the people and one appointed, may increase to
Along with thousands of people, Bah Brighstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai, said that the VPP wants the MP elections to start with victory followed by the MDC elections and finally to seize the VPP. power in 2028, because you are ashamed to go abroad, when people say 'you come from the most corrupt and poorest state'
According to sources, eyewitnesses said that the incident happened at around 9 pm on January 19,
In a statement, the KSU said that the fire is extinguished from noon to 10 pm, the fire is extinguished all day long and the fire is also extinguished during the big churches but it does not burn. The fire comes regularly as usual every month and sometimes more than the amount used.
On the same day, the first Khasi book for the disabled titled “Jingshai na Ephphatha” written by seven authors was also launched.
Farmers urgently need agriculture market outlets, they need reasonable relief in times of natural calamities, they need They also need to receive forgiveness of farm loans in times of natural disasters and, especially, the farmers themselves MUST WORK TOGETHER WITH THEIR FARMERS TO THERE ARE VERY STRONG FARMERS IN THEIR AREA TO TAKE THEIR RIGHTS AND NEEDS BEFORE THE GOVERNMENT AND BEFORE THE GOVERNMENT PEOPLE KIN Shillong: There have been rumors that banks will be closed for seven days in the first month of November 2018 and this has caused a stir. of the large population in the country.
After the meeting, Marbud said that the ADC has promised to convene a meeting with the FCI authorities and the SP of the Traffic Branch soon to discuss these issues. the two organizations came to talk to him.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the newly elected CEM of ARPA, while congratulating the new CEM of KHADC in the House, said that the failure to hold a special session to elect a new CEM is due. Through the hard work of the ARPA, which has gone to the Governor from time to time, it does not want the Administrator to come to KHADC. ARPA leaders including Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit said that the government wants to appoint an Administrator in KHADC but the Governor has rejected the proposal. They said that they did not understand that with the Administrator's rule, the government could achieve its goals which it had planned to implement earlier, which according to their discussions they understood. that one of them is a uranium mine.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Although the protest against the overthrow of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma has intensified inside, many MLAs have refused to speak outside as they are still waiting for the decision from Delhi.
Shillong: U Bah Walton Lytan Jyrwa, formerly known as Bah W.Lytan, passed away at 4:15 pm this evening at his residence. he is in Lumbhalang, New Zealand.
On the other hand, the Union Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, Arjun Munda, launched the Central Sector Scheme 'PTP-NER' for the benefit of the Schedule Tribes of Northeast Manipur on 18th June
