It was due to the following of the public that these young Bangladeshis left the two men and survived and were immediately taken to hospital.
There are 621 cases of COVID-19 in the state so far, 373 cases in East Khasi Hills including 22 Armed Forces personnel and 351 cases in West Khasi Hills District. 10 cases, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 20 cases in Ri Bhoi, 24 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 134 cases in West Garo Hills. cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 131 cases from civilians, 15 cases from South West Garo Hills, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 25 cases from East Garo Hills and 131 cases from North Garo Hills. there are 6 people.
ISIS militants have reportedly fled to caves near the Euphrates River in Baghouz to escape the attack by US troops.
The court took this decision after hearing the PIL No.2/2022 relating to Suo Motu on illegal coal mining in Meghalaya.
He urged the HNLC to think carefully on this issue by saying, “I will allow the HNLC to continue the talks because the door is still open.
In fact, it is not a border area like Langpih and others.
Why should I praise my servants? When we have made a mistake in giving them jobs, when we have been slow to accept them when they are small and come to sit on the lyngknot in the fields, thinking that they are small and will work hard, when we have If we are misled in the colour, the flesh of the cow, the water, the clothes, or if we feel that we don't have time to rest when we die – if we are misled, we will fall. condemn yourself and live with that mistake.
Police said that the main trafficker escaped after receiving information that Lalrofel had been arrested.
There are some matters that their legal teams will know, we will look into them when the time comes,” said Dr Mukul.
The election process has become increasingly difficult in the darkness of money and has become increasingly difficult in the hands of the chiefs and it is still declining in the emergence of intelligent candidates and sometimes like kings. animals.
The EM of KHADC said that the Gram Sabha is a ploy to deceive the District Councils from recognizing the Village Authorities.
In the first match of the day, Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh 6-0 in Group 2 at the MFA Turf, Third Ground. , Polo, today.
Wanraplang Thubru, resident of Nangbah Iawmusiang, West Jaintia Hills District, has brought glory not only to Ri-Lum Jaintia but also to the state as a whole for the presence of such talented athletes.
Shillong: AICC President Rahul Gandhi is scheduled to hold public meetings in Shillong and Jowai on the 30th and 31st of this month.
“The achievement of Mission 10 by 2028 will also coincide with the 10th anniversary of the MDA Government,” he said.
Pamrakmai SC became the first team to qualify for the semi finals of the Second Division, while Moosianglamare Old and Lakadong Ummat SC reached the quarterfinals of the Third Division Football Association. (EJHDFA).
However, public health facilities have become increasingly fragile from the shortage of doctors, nurses to the lack of health facilities and medicines.
The meeting was canceled due to the protests of the people. The reason for their protest was that the arrival of the BSF troops would affect their agriculture and would also be a source of fear especially for the women. children in the area.
On the same day, other members were elected and confirmed.
He was the advisor to the former Chief Minister Salseng C. Marak on the establishment of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEDC).
Silence is the permission of those who destroy the state.
For more information please call 9856041365 &
The program was held on the 5th of this month with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly AT Mondal as the chief guest and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Bah AL Hek as the Symbud Chief Guest.
The Government should issue an order to abolish the kilo cut of agricultural products in the market especially for farmers who bring less than 50kg of agricultural products and to set up cold storage in the market and other places. there is no trade in the fields.
There is no time limit for the VPP and the people to give the MDA-2 government the Expert Committee to complete its work soon, whether within 10 months or 10 years. two years.
The ARPA has 17 MDCs and 6 from the UDP and if the UDP leaves, the ARPA will have only 11 MDCs which means it has lost its majority.
This Commerce Stream will be unique as Nongtalang College has been included under the People's College scheme according to the notification issued on 9th July
Bahlieh Thabah donated plastic chairs to the village church and Bah Prai Wanniang donated plastic chairs to the village.
Bah Sungoh said the reason is that most of the time they don't get a new transformer so they have to wait for it to be repaired from Shillong.
However, what surprises the union is how this can happen when the discoloration and death of fish often happens only during the dry season.
The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Dundee Khongsit said that after the issuance of the order by the Meghalaya High Court on the roster system, the FKJGP has not hesitated but has left. and met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) who said that it should be used in accordance with the rules of law.
The children of Garo Hills have also started to grow and appear in the field of sports including football which is also the most popular sport in the state and Shillong has gained the title of Garo Hills has received a news that has encouraged other football fans from Garo Hills where 2 children under 17 years old have been killed. Bipuish G Marak and Donkam M Marak have been selected for the U-17 squad by Hyderabad FC.
Proverbs 23:10-11.
Shillong, June 26: The employees of BSNL Shillong today staged a three-day strike under the banner of BSNL Employee Officers Shillong. matters including on payment relating to E1A and E2A in accordance with E2 and E3 and others.
He said that for several days the teachers have been protesting against the MLAs and MDCs. While Bah Wansuk Masar from KJHSTA said that the government should not implement a strategy to disperse the teachers.
When asked by reporters on Tuesday, Dr Bishnoi said that the information received by the police department remains only information and it has to be verified.
He said that according to the Meghalaya Private University Act 2019, IIPH should not have a society registered in the State but he was surprised to see the explanation of the Principal Secretary of the Department. Health Minister Sampath Kumar said that IIPH has set up a Society with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare with Sampath himself as Chairman.
Shillong: The Ministry of Environment and Climate Change, Government of India, is preparing to introduce the amendment to the Indian Forest Act (IFA) 1927 and has now sought the views of various states in the country.
Use your freedom to improve yourself and others.
Idashisha Nongrang IPS is currently the Special Director General of Police of the state and she is also the interim DGP until the appointment of Dr Lajja Ram.
“The report of the committee is being examined by the relevant department,” said Dr Laloo.
Speaking on the implementation and shaping of many development projects, he said that South West Khasi Hills District is one of the four districts in Meghalaya which has been selected for the implementation of many development projects. The Mawlangwir Cluster is one of the prominent clusters and has been a great blessing for the villages that have been implemented, said Bah Renik.
In East Bengal, Delgado did not take the first role as a teacher.
It should be remembered that the visits of the Prime Minister and Government Ministers around the country were not spent from their own budget but from the money of the people of the state.
This has made it easier for the priests and sisters as they don't have to go anywhere to take pictures as the Aadhar number is essential especially for those who travel abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: BSF troops of the 193rd Battalion on Tuesday seized sarees worth more than T.20 lakh from the border of East Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh, November 07: With concern over the failure of the district authorities in charge of supply in the district regarding the census of beneficiaries and the distribution of ration cards, it was found that The KSU, NKHD and HNYF Northern Region (NR) have demanded that the district authorities should not distribute these ration cards. The card cannot be arranged or issued to those who are entitled to receive it.
Pamrakmai village has 16 AAY cards, 176 PHH cards and 24 NON-NFSA cards, while the ration will be 53 quintals 68 grams.
“We will come back to power in the upcoming elections under the leadership of Dr Mukul,” she said.
When asked again, he replied, "You (journalist) know better".
Lajong are in third place with 26 points from 16 games, while Rajasthan United are in ninth place with 17 points from 16 games.
He said that this decision was taken after a meeting held with the seven Dorbar Shnongs in the Iewduh area to discuss the increase in crime and the dangers of drugs.
In these days, the heavy rainfall in the state and especially in Ri Bhoi, has caused various accidents in parts of the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, where it was said that during the hours of heavy rainfall There have been about 5 to 6 accidents, overturnings and falls of vehicles passing through the NH-6
On the other hand, antioxidants are free radicals that our body produces to protect itself from bacteria and viruses. diseases such as pneumonia, high blood pressure and eye diseases.
The two groups that lodged the complaint against the Syiem are the Sordar Raid Warmawsaw, Umsohbar and the group Killing Rani.
Eight people have died, of whom six have not been injected.
Likewise, he said Ukraine was simply doing what it was told.
Earlier, NPP Working President Conrad Sangma had met Defense Minister Kiren Rijiju to challenge the Central Government on the order of the Meghalaya High Court to impose the AFSPA in Garo Hills.
Please contact us at
On the lack of attention of the public to protect themselves from Covid-19, Dr War said that from time to time the department issues orders to protect themselves, but if the cases increase suddenly, the government will not refuse to re-implement the ban.
Because thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children Hosea 4:6
Last month, he was ready to start for Barcelona and win against Cadiz.
They have brought together the whole Khasi Pnar people. Don't forget these gods.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow at 1:00 pm at the Ladthalaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
In 1842 he published his first book entitled “Ka Kot Pule Khasi A-B”.
They know well from Delhi that in those Christian states like North East and South India, people are more respectful, more interested and understand better in English because it is the language of Europeans.
Jhanika Siangshai, Vice President Shimika Sungoh and Treasurer Daman Swer on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. They also sent a letter to the IAS to demand that all grocery shops in the district should put up signboards on the prices of essential commodities in their shops.
London.
Speaking as the guest of honor at the dedication ceremony of the Chapel at the Capacity Building Center of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod at Mission Compound, Shillong, Bah Adelbert said, It is not like a Christian state because if we look at the prevalence of corruption and theft, we don't see the future of the youth.
According to the CSWO, when the village leaders went to talk to the MeECL engineer at Lumjingshai, Shillong, they said that the slowdown in the construction of electricity bills is due to the MeECL employees sit in the office in Sohiong and make bills by imagining and without going to the homes of the people to measure the meters.
Relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are requested to immediately call the police control room for the recovery of the body at the following numbers: 0364-2222214 /
With this victory, MLP FT has 3 points.
Today, there was a clash in Lad Umsyiem near the BSF camp, after it was alleged that the BSF troops stopped a vehicle heading to Dawki and took the youths to the camp by tying them. , and here there was a stir until the people turned to the BSF camp and prompted them to fire bullets in the air to disperse the crowd.
Of course, we see that this pandemic is now in the middle of the road, but remember that it is not over.
The farmers received only eight 'mat.
“You the people, you are the ones who elect your Rangbah Shnong, if you find that he is not good enough, will you leave the village or will you replace him with another one?”, he asked.
Shillong, Nailar 16: To prevent the spread of alcoholic beverages which affects the dignity of the country and causes evil, the police on Sunday, conducted a campaign to drink alcoholic beverages in Sauh. Umtyngar, Kyrdem and Laitlyngkot.
"We have been told that the IO has lodged an appeal but we don't know what his appeals are against the order," she said.
“A total of 97 persons have been arrested by the investigation team in 56 incidents and 777 kilos of heroin worth T.25.40 crore have been seized so far this year. ," he added.
Thubru also urged the District authorities to take action against the parking of drivers along the National Highway NH-06 from Khliehriat to Umkiang.
However, in addition to this, there are other tools used by farmers around the world, these are the harrow, the cultivator, the planker, the Plangkar, seed drills, and others.
The success of this road is through the cooperation which is the path to economic development and income generation for the residents”.
As a sign of the launch of another vocational course in Agriculture, Mr. Dhar inaugurated the vocational course in Agriculture on the same day. The Principal, who said that this came to his mind after the outbreak of Covid-1
Jowai, July 12: Ka Seiñ Raij – 12 Daloi as it does every year this year in collaboration with the Seiñ Raij Shnong Wapung Shnong, 7-Trep, 7-Skum, is pleased to announce that the 26th Lympung will be held on the 28th, 29th January 2023 at Wapung Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District. 10:00 in the morning.
Without the Reservation Policy, you will not be able to access the Roster System.
There are 1,009 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 327 cases in East Khasi Hills including 24 Armed Forces and 303 civilians, 51 cases in West Khasi Hills District. In South West Khasi Hills, 258 cases including 6 Armed Forces and 252 civilians, 101 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 21 cases in East Jaintia Hills. , in West Garo Hills, 159 cases including 31 Armed Forces and 128 civilians, 6 cases in South Garo Hills, 9 cases in South Garo Hills and 128 cases in East Garo Hills. 58 cases and 16 cases in North Garo Hills district.
Explaining about the hospital, the CEM said that the treatment will be traditional medicine and the nurses or doctors are skilled in the field of traditional medicine and treatment.
This shows their courage to stand up for their lives,” said Dr Mukul.
The Chief Minister, Nitish Kumar, has offered to pay Rs 2 lakh to the families of the victims.
Remove the clean middle part so that it can get air.
When asked about the demand for a special session, Prestone declined to hold a special session to submit the report, but urged them to wait for a while, because on the first day of the the dorbar shall bring forward the report.
How sad it is to see the destruction of the forests which have loved all the living things in the world since ancient times, including mankind in the world.
Regarding the preparations for the Shad Pomblang, the Paiem said that the State Government through the Tourism Department has allocated T.2 crore 68 lakh to improve the accommodation for the public to witness the Shad Pomblang. in the Jewish Mountains.
In walking, standing, coming and going, we can see immoral behavior and hear immoral words, these things show that our morality has declined.
Everyone shall marry 10 of our women, and they shall grow into families and families from the seeds of wild donkeys and wild cows.
Nongpoh, Lber 16: The University of Science and Technology (PA Sangma) International Medical College and Hospital on the 14th of this month has celebrated the World Kidney Day. u Lber 2024 has celebrated this day as part of the campaign to prevent the spread of tuberculosis, which is one of the diseases that has begun to spread in these days.
JOWAI: The Jowai Youth Federation (JYF) on Saturday honored the MDC of Jowai North, Brightstar Chyrmang, former leader of the JYF at the JYF office in Mookyrdup.
After Kiang's death, his body was taken by the French troops and buried at Loom Mooliksoo.
Only one member of the Cabinet (Rakkam A.Sangma), who sits and does not hold the portfolio (mentioned).
Dame Bankyrshan Thangkiew won the Silver Medal in the 22 Kg category in the Sub Junior Boys E/K/H (St.Francis H/S/S).
He said that in terms of the cost of the vaccine, the government still needs T120 crore. If it is estimated that there will be 15 lakh people aged 18 to 45 years, the population and The 2 doses will be about 30 lakh vaccines at a cost of T.400 tyngka and T.120 crore.
Minerva Punjab Williams scored the first goal.
The TMC also has the same number of MLAs as the Congress and according to the law, any party to win an opposition leader must win 1/6 (one out of six).
Eating sohsaw can prevent the sun's rays on the skin.
Even the High Court has already expressed no confidence in the state police department to curb the mining and smuggling of coal.
The question now is, what has the Government done for the many children who do not have the opportunity to go to school? At the same time, we have to ask the Non-Governmental Organizations (Non-Governmental Organisations) which deal with the problems in the society whether they inform the Government so that everyone can be aware of the issues. each child shall have the right to educate himself or herself through education.
Speaking at the meeting, Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat said that from time to time Pastor Diengngan reminds him of the need to get this road from College Road to Pyndengdewsaw. the dwelling place of the orphanage.
Thus the Israelites lost the last opportunity that God had offered to the Israelites to be a means of reconciliation among themselves as a nation.
“Lajong has a special place in the history of football in North East India.
From 2:30 pm to 4:00 pm there will be Tennis, Carom Board, storytelling and watching TV and movies. Training by qualified teachers from various schools and colleges in Jowai.
The court also allowed the plaintiff to meet and talk to Justice Katakey who has been appointed to oversee the implementation of the NGT and Supreme Court orders regarding the illegal mining and trade of coal in the state. The illegal coal mining factory is also affected.
The party encourages the Bhalang parties who have taken the lead on the ILP not to back down at all because the time does not allow us to sit idly by.
Sangma said the people in Shillong are unaware of the border land grabbing which has been happening from time to time, as the state government itself has not taken action.
Jowai: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat on Tuesday donated rice seeds and fertilizer to the farmers in his constituency. on the second day.
Shillong: U Fr.Scaria SJ, Principal, Loyola College, Williamnagar (EGH) has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 13th of this month at 1 pm, robbers who robbed him Members of the ULFA forcibly entered his room at Loyola College and stabbed him with a knife, then tied him with a mophlor and looted T.22,0 and they stole a mobile phone.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has expressed his condolences to the Prime Minister of Nepal on the loss of his wife. pat him on the many blessings even though he lost it at this point.
Before the inauguration of the ambulance, a speech was delivered by the President of HANM, Bah Lambokstar Marweiñ. not only by words but also by deeds.
But there was no one to answer him.
On the 1st March 2020, the residents of Lapangap, who were angry with the state government's failure to protect the border, came out to evict the Assam road construction contractor, but after three months The Assam government has suspended the work of the road with the assistance of the police.
“The ILP is not a law to cover many aspects to prevent the infiltration of mynder and we already have a law on employees, foreigners to help the law to prevent the infiltration of mynder. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything in the state,” he said.
Shangpliang said the government should not look too much at the price because the government is not a trader because they are in the government and as the government should try to increase the price of tests and if there is a job sector, the government has to lower the test fee.
He said that this place does not have the beauty of the place through the creator and they will continue to think how to beautify and improve this place according to the use and bhah and God the Creator.
He said that the speed breakers appeared after a woman was hit by a two-wheeler in the middle of the road and died.
At present, the union has found that there are 7,653 vacancies in various departments in the state; However, what they are surprised is that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has answered wrongly, saying that there are only about 3,000 jobs and this is just an insult to the youth who are looking for jobs. jobs, or that the Chief Minister does not have that responsibility, for young job seekers.
Chapter 4.
These four women said that the most difficult thing in the distribution of soil scheme is that from the same household there are 4 or 5 beneficiaries.
MeEcl is not available in Lumshnong.
“For the same post in other districts and blocks, women have been allowed to apply, but unfortunately in West Khasi Hills, women have been refused to apply for the post. Nongstoin and was allowed only half the time at the time of the advertisement, but for a few months they did not allow young women to apply for this job,” said the youth.
S. Shylla scored the first goal for Laitumkhrah SC in the 36th minute while SDkhar and E Kharkongor scored the first goal for Umphyrnai SC in the 37th minute.
If we work for a minute to finish any job, we will not die of hunger but we will have enough to eat and drink at home.
It is the Congress that has caused the trouble, it has to take responsibility because it is the Congress that has caused the trouble,” he said.
“In the past 24 hours, there have been 106 new cases and six deaths,” said Lav Aggarwal, Joint Secretary, Health Department.
Shillong: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) today held a meeting with Samla Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary Conard Sana, Education Secretary Jowai Circle. President Girls Wing War Jaintia Circle together with several members congratulated Larisa Lamin who has achieved the top rank in the HSSLC Art Stream examination conducted by the MBOSE this year. school Northeast Adventist University.
In 1945, another organization was formed, known as the United Nations.
Malik also reprimanded the newly commissioned officers not to be tempted themselves and not to be pressured, even by their own wives, as they have many wives, who He also alleged that there are officers in Jaipur who have never been involved in corruption. They built a house in their village, but suddenly they built it with bricks.
“The NPP has worked hard to win both the Parliamentary seats in the Lok Sabha elections and looks forward to bringing about development works for the people and transforming the State. ," he added.
The Chief Minister of Assam, who used to travel with adequate security forces, left Jorhat for Golaghat this morning by road.
“We have selected companies to implement the electricity projects but the jobs remain pending because the government does not have the skills when selecting those companies whether they are skilled or not,” said Bah Rowel. He added that for this reason, the electricity projects awarded to companies in the state have been stalled for many years without implementation.
This violence against women and children is a matter which the government takes very seriously because the robbers take advantage of the children.
Info Secretary of FKJGP Reginald Thabah said that after receiving information that the ambulance was carrying foreigners, the FKJGP members stopped the ambulance but it increased speed and when it reached the hospital, The ambulance has arrived at the Umsning Police Station.
Shillong: U Mitesh Kr Pandit has been arrested from Madan Laban for allegedly cheating a girl of 50 tyngka.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, said that the Annex Building is a good way to improve the working of the court in all aspects.
Furthermore, there was no accident or injury, with even the driver and passenger of the truck escaping unharmed.
Replying to Akshay's post on her Instagram, Twinkle replied, “I am very happy with what I have seen.
When there are organizations, the work is easier because there is the cooperation of the members because one person cannot control, there will be diseases and therefore if the work does not work, there is a need for follow-up. and work to help leaders.
Shillong: There are 230 candidates for the two District Council elections on 27th June
With the presence of vitamin B6, it also helps to maintain the level of homocysteine.
Agreeing that many schools will be left behind if the NEP is implemented in hybrid mode, Rakkam said, “This is true because in hybrid mode, some colleges will be left behind and there is no one. The college wants this but if all decide not to leave, the State as a whole will leave which we have to choose.
He is a servant of God who works to bring peace and is also one of the keys to the peace talks with various groups in Assam and has been a ksiang from time to time.
The Financial Literacy Literacy was conducted by SURE in collaboration with the National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) and the Canara Bank branch of the Government of India in Jowai. .
For whom are these empty works done? Therefore, we need a change.
Editor: NALARYMPEI PRODUCTION, This song is produced by NALARYMPEI PRODUCTION. The song features many Khasi singers and singers, including Wanbha Khongsit, Steffenie Nongkhlaw, Benjamin Kharrymba and Amanda. Moreen Shabong and Baby Shabong.
I, Dibilin Langrin, Nongdaju West Khasi Hills District, would like to inform and clarify to the public that according to the statement in the Rupang newspaper on 20th August 2020, the village and volunteers appeared only because of my misunderstanding that on 19th August After I came back from Nongstion, I heard through the mail announced by the Rangbah Shnong that according to the random test conducted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare at Riangdo Market, two people have tested positive. , one is a driver and the other is a shopkeeper in Riangdo market.
Speaking to media, HITO President Donbok Dkhar said that the demand for an investigation by the CBI and ED into the corruption and illegal activities including the murder of the former President of JYF is part of the demand. Poipynhun Majaw, the shooting of Kong Agnes Kharshiing and other illegal acts that happened before 2018 and also demanded an investigation into the corruption of ration, the collapse of the round house. the Assembly and other corruption cases as the party has been demanding since 2022 which they have also submitted a petition.
However, he said that for the deficit colleges, as they are run independently by the managing committees, but they receive the support from the government, so the government will continue to support them too.
Iawphniaw said that the procession has been held since 2006 and is still going on.
How do the public think about this? Are there any political parties or groups like in the past that have gathered the people to oppose this NPP+BJP government which is remotely controlled by foreign forces in our country? If there is anyone who leads the people, they are ready to follow them in order to get their own government by their own people especially at this time when the time is still short and the time is still right to form a new government. .
“When I contested the election I didn't speak against anyone, I became an MDC and the people saw my work and when I contested the election I set the goal to provide the right service to the people to improve in all areas. "I'm sorry," said Grace.
Speaking to reporters, Donnok said that the state police have come to surround the residence of Conrad K Sangma, because of the arrival of HITO. He said that many youths have lost their jobs in the past years due to the outbreak of Covid-19 and if the government extends the year of employment, the youths will still have the opportunity.
The 100th anniversary of the Salesian Society in Ri Khasi Jaintia, began with the raising of the flag in front of Mot Don Bosco, the song of the organization and the honor of Mary, who is also the patron saint of the organization. and followed by a march from that place to the Christian Relief Society.
Remember on the 2nd evening you will call Conrad and Prestone and ask him to send you a small lyngknot,” said Prestone at an election campaign rally in Rangshken for the candidate. The NPP has won the election.
Referring to the allegation that he is a powerful person, Sawkmie said, “I am not a powerful person as Pyndap alleged, I work for the people and I serve the people properly. The demand for an Administrator is because the ARPA has become small paid, if counted in the Dorbar, but Pyndap is afraid that if the EC does not do this, he will lose his revenue collection gate. “If we talk about patriotism, he will prove himself to be a patriot if he becomes CEM in the coming days,” said Bah Sawkmie.
According to a source received by Mawphor, some Rangbah Shnongs who did not want to be named have expressed their concern about the proper implementation of this scheme and the reason is that the government not only the delay in the release of wages and especially the delay in the release of materials.
The woman had left her home in Shillong to go to her village in Jowai and had taken her children with her because they were on leave. The bus (ML-05G 7007) of the Jowai-Khliehriat bus collided with another vehicle while the bus was moving backwards.
Joe Marwein, President FKJGP, said that during the talks with the government, the FKJGPs raised 9-10 issues, including the discussion on how to strengthen the ILP. What remains now is another meeting to take a decision to implement the curfew.
The intention of the Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai to change the custom of kheiñkur from mother to father is harmful and the Dorbar Dalariti has approved this.
She said that the people of Meghalaya, by virtue of their wealth, have the right to live in peace.
If we had been able to protect and preserve the above, our nation would have been one of the most advanced nations in all aspects.
She said she will urgently meet face to face with the government ministers in charge of both the departments including Kong Roshan Warjri and Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss these issues.
The fair was held at Jarain Community Hall, where the Director of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division Dr. JS Jyrwa was the chief guest and the SDO, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division was the chief guest.
Shillong: Speaking on the protest of the people of Assam living in Meghalaya, NESO General Secretary Donald V Thabah on Tuesday said that the NESO will appeal to the Supreme Court against the citizenship. Amendment Act 2019 of the Central Government.
Many people came to see the sohsaw at the residence of Balahun Kharkongor in Pdeng shnong , Madanrting paint.
He also encouraged these youths who have completed this training program and especially those who have received these equipment and as youths who have received training they have to have that responsibility to provide protection in case of any natural disaster or other disaster as they have learned, he added.
Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Shillong Bikram D. Marak has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Shillong.
In these divisions, the Election Department has found that there are 343 dangerous areas where security forces have been deployed which do not exist and which have been brought in by the Central Government. Acting Chief Secretary PBO Warjri, said that security forces have been deployed to the areas where it is necessary to be vigilant and not to be stingy.
“We demand that the JMB should immediately clean up the garbage within two days,” said Monjurlang.
This was announced by the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District (SDPRO, Mairang).
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced that although the positive rate has decreased in the state, the government has decided to continue the lockdown in East Khasi Hills until 21st of July.
Therefore, leaders should come forward (to the negotiating table).
Bobita Ray 36kg Female Pynthorumkhrah,
Now is the time for farmers to produce jhur ki jhep, rice, soh and others.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit today met with the CEM of JHADC under the leadership of President Samla Ohibait Dkhar and Samla Garland Shadap Assistant General Secretary. They have submitted a petition to the CEM JHADC, Bah Madonbai Rymbai, regarding the creation of Schedule Tribe for Khasi Pnar girls who marry mynder.
The reports that there has been an order from the authorities not to serve meat in the hospital are not true.
“This road deterioration is on the Borghat, Kharkhana, Muktapur, Syndai and Amlarem roads,” said Deimonmi Bareh.
To avoid being seen by people we had to walk only at night until morning where we could see by the light of the moon and stars.
Politics is politics and cannot be easily counted.
The Minister also held a meeting with the officers in Imphal on security and asked them to take firm measures to curb bloodshed, against armed men and to recover weapons. fight against those who have been defeated and bring back peace.
He said that in 2023, the people of Khasi Jaintia should remove 35 people, who have not spoken to do anything, but only one person who has not revealed his name and who has not received the support of the people. In conclusion, Bah Louis Dohtdong, congratulated the youth of HITO, who have organized this protest for the sake of the country and the nation as a whole. .
She said that attempts to donate blood to make money between patients and blood donors are very bad attempts.
He said that at that time police had released Cicilia Pariong from Meja in Uttar Pradesh and sent the WPSI of West Khasi Hills to Allahabad for search. to bring back Cicilia Pariong along with the foreigner who has been abducted.
“Recent estimates have shown that this disease of the brain has reached 25 per cent worldwide in recent decades, and it is so severe that it is even more important than cancer" , said Dr King.
Giriraj also criticized Congress President Sonia Gandhi by saying at a rally in Hajipur district in Bihar, “If Rajiv Gandhi marries a Nigerian woman who is not a foreigner, will the Congress? On Singh's remarks, Communist leader Brinda Karat said they were insulting remarks especially against women.
There are many legends about St. Valentine, one legend says that Valentine served as a priest in the third century in Rome and at that time Caesar Cladius II who ruled the Roman Empire published ordering and forbidding young men to marry because he believed that unmarried men were strong enough to serve in the army.
At the same time, the union has demanded that the Government should open the Shillong Campus after the establishment of Captain Willamson A. Sangma University in Garo Hills.
The 20th Asian Para Arms Wrestling Championship was held in Dubai Azman UAE, which started on 28th June 2023 and will end on 3rd June this month.
SP East Khasi Hills Mariahom Kharkrang said the five persons were taken to court today and the court has ordered them to undergo six days of questioning.
He warned that if those found violating the government's order not to increase the price of food items, the sellers will be punished under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act, 1955 and Section 3 of the Essential Commodities Act, of the Black Marketing and Maintaince and supply of essential Commodities Act 1980.
In connection with this problem, the HNYF Mawshynrut under the leadership of Samla Smalling Nongsiang as President today which is also the Riangdo Market Day, has left for the Riangdo Market Day. The Branch Manager of the bank said that it is the duty of the public to complain to the authorities to provide for their needs.
He said that if this happens, if the outbreak occurs for the third time, India as a whole will not be ready to protect the people from the disaster and he hopes that will not happen.
However, the clash between the party led by former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the new party leader Ma Vincent H. Pala is the worst sign ever in the country. history of the party in the forty-nine years since the independence of the state.
Shillong, Lber, 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday congratulated the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah for the withdrawal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers). ) Act, 1958 (AFSPA) from many parts of the North Eastern States of India.
Speaking to media, the DGP of Meghalaya, Dr Bishnoi, said that the incident in Manipur has been discussed with concern and it has been decided to take action. possible ways to deal with and overcome any feelings and mistrust.
The problem of the villagers will be resolved in the coming days, in which the party and the government will work hard for the development.
It was also announced that the closure of the dam at the house of Kong Pynhunlang Lyngdoh in Lower Lummawrie, Laitumkhrah has been lifted last night.
Agreas Chamcham Sangma finished with one wicket for 19 runs and was the only wicket taker on Friday.
Prof Lakhon also admitted that according to the rules of the UGC Model CRR, the VCs of any university cannot appoint klumar.
Raju said the department has purchased up to 2000 straw semen and has already conducted a pilot project by injecting 60 female cows from the state. that cow son.
Furthermore, the company also plans to build a plant to produce oil from the fruit of this tree.
The FKJGP also asked: “Who and where are those site engineers of the PWD department when they were appointed to monitor the quality of works”.
The Fishery has provided assistance to two villagers to build a fish pond.
You also need knowledge,” said the mother, still talking in her mouth.
The cleanliness drive was attended by the parents, youth and school children of the village.
Khliehriat: The Dalmia Bharat Foundation through the CSR of the Bharat Dalmia Group has conducted a training for young men of Narpuh Elaka in the field of quarrying and mystery work.
The Jaintia Students' Movement Central Body (MPSC) would like to clarify to you the people of Jaintia Hills and the State as a whole regarding the public hearing held and convened by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPSC). according to the findings of the organization.
He added that through the products we produce, we can cover the cost of living in our households.
The report of the Kur Pyllun as a whole was also received, which showed that in the past year, it has done a lot, especially in the distribution of assistance to the poor Kur members, by providing assistance to two families. They live in Kshaid, Khatar Village.
However, besides the Syiem Police, he said that there were also chowkidars who were appointed by private individuals to look after the market and these were used as assistants to the Syiem Police to provide information when there was any incident. theft or robbery.
On the part of the Rangbah Shnong, he expressed his gratitude to all those who helped to draw the pictures on the wall.
Winning 3 times as MDCThe 15th June 1989, will be a memorable day, especially for the District Council and the Hima Sirdarship Wahlong, because on that day, Bah Ganold Massar was elected as the new CEM. That same year, I as the EM Elaka went to Wahlong to merge the two Elaka, Mawthang-Sohkhyllung and Byrong, which is known as the Wahlong Sirdarship to this day.
Those who attended the meeting included Dr. DD Lapang, Adviser to the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Charles Marngar and Balajied Rani, MDCs from Ri Bhoi Dorbar. Ri Bhoi and many other elders from different parts of Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, June 19: Rahjingshai S&CC won the Women's Football League 2021-22 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Tuesday at MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong. defeated 1-0 against PFR Ft.
The pledge was read out by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, JU Kharpuri.
The states that will go to the polls twice are Karnataka, Manipur, Rajasthan and Tripura.
The Taxation Department of the State Government has introduced the Meghalaya Gaming Regulation Act 2021 to legalize gambling in the State.
In Jowai and other neighboring villages, the polling was smooth and transparent.
In a statement sent by Ohibait, the KSU said that this decision of the government at this time of crisis in the state and the countries of the world due to the spread of COVID-1 They want to play with the lives of the people just to provide jobs for the dewbilat factories to send people from other states and if the government allows them to come free at such times , shows that the government has no intention of declaring a lockdown in the state.
Let the shortcomings that may have existed in the past give us wisdom and be a lesson for all of us to develop those without any ambition among us.
Agatha Sanma MP said; “There has been a strong demand from the people to include the Garo language in the Eighth Schedule.
The meeting was conducted by Elizabeth Nohriang and delivered by Sarababel Wanniang, President.
A MUDA spokesman said the Supreme Court has extended the suspension order for 10 months and allowed MUDA to file another appeal.
In Jaintia Hills, there are up to nine Behdieñkhlam festivals belonging to the nine Seiñ Raijs and the Behdeiñkhlam of the Tuber Sieiñ Raij at Tuber village is the largest festival.
Therefore, for the candidates, this is the best time for them to make money or earn from the candidates through many types of activities.
Inaugurating the MegARISE in Tura, the project focuses on the protection of water wells or catchment areas in the state, the Minister said, “This project focuses on the protection of water sources or catchment areas in the state. The Umiew River in East Khasi Hills District and the Ganol River in West Garo Hills District.
The committee will look into the quality of drinking water and ensure that the water supplied to the households is clean and safe to drink,” said PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak. sun.
The three deceased were identified as Satneo Tuboi, Ngamminlun Lhouvum and Ngamminlun Kipgen.
In this regard, it was also learned that many Ministers of Mylliem Hima have signed a letter to the Administrator of KHADC, Matsiewdor War Nongbri. so that the government officials can do whatever is necessary.
Banrilaburom Kharkongor is a young man who has been visually impaired since childhood. When he was a child, he went to school at Satiraja Memorial RAWA Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District. Banrilaburom has dropped out of school until class
The MBA hopes that after his visit, Bah Larry Kharpran Sun will be involved in the management of the tournaments and especially the athletes of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The District Administration today gave one day to the vendors of auction garments at Motphran Bridge. They have been asked to remove their clothes and belongings which have been left on the bridge since the district authorities came to close down the bridge.
There are still many Benami jobs of these foreigners and what has been reported to the High Court is only 10 pawa per kilo.
Prestone said that before implementing any project, it is necessary to get the cooperation of the land owners so that the work can go smoothly.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : The Central Government has approved an allocation of Rs 146.79 crore for the construction of a 4-lane road and the conversion of a 2-lane road into a 4-lane road with cycling tracks. , utility duct, footpath and others in New Shillong Township (NST).
Of these three, one is a peon of the Finance Department, while two others are unknown, but all three are from the Main Secretariat.
Reports suggest that the third wave of the disease could strike in the next 6/8 weeks.
“We are still waiting for the complaint on the damage so that we can provide more information.
Stephanson Pale of Ladthadlaboh scored the first goal from the penalty spot at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Kumar said that there is a project from the World Bank to bring about development in the State and as Government servants who work for the people, they need new techniques and innovations to open the door to see the development of the State. the bright future of Meghalaya.
Ri Bhoi, which qualified for the final, will now have to wait for another team to play against Shillong Cricket Association and Tura DCA on 15th November.
You're going to have a good one.
He cleans his muja, blue action shoes, banians, shorts and a blue stang jacket.
The 23-year-old Israeli midfielder has agreed a five-year contract with the club.
In terms of training and information, the partnership will strengthen the minds of the youth through training and workplaces.
The second semi final will be played tomorrow at 2 pm between Mynthong and Nangbah Mulang.
Muslims in Delhi say they brought it to spread the Covid-19 pandemic.
As we know that there are 36 Khasi Pnar villages in Block-1 and in all these villages there is no road, no bridge, no electricity, no shops, no market, no hast, no water supply, no school, no dispensary, no PHC CHC. There is no hospital.
This program is specifically for the farmers (SHGs) in West Jaintia Hills District and to make them aware of the assistance they can get from banks with a small subsidy, these SHGs can They can also take up to Rs 6 lakh or more without worrying if they can pay in small amounts from time to time.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has been directed to investigate and submit a report within a day on the continued illegal mining of coal in the district.
He said the meeting held recently in Shillong was successful and both the states are looking forward to implementing the major decisions taken at the meeting to be held in April. .
On Saturday, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the meeting between the two states has expressed its concern over the incident of clashes in Block-I and Khanduli-Psiar area on the border of West Jaintia Hulls. and Karbi Anglong.
“The power outage at 8 pm has affected us who shop in the square, who sell almuri, because at these times, it is a market where people come,” said one of the residents. you love Maw.
Banerjee must win the election to continue as chief minister after losing the last election in Nandigram in June.
Similarly, on the 7th of November 2022, the bridge on the Ïakang River in Lahaleiñ village has collapsed and the water has swept away the entire bridge. from one of the bridges which they built of wood, that they might escape from the other side.
They are also struggling to investigate the reasons behind the shooting.
Referring to the revenue department, Ronnie said that Meghalaya has appointed BP Kayaker, retired Chief Justice of the Guwahati High Court. metric tonnes of coal were smuggled illegally and it was found that the state had smuggled illegally despite the ban.
Shillong, June 20 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the Minister of Urban Affairs, today said that the state government will invite applications again for the landfill. Jowai.
During the curfew, many employees did not go to the office, even at the Secretariat, and there were very few vehicles except for commercial vehicles, buses and cars.
It is the responsibility of the police department to prevent crime and to investigate those responsible for crime.
Many times the cleaners cover or cover with a cleanser like that of the cleanser.
“The MSOA and the sports department should think carefully about the needs of the athletes that the accommodation should be clean, adequate food and drink should not be like what happened at the Meghalaya Games,” said Bah DP Wahlang. .
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Central Government has allocated T.5 lakh for the maintenance of the vehicle per annum.
The Thangbru shrine was built by the Seiñ Raij Jowai and was handed over by Kambel Shulai to the Seiñ Raij before his death.
Officials from the Department of Transport, Tourism and District Administration were also present during the visit.
Lambokstarwell said that the CEC will soon hold a meeting to re-introduce more youths to the party and at the same time to consider the steps to be taken by the party.
Shillong, Nailur 28: On the 24th of this month, the NYKS, through the office of the District Youth Coordinator Shillong, visited Itthangsher village of Khatarshnong Laitkroh Block to meet with the youths from various clubs. to discuss and explain the various programs that the NYK conducts from time to time especially on issues related specifically to the youth.
On the issue of raising placards around Shillong today over the incident ha Ichamati, the Minister said that this is not necessary to do now, but the state government will call for a talk to everyone.
The registration was completed under the supervision of the military, the report said.
The EM said that they have directed the Hima not to allocate land to any Dkhars to set up factories or any other activities.
The meeting of new students in various departments started on the 6th and ended on the 7th of March
It is learned that there has been a heated argument over the Naga flag and then a full agreement to end the talks, which have been going on for decades.
When I was a child, my parents told me that I was born in
said the Minister.
Mawkdok: The Minot Multi-Function Society (MMFS) has conducted a training on tourism as a source of income at Mawkdok Dorbar Hall on 22nd July 2022 for the residents of Mawkdok. Mawkdog.
Even the X-Ray machine at the CHC has not been implemented for more than 15 years due to unknown reasons and he said he will talk to the state government officials especially the Minister. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is responsible for this hospital.
The bag contained a Debit Card, EPIC Card, money and Identify Manner's house keys.
Recalling that Union Minister Amit Shah had accused the MDA of being the most corrupt, Basaïawmoit said, “They don't want Amit Shah, they are afraid that he will send the CBI.” “We are just telling the people, let the VPP rule Meghalaya...we will fight against all corruption and if we find that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah is corrupt, we will fight against corruption. I'm sorry,” said the President.
Ma Mulieh also said that the appointment of Dalloi/Sirdar and Waheh Shnong is illegal, in which some of them have been removed and appointed by others, according to the discretion of the JHADC, Jowai, Nailar 4: A policeman of the 3rd Battalion, who escaped after shooting dead a fellow policeman, has surrendered to the police of North Garo Hills. .
However, on the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has expressed his confidence that the EC will not fail in the election tomorrow.
We understand that the Government has the Legal Department, it has the officers and it should invite these guys to the table," he said.
In Ampati, BJP candidate Bhupendra Hajong defeated Congress candidate Jogadish Hajong while in Naguapara, the Congress won by a margin. .The Congress party has won only two seats in the district where the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has won the MDC election in GHADC. you are from Ampati.
“The remaining amount to be paid by the department to the contractors is T.40386.86 lakh (more than Rs 400 crore) and to the contractors implementing the PMGSY road construction scheme is T.60.10 crore,” he said. .
He said that there are 3376 teachers in the state while in West Jaintia Hills District there are 140 teachers from 35 Upper Primary Schools.
Because some of them encouraged me to write sometimes with religious messages.
Hek said that the State has a good opportunity to produce fish on its own because the scheme is also provided by the Government and if the people take it as a way to save food, the time will come when The State relies up to 70 per cent on imported fish, but the time will come when the State, if there are many farmers from pigs and cattle, will rely on itself and stand on its own feet.
Let us turn to the parable of the Good Samaritan recorded in the Gospel of Luke 10:25-28 “And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do? what shall I do to have eternal life? And he said unto him, What is written in the law? how do you read? And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; : and thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.
A survey was also conducted to explain to the trainees in Nongpoh to know the water sources and it was also done according to scientific knowledge through GPS to know the water sources that need to be maintained. save.
Our families and villages must unite to reach the goals ahead because it is the water supply that gives life to mankind.
Shillong, November 18: The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the KHNAM lost the mid-term MDc elections due to the short time and delay in announcing its candidates. .
He is the former Finance Secretary of the party.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 12: The National People's Party (NPP) East Jaintia Hills District today held a public meeting at Saipung village to elect the new office bearers of the NPP Saipung Circle. NPP candidate for Sutnga Saipung constituency, Santa Mary Shylla.
Shillong: The Union of Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese under the leadership of Francis Lathong General Secretary, Leo Laloo Finance Secretary in the presence of Dominic Sumer Publicity Secretary of the Union of Elders of Jowai Diocese on 8th October 2020 They went to help the new Parish “Christ the Light Parish” West Jaintia Hills District.
It is bordered by Assam to the east, Garo Hills and Bangladesh to the west.
“When we allow these instigators, we are like allowing people who bring a worldview that we have to kill,” said Marngar. The deceiver misleads anyone by making a small mistake.
“The government sees no reason why the situation would require the convening of a special session.
He said that the new EC will monitor the work done by the old EC and will write letters to the Rangbah Shnongs to confirm what has been announced by the old EC.
The Khasi Jaitbynriew is a small Jaitbynriew compared to other Jaitbynriew, therefore we must refrain from discriminating against the Shongkha.
So far, 101 people have died in Assam, including three on Saturday.
Itanagar: About 500 masked men on Sunday attacked polling officials and destroyed EVMs in Kurung Kumey district of Arunachal Pradesh.
“In the usual elections we can win completely, but in the mid-term elections we don't know how the government will misuse its power and if they misuse their power, we have a strong hope that we will win. “I have won these three constituencies,” he said.
He said in previous years there was only the Congress and some Riewlum parties in the state.
“The Congress when they were in power had a resolution in the House, so whether it is this government or the previous government, I don't think the basis is right.
She also urged the VPP to look into this illegal roster system which will affect the youth of the country.
We are living in these last days, difficult times, shouldn't we think only of the wealth of this world because we don't know what will happen tomorrow? Look at what is happening in the world.
We see that in many constituencies, whether they belong to National or Regional Parties, there is chaos, division and misunderstanding among the supporters of the same party even in the same constituency. too.
When Conrad arrived at the polling station, he stood in line with the people to wait for his turn to cast his vote along with his sister, Agatha Sangma, who is also MP from Now.
If they cannot, on the other hand, they will take strong action together with the authorities.
Shri.T P Tmung, Principal, Presbyterian HS School, Grade
How we use or exercise that ownership is a question to be answered.
He has been undergoing treatment at GBP Hospital, Agartala since 1st June 2020, the report said.
This has prompted the police from the police stations in their respective areas to immediately send their langrut to curb the influx of people to the markets, shops and to fight to order. to the people to stand in a line that separates them from each other.
Dr.K.Venkata Rao, Deputy Director Rural Craft and Engineering, said that this two-day program is an opportunity to provide detailed training to the khiew makers, from marketing to khiew making. and to make them known to the world.
Bashan J. Laloo said that it is difficult for the police to track down the illegal coal trucks as the state has too many roads from the remote areas.
Because India and China are said to be trying to deploy their troops to the Maldives, but the Maldives seems to be more trusting and allow China to deal with. badka.
During the inspection, it was found that there are about 150 foreigners who do not have Labor License.
Before the start of the treatment, a short meeting was held by Bah DS Marbaniang Secretary DLSA and speeches were delivered by Dr. KC. , the Dolloi of Raliang District, Mr. Chawas Lyngdoh and the Head of Iooksi, Mr. C.Tangliang.
However, this is not the case and it can be concluded that what they say about women is wrong.
These office bearers were confirmed by Rona Khymdeit, President of the Women's Wing of Ri-Bhoi District. RS Mawlong, President of UDP Umroi Circle in the presence of Bah FD Ramsiej, President of the party Umroi Constituency. .
He said that this shows that the working methods of the government are weak and increasingly generate a lot of debt.
Regarding the non-functioning of the equipment in the hospitals, Nadda was informed to introduce a Bio Medical Maintenance Programme, in which a MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) with the company will be signed to improve them. the central government.
All of us understand how valuable this verse of the song, which Rev. John Roberts, the father of Khasi literature, wrote like that Poiwir, as said by Bah Purningstar, but he considered himself a Khasi and what is interesting is that he also reminds our ancestors that we should not forget them.
When the NDA II Government came to power, the introduction of Aadhaar in many areas started again and in 2016, the Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha and within two to three months, both the The Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha have passed and approved the AADHAAR Bill,
In fact, the government two years ago had talked to the central government to allocate funds from the PMGSY to build the road to the college but the central government has clarified that the road is only 5 km. Km cannot receive the PMGSY scheme.
However, it is still more difficult to win as the people do not support the party due to the news of attacks on Christians in other states.
U Bah G.Parïong, one of the elders of Mawkamoit, said that in the past years, the farmers of the area have faced many problems.
It is easy for people to talk, but for those of us who implement or look after peace...we have to look at why people come out, why these things happen, there is a reason why they people come out because you don't have a chance.
It is very important what we think, because from here come the clean and healthy fruits of our country and nation.
Don't be afraid.
So far, only the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has announced its candidate, Dr. Ricky J Syngkon, while the Congress has indicated that it will nominate the same candidate. , said Ma Vincent H Shovel.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 11: The KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit through its Education Cell, will award the Wickliffe Syiem Excellence Award to the students who have passed well in the SSLC. , HSSLC, Degree and Gold Medalists in PG Degree, who passed from various Boards and Universities for the year
The PLA troops patrolled around Barahoti for about three hours.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has decided to implement other measures to curb the entry of mynder into the state.
On the other hand, Endeavor CEO Ari Emanuel said that this is now a very different opportunity in the field of sports, sports and entertainment to reach this goal.
Immediately they tried to clean by hand and indeed the cleaning is easy to clean even by hand, like cleaning a clean carpet at home.
Among the Congress MDCs who lost were Batskhem Ryntathiang from Mairang, PN Syiem from Pynthorumkhrah and Carness Sohshang from Mawkyrwat.
Speeches were also delivered by Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah Teibok Kharkongor, Secretary UDP Mawlai Circle, Assistant Rangbah Shnong G. Kharkongor and others.
The VPP leader from Jaintia Hills invited all the people from political parties, youth organizations and women's organizations to attend the meeting.
Lyngdoh also congratulated the NSWP for approving and selecting him from among the 5385 applicants.
According to information received, during the rainy season, the classrooms are also flooded.
In fact, Bah Ardent gave a speech with very relevant issues on the reservation policy and roster system in the last Budget Session in the Legislative Assembly,” said the VPP. He said that he has made it clear that he has no objection or resentment to any ethnic group on the appointment but only to bring about a settlement so that it will be fair and impartial.
No one can stay the same. We all accept when change comes. For example, we accept foreign food, we accept foreign clothes, we accept foreign religion, we accept the views of others and these things. they fall into our culture, and are included and recognized as our culture.
Pastor DH.Lamare incharge Barato Presbyterian Church said that as a church we would like to give a special message to all the faithful that they should not worry in relation to any part of the church as much as possible. try to meet the needs especially in relation to the needs of the body in terms of food and drink.
Jordan has postponed peace talks with the United States, which were scheduled for Tuesday, a Jordanian government source said.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state today, the Meteorological Department of India said today.
The WJH DEF today visited the shelter home for boys and girls in Mihmyntdu.
As part of the welcome ceremony, the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs, has organized an Open Truck Road Show, which started at Madan Heh Mawlai Phudmuri – Jaiaw Jingthangbriew – Jaiaw St. Joseph – Jaiaw Langsning – Jaiaw Pdeng – Mawkhar Main Road – Motphran – Police Bazar – AG Office – Additional Secretariat – Barik – Malki Point – Dhanketi – Don Bosco Square – Laitumkhrah Beat House and ends at Madan Iewrynkhhep Laitumkhhep.
Bruno was replaced by Abraham T. Sangma, Commander of the 2nd MLP Battalion.
The Assam government's claim that Mukroh falls under West Karbi Anglong shows that this incident is well prepared so that the people of those areas will be afraid and enter Assam in the second phase. There are 2 States.
They also urged the government to look into the issue of taxi fares in Shillong.
“By revealing the names of these patients, it will be easier for the public to know whether they have been in contact with these two persons,” said Evident Tariang President EJNC Khliehriat Circle.
Nurses in India earn about Rs 2.6 lakh per annum, and countries like Germany have worked together to encourage those who study abroad.
The disease grows faster if the sky is dry and dry.
He was with them to train them and before He ascended to heaven, He first sent them to start preaching from Jerusalem and so on.
However, what else has caused this dewbilat factory to become so debt-ridden that it can no longer run its operations.
I cannot reveal this to anyone but only God knows.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said the MDA government has decided to recognize the production and marketing of wine made from soh and to issue licenses for them. He said that the Cabinet has decided to set a license fee of T.7500 and this has to be renewed every year. The government will charge T.100 per box and the winemakers will be exempt from the Value Added Tax.
In the second half, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah scored the second goal in the minute before the end of the first half. Leibor Ymbon scored the second goal in the 79th minute to make it 2-1
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Friday met Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra in New Delhi.
“I request all my friends who have left the BJP from 17 North Shillong for many reasons, we request them to return to the BJP party so that we can work together from the beginning. for the BJP and especially for Bah JA Lyngdoh who is the second candidate in the 2018 election.
Season 2 of Meghalaya Idol.
Therefore, as the days go by, many of the wells in the state are beginning to disappear, where the floods that have been flowing for four seasons, have now begun to disappear, but There remain only the footprints of the flow of water, which have turned into nations that have been destroyed by the excessive acts of mankind.
On the performance of the states in the North East, the NEC Secretary said, “I don't want to name but all the states in the region are not the same, but there has been a change, and new financial assistance. they were not through the treasuries or finance departments of the states, but went directly to the implementing agencies.
He said that the government's plan to increase revenue in the state to open the casino despite the strong opposition from all sides needs to be considered.
The following are the names of the candidates for the election: Lambok President Starwell Marngar (unopposed), Vice President Biangbor L Paliar (unopposed), General Secretary Donald V Thabah (unopposed), There are four Assistant General Secretaries; James Hitler Mawphniang, Reuben A Najiar, Shelkitbok Kharbani, Eddie Malngiang, Organizing Secretary; Raymond Kharjana, Gary N Mawlieh, Samuel Shabong, Education Secretary, three, Nangrikupar Malngiang, Richardson Malngiang, Pynkmenlang Samiet, Information & Publicity Secretary three; There are three persons, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, Pynshai Borlang Rani, Pynshai Borlang Rani, Melajied Khongbuh, Makenson Marbaniang, Office Secretary; Alerick Kharjana, Samuel L Nonglait, Spaindarsing Lyngkhoi, Sports & Cultural Secretary; Badonbok Malngiang, Cleenstar Shabong, Eric A Nongkynrih, Hopefulborn L Mawnai, Environment Secretary; we have Apporlang Thabah, Badonkupar Kharmalki, Basuklang N Khongwar, Dusterwell Lyngdoh, Franky K Pathaw, Lester Nongbet, Mesadapbor Skhembill and Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew.
Another project signed by the government and NEEPCO is to generate 85 megawatts of electricity from the Umiew River in Mawphu.
There are also the names of people whose information has been used to conduct the investigation.
Khrad2, you are a human being, one day you will receive the punishment of God, you don't know if you are a Christian.
At present, the NPP has decided to contest alone in the elections in the state without any alliance with other parties although it has not refused to cooperate after the elections to form a government.
Before visiting Mahadev Khola, KSU Laban Circle leaders handed over a letter to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) and HoFF RS Gill, demanding that the Forest Department should not immediately remove the forest. Illegal construction of houses on Forest Department land at Mahadev Khola.
Replying to the speech of Sohiong MDC HDR Lyngdoh who urged Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM to look after the blang (MDC) from being stolen, Basaiawmoit said, “I don't know if there are the sheep trying to catch their goats.
The Cabinet has approved on 1st November 2019, to implement the MRSSA, 2016 as an Ordinance, whereby those who visit Meghalaya, must register with the State Government.
But let us suffice that only a direct and impartial investigation can clearly show what is right and what is wrong.
The Sub-Inspector of Khliehriat Women Police, Ms. D.Shabong, also gave a detailed explanation on the laws and regulations related to POCSO. Young children especially those under the age of 18 should refrain from child marriage as it is illegal and if found guilty the law will punish them according to the provisions of the law. Shabong also gave many detailed explanations by displaying on the projector.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Tneibha Phawa appealed to the public to help purchase Lucky Draw tickets as a support for Narwan Thwai Salong LP School for the improvement of this school.
He is the same yesterday, today and forever and it is through Him that He gives us confidence and no doubt that He can bring us closer by our faith in Him. that we might be saved through faith in him" (Ephesians 3:12).
These Officers also informed about the schemes of the Government which it has done and plans to help the farmers.
There have been announcements, which have spread on social media, in which a picture of her has been published, after she disappeared from New Kench's Trace, Bishnupur.
After the Pyrnah donation, the children of the Sein Raij Tuber including more than 30 villages, large and small villages who still hold the Niam-tynrai, brought 66 Rots to the aitnar pond.
Due to the pandemic, students can also send their applications to the following email id kyrmen.2009@gmail.com.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Meghalaya, Rakkam A Sangma in his first meeting with senior officers of the education department, said that there is a need to change the education system. The Ministry of Education, through the Government's immediate information on the recruitment in the Ministry of Education, the State Curriculum Framework (SCF) as part of the National Curriculum Framework (NCF) in the New Education Policy
They don't want to have a Police Station in the village.
Media reports also said that some MPs from the Congress party, who are against the creation of Telengana, intend to support the no-confidence motion of the four MPs of Telengana. Kamal Nath, however, has made it clear that they will not be able to defeat the present government.
“Therefore, I think that these days I see that the district discussion has suddenly appeared just for the sake of contesting elections,” said Bah Titos.
In this celebration, the Tangmuri, the Tangmuri, the The chaw chaw, the bomb, the nakra and the ksing padiah, is also a prayer to the Creator to protect and care for this people who are loved by the gods.
The BJP has two MLAs in the state which has 60 MLAs and all of them are from Khasi Hills including Bah Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai.
He said that all those who steal are guilty and this is why Bah Edar has lost confidence in the leadership of Bah Ardent and he has decided to return to the true national party, the UDP and HSPDP. He recalled the speech of the leader of the people, Bah BB Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha duwar u Blei) at the meeting in Smit, who said don't give a sword to a child, lest you kill yourself with this. it is alive today under the leadership of Bah Ardent.
The Secretary of the HYC visited Sardar PS after being summoned to appear before the HYC regarding the raid and destruction of the houses of illegal immigrants at Lum Survey on 23rd June Shillong: The organization has raided drug users across Shillong.
Sanbor said the BJP should not rush to replace the President as it would be like sdien phasi on its own and suggested that Earnest should be allowed to complete the term of office. until the end of his season.
This is the time for the community, parents, village authorities, churches and even the government authorities to think seriously about this issue, because there is a serious threat.
“Do you see that child has come back to Hep?” said Banisha. “I don't know why I said that,” said the mother. (Peter) listened to the advice and showed it to his mother,” said Banisha. “In this terrible age, it seems that human life is surrounded by evil.
He said that other parties like KHNAM, HSPDP and others should not be too worried but should think about the demands and voice of the people who want change.
“This bridge is in danger and is no longer safe for trucks.
According to the district authorities, the stabbing after death is an attempt to commit suicide and this is against the law.
Meghalaya managed to reach the target in 15.1 overs with seven wickets in hand.
When inquired by the union, the doctor said that it was time for him to go for training, but he could not leave because there was no assistant for him.
Sutnga SSCC has come to the top of the points table of the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Therefore, the Government has announced to turn the entire roads in the Khyndai Lad area into pedestrian areas,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong: The KSU JHDU today under the leadership of KSU Narpuh Circle President Ohibait Dkhar, Kwilness Suchiang, President KSU Narpuh Circle, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Assistant Finance Secretary, Leningrad Tariang Organizing Secretary and Justice Paul Lyngdoh Education Secretary, today held a meeting. The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has met with the leaders of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) under the leadership of Bah Nidamon Shullet. , which these cement companies have involved in many areas in connection with the trade of the indigenous people.
When the news was learned, the condolences to the family of the missing person increased with words of condolence.
In fact, good teaching teaches that how we should treat others as better than us so that they can lead them to the path of goodness.
This has shocked the villagers of Khanduli and they have lodged a complaint with the district administration.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today convened a meeting to discuss the progress of the construction of the MTC project. Meghalaya Transport Corporation is located in Khyndailad.
However, Ri Bhoi United's expectations were shattered by the failure of a goalkeeper to replace Neitho.
And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. Mark 14:10-1
God is wonderful God is wonderful.
In the above paragraph you have explained the number of the vehicle and at the end you say you don't know the number of the vehicle.
If you get it, you want it, and if you don't get it, you don't want to lose it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Tenancy Bill is a bih that will kill and destroy the powers and authority of the Dorbar Shnong, said Bah Really S Nongspung, General Secretary of Pommura Village Council in a statement. today.
The name “Sengbhalang” is the burial ground.
Speaking to media, MPLU President Erwin K Syiem Sutnga said that after a thorough discussion on the matter, all the associations from Meghalaya and Assam have decided to They will immediately remove the brokers at Guwahati Airport.
“We hope that we will be able to continue this marathon from one year to another in order to maintain a healthy body and at the same time to promote tourism in the State.
The violation of the law has caused the MDCs to change their minds even to leave one party to another,” he said.
Many people ask “how many people are sent to politics” is it enough to answer that it is the desire for power, wealth and honor!.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate, Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang has declared two villages including Mairang Mission and Umthied Bynther villages as containment area following the increase in the number of cases in these villages on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Hetmi Pohthmi said that since he entered politics, he had dreamed of joining the Congress party and this dream of his has come true today.
Saee Purajndare is the state's top player and Meghalaya has replaced her this season with the addition of two more players, Rajani Lodhi and Ahireeta Mukherjee.
Let me go too because I want to pay,” said Rikynti. “To Thei,” he said and went home.
Try the following tips to be healthy and free from illness:-Sum da ka umpjah:— Many studies have shown that sum da ka umpjah can help for those who are weak, have migraine, which goes around and helps relieve physical pain.
The bodies of those infected with the coronavirus have been lying lyngktar on the sidewalks of Ecuador, the country with the highest number of cases. Latin America.
“Also on the issues related to the border issues we have already discussed the issues before the elections.
Shira clarified that he did not send any written threats against government officials.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh Constituency as the Chief Guest. EC Benny, Principal of Ri-Bhoi College, Kong WK ​​Blah, Principal of Ri-Bhoi College, Bah RR Makdoh, teachers of Ri-Bhoi College, students and others.
Mawkhar Presbyterian received 13031 sq meter, Jaiaw Presbyterian 10250 sq meter, Mizo Welfare Association 4080 sq meter, Mawkhar Church of God 3636 sq meter and Jaiaw Church 320 sq meter. sq meter, Church of God Qualapaty 3100 sq meter, Mawlai Iewrynghep Presbyterian Church 3145 sq meter, Ceylon Pentecostal Mission 3125 sq meter, Church of God Mawlai 3040 sq meter, St Joseph Parish Maw khar Union Shillong 4000 sq meter and Western People Union Shillong 4000 sq meter.
In the U-17 boys' category, Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the title after beating Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School 1-0 in the final on the same day.
Jowai, November 14: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District together with the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (MSTWA) has held a two-day agricultural exhibition which started today and ended on the 15th of this month. The District Buyer-Seller Meet (SHG Mela) will be held on November 10, 2013 at Ladthadlaboh Square, Jowai.
There are 7822 teachers who have been in service who are also teachers who have not yet received training at this elementary level. D.El.
Whether he chooses a job that is physically demanding or physically demanding,” said the father.
“This question shows that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah does not understand the rule of law.
The President of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Dr. Werlok Kharshiing and other office bearers of the Union were also present.
He also recalled the activities that HANM has done, in 2009 HANM entered Ïewduh and Police Bazaar due to the high price of food and beverages which has affected the income of the villagers.
Khlieh Shrieh Lum is a mountain, I don't know you because there is no Assamese.
The El.
Mebankynsai is from Shangpung.
On the issue, former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit has expressed her wish that Sonia Gandhi should continue as Congress leader.
The residents expressed their gratitude and appreciation to Star Cement, which has installed these solar lighting systems in their homes, churches and street lights in the village. He also said that the light from these solar lights has enabled the children who go to school to read at night, as well as to work at night and make it easier. They also have to travel inside the village at night because of the street lights.
In the past, the method of making rot ki rong was the same but now with the understanding of the children of the villages, the method of making rot ki rong has changed from one village to another. There are also those who have been built according to the teachings since ancient times. There are also those who have built phyla with other images which have the purpose and basis to tell and announce in front of the crowd of churches who come to witness the Shad. Faith in the air.
There are up to two clubs taking part in the Women's League.
Tyngkreiñ shows that development opportunities have been taken away and taken away from the share of another area.
The meeting was attended by four ANVC leaders including Arist Sengram Sangma, Publicity Secretary, Jaggam Momin Joint Secretary and Togan Marak Liaison Officer. and Doreng Malja Sangma, Political Secretary.
Phaidalin also alleged that the same person had stolen about T.3,000 from another shop belonging to Magdalina Shangpliang.
The closure of these factories was carried out in accordance with the order no.
The French Government at that time prohibited the purchase of land from foreigners in the Khasi State and the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. .
He said that after the Khasi Pnars from this area refused to take part in the election, there was also a request from the journalists from Karbi to ask why.
In the final of the U-13 boys, Lynti Jam beat Mawïong Rim 2-0, while in the U-16 Girls, Play For Right PFR beat Lyntijam Football. In the Under-16 boys' category, Lyntijam Football Center beat Umsning 1-0 by tie-break.
Shillong, November 15: The counting of votes for the seven MDC constituencies of the mid-term elections will be held tomorrow from 8 pm.
There will be a meeting of the truck owners at 7mer at 10 pm and those who do not attend the meeting, the JAC will not be responsible for any problems. they need to play chess.
She expressed the hope that she will reach the goal this time as the spirit of the people is good.
In this match, Malki replaced several players in the squad.
The theme this year of this special women’s day is on the unique power of women.
Therefore, in this regard, the Leh Isynei Lem Group from Mawten, South West Khasi Hills District which has about 25 members and is one of the groups that helps and receives assistance from Today, 19th November, 2022 under the leadership of the President, Bah KL Lyngdoh, visited the families of the victims and children. and this family as part of not losing hope even though their child has lost her hands.
The funeral service was attended by the church members, residents of Pynthorumkhrah, Pastors, Tymmen Basan and many others.
Many schools across Philadelphia have been ordered to close temporarily and residents have been ordered not to leave their homes after a fire broke out. Brazil's most dangerous robber escaped from prison in the United States and seized a gun from people that day.
In my life, I have always wanted to create opportunities to make my life easier for myself and my wives,” he said.
T.9 crore has already been allocated for the construction of the hospital on a 3 acre site in Khliehshnong and it will accommodate 50 patients or 50 beds.
On his arrival at the Legislative Assembly, Birla was honored and a Guard of Honor was formed for him.
They have connections with politicians, but they do not stand up for themselves to seize power from others.
Therefore, it is necessary to cook your own food in your own home – among all the ingredients you need are those that you have enough.
There is no problem with drinking water and light and they will improve and provide roads to all the villages.
Hek said the committee will be headed by the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, together with members from private hospitals. day.
Every government servant must declare his income on 31st October of each year to the Government.
He said that the KHADC has urged the Syiem not to issue licenses from now on, as the Jaitbynriew has been able to do other jobs that other Jaitbynriew have done.
It has been ordered to build a small dam to supply electricity to Mawphlang.
He does not want us humans to know in advance the coming of that day so that we can be vigilant and prepare ourselves without ceasing for the coming of that day and that his workers can continue to work. , keep working until that day.
The Waheh Chnong Thangskai, Phai Syrti, has admitted that it is a misuse of the syrnot. The union has demanded that the syrnot should be removed. The village has to take the necessary measures to avoid the misuse of this syrnot by foreigners.
He said that this news has spread on social media and all the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia have seen that the NPP is the BJP, but it has done everything wrong now. Conrad has been in Delhi for many years.
He said that if the people put their trust in the VPP, it will lead on a path of hope for the future.
Rahul Gandhi made the remarks in response to a report published in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday, which said that Facebook India “has not done anything at all to the BJP politicians have accused Muslims of spreading the corona virus and forcing Hindu women to marry them or what they call love jihad.
Tira was diagnosed with anemia after attending the Village Health Nutrition Day (VHND) where the Auxiliary Nurse Midwife (ANM) attended and explained that she should no longer give birth at home. my son.
Shniuh shops are also allowed to open, but they must comply with the rules.
These casual and contractual employees working in various departments of the university stood firm despite the heavy rain in front of the Vice Chancellor's office.
All the winners of the Kickboxing Championship will be selected to represent the state in the National Kickboxing Championship, 2023 which will start from 1st to 3rd March. 2023 in Dehradun, Uttarkhand.
The closing ceremony of the Jubilee will be held on the 26th of this month.
“My dream is to have only one united ethnic party in Meghalaya,” he added.
“In the District Council, once I resigned from the Congress and joined the HSPDP, I became an MDC of the HSPDP. When asked whether he will contest from Ranikor constituency against his close friend M.MDango who is also the current MLA and Minister of State, Man said, “Let the matter be explained. I don't want to say anything.
“The VPP does not say how much to give to the Khasi and how much to the Garo, but it will leave it to the discretion of the Committee which will include the ethnic groups from both Khasi and Garo with the participation of experts. who know and understand this work well.
Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva scored 295 runs.
It was also during this period that she was appointed advisor to East Pakistan, now known as Bangladesh, India Province of her religious organization, Our Lady of the Missions.
Shillong, July 18: U Bah Albinus Lyngdoh MDC Umroi today confirmed that he is another EM of KHADC who has received the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya. Victor Rani said that one of them will take over the post of EM KHADC, but after the PDF leaders agreed to agree among themselves, the name of Albinus Lyngdoh was chosen.
Some of these women, while talking to this reporter, expressed their deep sorrow over this.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, LG Nongsiej, in the presence of PK Pangniang, accompanied by HS Lyngdoh, Leader of the HSPDP, the MDCs said, “We have rejected the “It's because of the situation in the state and especially when the party stands on the ground to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state”.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : Police of the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) on Tuesday evening arrested four drug traffickers from Laitumkhrah area and seized 154.02 grams of heroin. heroin.
“The water has entered my house and is rising steadily.
Due to the quarantine of doctors and nurses, the services of the hospital have been affected.
A short meeting was held at these two places led by Bah Alfred Marthong President of NRLTODA. Tymmen Basan DK Bani of Nongspung Presbyterian Church and Bah P.Syiem Member of NRLTODA also offered a prayer to express their condolences and prayers for all the souls who lost their lives in this incident.
Kurmi will join the BJP on July 21, 2021, at a meeting to be held in Lakhimpur.
In the 4x50m men's freestyle relay, Assam (02:05.25) won the gold medal, Manipur (02:14.97) the silver medal and Tripura (02:32.22) the silver medal.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has declared the most vulnerable areas in East Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh, Lber 20: The Hynniewtrep Achic National Movement (HANM) led by the President of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Artist Ryntathiang, Bah Bung Sohpdang, President of Baridua Circle, in the presence of members of the HANM. Obinas Warjri, an MMA fighter from the state, has been welcomed by the 5th International Thai Martial Arts Games and Festival which was held on the 12th of this month. until the 17th of this month in Thailand.
In this regard, the party urges all the village leaders to join hands so that foreigners will not be able to infiltrate our area.
When asked why he applies for ticket even though he is an MDC, Dmuising said that in democracy and the UDP which follows the principle of democracy, anyone can apply for ticket. He said that the decision is up to the party to decide who will be given the ticket after consulting the leaders and supporters of the constituency.
In the 63 kg category, Neeraj defeated South Korean Jinseub Song 5-2 to win the silver medal while Sunil Kumar defeated Japanese Masato. Sumi won the Rnong medal in the 87kg category.
Our human thinking and imagination will be completely changed in the last days.
Ronaldo later received the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) Young Player of the Year award alongside teammate Wayne Rooney.
The development of Khasi literature began here and Sir Thomas Jones the Missionary became the father of Khasi literature. In 1896, Radhon Singh Berry Kharwanlang suggested to introduce two more characters as the Khasi alphabet, the ï and the ñ. which translates Khasi words without the need to force them.
The last time the Ranji Trophy was held in Shillong was in November 2018, which is also the first season that Meghalaya has participated in the tournament.
The HITO, without hesitation, laid flowers at the offices of various political parties, which first laid flowers in front of the Secretariat gate in the second, The residence of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the National People's Party (NPP) and finally the United People's Party (NPP) headquarters. Democratic Party (UDP).
Find out when and where you can get your children vaccinated in your area.
Speaking to media, the Vice President of the BJP Youth Wing after a meeting with the management of NEIGRIHMS, Bah Wallam Khongwir said that recently they have seen that the work of the nurses is not right. NEIGRIHMS Hospital has been planned to be held in other states and this has affected and caused a lot of problems to the youth even though the hospital is located in this state.
On the other hand, the HYC has urged the leaders of the area, the government and the MSPCB to listen to the voice of the people who are against this factory and not to allow it to start mining coal. The village authorities should not issue NOCs to such factories which cause losses to the society and affect the environment.
They said that for this reason, it has created a serious problem in terms of distribution of salaries to the employees of TTADC and also created problems for the implementation of any development works in the area. .
Niakha also entered and sat on the mule.
War Jaintia Circle President Laitphar Syngkrem has congratulated the Waheh Shnongs and Dalloi for listening to the KSU's request to remove the names of foreigners from the electoral roll and urged to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners into the village. As leaders, we don't want to see War Jaintia become a dustbin of foreigners.
“In addition, Dr. AJ Syngkon, while speaking on health, said that it is necessary to strengthen the traditional medicine.
Students who have been promoted will be able to sit in higher classes from 1st April 2021 and will read or purchase new textbooks.
The incident is believed to have happened at around 2 pm.
“We are against the sale of the country's assets to some.
It was learned that the new District Council of Jowai will be implemented from November
Marqueenless Ramsiej was also the first woman to win a gold medal in the event and Wolbetstar Ramsiej won a silver medal in the 10000mts Boys U20. Anushka Majhong won a bronze medal in the highjump. U16 level.
The Waheh and Manbei who took part in the Niamtre Dorbar at Nartiang were: Moonlight Ktung, Yiang Maskut, Raymond Nartiang, Lamphrang Shylla. in the assembly it was a victory.
It also allowed the petitioner to present his case in writing in respect of the written statement issued by the DGP dated July 8, 2023, as well as on the report of Justice Katakey.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Chairman election has ended and Teilinia Thangkhiew has won the CEM election of KHADC. Both ARPRA and KHUDA-II have filed their nomination papers. Ardent Basa Iawmoit is the candidate of ARPA while Bah Pynshngain N Syiem is the candidate of KHUDA-II. KHUDA-II, which led the KHUDA-II, although it lost the Chairman election, has not yet rested to find a way to get the ingbun paid.
Guwahati was invited by Rajasthan Royals for two matches to be played in June 2020, but could not be held due to the spread of COVID-19 and violation of rules.
Remember, in the past, my parents used to tell stories about the war between one village and another for the sake of the border.
In class 12, while the percentage was 89 in government schools, it was only 82.21 and 86 in Adi Dravidar Welfare and Tribal Welfare schools.
An oath taking ceremony was also held on the occasion to ban drugs and to distribute prizes to the winners of various competitions.
Between 2005 and 2021, India has lifted 415 million people out of poverty.
Elections are the opportunity for the people to elect the candidates of various political parties, to judge according to their skills and to vote freely once every five years.
But when they go to the marketplace and to church, we don't recognize them.
Furthermore, in my opinion, there has been a campaign on social media which has discouraged even the educated citizens including government employees from coming forward to take the vaccine.
She is also one of the women who took part in the struggle for the establishment of the State Commission for Women.
At the same time, Ampareen, Minister of Labour, said that to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state, the department has appointed 10 Labor Inspectors and 19 Inspectors. They will continue to recruit more staff in the department to look after the influx of foreigners.
It was witnessed that during the march, they also carried placards and slogans, to strongly condemn the people involved in taking the life of the child and slogans to demand a fair trial from the for the sake of the family of this young man.
“There has been no politics in the JJM and I have promised and I will give evidence to the Minister of PHE that there is 100 percent corruption in the implementation of the project in 47-Rajabala Constituency and some projects in Selsella LA constituency and in the north of West Garo Hills,” he said.
The NEC meeting was attended by all the Chief Ministers of the North East except Tripura who is on duty elsewhere.
“I cannot say anything but it will depend on the discussions between the cabinet, leaders and civil society to discuss this issue,” he added.
SK Lato (MPHF) welcomed the guests.
He did not agree to say that the talents of Indians are insignificant but said that India has a unique talent in the world which has been recognized by others.
According to the RBYF leaders, the truck was coming from Beltola and was going to unload goods at the College of Agriculture University, Kyrdemkulai. They went to the Umsning By-pass, which is near Umpih.
If it is a job that really requires doing those things, why doesn't just giving money become a job without having to do those things? When those jobs cannot be provided only with money, isn't it a scheme to make money? Of course, there is a slight need in some cases, so the Government through the Transport Department should facilitate and to facilitate the public when they go for any work as in other Government departments and it should set a time for the employees to complete the work within that day, it should not be allow brokers or office workers to commit illegal activities and shall immediately punish such illegal activities.
Does the Government think about the future of the school children especially at this time when all schools are in the middle of the mid-year examinations? If the Government has thought, it should find ways and means to address the shortage of teachers.
After the election of Prof RS Lyngdoh as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Paiem Jormanick (MLA) who conducted the election said, “We all know that Prof RS Lyngdoh is a rich man who knows The history of the Constitution, which is a great treasure and will help him when he conducts the Dorbar..." Other Nongmihkhmat expressed the wisdom of the first Speaker of the State.
This Synrang Mawrin is a place full of beautiful, large and beautiful stone synrang.
Ma Sumer said that he had sought information on 20th November 2017 and was told by the Chief Secretary's office that they would have to seek information from various government departments. information requestor.
Neighbors of the house said that at the time the ball went into the yard of the house, the child tried to enter and take the ball but it was not. He said that the man had threatened and threatened the child and one of the children who was playing with her, went to inform the father of the child. and said that he should not do so or force the children because they did not know anything and so he called for a frank discussion.
U Bah Paul said that this day will be a successful day because for the first time after the publication of the Khasi alphabet in 1841, today we have been able to get the Khasi alphabet. write in Khasi the provisions of the POCSO Act which has been in force for 50 years.
According to the Sohra MLA, he wants the registration of voters in the Sohra area to go to all the villages and townships, so that the people who should be registered are the people who can prove their names. Sordar or Rangbah Shnong so that people who have doubts will not be allowed to register to vote.
This action affects the people.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Union Minister of Rural Development, Giriraj Singh, has expressed his satisfaction with the successful implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Gram. PMGSY scheme in the state.
There will also be a merger between PDF President and Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliem and NPP National President Conrad K Sangma.
According to information received, at 11 pm today, there was a clash and misunderstanding between the students of these two groups, which also led to the incident. violence and which has affected the peace and order of the students of the university.
“Whether the NEP 2020 should be implemented in Meghalaya in 2023, students and parents should understand that the current education system remains the same.
Nongpoh: The residents of Khulia village, a village near Assam, have been delighted today to inaugurate four buildings for the residents of Khulia village. They include an Aganwadi Center, a house which has been turned into a rice and Shynrai threshing floor, a VIP Gallery at the Football Ground and a public toilet inside the village.
As part of the efforts to explain to the residents of Eastern West Khasi Hills District on many issues related to driving and riding, the office of the District Transport Officer of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has celebrated the Road Safety Week 2023 under the theme 'Road Safety-Safety to Life' at a program held at the office.
In this year 2020, let the Christian churches repent and not be divided as they have been in the past.
Conrad said that as president he stands firm on the ground without allowing others to change anything else and the UDP is strong within the party.
The UDP has called a meeting tomorrow to hear the reasons from its defeated candidates and MLAs and also to find out the reasons from the winners why they won.
Jumai, has recorded six earthquakes in the state since 22nd July
On the other hand, the union appeals to all the people to cooperate with the union for the preservation of the dohum-dohwah throughout the Myntdu River.
The question to Mukul Sangma is why he supports a party that welcomes Bangladeshi officials,” said the NPYF leader. The NYPF leader said that the party has no foundation because it has failed in all the states where it has participated in the elections.
The chairman of the special committee has submitted its recommendations to the larger committee.
Marbaniang scored 50 runs for Evanrilin Syiem and 54 runs for Ridahun Nongsiej.
In this regard, the UDP has demanded that the deadline for submission of applications should be extended to 30th November
He said the name has been changed so that there will be no misunderstanding between the People Democratic Front and the People Democratic Forum. which holds power in the state which is a group of non-Congress political parties.
Bible scholars have now been able to prove that there was also a woman who was one of Jesus' disciples, who preached in the fifth century. a painting belonging to the woman in an Italian cemetery.
The people of Bapli become like a brut, and when they have used it, they throw it away without a trace.
Lutituber scored all three goals before the end of the first half.
At this meeting, the activities of the Seng will be discussed.
“This action of the EC is very shocking and I strongly condemn the EC led by the NPP and UDP for not having a policy and wasting the council's money which puts the council at risk,” he said. Andrew’s mother.
In the opinion of many, it is this high number of children that causes poverty in the state where there is a shortage of jobs.
He said what is needed in this crisis is to find out the truth.
Khliehria Nailur 2: The public hearing on the proposal to implement two coal mines in Lumshnong held today went smoothly without any objection. They were owned by Lamshwa Kyndoh and Tenson Dkhar from Lumshnong.
Shillong, Nailur 2 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday announced that to commemorate the 75th birth anniversary of (L) PA Sangma, all the buildings and structures built and constructed during his time throughout the State.
We are stronger on the investigation because there is a misuse according to the documents we have received".
Meanwhile, the income of Electricity Minister James Sangma, who will contest again from Dadenggre constituency, has increased by 568 per cent.
This was stated by the Minister at the opening ceremony of the Albera Home Youth Development Centre, Laimer, Upper Shillong.
When asked whether he expects the MLA to give his full support if he contests as an MDC from the Independent group, Nongsiej said that the MLA RG Momin has already confirmed to him. He said that in the last MLA election, he was the only one who gave his full support to Bah Momin.
In 2017 alone, 10,02,907 tourists visited Meghalaya, of which 9,90,856 were from within the country and 12,051 from abroad.
The State Government has already decided to lift the lockdown but only 2 days before the government's decision comes into force, the signs have appeared and now we know, if they don't appear, we don't know what will happen. .
They threw stones until it endangered the lives of the people, district administrators and police.
However, when we looked back at the service in Barato, despite the challenges of the pandemic, it was a humane, encouraging and uplifting service for many others and free from traffic jams. houses in the right time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah AL Hek said that the purpose of the meeting was to find out about the scheme.
In another match, Iewrynghep SS beat St Anthony HSS 5-2 while OM Roy Memo beat St Anthony HSS 5-2
It is worth mentioning that this inspection by the KHADC is a day before the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh will inspect the Ïewduh on the 12th. this month.
The candidates will go to their homes.
It is on this basis that after the end of the budget session of the Assembly, the VPP has come forward to demand this issue as mentioned earlier.
Silchar: Assam Chief Secretary Jishnu Barua today visited Barak area and held talks with the district authorities to look after the situation. situation in the area.
The meeting was attended by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State, Damanbait Lamare, NPP candidate from Umroi, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA of Umroi. Umroi along with many elders and village leaders of the area.
Speakers included the Chief Guest, Vinod Lapasam, former Waheh Shnong of Cheihruphi, Sonapyrdi Wahhnong, Edimon Lamare, Secretary Sonapyrdi Village, Daiapherbha Lamare, Representative of Sonapyrdi. Star Cement Company, Devander Bansal and others.
The 3rd November, 2022 was a day of joy for the people of Jowai because on this day the people felt like they received two great gifts on the same day from the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said; “It is very sad to see a sharp decline in the number of children enrolling in primary and upper primary schools in the state.
Patel was abducted on 29 November.
In Jaintia Hills Another Jaintia leader, who has seen the spending of funds in Jaintia Hills, Ma Chandamitre Sungoh, has witnessed since November 2018, the limit on the election candidates that they cannot spend more than 100 rupees. 20 lakh rupees.
Ganesh Roy was tied by the Punjabi after he went to get his son's ball, which reached his house.
“Besides, Bah Samlin said that the incumbent UDP candidate in 2018 has spoken against Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
However, they expressed their anger that although they have not paid the taxes to the government as ordered by the NGT, they have not seen any changes in the roads especially in West and South West Khasi Hills.
He said a case has also been registered against the stone throwing of police vehicles in the village in the incident which happened on the 14th of July.
Mar-o Shylla of Chilliangraj SC won the Best Goalkeeper award, Iakisalanmi Lanong (9 goals) won the Best Goalkeeper award. Givenson Suting, a player of Demthring SC.
In an interview with Rupang, the Sordar said, “This football stadium falls under India and therefore we are rebuilding it”. “The BDR troops stopped the stadium, but we didn't stop at all, because it falls on our land, so we didn't stop with us. send us away and we will not allow you.
“We will stay for three years,” said UDA leaders including Bah Teinwel, Bah Pynshngain and Bah Martle who were present at the meeting.
In the picture, you can see two ksew, helping one ksew, to climb up their bodies, just to eat the food, which was broken, in the house. shet ja and placed on the table.
“Tell me, mother,” said the father, looking at her.
He said the 100 Integrated Command and Control Centers (ICCCs) now operating have enabled them to take immediate decisions through the use of cameras, IOT devices, sensors and other technologies. that these have been 'Central Places' during the pandemic that have allowed business managers in cities to gather information, prepare procedures and implement citizen-friendly activities.
Saudi clubs are expected to sign Sergio Busquets after his departure from Barcelona and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who left Chelsea. of Al-Shabab.
Khliehriat, July 3: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) will hold a distribution of medicines to the public in the presence of prominent doctors of Downtown Hospital Guwahati. ENT, Gynecology, Paediatrics, Oncology and others will come for medical checkup and medicines will not be distributed to the public.
“Once approved, the department will implement this scheme according to the Natural Farming Guidelines and increase the land for this traditional farming method in the state,” she said.
With this victory, Umphyrnai Sports Club has scored three points after beating Challenger Football Academy in the first leg of the tournament.
In some places, the width of the Wah is up to 4 miles.
Therefore, the time demands that the existing laws should be implemented properly to save the Hill States and India.
Shillong, July 24: Five workers were shot dead at a dew iong mining village in South Garo Hills district on Tuesday night.
“I don't want to politicize the lives and deaths of the farmers but to cooperate and support for their benefit,” he said. especially in relation to the sale of their agricultural products.
It used to be the custom of the leaders and people of the states across India especially the small states in the North East.
Shillong: Two persons were killed in a road accident at Dollongre village in West Garo Hills this morning at 6 pm when their arshaka collided with another vehicle. tynrah is the car that carries the oil.
On the same day, a football final was held between Lwai and Main Road where Lwai won the title and the prizes were also distributed by the Chief Guest.
The 1971 census no longer matches the 2011 census.
This demand came after the residents of 12 villages in the area, had been waiting for a good road from the T.84 crore road, but the foundation has been laid. They said that the road has been run from another place, which will benefit only two villages.
Gradually, foreigners will increase and we will no longer be able to curb Benami activities.
It is worth mentioning that the tournament has been suspended for about 2 years due to the outbreak of COVID 19, and through this tournament it will also be a platform for the youth where the winners will also be able to go participate in out-of-state events.
If we read from Ephesians 2:2 it says that Satan lives in heaven “the ruler of the authority of the air”.
Varanasi, Jan 2: The BJP today denied that Narendra Modi used to say that Priyanka Chopra is like his daughter.
East Khasi Hills has 162 cases and Ribhoi 90 cases.
The BSF said that the smuggling of Phensedyl was an agreement between the owner of the company and the truck driver and was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The medals won by the athletes of the State at the Karate Tournament held at Khandala, Maharashtra include 45 gold, 37 silver and 27 bronze medals.
Contact numbers are 8131972391, 6002830906, 9612167216, 8258880315, 8837023562,
Last month, the PCB announced the new structure of the new selection committee which for the first time will include a Secretary, Manager Analytics and a working group to strengthen the players. Hassan Cheema, who now includes Mickey Arthur and chief executive Grant Bradburn, has been appointed to the Pakistan national team.
Although the exact information is not known and who has contracted the disease, it is said that they include officers and other public servants, who are in the area.
I see that Maheh's house is not enough so Maheh should repair the house first while I will repair the Sohiong constituency as a whole,” said Bah Samlin.
The Minister said that in the last five years, the participation of women in Self Help Groups has increased from 30,000 to 4.5 lakh.
He said the government will ensure that all children get the right opportunities to grow up in a proper manner and to employ 5 youths to train them in agriculture, digital services. , self-employment and tourism.
“I hope that Moon's writing career will continue and not end here,” said the former Chief Minister. the second time.
People with severe mental illness, anxiety and depression are at risk of insufficient blood pressure due to a lack of blood flow.
This is the response of the government and police department when the Sengbhalang arrest Dkhars who do not have proper documents to enter our state, will it be accepted that they are government company personnel, will the government continue? The people should examine the work of the government and not listen to the police's advice.
Sangriang said the loss of mobile phones in the area is due to the fact that other mobile companies have not been working properly.
The program was organized by the Blood Center in collaboration with the State Blood Transfusion Council.
Out of these 26, Assam has 14 MPs and the other states have only two MPs. Whether or not the state elects BJP leaders, it doesn't matter.
Begusarai in Bihar (PM10 level of only 265 micrograms per cubic metre) and Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh (with only 228 micrograms per cubic metre) came second and fourth as the most polluted cities.
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Bah Banteilang Rynjah, a driver of a car, on Tuesday said that MLA Ashahel D Shira and one of his followers have stabbed him seven times on the head.
His good character, his speed of writing and his appearance attracted the attention of the authorities.
The events included 100, 200,400, 600, 800 and 1500 metres, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put, Discus Throw, Javelin Throw and Medley Race.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 158 new cases have been confirmed and 1208 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
“We don't know whether the Prime Minister was present or not when the Sengbhalang met with the Minister of Home Affairs, but in fact as the Chief Minister of the state, he should have pleaded before him. “The state needs the ILP,” she said.
“The company has admitted that out of the 576 employees, most of them are villagers and this is not true because we have received information that the company has employed only about 80 villagers,” he said. Lyngdoh who added that there are many youths from Nongtrai who have learned and are able to do jobs.
He said that the presence of factories, petrol pumps and companies in Ri-Bhoi district has also been another doubt in terms of documents as many of them are owned by The KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, CEM, will conduct an immediate inspection and ban them if found to be foreigners. have no documents to prove that they can keep or earn money.
Even the doctors are facing the same problem as their office has been flooded and the house has been destroyed.
If the Jaitbynriew remains silent and watches, the country, the land will soon fall into the hands of foreigners and foreigners will come to these beloved Khasi Jaintia Hills and we will become small. paid and be slaves in their own country.
In the architectural assistantship category, the first prize went to Andrew W. Lamin, the second prize went to Deitre Laloo and the third prize went to Mewanshanbok Niangti.
At present, about 42 MW from Leshka and 21 MW from Umtrew cannot be generated due to the breakdown of power plants.
The TMC has alleged that this government's skills are only in corruption and violation of the rights of the people to take advantage of the leaders.
Similarly, nine ethnic groups from the North East have changed the writing system of their language to Devanagari.
Besides, we receive donations from businessmen, private individuals, donors and so on”.
Shillong, June 4: On the occasion of the 15th Anniversary of the National Awakening Movement (KHNAM), the Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has demanded that the state government should set up the Legislative Assembly. the state does not currently have its own full-fledged Legislative Assembly.
Ezekiel 38:14-16.
At the meeting, Dr. Mukul expressed his satisfaction that the aspirations of the people have been achieved and said that with the availability of equipment and various health facilities, it will enable the people to turn forward. sha that place care government.
What is the bad custom? The bad customs are that we treat our sons only as those who will go to the house of the man, therefore, we don't have the custom to encourage them by becoming an elder to encourage them to give us land. /stand up for them.
Nirupam wanted Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan to announce an inquiry into all the electricity companies in Mumbai.
These inhabitants of Hynniew Trep are only one tribe, but the language they speak differs from one village to another. There are twenty-nine Syiems in Ri Khynriem and one Syiem in Pnar and Khadar Daloi.
From the vehicle, the BSF recovered clothes worth more than Rs 10 lakh which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
There were about 300 nurses who did not qualify for the examination, although they had already prepared well earlier.
With the passing of the days, the Congress has gained encouragement and has a strong hope that it will reach its goal in the upcoming elections, the statement said.
They said that the donation was not made by the Syiem alone, but in agreement with the Dorbar Hima.
Ashok Leyland announced on Tuesday that it will suspend operations for 15 days in March 2019, while Bosch India, a German company, has decided to shut down its operations. production of vehicles for twelve days per month, starting from March to November, the company said in a statement last Saturday.
Recently, China has changed the names of several villages in Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking on the government's efforts to bring about economic development in the state, he mentioned the receipt of funds from the Asian Development Bank (ADB). for the education department but he has been able to include education in the project and has been able to build ign schools and others.
The TMC will write a new chapter in the history of politics in Meghalaya, as we are on the road to providing the best service to our people,” he said.
We don't mean that the government should give everything, but it shouldn't forget those who are at the forefront, who have to appear and who have to meet with those people who come from abroad (Red Zone). ) especially as Drivers/Helpers.
At the same time, the union has demanded that clear signboards should be installed at the Weight Bridge at Umling, as many of the residents are confused about the traffic. NHAI and IL&FS to take action to provide signboards along the 4-lane road, so that it will bring safety to the passengers.
According to the announcement, foreigners from East Pakistan who have settled in Meghalaya or who intend to settle in Meghalaya can apply for this post.
Imphal: According to reports, the storm yesterday has caused a tragic incident in Manipur.
Rilanstar Dkhar was named Player of the Match.
The JSM said that the shortage of fertilizer is due to the lack of funds from the government and it cannot meet the demand of the farmers.
Babu Kular KhongjiremGod the Creator is a very wise man who created this world to be free in the free will to walk, stand, work, farm, earn, learn. use all resources, living and non-living creatures as well as according to various needs and so on.
Regarding the special job, Bah Roy said that the union has demanded from NEIGRIHMS to appoint 80 percent of the state residents in Group B and C and the Director has informed the union that The Hospital has followed the Office Memorandum to admit 44 percent of the State residents.
Even after taking the lead, the team continued to control the game but couldn't score and took the lead by only one goal.
Speaking as the chief guest at the 76th Independence Day celebrations at Polo Ground, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that peace and stability has returned to the state. This does not mean that the government will sleep but will continue to work to maintain this peace forever.
In a letter signed by Bah Mawrie, he said that on the directive of BJP National President JP Nadda, he has sent a letter of support for the formation of a new government after the results of the elections. in the 2023 MLA elections.
God Himself does not forsake His people who walk in the right path.
Speaking to reporters, Bah MF Ryngksai, one of the elders of Dawki, said, “She wants us to vote in the name of the Kurbah clan, while she gives us the vote in the name of the Kurbah clan. tribe Mehta".
All these activities are within the Garo Hills.
“We are also campaigning against the PDF for not including the Anti-Mynder Act in its agenda,” he said.
Andy Murray, one of the most prominent British tennis stars in recent years and the world champion, has won his first victory since .
of Broom grass, followed by the planting of Miyawaki trees on an area of ​​200 Ha.
Is the election a festival? No, the Election is not a spectacle of food, drink, dance and so on.
Respect for I have lber laloo and sajay laloo.
“In the East Khasi Hills girls' match, the team won easily by beating South West Khasi Hills 5-0 goals.
Allan F Dkhar, Senior Leader of the UDP, said at a public meeting of the CoMSO that the State Assembly has decided to convene a special session on the 19th. , today at Mawlai Petrol Pump.
Shano Tariang, who scored two goals for Lajong, scored the first goal in the 12th minute while the second goal was scored by Lajong. goal in the 57th minute of the second half.
Police also recovered two mobile phones belonging to the victims, money, clothes and shoes stained with blood.
At the same time, he congratulated the markets in the village such as Iaw Shyiap, Iaw Seiñ Raij, Iaw Chor (CNI) for their willingness to cooperate in the curfew.
I haven’t seen that either.
The Council expressed the hope that the Government will take steps to address the issue of the students as soon as possible.
In a letter sent to all MPs, the NEDF through Bah PBM Basaiawmoit said, “I strongly appeal to all the legislators of India to forget about party feelings and ways of thinking by deciding together to Basaiawmoit said the NEDF has prayed for those who have lost their lives, those who have lost their food, those who have lost their parents, in their bullets. army and police who have been empowered under the AFS PA Act which has caused suspicion and opposition from the people.
Unemployment is high in the state and this has led to the spread of drugs among the youth in the country.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, said that police have seized 300 silencers.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that the District School Education Officer (DSEO), Ri Bhoi District has been directed to inspect the JNV. School Niangbari to ensure that the infection of children will not happen again.
“After this on the 8th of June, the Foundation received information that the brother of Phermeki wanted to meet with the members to talk about the post and because understanding between the conversation, the conversation between them was recorded.
Shillong, November 23: The Hynniewtrep Democratic Alliance (HITO) on Thursday gave only three days to the UDP, HSPDP, BJP and PDF to withdraw their support from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government. Speaking to reporters, the President of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the party's demand for these political parties to withdraw the The support from the MDA Government is on the grounds that the Government has not been able to convene a Special Session of the State Legislative Assembly regarding the demand for the repeal of the Khalai Act and especially in the operation of the Casino.
In Panaliar, In-situ Nala has been installed at two places in Synrang Waïong and Urkyrdaiñ. Chairman LD Lakiang, CEO Jowai Municipal Board, DV Lyngdoh, MCS, Seiñraij Jowai, President Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, members of the Jowai Municipal Board held a meeting. This is the Institute-Nala.
“Yes, I don't agree with that, because if it's the same, it's not right.” “The time will come, the Rangbah Shnong should get someone who knows more, but he's right. “The discussion on this issue has been going on for a long time,” said Bah Shanbor.
Shillong: A meeting was held between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, other government ministers and Deputy Commissioners from different districts of the state today.
The RTI shows that under the scheme for the construction of the Water Harvesting Structure, there are 13 applicants from Mawkisyiem village. These names are Bah Kloster Lyngdoh who received T.66,700 tyngka, Kong Kalti who received T.1,99,250 tyngka and besides the name of those who died in 2006 received 3 others. members from his household including his wife and children and the total amount of money that went to the same household is T.15,63,400 tyngka (Khadsan Lak seven three thousand four hundred tyngka).
Blue Bomber's FC Shillong have won the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sport Social Cultural Club (NNSSCC) on Tuesday. ).
You thma started.
Two soap boxes containing 21.05 grams of heroin, eight syringes and one injection needle were recovered from their bodies, police said.
Shillong, November 18: The 18th West Shillong Block Congress Committee (WSBCC) has strongly condemned the incident of petrol bomb blast at the home of Abhishek Chetri and Chandrabala Chetri in Lumdingjri.
Nido Tanian's father is a Congress MLA in Arunachal Pradesh and Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
She said she does not agree with the proposal to increase the tax when the activities of SMBs do not match.
As soon as she saw that the child started to fall, she immediately without fear and without counting herself went to jump and help to rescue him from the water. receiving emergency assistance, the child survived.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate and MLA from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, on Tuesday said that the BJP is ready to work with like-minded parties. He said there could be a cooperation with parties like the Congress and Trinamool Congress (TMC) if they come to talks with the BJP to form a government.
They discussed key issues, including the role of the Parish Pastoral Council in conjunction with the Canon Law, which is the working method of the Pastoral Council and the Parish Financial Council within the parishes. prayer for families, the introduction of sacramental life into the family and parishes, the renewal of the preaching of the Gospel in a different way, the Synodal Journey and the Instrumentum Laboris and other important discussion points.
The HYC said that with the support of the dewbilat traders, it is pleased to say that the company will no longer be able to operate and at the same time it will destroy the income from the villagers of the State.
On this occasion, officials from the government and civil society groups visited three sites along the NH-6 including the site at 19Mer, 18Mer for the construction of the road. the Entry Point and the land at Umpher 12Mer for the construction of the Exit Point.
The KSU will not allow any of these foreigners to leave Ri Khasi for 10 days.
What does the Old Testament say? “And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land which I give you, then ye shall reap the harvest thereof; And thou shalt wave the firstfruits of thy harvest unto the priest, and he shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD, to be accepted for you: the priest shall wave them on the morrow after the sabbath.
At 7mer upper Shillong, police have imposed no entry at a place where there is no place to leave the area. Elephant falls, but the pollution of the surrounding area could affect the tourism industry.
Speaking to reporters, the Head of East Khasi Hills District, Vijay Kumar Singh, said that these two areas in East Khasi Hills District are the wettest areas in the world. until the writing of this article.
The death toll has risen to 56 with 12 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
Umiam Police Station, Ri Bhoi District, said that these trucks have arrived today, but the police will have to check from the records how many tonnes of water pipes weigh and if more than The tonnage must be approved by the Deputy Commissioner of the District.
The JAC also said that as all the children of the Hima, who are the owners of the Hima, it is clear that the Wahlang Pahsyntiew clan has 10 kpoh within the Hima.
He said that it is very difficult to reach the poor and backward classes in the state.
And when the Chairman said, let us end the service, the people thought that the worship was over.
Jemma J.Dkhar, Headmistress of St. Paul Higher Secondary School, said that the incident happened during the heavy rainfall in Nongpoh. , when the student left the school and went to hide from the rain at the shop opposite the school.
On the other hand, Tura's bowlers had several players who played well, Fernando Barbario M Sangma with 2/4
Titos said the Executive Committee has also discussed thoroughly regarding the holding of the dorbar which should be held once every four months.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Unit Head, DCBL, Raju Ranjan, said that the school bus will accommodate up to 18 children who used to go to school in Khliehriat and this is one of the donations to the school bus. It will also help the parents who send their children to school far away, where they don't have to spend money on the transportation of their children, because the children who live in this country the boss don't have to pay money.
On the other hand, Sanbor Shullai has requested for Rs 85 crore for the development of tourism in Meghalaya.
The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has informed the candidates who wish to apply for tickets for the mid-term elections from other constituencies that it is still accepting tickets.
Nongpoh, Nailar 09: Three political parties in Jirang including the HNYF, UHM and HITO today evening expelled foreigners who came to work pom siej in Jirang, on the basis of be-aiñ by a Khasi chief without providing the necessary documents.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has announced that no curfew will be allowed inside the district.
Meanwhile, the state government has not accepted the name sent by the KHADC and has sent the name of former MLA of Pariong who is also former minister Kong Irene Lyngdoh.
Today, the MDC also encouraged the youth who have completed the training through this organization.
So far, there are 271 cases of Covid-19 in the state.
“Furthermore, Bah Dhar said that the improvement of Jowai is ongoing and 90 percent of the roads in the city have been completed.
If God created Delilah only as a weapon of the Philistines, that would be a misunderstanding.
Caroline Kharpuri of St. Anthony's College, Shillong won the Most Valuable Player title in the women's category and Henminlam of KL Bajoria College in the men's category.
Sajneev Prasad, 61, and his wife Sadhana, 57, have filed a complaint against their son Shrey Sagar and his wife Shubhangi, who were born in 2016 but have no children. faithful to this day.
No one was injured in the incident.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has won the Shillong Parliamentary seat and the Congress has won the Tura Parliamentary seat with 155,241 votes in the Lok Sabha 2024 poll on Tuesday.
They also informed that the HAC will continue to oppose the demand of the Meitei community for the status of ST. The Meitei/Meetei community has been included in the ST List of the Constitution of India.
It is said that the presence of this garbage dump not far from the highway has caused a lot of trouble when traveling through this highway.
“Rahul uses his power but he belongs to the Gandhi family, he did not join the party according to the rules of consensus, there should be a public consensus. The party leaders should think about the difference between Rahul and Priyanka Vadora,” Sharma said.
The President of the KSU Samla Rangbah Lambokstar Marngar has praised the initiatives of the Association and promised that if the Association faces any problem, the Association will be ready to join hands. “It is for the benefit of our fellow citizens in all aspects,” said Samla Aristone Manbha Ryngdong Sngi, President of the Hynniewtrep Live Fish and Fish Seeds Supplier Association.
Lt Gen Sangwan congratulated the people who came to witness the match which brought peace.
They went away.
The presence of special subjects will save the nation, which is the head of the days, the storms and the storms continue to blow, the narsaw continue to spread through this nation.
Hek said that the method of making hand sanitizers is in accordance with the guidelines of the WHO. to inspect the quarantine facilities at Ganesh Das Hospital.
Remember that Sutnga District is against Sengbhalang and now it has created and produced those Sengbhalang Sutnga. What is this? Sutnga District to stop sinew activities within Sutnga District.
“There is no helper for me, I have spent money to treat myself while I have saved some money from the income I earned when I was strong, my mother also helps me (which means kiaw The Director of Khunswet Shempap, Three Spirits, Life in the Dark and others.
Therefore, those schools which charge only salary without teachers should be closed down.
“Khie doh i mama,” the father ordered his sons.
“As soon as the program started, many people came forward to donate their donations to the 6th Battalion including the State Police, DC Ri Bhoi, Kong RM Kurbah to support this programme,” he said. said Bah Lakador, Commander of the 6th Battalion.
Shillong, July 25: The MPUF has vowed to intensify its protests if the government does not withdraw the order to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arunkumar Khembhavi. Hamwere Bhoi is the president of the MPUF.
On the 17th of October, 26 cows worth T. 5,45,600/- were seized from Hawaitilla BOP.
He said that within the last two years, 70 schemes have been introduced by the Narendra Modi government to uplift the poorest of the poor.
The Government should develop and distribute such seeds to the farmers so that their agriculture can increase.
It is clear that there are individuals who use these people to fight for this.
How else can people find joy in the midst of fear and suffering? The State is riddled with corruption and injustice.
The film stars Akshay Kumar along with Riteish Deshmukh, Bobby Deol, Kriti Sanon, Kriti Kharbanda, Pooja Hegde and Chunky Pandey.
The Langdoh Niam together with the Waheh Sankur and the people thanked and prayed to the goddess to protect the children of the Seiñraij Mukhla so that they will have a healthy body and also to drive them to the future. away from this COVID 19 pandemic which has spread all over the world.
The World Bank has ordered all countries to implement Universal Health Care 2030 and provide protection and security to the health of every citizen in the world. , within the year
However, we cannot ignore the closeness of the residents of Mawlynnong, who have been able to raise their village as the holiest village in Asia.
The arrested head of Amrit Cement was identified as Pawan Kumar Yadav.
The KHNAM leader said that although he is not an MLA or MDC, even though he has contested many times in the elections, the people have not elected him. anxious to say things to sustain ARPA in such a turbulent time.
Although the MLA found that there are still some shortcomings here and there regarding the PHC and on the shortcomings he found in the PHC, he said that he will discuss with the government authorities. Shillong: The Secretary, Regional Transport Authority, East Khasi Hills, today informed all vehicle owners and drivers, to leave immediately. They went to the office to collect their hand books, which explain the fares in Shillong.
She also requested the authorities to provide assistance so that the team can conduct training camps and especially to purchase the necessary equipment for this kind of sport. part of the preparation for the National Games.
The belief is that when women drivers are beautiful, it is not difficult to drive the trains that come to the stops. They were beautiful girls, so their eyes turned to these women and they had to drive their trains slowly.
He said that the money has flowed to the ground and if it is given to the people how much benefit will it bring.
We see that in this part of the Reservation Policy it does not mention the People With Disabilities (PWD) whom I mentioned in the Legislative Assembly, they do not have a share in the Reservation Policy and many others who still need to Please review this Reservation Policy.
Police have arrested the accused.
“The Assam police have asked for the account number of this family but they have refused,” said Charles.
On the day of the hearing, the state government said that due to the heavy rainfall in these days, the water level in Umïam has risen by about 10 feet. can pull more electricity.
Therefore, he hoped that if the hospital built at Umsawli is used, it will benefit the people of Mawpat area and the state as a whole as the road, electricity and water supply are available.
She said that the access of these trucks carrying coal across the border from Lumshnong to Malidor is one of the most important issues so that it does not affect and damage the road in the area.
However, the court refused to release bail to Lotu Gadi, brother of Loter Gadi, Field Investigator Officer, who was involved in the case.
The closure will end at 5 pm on the 14th, but will end at 5 pm on the 21st July
The Dkhars give jait to the father and the Khasi to the mother and thus there is a conflict between them in this regard.
“I promise you and we hope that it will be postponed soon.
Jowai, June 22: In the first match of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy which was held today at Kiang Nangbha Stadium Jowai, Mupliang won by 2 -1 goal to Newhills.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Congress women leaders have been shocked by the party's defeat in the MP elections and have decided to work harder to win again.
We heard the presentation from the company and then invited people to give whatever presentation they felt like.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, the union has already requested the PWD Khliehriat office to visit the area to find ways and means to clean up the area. except for the sorrow of anyone.
It is to be recalled that in 2020, the Meghalaya High Court had petitioned the Meghalaya High Court to recognize the followers of the Khasi religion and the Hindus as minorities.
Speaking to reporters, the Director of Meghalaya Higher and Technical Education, CP Gotmare said that the fees of the students will be released soon. He also confirmed that after the release of the funds, the North Eastern Council (NEC) will release the funds from the North Eastern Council (NEC) for the year 2014-2 percent of the fees will be distributed to the students.
These two eternal things never end and never end.
“Of course, all this is through the wise guidance of God, she also praised the teachers of this school who have worked hard physically and spiritually for the students,” said the Principal.
It is learned that during the construction of the market, there is also a road from Tamabil to Muktapur, which is between 500 metres, where the contractor has not consulted with the road. Besides the suspension of work, the improper parking of trucks has also damaged the road and affected the people, said the complaint to the Ministry of Home Affairs. government of India.
Four teams have reached the final, including LASC vs. Lower Langumshing in the men's category and Nonglang NASCFC vs. Kyllonmathei Women in the women's category.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The leaders of the Association Grade IV of East Khasi Hills District have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony in front of the DHS office. in Laitumkhrah on Friday 8th July at 10 pm.
Nongpoh, Nailur 09 : In the friendly football match between the Ri Bhoi Police team and the DC's office, the journalists from Ri Bhoi District have lost. They were defeated 3-0 by the Police team and the DC's office in Ri Bhoi.
Meghalaya-BJP Vice-President and Spokesperson Bernard Marak in a statement said the party will continue to fight against corruption in the state and in all constituencies.
On the other hand, the Officer Incharge promised to take action and not to allow any more chess to be carried through this bridge and he also in a meeting with the union admitted that there has been an overload in the past few days. .
When he contested the election, he went to his father (L) BB Lyngdoh for support.
The temperature in Delhi on Friday was 46.8 degrees Celsius, the highest since
The Assam Police in Jorabat have banned the entry of Meghalaya into Meghalaya because they do not want any disturbance and for now they will temporarily ban for the safety of non-state tourists. Meghalaya has not been immune from any tragic incident until further notice.
However, shortly afterwards, Hokkaido authorities announced that there was no longer any threat from the North Korean missile and that it would not affect the inhabited areas. village.
Bulgaria, Romania and Serbia are the most peaceful countries and Lebanon, Venezuela and Afghanistan are the poorest, according to the census released on Tuesday.
“We want to clarify to the people that our visit should not be delayed but we want to talk to the Government of India and the State Government and resolve these issues,” said Bah Jyrwa. the newspapers in Umïam.
In the final of the U-17 Girls category, Iewrynghep Presbyterian Sec School students of Iewrynghep Presbyterian Sec School defeated Umpohliew Information HR Sec School through a tie breaker of 7-6
The donation was distributed by the Chief Minister at a function held at Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
At a meeting in Smit on Monday, Dr Donkupar said the NDA government has no intention of mining uranium in Meghalaya. the political parties, that it is not a political talk.
The Meghalaya State Karate Federation (MSKDF) has been registered in the state since 1993 and has been appointed as the head of the Karate Association in Meghalaya after being recognized by the Karate Organization of India (KIO). It was led by Hanshi Bharat Bhusan Sharma and is fully recognized by the World Karate Federation (WKF).
The Congress, which won 100 seats in the 2018 elections, has now won only 70 seats.
After Bah Adelbert's speech, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly took the vote of the members of the Legislative Assembly to pass the bill.
Wailad said that if the government wants to improve the factory, it will have to spend up to T.180 and this the government will not be able to spend.
“Let the law go and those who do wrong will not be punished,” said Prestone.
“We will support the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) in its struggle to demand the inclusion of the language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution,” said the President of the KSU. (HYC) Bah Robert Kharjahrin said that the Khasi people should follow in the footsteps of the poet Soso Tham as an inspiration.
These three problems have affected not only the owners of the parks, the contractors in the parks, or the employees of the MCCL and their families but the problem has emerged again. This is because it has also affected the livelihood of the people living in the area from the farmers or the entrepreneurs because there are no more people to buy their products.
On the recent visit of the DGP to the villages in Nongpoh Shillong, the DGP said that it is now the duty of the DGP to visit the border villages of the state to ensure that the people should live happily ever after.
To reduce the traffic jam in Shillong is a task that has no other choice if the government is not willing to take stronger measures.
Nonglang said that there are many cases where the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam has misused the schemes that the government has allocated for the benefit of the people, which has affected the people.
After that, another BJP MP, Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, went to Pal and ordered him to leave the House. I don't know why I left the Dorbar.
Even one of their famous festivals called Chomangkan was inherited from the Pnars.
At present, no one has been able to resolve the issue of the residents of Jowai township. The Urban Development Department has not been able to provide adequate garbage dump to the lakhs of residents of Jowai which has been increasing in number from year to year.
Otherwise, the struggle to protect the jaidbynriew from the infiltration of the mynder, by various means, or by shooting Dkhars, beh Dkhars, will not reach anywhere; but it shall be as the Pnars say, 'THE CHYNRANG WILL GO OUT OF THE HOUSE; THEY WILL BE BEHIND THEIR YEIDE, FROM THE HOUSE TO THE HOUSE.' (The Hynniew Trep men are driven from the house to the house, they themselves are driven from the house to the house).
"I would like to appeal to my colleagues who are still working to work hard to reach this goal of success for this important job that we provide to the community," she added.
The HNLC has recalled that it had arrested Bah HS Shylla earlier, but fortunately, he escaped. “We are still silent now, because we are still preparing the names of those rebels”.
The Secretary of Darrang Village, Kitbok Ryngksai, said that the man had gone fishing and after throwing the ksai into the water, he had released it, but because of the strong and heavy Umngot River, although he knew how to swim, he drowned.
Shillong: A 27-year-old man has surrendered to the police after he collided with a scooty at Pantaloon near the Fire Brigade. .
The Armenian group agreed on Tuesday to surrender all ammunition and military equipment after Azerbaijan ordered the opposition group to surrender all weapons. fight if she wants peace and to avoid future problems.
It is understood that it was this group of people who invaded and established the Indus Valley civilization.
She said that the issues that the MDCs will have to look after are the land, customs and traditions.
In another development, the Rashtriya Loktantrik Party (RLP), which is the coalition party of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), has decided to withdraw from the BJP. Hanuman Beniwal, MP from Nagpur, has also decided to resign from the Lok Sabha if the Indian government does not repeal the Farmers Act.
Not only that, the NHAI employees while talking to the union members said that they are not able to improve the road because the vehicles do not trust the employees and they drive straight where they stop when they stop. for a while and for that reason the workers did not have the opportunity to do the maintenance work properly.
On the closing day of the training, the syrnot was distributed to all the participants by the Waheh Shnong of Namdong-A. K.Shylla President of Tyllilang SHG Namdong – A.Shillong: A dairy cow named Romi of SHG Bah Aiburom Majaw of Umjaiew, has won the first prize among others, by receiving an award from the Ministry of Agriculture for her ability to produce up to 26 liters of milk per day.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Although there have been rumors that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has resigned, other sources have said that the political situation in the state is still in turmoil. He said that the party's president Sonia Gandhi has summoned all the Congress MLAs to Delhi.
On the same day, a group of youths from Nongstoiñ town also carried placards along with slogans calling for the abolition of the order.
“In the state, different religious leaders have come to support me, even I am from the BJP party, this shows that there is no difference even in the state,” he said. Mr. Sanborn.
In the first leg, Nongkrem beat Mawlai 1-0 with the goal scored by Bankyrshan Mawthoh in the 90th minute.
“He said as leaders we have talked to the government to provide adequate health facilities but for many reasons, the government cannot and the construction of this health facility by the private sector will not. “It is a blessing not only to the patients but also to the youth of the area who have completed their studies in the field of health care,” said Stephan.
When we die from this world, it is the women who wait at night for those who sit on our heads and feet and cry for our dead bodies.
The injured including 3 women and 2 men were rushed to the CHC.
In the 2018 elections, he was defeated by Samlin Malngiang, the candidate of the HSPDP. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced another date for the election in Sohiong Constituency.
The total cost of these projects is T.1,000 crore.
In Pakistan, the number of cases has risen to 35,788 with 1,452 new cases.
Nongstoiñ: The rice fields in Umyiap area, have been left standing after the cold weather accompanied by heavy rain on the evening of the 30th and The cold weather continued in some parts of West Khasi Hills yesterday.
They passed these laws from 2004 to 2014 and gave quotas to Muslims by taking away the quotas of SCs, STs and OBCs in Karnataka, he said.
He said that he is happy to be a supporter and to see the smiling faces of the TB patients. The District TB Officer Office, Ri Bhoi District has invited and urged the residents to join hands for the cause. to end TB in the District by coming forward to support TB patients in order to achieve the goal of ending TB by
The Third Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has reached the pre-quarter final.
In the past three months, about 3.06 lakh houses have been constructed under the PMAY-G which have been completed, he said.
The BSF has been in Amlarem for six months.
He said that the village of Bakur, Dawki does not quarrel because there are the village councils which are the authorities to judge and manage the village for the betterment of the village.
He said the party will release the two arrested members on bail.
The entire state should commend the Police Department for taking the initiative and working hard to fight against these alcoholic beverages which have caused the death of those who have become drunk and who are like a new shiah. many families and who have greatly affected the society.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of State, Rangbah RL Kharpran, Chief Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Kur and Samla Roy Kupar Synrem, Chief of Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
The driver of the vehicle, who was injured in the overturning, was taken to Umsning CHC for treatment.
In the second leg, Old Star FC and Golden Lion VFT drew 1-1
While in Jaintia Hills, there is no nod.
“When these parking lots are in place, many vehicles will no longer park along the roads and our roads will become clean and we hope that such roads will lead to the release of "It's a shame," said Conrad.
“I don't want to say that it is anyone's conspiracy in this incident, but it may be the exploitation of other parties in which they have misused their power,” said Pala.
Similarly, before the British rule, the Khasi farmers used to export soh-ñiamtra through traders from Arabia and to Syria.
Although these MLAs have left the party, this has opened up opportunities for new actors and at the same time they have closed the door for the old to turn away.
A.Baranwal, IAS, said, “This is a memorable day in the history of East Jaintia Hills District, because this campaign to the people on health, will help to improve the quality of life. He added that East Jaintia Hills District has the highest increase in HIV cases (2.8%). There is a cure for this disease where those with HIV can live together like others.
Speech was delivered by Waheh Shnong Lama Tellme Dong and he praised the Seng for its contribution to the villagers who are suffering during this time of pandemic.
The CEM said the Government of India is trying its best to bring the state under the Panchayat. “MNREGS is one of the agendas that the Government of India has tried using the 11th Schedule but the results have not been achieved. “This is a clear sign that the Government of India wants to introduce a Panchayat here,” said Shylla.
The deadline for submission of entries is 5th August and should be submitted to the Honorable General Secretary WJDSA.
Shillong, Nailar 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced the new flagship program of the State Government called 'Chief Minister's ELEVATE Program' window to address all the needs of entrepreneurs in the State.
Shillong: A fierce clash has broken out between the police of Sardar police station and the leaders of the HNYF on Tuesday regarding the arrest of nine members of the HNYF.
Although the KSU has not yet come to stand, the police have strengthened the security forces, including the CRPF, SOT and Meghalaya Police.
Bosco Pnar Multipurpose Vocational Training Centre, Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu Jowai has distributed certificates and start up tools to 48 youths who have completed their training in Domestic Electrical Solution and Plumbing General. not included in the MSSDS Project of the first batch.
When he saw his mother crying, he said, "Woman, look at your son.
Whoever is involved, this news is to inform the public and football fans that any equipment if you don't know how to use it, loss or damage is already ahead.
However, this time, they had to accompany and provide security forces to the residents of Lapangap to collect the rice from the fields to fill the thiar for food for all four seasons.
Prestone said that besides the form, telephone numbers will also be provided where people can call to inform the government that they want to return home.
After some discussion, the Covid-19 committee of Ladmawphlang village has accepted the request of NESFAS, and has implemented the quarantine facilities set up for Covid-1
[uncontinued]I read this book.
The lowest amount of electricity bill was cut off from Risting Lawai T.5987.17 while the highest bill was from Bakorlang Lawai at T.47,930.15, Udia Sohtun at T. 43,275.03 and Stella Lawai T.
They are as follows: 'rev' means 'rew', 'barev' means 'barew'
When asked, he said, “In such cases which have been delayed for decades, for more than 50 years, it is not right to say hun, it is not right to say no.
“It is regrettable that there has been an attempt to sell the Raid land of the people,” said Bah War on Friday while taking part in the budget session of the KHADC. The illegal sale of Raid land has led to the displacement of the people who have been living in such areas for decades.
Thank you Narendra Modi, Prime Minister, Amit Shah, for your concern for the Naga people”.
No meeting shall be held after 10:00 pm in Yuŋwalieh, Panaliar.
“He has not been able to protect the rights and ownership of our people by giving the land to Assam,” said Dr Mukul. journalist.
There is no way to believe otherwise.
The opening ceremony was conducted by the Head of the Department of Khasi, Shillong, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar.
Even when the Government has invited foreign companies to work together, they are surprised because they understand that they will not be able to earn enough to pay off the existing debt of MCCL. we cannot understand how difficult it is to run a company and how to make it profitable.
It is the duty of the government to help them as much as it can because it is clear that many of them are working abroad and not the children of the rich. The donation is also for the sake of the disease, not to distribute grants to all of us, instead of feeling we should give more assistance to those who are under quarantine.
Secy.
The NEP, as it came from a democratic country and this has been participated by the youth to explain and explain to the people, there will also be a spokesperson of the NEP so that it can run smoothly. competition and all the tasks to be completed.
The third man, as soon as he arrived at the box, happily tried to open the box, after he had opened the box, he found that it was not. but the precious water that is in the bottle, which is written in this book, This is the water of life, which is prepared for thee.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Brol expressed his satisfaction that the number of voters in Tiehnongbah is still increasing despite the departure of the leading leaders from the party.
Prevention is always better than cure.
Tomorrow, the day of Musiang, the Kmai Raij will take these Deiñkhlam to erect in many villages, while the Khun Raij will take the 'Symbood Khnong' to erect at the head of the village (Chilliang). Raij) and the 'Khnong Blai' shall be brought to Sawiar, so that the Dalloi may give the Khnong Blai to Kñi Nikhla to perform the rituals.
He urged the government authorities to call the two parties to come to an agreement in order to bring peace between the two ethnic groups so that the Pnars living in Block-1 They should be punished as well as the Karbi people living in Meghalaya.
On the part of Samla Teiborlin, his family and the Parish Pyndengrei, they invited all Catholics and non-Catholics to witness this ceremony. .
The MDA-2 government led by the NPP, BJP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, etc. today started allowing Hindi in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly through the speech of the Governor in Hindi.
Bobby B Kharshandi MLA candidate, THS Bonney, one of the party office bearers and government officer were present at the rally. who has retired, who has also stood as an MP candidate in the past.
They also explained that in previous years, foreigners who came to Meghalaya, came only as contractors and worked in government offices.
Shillong, July 17: After the Financial Literacy Campaign (FLC) was launched today at Mustem village under Thadlaskein Development Block, West Jaintia Hills, the farmers of the area were surprised that There are also schemes where they can get pension and they are eager to get it.
To commemorate the hero of Raij Tuber and the hero of Jaintia Hills, the Seinraij Tuber has erected a statue of Woh Tep Kyndait on the occasion of his 355th death anniversary at Tuber Kmai village. .
However, reports said that many of the NPP MLAs do not want the Prime Minister to remove anyone from the NPP, as the party has many MLAs and deserves to have many Ministers in the Government.
The Red Army was reportedly trying to enter Kyiv, but Russian tanks, T-72s and other fighting vehicles were hit from the front and rear. They were forced to flee from the battlefield to save their lives.
In Jammu and Kashmir, 21 people have died, Haryana 16, Bihar 13 and Odisha seven, while Kerala, Jharkhand and Assam have four deaths each.
However, since 2022, the widespread deforestation along the mountain for burning rnga has started.
The vehicle was damaged in the explosion caused by the Maoists.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has paid its last respects to its President, Bah Doris Sulein, who has retired after serving and carrying the heavy responsibility of the people as President. 21 years in a row.
She cited the example that in the order dated January 24, 2023, the government had submitted the guidelines it had prepared to the High Court.
Penalties: This draft Bill does not impose any penalties such as advisory, prohibition, censure, or financial penalties on employers or broadcasters.
Therefore, food should be provided to build up the strength of the cows.
Some went for treatment, but they could not return.
Only the UDP has been able to nominate a candidate due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
At present, it will be a dream to complete the stadium by that date according to the Second Division I-League schedule for the home match of Shillong Lajong.
When the name is given in the Pnar language, it means that it was the Khasi Pnars who first settled there and it proves that it was the Khasi Pnars who settled there first.
This yatra is a symbol of a great step forward for a progressive and inclusive India where everyone is responsible for the development and prosperity of the country. he said.
And she conceived, and bare a son of a virgin, and she called his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins" (Matthew 1:21).
Jaden was able to take the victory and did not allow other drivers.
She said that many of the people send MPs who do not understand their work and do not talk about the assistance schemes that come from the central government such as gas cylinders, health facilities to get treatment from the government. hospitals, poor housing schemes, scholarships and others besides the delay in getting the ILP because these can be implemented inside the Parliament of the country.
The Government of India has already allocated funds for 45 Eklaya schools in the state to help students from poor families complete their education but under the rule of the MDA only one school has been built. The money came from the Minority Affairs Department, which John Birla (Union Minister) has ordered to investigate, because there is a serious delay in the project. If there is an Eklaya school in the state , the students will not have to worry about the cost of food , drink and accommodation , and parents will send their children to study “The cost will be borne by the central government,” he said.
In Jaintia Hills, for more than six months, it has been seen that on the National Highway in Jaintia Hills, foreigners have raped women by forcing them to enter the shops where there are many goods.
Two civilians were shot dead and three others seriously injured when they went to the residence of the Chairman of the Weeraketiya Pradeshiya Sabha.
Raw sugar or jaggery is usually made across the small towns of India as follows:-First, the sugarcane is ground and the sugarcane juice is produced.
East Khasi Hills has 21 cases today, including 18 civilians, while today, there are 28 cases and 26 civilians.
Let us be more disciplined and speak thoughtfully because eating and speaking without thinking leads to sorrow and puts the nation in shame.
It is to be recalled that the reason for the garbage collection in all the markets in Jowai is because the Jowai Municipal Board has stopped collecting garbage after the residents protested under the banner of the Nartiang Elaka Coordinate Committee. Mooshutdai Mookabeng village near Sohphoh village on the pollution of the environment.
“On the government's request to send top leaders of the HNLC to the peace talks, Bah Sadon said that the HNLC leaders who have been leading the peace talks for the past two years are the leaders who have been involved in the peace talks. They have been fully empowered by the party, and who can conduct these talks quickly but the government has remained silent on the top leaders of the party so this plan has been suspended until now.
There are reports that the reason is that the MDC has been forced by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya to contest as the party's candidate after Coming One Ymbon. Another source said that he may be a supporter of Ymbon that the Congress has decided to remove him from the post of Dy.CEM. Lytan denied this and said that if that is the reason, the Congress should have done the same to some of the MDCs who supported other parties especially in War Jaintia after the election. “I will talk to you after the meeting on the 2nd,” said Lytan. “I will talk to you after the meeting on the 2nd,” said Lytan.
This article is a writing to remind all believers about Good Friday - a good Friday because behind it is the day of the victory of Jesus Christ over the chains of death and sin.
However, it was found that in the previous sessions, the Governor has delivered speeches in the House in Hindi, which has caused discontent among the leaders who do not understand Hindi and to suggest that “In this regard, on behalf of the Voice of the People Party, I respectfully inform you that the meeting of the The Parliamentary Party held on the 30th July, 2023, requests you that the speech of the Governor should be written in English and if the Honorable Governor cannot deliver a speech in English, Your office can appoint an interpreter for the entire speech for the benefit of all," said the VPP. which can be understood by all the leaders, we will uphold the principles of transparency, equality and successful governance.
In our age, we see that all our foods and beverages are no longer free from the presence of chemicals.
In the same vein, these Sengbhalang leaders demanded the immediate release of Bah Michael Warjri from the custody of the Assam Police, as Bah Warjri is still in the custody of the Assam Police. Assam.
J.M.Pohsngap, Past President RC-Jowai.
Ferran Torres scored twice in the 68th minute and Lewandowski in the 71st minute to secure the victory.
He urged them to have a strong goal and to strive hard to rise in life and to be awarded the National Award (Rashtrapati Puraskar).
Furthermore, with the aim of improving the electricity works in the area, the Government has spent up to T.10,003 crore since 2014-15, he said.
Speaking in the House, the CEM said that although there is a ban on gatherings, for the employees of KHADC, they have to hold this budget meeting, in order to pay the salaries. salaries of employees as well as the entire staff of the Council.
The final match of Group A for the Round of 16 of the FIFA World Cup on Tuesday evening was a thrilling one for the Netherlands, Senegal and Ecuador, excluding Qatar. which was already doubtful of qualifying after losing both their previous matches.
Birla said Sangma is an inspiration to all through the work he has done and the way he has done it.
This new voice and thinking inspired and gave hope to the people and it is said that Peter gathered up to three thousand in one meeting (Acts 2).
For these reasons, he said that he had the idea to introduce a new idea in the minds of the people to bring about change and it was there that he said that it came into their minds to form a group known as the Campaign For Change.
The government has also set up Village Health Councils in the villages for better health services.
They were like other heavenly bodies—speaking in their own languages.
So he took his life to shock the government and its leaders.
However, all of these have their own advantages and disadvantages.
His son, Bah Dewi Khonglah, said that the funeral service will be held at 12 noon, while the Bangladesh Army will pay tribute to him at 12 noon. at 1 o'clock in the morning.
The LMS has digitized the skills training of people working in PDS. The department also plans to introduce a new scheme to strengthen the technological aspects of PDS by streamlining the process. work based on information acquisition and through data analytics.
The death toll has risen to 2,726, bringing the total to 3,77,0
The residents also informed the Chief Minister that on the night of the 16th of this month, there was a heavy rainfall which caused the floods to destroy all the property in the area. this area.
In the quarter final, H. Elias beat Phila Rapsang Memorial SS 4-2 goals at the Third Ground, Polo.
Nongpoh, July 12: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CORP), Byrnihat Circle, has demanded that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) should set up a There is no PHC in Umtyrnga.
Gogoi said the people of Meghalaya should know why the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma who is also the Convernor of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) has remained silent and has not accepted this. You are the Convenor before the election.
Shillong: The government has not allowed the opening of restaurants on the highways from the 22nd of this month, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. , today said that the state government has allowed the opening of salons/barber shops, beauty parlors and restaurants from 22nd July 2020 throughout the state. state.
Earlier, Mawkyrwat MDC EK Raswai, while moving the amendment motion, suggested that the executive committee should examine the allocation of villages according to the MLA constituency.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Kyrmen Foundation.
The death toll at a government hospital in Maharashtra's Nanded district has risen to 31 after seven more died recently.
The CCIB through this meeting acknowledged that this news is false and misleading news to the farmers and land owners of this border area of ​​East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills, especially those farmers and owners. There are those who don't have the right to speak, and those who want to sell this land in the shyiap area on the border of the land of the ninth trep for the sake of silver.
Namebantei Kharbuli scored the first goal for Sohryngkham in the 9th minute.
For more information, please call 9862210338, 8794861253,
The children who took part in the competition included from Shillong, Shella, Umpung, Mawkyrwat and even from Jaintia Hills.
However, at 7 pm, there was a crowd in which some people carried trees, stones and among the crowd were the Police and Forest Guard of Assam. clashes between the people and the Assam Police.
However, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the Government cannot increase the salary of ASHAs as they are only volunteers.
He said that there are 24 villages in these villages.
Nityanand Rai, Minister of State for Home Affairs, said this in response to a question by Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) MP Haji Fazlur Rehman.
The two foreigners were identified as Babalu Singh, 56, of Kale Diara, Patna and Suranjan Mahto, 39, of Jahangirpur, Bihar.
After 45 years, the Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) under the leadership of Ma Thombor Shiwat has taken a step to revive the Labang Nongphyllut District by appointing an Acting Dolloi for the post. This was stated by the Chief Executive Member of JHADC Ma Thombor Shiwat in the dorbar tlang held on 9th November, in reply to a question by Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai. regarding the fact that the council stands on the border of the State and Assam.
Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Sunday said that unemployment and rising prices of commodities have caused serious problems to the country, and questioned the central government on with these two points.
“On Saturday I visited some border dispute areas and I heard the anger of the people against the TMC for speaking against the Government and the NPP which is trying to resolve the border dispute,” he said. “The people believe that the TMC wants to put them back in trouble,” said Conrad.
She said that the District Election Office will conduct the SVEEP program within these periods.
It was a shitty experience for these ten households.
The meeting was attended by TMC State President Charles Pyngrope, MLA George B Lyngdoh, TMC Vice President James Lyngdoh, TMC Mawryngkneng Constituency Leader Banshanlang. Lawai, TMC Youth Wing Leader Samla Bansharailang Pyngrope, Bah Fernandez SDkhar and others.
He said that this is a sign of the problems that arise in the rule of the synrop groups.
“That's right because the trick is the power and when you shoot and thew it's better in the sohpdung,” said Lamhun.
Criticizing the government for spending too much on unnecessary festivals, James said if the government has money to spend on charitable activities, why doesn't it have money to pay salaries to the employees.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today conducted a pledge at the State Central Library, Shillong among school children and others to be protectors of the environment and to maintain cleanliness.
(chairman) 7085452889.
The project has been implemented by the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA), South West Khasi Hills at a cost of T.2.50 crore. The Girl's Hostel will be run by the Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church.
Likewise, social media like Fb, Instagram, Twitter etc etc. have the opportunity to show the lifestyle of the children who follow and unfollow them.
The Khasi of the village is only a Khasi, and the Dkhar is not allowed.
Shillong, July 06: The Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Peter J Lawai and the Rangbah Dong of Mawmang, Bah Goldenstar Mukhim, today arrested the police while seven others were arrested. appeared in court today.
Teams who have already paid the Renewal Affiliation Fee for 2023 can participate in this tournament.
In the next match, Mawkriah West should have been proud after playing well to support strongly in the back without allowing the players of Umpling to score until the 54th minute. Streamlet Taro scored from the penalty spot (54′).
“We have met with the Deputy Commissioner on the grounds that the participation of children in the elections especially in Sohiong has been discussed,” said Bah Shabong.
and now it is a threat to those who are in the household, to the neighbors.
He said Byrnihat is located on the border of Assam and the factories are on both sides of the border.
Shillong, November 20: With the aim of promoting the skills of the youth of the state, RNB Cement through its Managing Director Gaurav Bajaj has announced that it will hold a public exhibition of magic skills. Shillong's famous magician, Bah John Lanong.
As a political leader, he was brave and whenever he took up any issue he fought from the heart and with all his strength and ability.
This was announced by the Director of TSSDA, India, Nidhi Kumari on 29th November
This is also the day when the Myanmar army celebrates the Armed Forces Day.
Meanwhile, Amandeep has strengthened the team with three goals; in the mini 37′, 38′, 41′.
Foreign shops in Tamulkuchi 13mer, Jorabat and Mawsmai 11mer have already been closed before the arrival of KHADC officials and Sengbhalang groups. .
“You must learn to manage your time so that you can become a good teacher.
BSF troops have seized two gold coins from Hat Thymmai, which were broken by smugglers, when they were chased by BSF troops. Two gold medals weighing 100 grams each and worth T.6.5 lakh.
In order for us to receive true worship we must be those who are dead to the lust of the world and devoted like footballers when they are on the field.
Many of the people who spoke to some of the journalists said that there is no doubt that Bah Ardent has been appointed as the Prime Minister, but what is needed is to win many MLAs. Shillong, Jymmang 30 : U Samla Ankur Das of Shillong has brought honor and glory to the state by passing the Civil Service (CS) Examination of the Union Public Service Commission. (UPCS) in the 52nd position.
In this regard, the union hopes that the DC of East Khasi Hills will immediately close down these range/beat offices as even the residents have complained to the union about the parking of trucks by these officers. The union has affected the people because it causes traffic jams in these areas and if the demand of the union is not met, the union will meet with the Chief Secretary of the state government and also with the Chief Minister of the State Government to fight against this issue because it is useless to set up offices just for the purpose of collecting illegal money and it is useless to celebrate World Environment Day for only one day while and every day he shall eat bread.
Before leaving the Lok Sabha, Rahul Gandhi today said that he has turned to the ruling party, but he has not decided to separate anyone. too.
Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar said that if the elections are held now, it has been decided that seven seats in Jaintia Hills will be filled by the NPP.
“We urge the Government, especially the Chief Minister who holds the key to run the state,” he added.
The Minister in charge of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the state government, under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, has fought for the look at the education sector in this state.
As a sign of respect for the heroes of the country, the program also included photographs and information about Who Kiang Nangbah. under the leadership of Ladwan Dkhar and his team.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today strongly criticized the Indian government for its handling of the coronavirus and especially for the registration of vaccine candidates. via the CoWin website.
The purpose of this scheme is to encourage those farmers who farm fish to increase the income of the farmers in this area.
The UCC is a proposal to implement personal laws for citizens that will apply to all citizens.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 162 people have been confirmed with the virus and there are 2820 active cases in the state.
“The doctors have ordered him to stay at home, we don't allow him to go anywhere and we order him to stay at home.
Kamphereiei completed his matriculation from Tluh Secondary School, but after the coal mining lockdown, he almost dropped out of school due to the lack of income of his parents, who earn their living by mining coal.
Schnellinger, who has played for AC Milan and AS Roma, has been a prominent player in recent years and has been a successful player.
Moosalyngkat opened the scoring in the 25th minute through Datngen I Dan for more than 10 goals in the first half.
He said the state government is ready to finalize the rule of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 and it will come into force soon.
Niaw Wasa Utd SCC, which represents Meghalaya in the Hero Futsal Club Championship, will play against Telongjem FC (Nagaland), Delhi FC and TRAU FC (Manipur) in the first round.
Besides the Deputy Commissioner, Dr. Tammiyaki Shylla BDO, Wapung C&RD Block, Village Leaders and residents of the village were also present at the meeting. u Jamris Morning.
Sikkim has reported one new case of coronavirus today.
He said that he does not have a job in public service and public life.
