Besides, Bah Nongteiñ said that almost all the villages in the area live on the cultivation of kwai, tympew, 40 kinds of soh and pai.
The case, which lasted for 17 years, was found to have stolen T.37.7 crore from the treasury in Chaibasa in the 1990s.
National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang on June 4 said that supporting and voting for the Congress is like sitting on a sinking ship.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there are more than 9000 cows in the state which have been affected by this disease.
On the 18th morning, the Langdoh of the religion together with the leaders of the Niamtre of the Tuber raid, went to the khloo blai or law kyntang and offered thanks to the Ryngkew ki Basa of the Tuber raij.
The claim that without the BJP no one can form a government is a successful plan.
They are President-Rev. PBM Basaiawmoit, Vice President (two) Dr. TM Hynniewta and Rgh.SR Syngkli, General Secretary-Rgh.Edward Kurbah (ex MLA) and other office bearers.
If teachers are no longer respected, what will happen to others? If we as citizens allow these kinds of people to sit in the Legislative Assembly, don't be afraid or surprised if they steal the wealth of the people and loot what is in it. your state.
MCSWA is currently one of the voluntary organizations working under the MACS project to assist injecting drug users (IDUs) in West and East Jaintia Hills Districts and Female Sex Workers. who is married klumar.
camp iu dto corruption.
Before giving birth, she had to ask herself how to make the child she was going to give birth to human.
Shillong: Employees of EMRI 108 under the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union, today came to announce a strike, due to the disagreement between GVK EMRI and the State Government in which they promised to resolve their issues. They have been applying for two months but they have not been able to fulfill their request and the deadline for two months has expired yesterday.
Conrad was speaking at the NPP's election campaign rally in Jowai on Tuesday, while launching the party's election manifesto titled “People's Document-Vision 2023-2
The two villages led by the Sordar of Umphyrnai, Bah Lovingstone Kharkongor and Bah Pyndaplang Kharsahnoh, Sordar of Lamlyer Village led the ceremony in the presence of the village officials from these villages.
From Tynring to Nongmynsong, 4.5 passengers are charged and the taxi fare is 50 tyngka per person, which is the price for only three passengers.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, has confirmed that the police will not allow any disturbance in the law and order in the district.
He said that on 11th June 2020, the Ministry of Home Affairs was removed from James K Sangma, but this too has not been able to curb the smuggling of coal. On 4th October 2020, four persons were arrested along with 24 coal trucks, one of whom was arrested, the brother of the Minister of Revenue.
She also mentioned the number of Acting Syiems and Acting Sirdars which UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy told the media that the KHADC has failed to appoint full-time Syiems and Sordars.
The Association said that the Minister of Education has not given any promise and on this basis the Association has decided to continue to fight until the demand is met.
At the same time, he urged the people to take care of the environment from the rivers, hills, plains, forests, so that the heritage will survive. those in power have decided to destroy all the beauty of nature.
These Karbis have lodged a complaint at Jrikyndeng Police Station on 15.4.2023 and in this regard, the District authorities from both sides have come to the scene on 18.4.2023 to stop the incident.
Claudia A Lyngwa said that on the 3rd June 2020, the hospital authorities said that the man had escaped from the hospital at 4 pm.
Are there children who respect others more than their parents?
“We want as a nation from now on we should be united – Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War.
Speaking to reporters, the DKRSRBD Chairman Rocky Kylla, CB Syiem General Secretary and EG Kharbani, Finance Secretary, strongly condemned the violence. The current government is led by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
We know how we are misled into abandoning the faith inherited from our ancestors once it became a religion.
All the children of farmers who have attended school or college in their villages or urban areas know and understand all the following facts:1
The opposition group will be led by Ma Vincent Pala, MP from Shillong Constituency.
He said the Modi Government is working to bring order in the Cooperative Act according to the Constitution without violating the rights of the States and the Central Government.
The song was composed by Ram Suchiang.
This is just a ploy to rig the elections when it is time for the people to elect new leaders and the government that there is no other way because it is difficult to create jobs for up to 5 lakh people and this is a promise. in the wilderness that the people should be wise to understand and not be misled.
Any posters, flags, placards of any political party may be displayed only on private property with the consent (NOC) of the property owners or private property and no one is allowed. Political Parties/Candidates or their followers to use land, houses, wells or grounds etc. without the permission of land owners, private individuals to erect flags, posters, post letters or write any writings or comments against other Parties.
It was on the initiative of Mushahary that the government has implemented and provided a proper office and has also appointed other employees under the Lok Ayukta.
Recently, Bah Banteidor, who is the Working President of the PDF, said that the party will take a decision in due course.
Earlier, the Chairman of the Education Cell of the HYC, Samla Enlang Sawian, in an interview with the media on Tuesday, announced that the HYC together with the students of various colleges in the state will hold a march. People from Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah to the parking lot opposite the Additional Secretariat office.
One of the officers in charge of the Border Security Force (BSF) expressed the problems related to the Border Areas in terms of roads, water supply, Border Fencing. advise the officers on how to act and create opportunities to address the problems faced by the people in the rural areas especially those in the Border Areas from time to time and especially to bring forth peace.
“Myntri, we have to think for the sake of development,” she said.
In the past years, scientists in charge of agriculture, environment and even scientists in charge of wine production have come from time to time to meet and interact with him.
Tomorrow, there will be thunderstorms with thunderstorms and heavy rain in parts of the state.
The Jews cannot forget this Holocaust and say that it will never happen again and that is true because God has already ended the age of Gentile rule in Israel and Jerusalem.
“In other areas, the State Government in collaboration with the Khasi Author Society (KAS) has provided the necessary assistance.
Real Kashmir Football Club are currently in fourth position in the Indian Super League 2022-2023 season.
However, we are pleased to point out that in Meghalaya, the people are not very worried about the price increase.
It is usual in households with children to wake up early in the morning when they are asked for tea and cry without understanding.
I'm going to meet you.
The 25th Anniversary will last throughout the year and there will be many programs prepared by the organization during this year.
After the demonstration or training on how to help those affected by earthquake or fire, a program was held to train the public, in which the Additional Deputy Commissioner took part. Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper who spoke and urged the people to use these training facilities so that it will be of great benefit in case of earthquake or fire at any time. know how to protect yourself and also how to help others who are affected.
Meghalaya is a country.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPPF) has sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya for not allowing a proper discussion in the Legislative Assembly. The opposition has demanded the removal of the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal.
Rani said the NOC should be obtained every year.
Elgiva criticized the Union Home Minister and BJP leader Amit Shah for his insulting remarks by labeling Meghalaya as a corrupt state.
“The truth is what we believe.
Bah Ribor Makdoh – E/C member of UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
Rev Shanbor Basan, Secretary, while briefly speaking on the history of the Presbytery, said that the budget for the construction of the Presbytery building has reached T.28,50,0 , while the value of the land reaches T.5,18,000 (Three Lak Khatphra Hajar tyngka) but through the kindness of Tbn HD Ropmay who is the owner of the land and who is also the son of the Prebytery has reduced it to T.5,18,0 4 lakh rupees.
“Earlier, the lawyer of the CMJ Foundation admitted that the High Court had accepted the petition.
The Indica was damaged while the Bolero fell 20 feet into the road.
“There is a feeling that the number of women in the VEC is still low,” said James Sangma.
Shillong: The death toll from coronavirus has risen to 18 today. These include Lumson Nongkhlaw (65) of Nongpoh, Ribhoi District, who died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong, Lhakpa Dikki Sherpa, 32, of Upper. Mawprem, 45, of Iewduh, Lyngkyrdem, who died at home on 12th June
The six youths whom War had given a job in Chennai returned to Shillong on 12th June and later on 2nd July they lodged a complaint with the police. They alleged that they were deceived by Ms War, whom they mentioned in the ejahar, that she sent them to Chennai with the promise of employment at a missionary residence and promised to provide opportunities for They said that when they arrived in Chennai, the job they got was to stay at home.
According to a statement issued by JFEPA Secretary, Ma NK Lamare, said that from 1st October 2022, rawon will be allowed only to khwai in the Rampyrthai (Mutong) area in accordance with the rules laid down by the union.
The National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its concern over the incident by robbers in the border area with Assam and strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the police should arrest those involved immediately.
The District Council should also take responsibility to ensure that the residents who live near the rivers do anything responsibly.
PWD Minister Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Monday said that the land acquisition in some parts of the road has not been completed yet.
The meeting also discussed the proposal to move the equipment from MCH Nongstoiñ to Mawkyrwat, in which all the political parties who attended the meeting, strongly opposed and said that they will No one is allowed to take the equipment from Nongstoiñ to Mawkyrwat.
He said that the RKM runs 77 schools and training centers especially for the youth who have dropped out of their studies.
“Do we just watch and watch when such things happen?” he asked.
To bring about clean governance and protect the environment are the main issues of the party in the elections held on Tuesday.
He said that the RBYF will not stand idly by in the future, and the RBYF troops are ready to come forward to eradicate this type of alcoholic beverage which threatens the youth and also the The union also requested the cooperation of the women's organizations, village authorities to work together to eradicate this bih.
As per the Covid protocol, the arrested persons have been taken for medical test and RT PCR and have been placed in quarantine center until their results are received.
He said the goal of the NEC is to promote literacy among the children, not just to read lyndey lyndet but to promote knowledge in relation to science.
The NPP is now in the Intensive Critical Care Unit (ICCU). We don't need to read and listen to the news.
In this regard, the party urges the people of Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills and the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep as a whole not to allow even 10 inches of Khasi land to go to Assam.
Therefore, we have sent back the members of the party with a request and our request is that when they are ready please inform us, because we are waiting for the talks to continue,” he said. said Prestone.
The opening ceremony was also attended by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Shngainkupar Syngkli, Kong Kyntiew Nongsiej, Village Leaders and residents of Sohlaitrim. Soleithrim.
On the other hand, he proposed that the Executive Durbar of the Hima Mylliem should include up to 38 members, instead of the current 11 ministers, of which the 38 members will also include the chiefs. Raid from Ribhoi, Rangbah Shnong, Leaders of the Union of Women's Organizations of Mylliem Hima, Union of Youth Organizations of Mylliem Hima.
We say that it is evil, but it has its good if it is done well and it has its evil if a person does evil.
Shillong, Naitung 07: U Bah Jambor War, EM in charge of the Elaka Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is still waiting for the three himas to come to the elections. The KHADC has decided to appeal against the MoU signed by the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
Shillong: On the 19th of this month, police received a tip from Ma Hunlang Bareh, Rangbah Shnong of Umtyra, that there was a body of a woman, aged 30 to 35 years. don ha one street.
The CEM was speaking at a meeting of the Rambrai Area Development Forum held at the Dorbar Hall, Khlieh Iew Rambrai.
For many years, the crops have not been harvested due to natural disasters and last year due to heavy rains, the crops have been severely damaged.
In the second match, Pasyih Cultural beat Kseh Sylle Ïalong 3-2
In recognition of his sacrifice, the HNLC has declared this day as the Martyrs' Day of the party, said Bah Nongtraw.
' The question is where do these CMs earn so much money? How did their wealth suddenly increase as soon as they became CM? Do they work in any trade? They cannot support themselves even from the salary alone.
On Saturday, Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh inaugurated the road and footpaths.
If the shyiengkrung is not right, You cannot hold them at all; Yes, I understand the answer, Don't worry, everything will be all right.
Police later seized the vehicle and the mobile phone used by the suspect.
In the second innings, SCA-A scored 46/3
““The team has recently improved to 99th in the world and I am pleased to say that this will be to encourage and motivate their players.
Meghalaya Police have appealed to all residents to refrain from discussing the subject of racial discrimination and if found speaking against race, they will be taken into custody for investigation, according to the rules of law. .
The government has also confirmed that as soon as the talks start, all the cases will not affect anything and will not disrupt the peace talks,” said Bah Nongtraw.
In the Nongthymmai area, 11 villages have signed a memorandum of understanding with the Urban Development Department of the Government to implement this cleanliness project outside the Municipal area.
After a while, they sent her husband to collect money and pay the 20 lakh tyngka and the other was set at the police station at 3 pm.
Besides the chief guest, the President of the Basket Hound Club Mawkyrwat, Bah Freddy Marweiñ and Wanskhemlang Lyngkhoi, Secretary, were also present.
“I like to see the work of the officers in the farms and the work in the farms is very beautiful,” he said.
The Sordar said that such an incident happened in 2020 and was committed by Florida Kharshiing, resident of Nongrah Shillong.
On the death of Kadu, many trade unions have expressed their condolences and sent their condolences to his family.
They have suffered severely after eating a wild tit harvested from the forest near the village since Friday last month.
He said, “Ah, if you don't know, you don't know TODAY (32AD).
Speaking on the constituency, he said that the backwardness of Pynthorumkhrah cannot be overlooked because even though it is a good constituency to develop because even New Shillong falls under this constituency.
Yes.
She encouraged mothers to give birth in hospitals and encouraged them to ensure that newborns and poor mothers receive adequate medicines and treatment.
KN Kumar said that the Meghalaya government through the Meghalaya Milk Mission is working to address the shortage of milk in the state in order to improve health in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 12: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, former member of FKJGP and KSU in the past years who has been appointed as Minister in the State Government on 12th November 2022, has strongly criticized the authorities. hundreds who come to contest elections for their own personal gain.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has hit Sohra city yesterday and today.
Therefore, you parents, correct and follow after your children whom you have born in this world, that they may be :-*Your strong trees, parents.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Donkupar said, “I have seen that there are many who demand civil sub-division and those who demand district. to get the district"
He also congratulated the 108 team for providing services to the people and urged them to do better in the future.
According to sources, the body was first found by the residents of the area who immediately informed the police for further investigation.
Rymbai said that if the construction of the Battalion Outpost continues, the time will come when it will be held at Langpih and Meghalaya will have to take responsibility.
He urged the need for the cooperation of all the states in the region with the support of the Central Government.
In the fight against corona virus, there are many types of masks and methods of making them, but for one person, who is in Pimpri-Chinchwad district of Pune; He made his own mask, which is made of gold and costs T.2.89 lakh.
“We have talked and we talk to each other but we have not been able to do so because we have many jobs and Assam still has elections to come.
According to information received by this reporter, the shop was known as Md Majmul Tire Shop and the incident happened at 10 pm after the owner of the shop. The shopkeeper went to sleep in the house where he lived nearby.
After this, Lumparing started to regain control until the end of the minute, but time was short and Laitkor managed to win 4-1
The State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has revealed the involvement of many people in power.
The question is whether the Government will listen and approve the request of the Harijans who have been illegally settling in this area for decades or whether it will take action according to the law. within the State.
If we can really support farmers to produce food that does not harm health, then their income will increase, and others who are not yet involved in agriculture will also encouraged to start the production of jhur, jhep, soh, pai and other food items.
As far as I know, he has not gone through the Circle (which is according to the rules of procedure to approve and send to the district,” he said.
After the Holy Mass, the Constitution of the Jowai Diocese Youth Wing was launched by Rev Fr Ferdinand Dkhar in the presence of other priests. to the Longkmie, the Elderly, the Children and the Young Men.
He expressed his regret that the Meghalaya government has not listened and has not done anything to provide protection to the people of the area which borders with Assam despite their repeated complaints. .
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the youths who have returned from the areas where the corona virus is highly prevalent are those who are in the Red Zone or Hot Zone. Spots will have to undergo 28 days quarantine at their homes or in special places prepared by the government.
Coach Alison Kharsyntiew said that in the last match they lost but this time they will play hard and take advantage as it is a home match.
Speeches were also delivered by the Commissioner & Secretary of Agriculture, PS Kumar, in the presence of Dorothy Syiemiong, B. War, Director, MAMETI and others. .
The sister of the deceased has lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station and the case should be registered.
Mondal also recognized the Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF).
Speaking to reporters at his office, Dr Mukul said, “It is true that there is a need to discuss the mining policy. the subject".
When the Minister heard of the problem faced by the Sohtrun farmers, he had to take action.
The brother is 15 years old and the sister is 12 years old.
Urging the people to take full part in the voting, Kumar urged the citizens of the country to exercise their rights granted by the Constitution of India by participating. in the counting of votes, so that the voice of each other can be heard and counted together.
He said that it is difficult for all the youth to get government jobs and urged the youth not to rely only on government jobs because even their own job is a way to get government jobs. fulfill the needs.
All the roads included under the major schemes of MDoNER namely NERSDS and NESIDS have been implemented either by themselves or through the North Eastern Council (NEC). , to 169.51 Km in the last three years in Meghalaya.
The clashes took place between students from Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland, Assam and Tripura and Bengali students on Tuesday.
This was announced by Bah Paul Lyngdoh after a meeting with 33 foreigners whose shops have been closed down in Nongmynsong by the KHADC in the past few days. Hek MLA Pynthorumkhrah who is also a Minister of State.
Ma Holando demanded that the council should cancel the NOC and urged the council to resolve the issue with the land owners who have been affected by the signboard in War Jaintia.
Speaking in the Dorbar, Bah Carmel said that Clause-2 (17) which speaks of the appointment of Rangbah does not apply at all, and also that Clause-2 (17) which speaks of the appointment of Rangbah -2-(20) which refers to the Rangbah Dong as sub-traditional heads also does not apply.
On the allegation by BJP MDC Bernard Marak that he has not received RTI when he asked for information on the expenditure on the Covid-19 pandemic, Bah Hek said that RTI will be more timely, but he will receive. It is the duty of leaders, political parties and private individuals to request RTI if they do not agree with the reply given by the government.
“But in my opinion, the private individual has the free right to decide whether it is safe for him to leave on that day because it will be dangerous if anything happens,” Muralidharan said.
Players (male and female) under 14 years of age must be born between 30-11-2009 and 30-11-2
The bank management said that any members of the bank who wish to continue their membership with the bank will have to pay a new membership fee according to the new rules of the bank.
On the other hand, the union urges the forest authorities not to allow such illegal activities, by alleging that if the forest department does not have a hand in this illegal activities, how can they escape? on the Highway until you reach the cleared area.
Shillong, Naitung, 02: Senior officials from Delhi on Tuesday inspected the landslides and damage caused to the residents of Mawlat village, a village under the in Mawkynrew Community and Rural Development Block.
Many thoughts came to her to ask herself, “Is it because I haven't slept with him for many days? "These things she did made her sad. "It's because I drove him away from me..." She said again one by one. Rida was surprised that her mother had disappeared. where i am.
The Union congratulated the winners and encouraged them to work harder in various sports competitions. The Union also encouraged and encouraged those who did not win not to lose hope. , but they must work hard to win the next tournaments.
Human respect has disappeared and wealth speaks volumes in our society.
It was during that time that the land of Israel was taken over by many nations and kings who ruled over it.
The two day workshop was attended by more than 200 participants including hospital management, doctors, nurses and staff of NEIGRIHMS to explain and inform them about the donation. Deceased Organ Donation and Transplantation.
Shillong: The curfew has been imposed on the entire market and Khyndai Lad due to the closure of Anjali Pump by the police.
Protection of interest of minorities.
Paul in II Corinthians 10:5 writes, 'For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds; ….
I would like to remind you that in this place, where in the past few years, the office of UCIL and Maheswari Company used to enter for prospecting, I have suspended the work. In 2012, when I was in the Government, after being informed by the youth of Nongjri-Nongkulang.
Shillong: Although they are our people, we will not be afraid and we will act strongly, said a statement from Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC today.
Another inheritance has been closed or given to others.
From a Christian standpoint, the conflict between the UCC and the faith may be in relation to marriage and marriage.
“Bah Justman Kharmih in the Pansara of August 1978 wrote, “Shillong, which is the brain of Meghalaya, has decided that it cannot form a government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Thomas said that the ban on the Internet in the state is a violation of the Right to Information.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the sale of knives, knives and other items in public places. and across the road at Police Bazaar and Jail Road, Shillong.
This is because millions of citizens have had to breathe this bad air which can seriously affect their health if they have to live in this way.
However, in another report, it was said that the Congress party, although it has lost the trust of the people; Speaking to u SP News Agency, Youth Congress President Richard Mrong Marak said the Congress party is now trying to talk to private MDCs and MDCs. He said that the Congress can form an EC in GHADC although not now at the beginning but it will ensure that it will overthrow the current EC led by the party. NPP. In the GHADC elections, the NPP has the highest number of MDCs and the party does not have any coalition groups including the GNC which has 3 MDCs. The BJP has already confirmed that it has already captured 3 out of 7 independent MDCs and has confirmed that it will form a new EC.
“iv).
He said that in these days, he has started visiting the villages to explain to the people about the party's policies and it is up to the people whether they accept or not. He also left it to the wisdom of the people to establish according to their own understanding so that they can see the changes in the years to come.
“The government will send us the documents of the laws and we will read them before we sit down and take a decision,” said Samla Khyriem.
“All living things from humans to animals are one and man as a special creature should not affect the habitat of animals, so that diseases carried by animals do not spread to Pastor HH Mohrmen while distributing the 133rd Anniversary Message of the Unitarian Church in Jowai on Thursday.
There are many different departments.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of JHADC under the leadership of CEM Ma Thombor Shiwat today visited Lumshnong area to inspect the operation of cement plants including Star Cement, TopCem, Dalmia and JUD and others.
Nongpoh: A few days after one of the elders of Umsamlem village in Ri Bhoi district, tested positive for COVID-19, the village along with the neighboring villages and The village has been closed down and no one has been able to leave the road, except for the volunteers of the village and government officials.
According to the newspapers, the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has not followed the rules and regulations properly. After 10 or 12 days, the JMB's actions have not differed from those in Mynkjai.
“If you ask about what will happen to the NPP, I will tell you on June 14 (which is the counting day).
Police have charged the suspect under Sections 364 and 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Through the resignation of Ma Stephanson Mukhim, four MDCs, who are also MLAs, have resigned and these include Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister in charge of Districts. Council, KP Pangniang, who has decided to resign, and Ardent Basaiawmoit, who has submitted his resignation letter last month.
The 1st Lakadong District Knockout Football Tournament 2021-22 started on 15th November and was attended by 16 teams from Lakadong District.
m for the young men and women from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep.
Speeches were delivered by John F Kharshiing, Leader of the Opposition Pynshngain N Syiem, EMs of KHADC including KP Pangniang. Shillong, June 4: Accidents in India are most common at night, according to scientists from the Central Institute. of Road Transport, Government of India, said that up to 60 percent of road accidents occur at night.
“Don't believe too much in social media, social media is like the old cinema, if a good actor dances, we just follow them, we just follow them.
But the Jews denied that Jesus was the one sent by God to be their king and their Messiah, because they did not know the truth of God's Word.
He said that no matter how well you do, there will always be criticism, but you should not do politics but do what is necessary.
However, the Syro Malabar Church in Kerala has its own laws to decide who will take care of the children if there is a divorce.
Khliehriat, March 25: Two employees of Dalmia Cement Ltd, Thangskai in East Jaintia Hills District have been injured while burning the statue of Rabon on the day of the festival. puja after the baptism of the gods on the day of Baar.
Beloved, You have the key of the Lord to our lives to open, to open if anyone shuts.
However, we also believe that the development of Meghalaya will come through tourism and in the tourism sector, many have expressed that the ILP will be against which could lead to losses in the tourism sector,” said Sinha. Speaking to reporters after the release of the Election Manifesto of the BJP today.
The purpose of this meeting was to bring about unity and order among the residents of the border and neighboring villages and the Khasi Pnar residents of the Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang Elaka. tip like Block-1
Why don't we have good roads, why don't we have good schools, why don't the youth need jobs, all the reason is that the prime minister and government ministers are selfish,” he said.
These teams are in Group B where they have played four times.
“To decide who is poor or rich will be up to the government after the census,” he said.
Only three Meghalaya batsmen scored 10 runs or more, Sharma with 20 runs, Roy with 16 runs and Emisakani Warjri with 12 runs.
In fact, they should have understood that the most successful thing is not the lack of marks or percentage or the lack of jobs but the lack of intellectual development until we reach the point where our children do not they can no longer affirm what is good and reject what is evil.
“If the CRPC and IPC are still in force, why the ILP which is still complete,” said Bah Adelbert.
Roland ShadapAsst.Secy district wise (Cachar, Hailkandi and Karimganj): Samla Khyrsan Lamin: Samla Manar Shylla: Samla Kroswel AmseFinance secretary: Samla Jumem KhongmuitEducation Secretary: Samla Jhorna SyrtiOrganising secretary: Samlayi William S ThereSturaldo secretary us TariangEnvironment and employment secretary: Samla Manbha SympliSports secretary: Samla Philimon BuamDiscipline secretary: Samla Sunila Lamare.
In those tourist spots where money is collected, there should be volunteers who will walk up and down to ensure that visitors to the tourist spots do not throw away plastic, bottles and garbage.
Besides, after the inspection of the leaders and members of UHM on the 23rd who were attacked and injured by the Karbi, it is no longer safe for the tourists or those who go to farm because they have been thrown into the ground. “There are people who are disrupting the peace and order in these areas,” said Sumer.
On this occasion, U Sangot, who is the village announcer and whom the CEO Meghalaya has used to attract voters, took part in explaining to the residents of Jowai.
What is the role of MLAs and MPs? Their primary responsibility is to make laws, so they are elected to the Legislative Assembly.
When inquiring about the wish of these leaders who wanted the government to complete the construction of the Polytechnic for the benefit of the youth, one of the Shnong Leaders said that not only the Village Leaders The Village Leaders have already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to speak to the Government. They have not received any reply from the government and the Polytechnic is still closed as it was during the inspection.
Besides, government officials and representatives from various government departments including the Soil and Water Conservation, Forests and Environment, Education, Agriculture and Horticulture Departments were also present.
The State Government has urged the Hima Sohra and Mawmluh Elaka to look into the Government's proposal to introduce a Joint Venture into MCCL to revive the factory.
The Father is the Provider of food, drink, clothing, teacher, teacher, O mothers and honorable leaders of our nation, have you seen the most precious thing in your life? God, speaking of mothers, says: “Your wife will be like a stone around your table.
At present, these roads are highways, so if there is no footpath, it can cause injury and suffering to the people.
The program was conducted by BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang and General Secretary. The members were accompanied by BJP State President Khlursing Lyngdoh and General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty.
Sonam's invitation to Charles's accession celebration was also to introduce the Commonwealth Virtual Choir which has been attended by 56 Commonwealth countries.
“Even though he was the youngest in the family he was someone who exuded maturity.
Reginald said that if this is the case, the government should authorize the Sengbhalang and the KSU and FKJGP are ready to search the people at the gates.
This income from these arshaka has helped them to find employment in this difficult time.
Please be careful not to mix religion or church with our support.
The High Court has ordered that the hearing will be held again on November 19 to await the report of Justice Katakey on the reply of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills regarding the coal mine. he found as appeared in the 18th report.
The party also wanted to raise a question on the absence of the Nongmihkhmat of our constituency from the meeting of 7 MLAs from Ri Lum Jaintia.
Since the district council was established, no one has tried to strengthen it and they have done the same as in
“How can the DCA, which consists only of appointed officers, challenge the bills passed by the district council which is a body empowered by the Constitution of the country when the MDCs are the ones who have been appointed? elected by the people and this has shown the ignorance of the people in the legal department of the state government and the people in the government”.
Furthermore, the defeat of the UDP in 2013 was the mistake of the UDP who rejected the original UDP and did not listen to the majority, but in 2014 the party won the MDC elections, although The 2018 election is difficult to contest and so is the
“There are teachers who want to commit suicide because they have no hope for their future, there are teachers who are crying and there are those who are getting sick because of their dismissal. he said, "I'm going to stay here.
The Minister replied that the government has provided financial assistance to various sports associations in the state and said that the government has allocated Rs 1.25 crore to support 264 youths. The Minister said that he will seek information from the MPSA in this regard. When asked for further clarification, the Minister, Bah Eugeneson, asked whether the government has prepared the teachers. The government has trained the athletes of the state to provide adequate training before they participate in the National Games and whether the government will provide the sports grounds it has built for the purpose of hosting the National Games. Replying to the Sports Associations, the Minister said that the government is still looking into the names of the teachers whom the Sports Associations have sent to the government. The Government will decide whether the Government will allocate sports grounds to the Sport Associations.
Instead of breaking it into the river, the district authority will build a tank up to 8x8x4 feet high made of tin and the Dur Blei will be placed at Syntu Ksiar part of the Myntdu River and will be removed. immediately and shall be immersed in the tank filled with water.
However, that night, he opened fire on those who were in the area even though they had no reason to shoot him.
After receiving a tip on the incident, a police team led by HK Kharkongor MPS SDPO Mairang, TS Mawdoh and Special Cell personnel rushed to the scene. independent witness to find out the facts.
Poimon Laloo and Ma Runa Rabon.
“It is shocking to the state, the vigilantes, the Dorbar Shnongs, the Sengbhalang and me as a volunteer to know that there are only 3,000 drug users but the money for three years the expenditure is Rs 9.28 crore.
Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, PD Sangma, said that the Mission will be implemented in West Khasi Hills as well.
God's Word says much about the Bible texts that we can find when we read it.
Meanwhile, the Executive Chairman, Board of Investment Government of Bangladesh recalled the spirit of Capt.
He had to leave Shillong longer; When he came home, the sky began to darken.
“To be an MP is not easy, now that I am wearing a juti I understand clearly where the prek u dung is,” said Ampareen. It has led to the outskirts of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat and up to 450 villages have already been involved.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has sent a petition to the Minister of State for Education, Ramesh Pohkhriyal, on the introduction of the Draft National Education Policy, , will bring education to the whole country.
Demanding that the KHADC should cancel the NOC, the KSU also denied the allegation that the KSU members have assaulted and assaulted the employees. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, but we don't want to hurt anyone,” said Bah Lambok Marngar.
In the Qualifier 2, R.Shkenshynriah SC beat R.Iawpynsing SC 2-1 goals. Hikaidame Bareh in the 5th minute and Roiboklang Bareh in the 96th minute.
Afterwards, the Pastieh dance was attended by the Wamon, the Doloi, the Langdohs, the Rangbah Kur and other religious leaders of the raij.
Shillong, Jymmang, 10: The Annual Kur Meeting of the Doloi/Hat/Sohpdang held on Saturday at Niangbarilum Village, Ri Bhoi District to discuss the relationship between the Doloi/Hat/Sohpdang and others. Lyngdoh, Sohtun, Pambah and others from the ancient change of race which can lead to misleading relationships and endanger the marriage of those who do not know the origin of their own race. , because there are no ancient writings and the relationship of the shikur is known only by the stories of the 'Beimen-Wohmen' who are shikur.
MePWU, the Union of Contractual/Casual Workers, has demanded that the Management should formulate policies for the full strengthening of the casual workers who have worked for a long time in MeECL. The Union has no choice but to hold a strike for the first time from 29th, 30th and 31st July. This year by holding a protest from 5th to 16th November at MeECL grounds, Lumjingshai, Shillong,” said Bah Kiri.
On the other hand, the DC invited the leaders to talk but at first they refused and later they agreed to listen to what the DC had to say.
“In the history of the state, the existence of clean governments has happened since the past years and until now but to say that the bus stop is unacceptable,” he said. added.
Lajong need to play hard in the third match of the tournament against Ambernath United on the 16th in Mumbai to improve and also to secure a place in the I- League.
The deterioration of the Jio network in Nongthliew Village has caused a lot of anger among the residents who use the Jio network. It's not good to talk on the phone, especially when it's 4 o'clock to 12 o'clock in the evening. message.
Police have continued to seize drugs especially on the border with Assam in East Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi districts.
“The person whose name has appeared in the national media is an accused person and not a convicted person.
In the women's final, Lumparing SC beat Synrop FC (Team-A) 4-1
He was ordained Lyndoh Sohblei on 23rd July,
With 43,529 cases, Kerala has recorded the highest number of cases in the state.
This tendency works well not only in the city but very strongly in the rural areas, where people are constantly lured by the power of money just a night before voting.
said the Prime Minister.
Mr.Hamjhan H.Dkhar, RaliangEi Happy Kopati Puja to all of you, to all the men, women and children;
Robert said that after the complaint, the committee had summoned Pearl S Lyngdoh, mother of Varun and Sheena, but she did not come. the –second time but it didn’t come.
“The report of the inquiry by the committee is clear, but if the people want another inquiry, it will only prolong the time,” he said.
The Minister expressed the intention to provide financial assistance to the musicians for the purchase of musical instruments.
After the investigation, the body parts were taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem and then taken back to Shillong for further post mortem. They have conducted a thorough examination to find out the manner of death of this man and especially to find out the robbers involved in this crime which has shocked all the people.
Other leaders of political parties in the NDA, including the Shiv Sena, RJD, SAD and others, have agreed to Modi's proposal.
Other speakers included JP Sharma, IQAC Coordinator, Dr. EM Blah, Principal of the college who congratulated the founders of the college as well as the teachers and staff who have worked hard. and to encourage the students as well as the education department of the state government for the continued support in relation to the needs related to the development of this school.
Dr. Mukul Sangma today campaigned in two constituencies, Bajengdoba and Mendipathar in North Garo Hills.
Bah Lyngdoh also criticized the incumbent Director of Agriculture, Dr JS Jyrwa for not taking any action to look into this matter.
In this regard, all schools, colleges, villages and townships from West Jaintia Hills District are invited to participate.
He said that once you become an MLA, the scheme goes hand in hand and you don't have to cheat the people with 500 or 1000 rupees.
The prize money is T.3 lakh, T.1 lakh and T.50,000 and three consolation prizes of T.10,0
We must remember that the Khasi did not steal the jobs from their Garo friends but they entered because of the policy.
A book about the Mawmluh Crematorium entitled, "The Pubon Crematorium," written in English by Rangbah Glenn Kharkongor, Principal, Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) and translated into Khasi where they sleep.
He said that a total of 22 sports events will be held, including three traditional events.
The program was organized by the District Administration of West Khasi Hills on 30th November 2023. The program also included a screening of the speeches of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. talk face to face with the people on various schemes of the Central Government.
“The CWC has demanded that the State Government should end the discrimination and bring about unity in the state so that the indigenous and foreigners can live in peace and harmony in the state and at the same time this group She demanded to provide support and assistance to foreign communities to improve their welfare in Meghalaya.
How did it come to live in the homes of people? In ancient times, on the journey of the Lyngngam from Mongolia, when they came to a place called 'Jugigopa', they settled there. there.
The body of Hormon was found this morning by her brother-in-law, when he wanted to visit her, and it was found that her body was covered with a blanket on the ground floor. It was found that the slippers were worn in one place and in another.
In fact, when we welcome the New Year, we too must renew our minds as well as our way of life.
Rumi Lyngdoh scored two goals for Diengshynrum in the 43rd and 78th minutes and Bewithus Sympli scored one goal in the 74th minute.
It was at 9:30 pm that the family members were surprised when she did not return home and at that time they started searching for her.
Shillong: As a sign of protest against the state government to form a cabinet in Jowai, unidentified persons have written signs “NO ILP NO CABINET” on all the walls of government offices and also The Cabinet meeting will be held on February 4, 2013 in Jowai.
She said that according to the law, those people infected with HIV/AIDS should not be looked down upon or excluded from society because the disease is not contagious if we are thinking people.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the State, today said that the Government of India's scheme for small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) should allow the poor to raitoi, the farmers and the farmers.
FKJGP Mawprem Circle General Secretary, Bah Iban Sutnga in the presence of Asst.General Secretary, Tobinial Lyngkhoi and members of the FKJGP Mawprem Circle distributed the donation. help in the future.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA, congratulated the Principal for 33 years of service to the school and as a leader of the people, he promised to continue to work for the school. Northern Ri Bhoi College for the development of the school and the Northern Ri Bhoi College which will be of benefit to the youth to get education in their area.
At the time of the formation of the Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FTD), the Chairman of the Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FTD) and the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that no group can leave the country. He said that all the demands to the state government or the central government should go through the FTD and all the work done by the Chief Executive Members should go through the FTD. Earlier, the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (UVH) had set a deadline of the 5th for the government to withdraw its notice which has been amended. Meghalaya Services and Conduct Rules which prohibit government employees from becoming Rangbah Shnong or members of any political party.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 05: The Incharge Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that according to the powers conferred on him under section 324-A of the ME Act, , has declared DRY DAY in all parts of West Khasi Hills District on the 15th of this month, to mark the Independence Day.
Dawyoo Lyngdoh and Wanbiang Pulang, KNGCSU leaders, said that before being converted into an Isolation Ward, they have to put away the belongings of the children staying inside the hostel and the belongings of the college.
"No one from Bangladesh has fled to India after 1971 and this is India's internal affairs and we have nothing to complain about," Khan said.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) today met with the Symbud Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. It is located in the state of Meghalaya.
“Respect for each other begins in school and it is in these days that a person shapes his future to be respected in society,” said Bah Pala.
Messi has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract until
If not 40, at least 31,” he said.
However, the question is how up to 57 of these factories have been able to operate in Shallang alone.
The Pakistani Relief Agency has warned the residents to be vigilant and prepared in case of a sudden earthquake in any part of the country. time unknown.
China on Saturday announced no new cases of the respiratory disease that has affected many Chinese citizens in the past few months.
Secretary of the committee HW Surong expressed his gratitude to all the office bearers and members of the committee who took the time to build this school and especially their willingness to contribute to improve the school.
It is undeniable that in Meghalaya, especially in West Khasi Hills District, since 1945, almost all the villagers have been living on agriculture and livestock such as cattle, sheep, goats, pigs (Khasi), goats and cattle.
Answering a supplementary question, he said that before the Mission Document was submitted, a meeting was held to discuss how to make it easier for the people to take the loan.
Those who want to learn should send their children by these buses.
This is still the most common in this area of ​​Nonglang, Jyrngam, Myriaw, Rambrai, Nongmynsaw, many parts of Nongstoin, Langrin, a few in Mawiang and Nobosohphoh. is the main cause of the loss of forests that beautify the environment, protect the environment, provide oxygen, maintain soil stability and fertility and attract water and Lyoh snow.
Jesus will gather them into that house in heaven, which eye has not seen, nor ear heard, nor have entered into the heart of man. God HAS HELPED THOSE WHO LOVE HIM" 1 Corinthians 2:9
The area where the woman was found is under the Chiading Police Station, which passes through the State Highway and connects Chiading to Williamnagar and then to Nongstoin and Shillong.
Admonishing and encouraging the believers, he said that it is necessary to accept the cross of repentance and it is necessary to pray on this holy day and the Day of the Crucifixion of the Lord Jesus Christ. Christ died without sin and suffered for mankind.
“I have also met with the family members and the father and son of a family who lost three lives in the earthquake, and also provided financial assistance of T 12 lakh as a gift. assistance from the government,” he said.
Shillong: A Scorpio vehicle with Assam license plate has been set on fire in Jhalupara this morning.
When asked why he keeps animals, Angad said it was his love for animals since he was a child and he bought them in order to keep them indoors.
Earlier, MUPSTA leader Bah Kenneth Shadap has criticized the government for not fulfilling its promises.
He said that Dikanchi's resignation is to avoid any inconvenience when she files her nomination papers for the election.
“Look, if you die, I'll use it if you want to, I don't care, I'm ready...” Hep said and walked away. Lydia was also happy because she saw Hep's greatness. and he believed nothing.
The police raid only in Laitlyngkot area may have some ulterior motive besides the fact that most of the vehicles are from Pynursla area which is the constituency of the Deputy Chief Minister.
Based on this approach, the main theme of Poshan Maah 2023 is to bring awareness about the important moments in life, the time of childbirth, the time of infancy, the time of childhood. long childhood and adolescence.
Then the time came that God blessed him and he became very rich, and when he became rich he began to be proud, he went around with his friends and never came home again. and he forgot God.
The woman was arrested in the house where she lived.
This has been implemented since 28th July
Meghalaya will contribute to the Viskit Bharat goal by increasing its GDP to US$10 billion by 2028,” he said.
Uriah reminded the Prime Minister of the assault on journalists in many cases in 2005, 2014, 2015 and the death of a journalist in an accident in Paikan, Assam last year, he also spoke to the Prime Minister about the delay of the law enforcement agencies in punishing those who attack journalists and urged the government to pay compensation. .
According to the ordinance, the reply why the syrnod cannot be issued should be completed within three days and should be sent to the Deputy Commissioner or Sub-Divisional Officer from the relevant authorities.
However, now, even though we have become wise and everyone has become old, we have shared ourselves in the game, that if we are lucky, we have won a billion millions even if we have lost our lives. nation.
That's the spirit of the question.
“As we do every year, we organize a shobha yatra.
The day will be celebrated in collaboration with the Dkhiah West Village Youth Association and the Meghalaya Aids Control Society.
At the same time, the cross gives hope that the struggle for a better society will never end.
The Word of God has already spoken of that donkey, saying, “Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things?
Conrad said that in the past few months, the Government has completed the recruitment of 996 Policemen for the border outposts.
NEW DELHI: Twitter today banned the account of Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for about 10 hours on charges of violating the copyright laws of the United States. Prasad has criticized Twitter's actions and wrote on another account on Koo that he believes Twitter's actions violate the laws of the country. IT, the Government of India, allegedly did not inform him before closing his account.
The match will start at 12.30 pm and will be played between Italy and Turkey.
NESO includes the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU).
The source said that until now, the police have been searching almost every night for the members of the KSU, whose names have been on the list of the police who have been believed to be involved in the riots. in Ronghana on the railway line.
After the meeting, the AMSSASTA leaders met with the State Project Director (SPD) Ambros Marak and the Education Minister Lakmen Rymbui to demand the immediate release of the salary pending for four months. .
The final match of the tournament will be held on the 26th June 2023 (Monday) at the Mawñianglah Stadium which is also the closing ceremony of the tournament.
After the second half, Sohryngkham SC tried to find a way to score the first goal of the match and after a while Shanker Kshiar scored the first goal. The first goal was scored in the 71st minute.
ASHA and Anganwadi workers of the area who attended the one day training program received training on many aspects of the Act relating to residents with disabilities from experts on the subject including RJ Wahlang, Physiotherapist, I. Shadap, Clinical Psychologist, I. Wahlang, Lecturer at CRC Shillong and Dr. M. Nongphud, Pathologist.
From time to time, we have urged the Central Government to set up investigation teams to find out where there is corruption.
The project, which was organized between the Clean Sohra Campaign and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, has been under consideration since last year and the detailed project report (DPR) has been prepared by Swachh Bharat Rural Meghalaya.
He was also the Deputy CM in 2008-2009 in charge of Home Affairs of the MPA Government.
Police have been on high alert in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana today.
We have to give syep jaw syar and from time to time to lose days and money from time to time to achieve the goal.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District for the Minimum Wage Act.
Before continuing, this article also commemorates the “Black Flag Demonstration” on 27.06.1952TRH under the French (from 1774 to 14.08.1947): As we all know, the French rule “ British Raj" in India consists of three parts:-"British India" (e.
Meanwhile, the second semi final between Friends United and Sumer Veterans at 2 pm ended without a goal in the tie breaker.
During the five years of the NPP-led MDA government in Meghalaya, the people, various political parties and the media have talked a lot about the High Level. the High Level.
On the other hand, the Daloi of Jowai, Puramon Kynjing, said that even if a person has a lot of wealth, it is useless if there are no donors in time of need.
KSU Narpuh Circle President KS Suchiang said that in an RTI reply received from the Deputy Commissioner's office, the KSU has found that the name of Simon Siangshai, former MLA who passed away on 11/9/2020, supported the bill. Star Cement mine in Brishyrnot.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP Working President Bindo M Lanong said the party will hold a meeting next month where all the MDCs of the party will attend to discuss the HSPDP's resignation. to accept the demand of the UDP to remove Bah Ardent.
The court also ordered to submit a written statement stating the boundary of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme and if there is another site besides Mawphlang to be proposed as a water supply site.
He said that the Association would like to clarify to the people of Meghalaya that all the appeals filed by individuals or groups have been tagged by the SUPREME COURT. Civil Appeal 5123 filed by HNLOCTPA and on 12-11-2018 the Hon'ble High Court of India has informed the Association through its lawyers to hear the case again. They were released to carry the remaining coal.
That OK! The magazine published a report that the couple did not have a close relationship and therefore, they were ready to divorce.
The union will soon submit a petition to the Revenue Minister AT Mondal and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for action on this issue.
New Delhi: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has strongly criticized Baba Ramdev's insulting remarks against allopathy doctors. The yoga teacher was arrested under the provisions of the Epidemic Diseases Act.
We in opposition stand firm and have a foundation on which we have stood for more than three decades and we will give strong arguments to extinguish the incentives of those who want to and to eliminate the scientific tactics of Government agencies.
In the fourth match between Lumkhang-dong Kyndongtuber and Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu, the teams drew 0-0 without scoring a goal until the end of the match.
Since the change of the name of the village it has been 4 years and suddenly there has been a misunderstanding and division and there have been two villages namely Mawlum-Nginiong. “We have tried to understand each other but they don't want to and the decision not to vote is their own refusal,” said Bah Lyngkhoi.
“It hasn't rained yet. 50-60 cm is still the rainfall (in Sohra) once or twice a year.
She said that since the death of her father, as a woman, she has found it very difficult to provide for her family.
Such love for this song is not seen in other songs used during elections.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District also congratulated the youth to do well in their lives so that what they have received will not be in vain. He also suggested that his office will continue to provide support to work together so that it will be for the benefit of the youth not only of the District but of the State. hi all.
In the women's category, Group A includes Manipur, Pondicherry, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Mizoram and Uttar Pradesh.
When I arrive in Delhi, I will discuss that the works should go smoothly so that if those who have been given the jobs can work, they can be handed over,” said Tudu.
The ISAC has been implemented under the Smart Cities Mission under the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs of the Government of India since
“The collapse of MCCL is due to the failure in the management of the factory,” said Bah Titos.
Now the question is who has betrayed the Government or the SAD. This, on the part of the party, we strongly condemn and shows the childishness of the Government on its promises,” said Bah Thomas.
Therefore, all the great men of India and even the father of the Indian nation used to say, "If you give me rice, I will eat only one day; but if you teach me I'll plant the seed, I'll eat it every day" (Translated).
Higher Secondary School, implementation of road construction schemes across the villages of the Constituency.
He said that he has tried to give medicines but it has not helped at all, but gradually there are rashes from the parts where the disease comes from and after many days of bleeding, the rash areas are covered with rashes. start tyrkhong if you take a medicine that doesn't work anymore.
The General Secretary said that although the Meghalaya government has banned the use of pesticides, it has not banned the use of hybrid seeds.
One of the complaints was filed through the NCLT in which MeECL still has to receive about T.52 crore for electricity bill suspended by a copper rod factory in Byrnihat named M/s Kamakshi.
At the same time, he said that he and Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister, have informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to remove the director of NEIGRIHMS and appoint another one. , because there may be some reasons why this hospital has been in turmoil since Dr Thapa took over.
I love the game from the bottom of my heart.
MEPA strongly opposes the government's ban on the mouths of the media.
He said that in 2020, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in a meeting with the JHADC & PWD Building, had promised to release the funds for the completion of the project. but the construction of this market is still ongoing.
“We are very surprised that such statements are made in the name of religion.
By no means, love is the only thing that can help in dealing with the highest power.
Among the children at that time, he was called Babu Ban.
Sheen's goal turned into a big goal for the players of MeECL to get back on track, while the players of AG Office after these two goals, started to score. In the 54th minute, AG Ophis had the opportunity to spread the ball around the field. Kerio Nongbri scored the third goal for MeECL, which turned into the last goal left in the box. At the end of the match, the best player award went to MeECL. Shiningstar Basaiawmoit of MeECL became the best goalkeeper and Chandmitre Thma of the AG Office went to Chandmitre Thma for scoring seven goals.
During the meeting, they also learned about the working methods of the old church in Shillong.
The party has criticized the Modi government's old currency.
“We seized money and property from one prisoner after a search was conducted before sending the prisoners into the jail,” said DG (Prison) Bah BL Buam.
The suspects include former CEM of GHADC Denang T Sangma and eight former MDCs including Augustine R Marak, Brilliant R Sangma, Dipul R Marak, Kurosh M Marak, Winningson R Marak and Dolly K Sangma. , Bhupen Hajong, and Sukaram K Sangma.
Thus, Good Friday changes every year, sometimes falling in the last month of March and sometimes falling in the first, second or third month of April according to the fourth lunar cycle.
When he was healed of that disease, he tried to find the Phlangdawai as he had been told in a dream.
Lalitpur Police have taken over the investigation into the incident and said that the child is not of age and the investigation is ongoing, said Girijesh Kumar. , ASP of Lalitpur.
The prizes and trophies were distributed by the Waheh Shnong Umlyngsha and Bah B.Suchiang in the presence of the members of the Club.
The Minister made the announcement after inspecting the PWD office, Phan Nonglait Park, Brightwell Bunglow at Barik Point, Anjalee Point and Polo Ground.
According to the residents of Siejlieh, the mother, who was carrying an 11-month-old child, was seriously injured in the incident. However, the child died shortly after the incident and after the incident the mother was rushed to hospital, but after a while she died due to severe injuries.
He said that security forces have been ordered to be strengthened in Shillong especially in the Polo and Urkaliar areas to provide peace to the people.
Shillong, November 29: U BJP Leader and Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Friday urged the leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the Congress to apply for tickets from the BJP if they It is clear that the party they are in now cannot win the election.
According to the statement, at this time, the signs show that God together with the Ryngkew ki Basa have come to show their signs and signs of their acceptance of this. This festival is also known as the Lehniam Shi Hat Shi Taïew.
However, on the other hand, he denied that there will be any appointment of ministers as there has been no discussion or consultation even though this is the freedom of the Prime Minister whom he wants to appoint ministers and whom he does not. want to remove.
The British Soft Drinks Association said these soft drinks are designed only for use after a long rest from physical activity.
NGH played well in the second innings but lost all wickets for 108 runs, of which Henry Yoga A Sangma scored 18 runs.
Shillong: The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of Meghalaya together with the West Bengal Police today rescued a child from the hands of kidnappers.
She also alleged that the obtaining of residence permits for foreigners is through the order of the SDO, and said that it is a disregard for the authority of the Rangbah Shnongs who are the village headmen. Volunteers who assist in the implementation of the work related to the State Government through various departments in West Jaintia Hills District.
Samuel is a Shillong Lajong Academy player who is currently playing in the I-League and has scored four goals.
This is a memorable day for India as so far, only the United States, Russia and China have been able to send spacecraft to the Moon.
In the second half, Imson's players didn't allow Sawmer's players to turn the corner, but Rheadolf N Doloi once again scored the first goal of the match. He scored the second goal for himself and the third for Swmer (58min) to win 3-0
It is a shame before the world that those who are racist are worse than Muslims.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 1: The KJP Synod West Youth Service will be held from 3rd to 5th October 2023 at the Nongkhlaw Presbyterian Church.
?" Linda asked again.
He said that there are many allegations about their defection but it is not as alleged but the truth is because the MLAs who defected want to bring about change in the state and they see that if they want change they must Dr. Mukul Sangma has left the party.
“It was in 2003 that we appealed to the High Court and after 10 years, the High Court issued an order that the government should implement the retirement benefits to teachers.
These groups said that all the political parties in Dimapur want the Act to be abolished within the district.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the name CoRP alone shows the meaning of the party. The party has been able to celebrate its 25th anniversary in Ri-Bhoi District.
Paul, when exhorting the people in Colossae, said, Continue in prayer, and watch in the sacrifice; we have that door.
Furthermore, the alliance will look into cooperation and open up more opportunities for Indian industries in terms of export of technologies and equipment.
In his speech, Bah Wallam Syiemiong from Sur u Paidbah of South West Khasi Hills District requested the MLA not to listen to this issue but to take action so that it will become a reality. which is good for all.
Speaking to media, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that Ri-Bhoi District has the right to have a Medical College according to the rules of the Niti Aayog. From time to time, we have sent a letter to the Government to take action and to ensure that Ri-Bhoi District should get a Medical College.
The Court was also informed that besides the four existing jails in Shillong, Tura, Williamnagar, Nongpoh and Jowai, the Government is also implementing a jail in Nongstoin and a Central Jail which will be located near the city. Shillong.
The power supply is only 60 MW out of the requirement of 350 MW and it is expected that the power supply will be complete in July or November.
On this issue, we see that there is no respect for each other and no peace and these two ministers, who went with him, including Bah Banteidor and Bah Lahkmen. They know well because one of them lived in Bangladesh decades ago and the other, who lives on the border with his people, has experienced many tragic experiences.
Population growth is inevitable in any city or country.
During the inspection, Chairman of the Committee Raj Kumar Sacheti inspected the site for the construction of the Games Village, sports grounds and other facilities.
It is worth mentioning that this is not the first time that Mawshynrut area has been hit by a natural disaster this year, but in June this year the area has been hit by a storm and cold. The MLA of the area said that these refugees have not yet received any assistance.
The Assam government at that time could not have known how the French had respected the tribal lands.
The Chairman of the HPC said that in order to prevent the entry of water into the damaged area, the entire damaged area will be covered.
In East Garo Hills, there are 9 cases and in South West Khasi Hills, there are 4 cases; In West Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases and in West Khasi Hills, there are 2 cases.
“As part of giving the public the right to appeal against the district council court, the Judicial Council will accept cases through the online portal for them. “It's not a church,” said Dr. S Kharshiemlieh.
This has led to the shortage of teachers in some deficit schools as many of the schools are difficult to run and appoint teachers themselves without payment from the Government.
The four MLAs who will join the UDP include Process T Sawkmie, Congress MLA from Mawlai, Renikton L Tongkhar, HSPDP MLA from Mawkyrwat, Myralborn Syiem. Congress MLA from Nongpoh, Shitlang Pale, TMC MLA from Sutnga-Shangpung and Lambor Malngiang, Independent MLA from Nongkrem.
TUR also said that what happened to Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew in 2021 when the police raided his house and shot him dead is a violation of human rights.
Biplove Bhowmick took four wickets in 3.1 overs and allowed only four runs to be tied while Saurav Dey took three wickets in four overs.
Replying to the opposition MDCs, CEM KHADC Pynshngain N Syiem said that the KHADC does not have the authority to register land because it does not have its own land law.
Regarding the construction of the illegal border crossing by Assam in the village, the EMs of KHADC, including Bah Jambor War, EM Elaka, Bah Victor Rani, EM Arts & Culture, Bah RR Kharbuki, EM Trade. , Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bah K.Langstieh, Minister of Langstieh, Raid Marwet, was appointed by Paiem Ken Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima. the Easy Raid.
Phuit's myndie is rich.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shangpung Unit will award the Mait Shaphrang Academic Award to the students who have passed well in various examinations on the 15th January 2022 at the Auditorium Hall, Shangpung.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer (EE) PWD Road Bah C.Kharmudai to discuss the suspension of the construction of St Teresa Road. 3 kilometers from Lai Road to Mawlai Mawroh.
This village is located about 8 kilometers west of Nongstoin and about 5 kilometers on the road to the most beautiful and largest village in Meghalaya, Nongkhnum.
We have seen the government's announcement to improve the road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram, we hope that this initiative will fulfill the wishes of the people of the area who have been talking from time to time. This road needs to be improved.
On the other hand, the teachers tried to turn to the Secretariat, but they were blocked by the police and this led to angry clashes between the teachers and the police, until the district authorities After the MSSASA leaders agreed to talk to the Minister of Education, they decided to stay at Madan Malki until they get the This is what happened during the interview with Lahkmen Rymbui.
Hundreds of VDPs from all over the villages under Pynursla Police station attended the rally.
He said that the spread of wires on the roads and highways has endangered the people walking and standing and has also embarrassed especially as Tamabil is a place where tourists come to visit. This is the main road between India and Bangladesh.
KHNAM has alleged that the leaders have been shouting in the dark to confuse the people because they are afraid that if they appear in the 2018 elections they will have to stay at home.
:The International Water Conclave held in Shillong, which was attended by the Chief Guest.
Result :Athletics (Guru Gobind Singh Sports College, Lucknow):Pole Vault Women- Sathya 3.60m (gold) Jain U, Sidhushree G 3.60 (silver) Bangalore U, Uvadharrshini M 3.30m (bronze) Madras U1006000 Kumen- .73m (gold) Mangalore U, Reshma Kevate 36.00.74 (silver) Shivaji U, Poonam Sonune 36.01.09 (bronze) Mangalore U)10000m Men- Pradeep Kumar 30.55.88 (gold) 5 Rajasthan U. 90. Rohit silver) Guru Nanak Dev U, Upendra Baliyan 32.14.66 (bronze) Mangalore U100m Women- Avantika Santosh Narali 11.68 (gold) Savitribai Phule Pune U, Sudeshna Shiva 11.94 (silver) Shivaji 1203 Punja U3. Kamalzeje. Shivechha Vikash Patil 4.43.70 (gold) Savitribai Phule Pune U, Snehalata Yadav 4.50.66 (silver) Mangalore U, Mamata Pal 5.00.98 (bronze) Dr.Ram Manohar Lohia U400m Hurdles Singh. 6 Women- 1 Gold.0ge ) Mumbai U, Neha 1.01.94 (silver) Guru Nanak Dev U, Simmy 1.03.08 (bronze)400m Hurdles Men- Manoop M 53.16 (gold) MGU, Karna Bag 53.64 (silver) Burdwan U, Pravin5 Kumar (bronze)44. Madras U4×400, Mixed Relay- Panjab U 3.30.08 (gold), Mahatma Gandhi U 3.30.30 (silver), Calicut U 3.36.35 (bronze)Long Jump Men- K.M.Srikanth 7.36m (gold) Rishishwa, Rishabh 7.22m (silver), Dr.Ram Manohar Lohia U, Sajan R 7.18m (bronze), Kerala U100m Men- Gurindervir Singh 10.57s (gold) Guru Kashi U, Lalu Prasad Bhoi 10.60 (silver) KIIT, Bhubanek10. (bronze) Utkal UDiscus Throw Men- Prince 49.63m (gold) Chandigarh U, Harnoor Singh Sandhu 49.35m (silver), Ujjwal 48.70 (bronze) Mangalore U1500m Men- Yoonus Shah 3.51.61 Pma4 U.5 J.5 (Gold) Ma .52 (silver) Himachal Pradesh U, Vishesh Mahla 4.05.92 (bronze) Mangalore UBadminton: Women: Jain University, Karnataka  ia ka Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore da 2 – 1Ranchi University ia kaAligarh Muslim University da Punebai 2 – 0Savivi Rayalseema University 2 – 1Men: Savitribai Phule Pune University vs Hemchand Yadav Vishwavidyalaya, Durg  da 3 – 0University of Delhi vs University of Calcutta da 3 – 0Football Women (Ekana Sportz City, Lucknow) Annamalai University, Sambalpur University vs , Odisha beat GNDU 2 – 1, Chennai beat VeLS University 2 – 0 goalFootball Men (GGSSC, Lucknow) Panjabi Men, Patiala beat Kannur 0-0, Amritsar beat University of Kota, Rajasthan 3 – kolMahatama Gandhi University Kerala Vs Punjabi University PatialaRowing: 2000m Women’s Single Sculls- Shweta Brahmachari 7.39.54 (gold) Calcutta U, Amandeep Kaur 7.51.48 (silver) PUP,  Manasa S M 8.007 Cournze P. , Prabhakar Singh Rajawat, Ankit Sendhav, Nitesh Bhardwaj, (gold) GNU, PUC (silver), PUP (bronze)2000m Men's Fours- Sukhdeep Singh, Rajat Kumar, Sahil Mudgil, Aditya Kumar Singh (gold) PUC, KUU (silver) , Central UM (bronze)2000m Men's Lower Weight – Malak Singh (gold) Central UM, Govind Singh Rajput (silver) Lovely PU, Simranjit (bronze) PUC2000m Men's Fours Lower Weight- PUP (gold), KUU (silver), PUC ( bronze)2000m Women's Pairs- UOM (gold), KEU (silver), OSM (bronze)2000m Women's Cox Pairs- PUC (gold), KIU (silver), GNU (bronze)2000m Men's Pairs- PUC (gold), PUP ( silver), KUU (bronze)2000m Men's Cox Pairs- PUP (gold), Central UM (silver), PUC (bronze)2000m Men's Cox Pairs Lower Weight- PUC (gold), GNU (silver), KUU (bronze)2000m Women's Fours- KEU (gold), UOM (silver), PUC (bronze)2000m Women's Cox Fours- PUC (gold), GNU (silver), SPU (bronze)2000m Women's Fours (R2)- Central UM (gold), GNU ( silver)2000m Men's Cox Singles Lower Weight- Simranjit 7.16.81 (gold) PUC, Balram Soni 7.46.51 (silver) GNU, Prathamesh Kachare 8.11.92 (bronze) SUK2000m Men's Calcupta We Singta We Singwimingd Pratikmvy Hea SVSP stadium, Gautam Buddh Nagar)800m Free Men – Anurag Singh 8.44.54 (gold) U of Delhi Institution of Eminence, Dhyan Balakrishna 8.52.52 (silver) Jain U, Krishna Rajendra Gadhak 9.01.69 (bronze0m) Mealad U20 - Shrungi Bandekar 2.31.02 (gold) Jain U, Firdoush Kayamkhani 2.33.55 (silver) Kota U, Shristi Upadhyay 2.34.71 (bronze) Jadavpur U4×200 Free Men- Jain U 8.10.57 of Delhi Institution of Eminence 8.16.58 (silver), Panjab U 8.19.00 (bronze)4×100 Free Women- Madras U 4.21.45 (gold), Jain U 4.27.79 (silver), Jadavpur U 4.31.97 (bronze) 100m Free Men- Siva Sridhar 52.76 (gold) Jain U, Vikkas Prabhakar 52.78 (silver) SRM U, Veer Khatkar 53.12 (bronze) Maharshi Dayanand U100m Free Women- Shrungi Bandekar 1.01h. Udhya13 Udhpa S2,gold (silver) Jadavpur U, Sadhvi Dhuri 1.03.49 (bronze) Savitribai Phule Pune U100m Breast Men- Danush Suresh 1.03.98 (gold) Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical U, Benedicton Rohit 1.05.5.56 Anna (sil Yadesh Babu 1.06.77 (bronze) Anna U100m Breast Women- Chahat Arora 1.17.36 (gold) Panjab U, Jyoti Patil 1.18.86 (silver) Mumbai U, Aarti Patil 1.18.98 (bronze) Mumbai Dir Singhni (Khooting Shooting Range, Delhi)10m Air Pi
The suspect, aged about 35, was found in the forest of the GSI office opposite the Gorkha Higher Secondary School.
And in that survey the question asked was, “If you could meet God face to face, you could ask a question, and you would get the answer right away- What is your question ?"Let's have a look at those questions:-The largest group (36 %) wants to ask like, What is the point of us being here on earth?The next group (21 %) has to ask like , Do we have a soul when we die? The next group (18%) asked, Why do bad things happen to us?The fourth group (12%) is the group without any questions.
The politicians who have been involved in politics know how to count and it is up to the candidates whom the Congress will nominate in 2023 whether they are skilled and able to convince the people to vote. and they shall be blessed when the time cometh for the election of a king.
“If it does this, it shows that the VPP is not a racial party, but looks for peace between races and the welfare of all races”.
Although Ram was strong in the tied, he continued to show his skills by scoring 1/11 before the end of the second day.
This is Satnam and Tynsong.
About 8 schools from the district participated in the exhibition in the presence of Paidolyne L Nonglait DSEO, Ri-Bhoi District, Bah W Radu Principal of RBP Higher Secondary School, RBP Higher Secondary School, RBP Higher Secondary School, RBP Higher Secondary School, Ri-Bhoi District. teachers and students from different schools.
Dr. Sohlang said that the 22 dead pigs belonged to the man and the department has ordered the man to clean up the pigs. sem in the proper manner as directed by the department.
The Supreme Court last month rejected Jha's bail application and this prompted the CID to arrest him on Monday from Jhanjharpur parliamentary constituency while he was planning to campaign under his own name. .
There are those who say that I wrote 'Ex.Rev' but they don't do anything.
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the Dimapara Infiltration Check Post on 9th June to report the disappearance of the deceased.
It is the custom because we move these items from a large museum to these small ones,” said Kong War.
When asked about his decision after leaving the Congress party, Khan said he is still sitting there because he does not want to take a hasty decision.
When asked by reporters, the DC has strengthened the security forces at Madan Student for tomorrow, the DC said that besides the security forces, the state police have sent more. Other foreign security forces have arrived in Shillong and some are still on their way.
The union demands that the price should be paid at the agreed price of the land owners.
The 20 trucks were seized (1) AS-11CC-8056, (2) NL-01G-8087, (3) ML-04A-7682, (4) AS- 01HC-0750, (5) ML-10B-6686, (6) AS-01FC-7995, (7) AS-01T-8084, (8) AS-01GC-3121, (9) AS-01EC-2947, ( 10) NL-01AC-5987, (11) AS-01JC-6812, (12) NL-01AB-1060, (13) ML-04C-3739, (14) AS-01DC-5915, (15) AS-01GC -6674, (16) NL-01AA-6403, (17) NL-01AC-6719, (18) AS-01RC-1254, (19) AS-01KC-6671 and (20) ML-11-1641.
Speaking at a meeting in Smit, Samla P Mashli said, “Our MLA whom we sent to the Assembly in the last three years has left us, because he has not done anything. He fled to Nongkrem because he understood that if he stayed in Mawhati he would lose, for that reason he wanted to deceive the people of Nongkrem.
The union also demanded that the government authorities should relocate the weight bridge to a safer and more secure place to avoid the danger of the people.
The Minister said that the Department of Agriculture and BDO offices in various Block will work together to identify the farmland where farmers can take fertilizers.
“We will send the report to the Government as I am waiting for more.
Myrsing said the Union will hold a meeting tomorrow to decide how to hold the protests in the coming days.
In his speech, Jindal said the Assam Rifles is aware of the passion and love of the people of the North East, and especially Meghalaya, for football.
However, the job he is doing now is making traditional clothes. He said that he started this job at the age of 65 years.
Robertjune said that if each MLA introduces only one Bill in one Budget Session, how many bills and resolutions will come out, which will be a blessing to the nation and the state as a whole. .
Rupang has received information from the announcement issued by the KHADC on 31st July in which all the officers of the KHADC and also the Deputy CEM of the KHADC have been informed. Welljune as Secretary to the Executive Committee has expired on 31st July and it is time for him to retire. The committee has decided to extend the term of office of Bah Syiemlieh.
At least 800 people have been arrested in various parts of the country since the clashes continued since last Friday.
President – ​​2nd edition.
“We have also provided the necessary facilities for the supply of electricity by setting up more Sub Stations across the state to provide convenience to the people so that the problem of electricity shortage will disappear. completely.
“We once again request the Government to pay the Dearness Allowance (DA) besides the salary to the Adhoc Secondary School teachers so that the teachers can meet their needs at home especially at this time when they are not able to provide for themselves. groceries have gone up exponentially," she added.
This means that all tenders related to the internal works of the Department of Tourism or other departments are conducted by MAL; “Because the people don't have any information and the names of the contractors who are implementing these projects, this company has hidden,” said Gokhale.
In the past, women were treated with contempt in India even before the British rule.
The right to life is a human right of every human being regardless of race, ethnicity or religion and this right is enshrined in international and national law,” he said. Speaker of Mr. Bathshem Myrboh.
“If we unite, we will win,” said the President of the UDP. He said that from now on, the people should unite by calling on all their friends to join one party and the right way to win. to 2018.
Prestone said the door of the Secretariat is always open to discuss with any group on issues affecting the state.
It is time for the people of the constituency to allow the youth who come from poor families to contest in the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Michael after filing his nomination papers on 7th June. The MLA election will be held on the 27th of this month.
“The question is, as a nation, do we think about instilling good traditional teachings in the minds and hearts of our children and youth?
After the meeting, a letter signed by the people was handed over to the house of Bah Shakliar Warjri, MLA Mawthadraishan and Minister of State to raise the issue in the Cabinet.
The categories of the tournament are Under-14 for boys, while Under-17 is for girls and boys.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on 14th June held a meeting to discuss the major shortcomings and to prepare the working methods and roadmap for the renovation and improvement of the three rivers. Wahumkhrah, Umshyrpi and Umkhen rivers, taking into account the opinion of the Dorbar Shnongs.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, confirmed that the two were from Sarusajai Stadium in Guwahati.
He said that as a follow-up to this, he had written a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam in April to hold a meeting to discuss the border issue.
The High Court also informed that Justice (Retired) BP Katakey has already submitted his 11th report which the State and Central Governments should accept.
Former Mawlai MLA SD Khongwir passed away while undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS on Tuesday at the age of 90 years, after a long illness.
The prizes were awarded by the chief guest, Philanderwell Lyngdoh, Waheh Chnong of Chuwakhu in the presence of office bearers of the West Jaintia District Badminton Association, school teachers and others.
The streets, the streets, the rivers and streams have been filled with garbage, plastic, bottles, which have been thrown away by the people.
Manure from eggs and horse manure is also similar in value to cow manure.
He said that the tyrannical rule of Dr Mukul Sangma is the reason why the Congress has lost power in the state and this is a challenge for it to re-establish itself in the coming years. Dr Mukul Sangma will continue to be the leader.
When asked whether his defeat will affect the MDC election, Bah PN Syiem said that the defeat is the key to victory.
The traffic system is scheduled for 12 hours from 7 am to 7 pm.
The screening will be held on 6th July 2023 from 10 pm at the DSO office at JN Sports Complex, Polo.
Regarding this book, Pastor Mawblei, who has written and published many books related to the Church, said that it is a book about his life, in which he has He said that even though he came from a poor family, he did not lose hope of going to school and especially to work in a poor household, but he did not lose hope of going to school and especially to do the work of God. .
The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who is also the Leader of the Congress Party, said that if the All India Congress Committee (AICC) has ordered to cooperate with the TMC in the Lok MP elections, The Sabha has to comply.
Doctors in Maharashtra have confirmed 260 new cases of covid-19, while 30 new cases have been confirmed today. They are working at Sion Hospital in Mumbai.
It will open up many employment opportunities for young people to teach Khasi in colleges and universities across the country.
He said the meeting with the journalists was to express his grief with the farmers across India regarding the Farm Bill which was allegedly passed in Parliament.
The newly appointed Minister of State for Mizoram, K Sapdanga, said that the government's goal is to fight against the spread of drug trafficking.
And Moses and Aaron said unto him, This is the manner of the law which the LORD commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without blemish, and without blemish. which hath not been put in a lyngkor before.
It is also an important river as Mawlai is also the largest part of Shillong.
The North East Adventist University (NEAU), Khliehtyrshi on 8th November celebrated the World Physiotherapy Day on the theme of Arthritis at the Sub-Centre Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
Regarding the electricity supply to hospitals and other essential facilities, the government has said that most of the hospitals have escaped the power outage but those hospitals have to be connected to the High Tension Feeder Line. '.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin has met and submitted a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang on the implementation of the Roster System in the state. state.
The purchase price of these equipment is T.14.06 crore. 34 units have been completed and the remaining 12 units will be completed in the coming months.
More than 100 US troops have been sent by helicopter to evacuate about 100 people from Khartoum.
“We cannot criticize any state, but we can say that the air in Delhi is really bad to breathe,” they said.
Bollywood has lost one of its most prominent directors as Satish Kaushik, who directed several successful films, passed away on Tuesday from a sudden illness. Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sanjay Dutt, Abhishek Bachchan, Ajay Devgn and others have sent their condolences to the family of the director and at the same time expressed their condolences.
A 20 - year - old girl has committed suicide after Brazil lost to Germany in the semi-finals the 2014 World Cup.
“Teachers are suffering because the government does not pay their salaries properly and it takes 3-4 months to get their salaries,” JACATAM told Irani.
Earlier, Manipur beat Assam 7-1 in a very close match.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Minister in charge of Labour, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the lack of adequate training has made it a barrier for the youth to start their own businesses.
Shillong, June 28: Chancellor of CMJ University Chandra Mohan Jha has been admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital after suffering from high blood pressure. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Other speakers on the occasion were Rowell Lyngdoh, DD Lapang, Acting Chief Justice T Nandakumar Singh, Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya, Justice SR Sen, Chief Secretary WMS Pariat and Deputy Commissioner. , Ri Bhoi District, Dr Pooja Pandey.
This happened last night here in Shillong.
This decision was taken after a meeting chaired by the Minister of Social Welfare on 28th June as part of the Drug Reduction Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM).
MePDCL's debt has increased rapidly and in the last 45 days has reached T.156.70 crore as on 15th October 2021 compared to T.347.71 crore. , the amount allocated by NEEPCO to MeECL is T.504.41 crore.
He also invited the MLA and said that today's program can be said to be the skill of the MLA, who has thrown two stones.
They arrived at the hospital at 9:30 pm and were able to stand earlier.
Some of the candidates who arrived at the DC office today were James Ban Basaiawmoit, KHNAM candidate from Mawkhar Constituency, Jansing Tynsong of Congress from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh Constituency and Rocky Hek of Congress from Pynthor. -umkhrah constituency.
The NCP has not nominated any candidate in the six constituencies.
Referring to the situation of the Khasi Pnar people these days, he said that it is something that is shocking and inappropriate to say love for the people, while they don't know its origin.
Ben-haden N. Marak scored 29 runs off 17 balls in the fourth position.
“When we went to Delhi to meet the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah, in the past few days, we didn't meet him because he was going to campaign for the election. “I have written a letter to him and we are waiting for his reply,” he said.
At the same time, the AJYWO urges the Excise Department to look into the overtime opening of some liquor shops in EJHD and also to eradicate all liquor shops. illegal in East Jaintia Hills District especially along NH 44 for the benefit of the society and also the bright future of the country and the nation.
Rajnit Kumar, Senior Advocate, who represented Ma Lber Laloo, demanded that the coal ban should be lifted, saying that the decision cannot remain unfinished. he demands that the order should be revoked, although the State government has not revealed the topic it is targeting.
Tual is located in the Maluku region of Indonesia and is part of the Kei Islands.
When you go to buy vehicle license plates that you don't know well, the brokers fly like larni birds and explain that you need that license.
“The construction of Iawmuisang is not the construction of the World Trade Center, but why does it take so long to complete the construction of Iawmusiang,” said Ma Nujorki.
“The beautiful state of Meghalaya is an example of the beauty and courage of the people of the state.
The JAC has demanded that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU should dismiss Rohit Prasad within 26th of this month. The JAC has raided Rohit from his office today.
On Tuesday, East Jaintia Hills Police arrested seven ganja traffickers and seized 251 kilos of ganja, two vehicles and seven phones from Kongong.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Building) Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the construction of the Meghalaya House at Aurangzeb Road, Delhi will soon start.
Ms Joycy has participated in these programs and has been a great example for those who want to find jobs in the field of Logistics.
Just because you get permission from your area, you should not make a law for the whole of Khasiland.
The KSU has organized this food distribution as part of the support and assistance to the residents especially those who live by day labor to support their families and due to the government's closure of the villages to fight against They are not able to go to work, which has affected their income to meet the needs of their families.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U BJP MLA and Minister in the MDA government, Bah AL Hek today congratulated the BJP leaders in Delhi for taking the decision to appoint Rikman. Momin has been appointed as the new president of the party in Meghalaya.
Until now, all the vehicles coming to Meghalaya have no place to pass through Shillong.
The garment industry has played a major role in alleviating poverty especially in the rural areas as it has greatly increased employment opportunities especially for women.
In Group A of Zone 1, EKH beat East Garo Hills by 67 runs while SGH won by nine wickets against East Garo Hills in Zone
Suklin Dohling named the drink Figner Millet Mall and markets it under the name “Marbin Food” to preserve the names of her mother, Martha and father, Bah Binson.
The 18th Interim Report of BP Katakey shows that the coal that has already been mined outside the coal mines, which has been counted and calculated, according to a detailed survey, is exactly 19 lakhs metric. Tonnes and not up to 32 lakh metric tonnes as approved by the MDA-2 Government.
In another report, the Pakistani army has warned the air force and ground forces that there will be an attempt to launch a bomb from Sonmiani, near Karachi.
I don't know if I'm going to buy a pin jaiñsem for 20 tyngka shiliang.
Guidelines : The guidelines are the rules that should not be followed; You are the one who shows the way.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Ri Bhoi District Committee, said that regarding the demarcation of the boundary in Ri-Bhoi, only two parts have been taken. the Bakhlapara Cluster with 5 villages and the Khanapara-Pilangkata Cluster with 7 villages.
Meanwhile, the Mawphlang MLA said that after raising this issue in the House twice, it has not been successful. Recently, he wrote a letter to the Chief Secretary of the state, saying that If it is still delayed in repairing the road, he will not hesitate to go to court.
And bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ;
Application forms are available from Khasi Book Stall, Room No. 38, Synod Complex, Mawkhar and Adon Books Corner, Police Bazar.
As usual, the audition for Miss Grand India Meghalaya will be held in November and the final will be held in the last month of November and the first month of November in the districts. Nongpoh, Shillong, Tura and Mairang or Nongstoin.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Information and Public Relations, Bah AL Hek, Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri and Director of IPR, Bah HM Shangpliang.
Shillong: The COMSO today decided to strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 and demand the immediate implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
The U-17 national team will prepare for their match against FC Augsburg (U-17) on Tuesday in Augsburg, Germany.
He urged to take good care of this house as it is a house that will benefit them.
The JAC also demanded the release of teachers and technical staff from their posts.
On the fourth day of the rally of the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the presence of residents from different parts of the country has encouraged him to continue. This is the protest to implement the demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
The struggle from one party to another has stirred up the people who have been like si samkhmut for three years.
The meeting was attended by four PDF MLAs Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Gavin M Mylliemngap, Jason Mawlong, President Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, HSPDP and UDP leaders. Renikton said that KHNAM wants to join the RDA but as it is not the MDA, it has not yet decided on the path to take.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: The Hynniewtrep People's Front (HPF) Ri-Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah Apbor Nongrum President and Joyfulson Tmung Secretary has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) regarding the increase in the price of alcohol. The oil distributors and the public have been affected.
As mentioned above, many people don't know who owns the cold storage facility and whether it is suitable for use (cold storage lad Mawreng). The cold storage facility is one of the most important market facilities for agricultural products such as jhur and soh suitable for storage in the cold storage facility.
He said that in Meghalaya, the CUET examination will be held in Shillong, Ri Bhoi and Tura.
Now there are those who start babe.
This is the first time that the NPP leaders have honored Bah Sosthenes Sohtun after he was re-elected as MLA of Jirang for the second term. MLA election has not yet been held in the state.
Schools, instead of intimidating children and parents, should encourage them to allow their children to travel by bus.
For East Khasi Hills, they will report to the office of the District Home Guard Commandant, East Khasi Hills, Mawdiangdiang on the above date. Khasi Hills Shillong.
A State Resolution is something that has been agreed upon by the majority in the House and is very different from policies which are issued only to direct the various departments how to work.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in his speech, said that this Shad ka Kmen also shows the richness and recognition of the inherited culture of the jaidbynriew.
One of the objectives of the RSS is the restructuring and recognition of India as a 'Hindu Rashtra' or a separate country of Hindus.
Dr. Himesh said that breastfeeding after 6 months is very important and it is an issue that has been discussed from time to time but what is needed now is to fight against household illiteracy or the spread of baby food advertisements which often affect the health of children.
Speaking on the government's announcement to set up an Expert Committee to amend the Reservation Policy, Bah Adelbert said, “It is only a step in the long journey that we want and as a party we will continue. I have to pay tribute to Bah Ardent who has taken the responsibility as a leader to stay in this place and I thank from the bottom of my heart to God who has raised him up. Bah Ardent as the leader of the party and the nation,” he added.
He said that the new market in the old market will be built according to the modern era in which parking spaces, bars and so on will be provided and complexes will be built.
“The residents are angry with the way MeECL distributes electricity because they get electricity for only a few hours, while the bill is counted for 10 months,” said Dr Don.
“The Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai should indicate where the trucks will stop to collect garbage from the residents so that the Municipal Board can provide the trucks on the day and time. and they shall bring in the garbage," says the law.
The first Sordar of this village was (L) Bah Plison Khongsit who ruled without a certificate from 1990-2004 followed by Bah Teiborlang Wankhar from that year and continues until now.
These days, because of the way of life, because of the increase in income, where even children can get whatever they want because their parents provide for them, many children don't have enough They like to eat healthy foods, but they prefer to eat junk food such as chips, chocolates, and others.
O MDC or any other distinguished people's leader, while you are still a leader, “don't play with the feelings of the people who elected you, lest you lead to destruction.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Eleazer Diengdoh, Asst.Secy of the party, said, “Of course we should get enough jobs because we have donated a large area for the Civil Sub-Division. , but we should also think about the students of Riwar area, besides that we are still in the same C&RD block and also that many of the students who are educated are in other villages and raids compared to only with the Raid of Shabong"
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : Two girls, Wanhunlang Khyllait and Rilarympei Diengdoh, have received a special award from the Rabon Singh Kharsuka Memorial Committee for the highest marks in Khasi subject in the Bachelor's degree. of Arts (BA) and also a Master of Arts (MA).
The deceased was a day laborer at a resort known as Pala Resort, and on the day of the incident, he had gone for a walk. and another friend of his on a motorcycle to the tourist spot at Mawmluh, Sohra.
Shillong, November 15: In the two months of April and November alone, police have arrested 126 persons for drinking alcohol in public places and for smuggling in public places.
Police sources said Usman was the second accused in the murder of Umesh Pal, who was killed during a shootout with police.
It is worth mentioning that the Lakhempong dance is held once a year to take part in the participation of thousands of children of the Raid Nongtung which is held in the last month of October or the first month of June, before the Raid Nongtung. The people of Raid Nongtung will go down to the fields to pray to God the Creator to give them the right seeds and the plants to grow and grow well. days between the storms to end tomorrow Saturday.
This was after a visit by the members of the JJM Nichol's Roy Memorial Committee under the chairmanship of Bah Ransom Sutnga.
HS Shylla said that during the special session, the EC will also seek the approval of the House on the new amendment to the Khasi Social Lineage Bill 2018 which has been amended as the 2nd Amendment. the First Amendment.
They are also known as the Trai Ri or the Trai Muluk.
Inside the Bimola area, he found that in the area where the juti madan was located, there were foreigners, who were illegal, but not Khasi.
Out of the 90 constituencies in Chhattisgarh, the BJP won 54 seats while the Congress won 35 seats.
The Churchill Brothers2nd division.
On this day, wild trees from the same area were planted.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a woman from Lummawbah, who was first hit, said that after seeing the Bolero, she tried to walk to the side of the road to escape the injury. , but they couldn't stop anymore, because the driver of the vehicle was too drunk and he came to hit her, she said.
This was announced in a statement sent by Bah Ribanroilang, General Secretary, son of Raid Shabong.
Lukas Ryngkhlem (79) scored the second goal for Catholic Youth.
“We have received many complaints against these groups who used to commit these activities in Ernakulam.
Speech was also delivered by Bah S.Marbaniang, Leader of the Group, who said, “Although we come from poor families, we want to help you too.
He said that the group has also prepared many checkpoints to stop the garbage and also to install ships and drivers to collect the garbage. machines that collect garbage are no longer collected by humans.
The Federation also clarifies that at the public meeting held on 12th July 2022, it has removed Bah John F.Kharshiing as the Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States. John F.Kharshiing as the spokesman is wrong.
Western countries have given strong support to Ukraine and demanded that Russia withdraw from the deployment of troops on the border.
Pa'iem Ricky on assumption of office as the Interim Syiem of Mylliem Hima:File Rupang Pa'iem Ricky, on assumption of office, after being removed on the 5th of this month, in the Khasi District. The Council has appointed Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, who has been appointed for only four days.
Liam's career in Hollywood began with Sir John Boorman's 'Excalibur' in 1981 and after that he starred in several films. movies that have a decent storyline with him.
The state government has also suggested to MeECL to conduct a workshop to ensure that the consumers take up the new route.
Samla Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, KSU-CEC, while speaking as the Chief Guest, said that as a nation, although the Khasi youth are far from home and in a place where they cannot see the faces of their relatives. but they shall not forget their native land.
Other office bearers of the MPTCMB who were confirmed are Darossing Ramsiej Vice President, Donbor Nongsiej, Bokstone Thongni and Kordorlyne Kharlyngdoh, General Secretary Remdor Shylla and Joint Secretary Phaibor Paliat. , Bul Paliar and Benjoson Lyngdoh.
It is also the club with the most points, with 15 points.
“I urge the people not to be misled.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that with the government's ban on the import of fish from abroad especially from Andhra Pradesh, the market has become more active.
** The length from north to south is 320 meters.
The NPP will contest the MDC elections in KHADC and Jaintia Hills.
Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School Amlarem beat Modern Secondary School 1-0
“Once a candidate has appeared on the field, we should not count sting if it is anyone because it has happened in other constituencies where they count sting but they win and I hope that Bah Synshar Lyngdoh who is the UDP candidate will win. he's already well prepared" he said.
Price-The price of agricultural products is one of the most important factors in the trade.
Initially, they said they didn't want to but after explaining to the DC, District MCH Officer, DPO, CDPO, State POSHAN Consultant and village leaders, the parents went to take her to the NRC. on June 17 and will be treated until June 4,
We believe in democracy, 25 MPs from the area on the same platform, I will tell you, at that point it will change.
The VPP, the UDP, the HSPDP and the National Party are Khasi, Ardent, Prestone, Metbah and Paul are Khasi.
In the singles shooting competition, the winner will receive a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka along with a silver medal. They were awarded 7,000 and 3,000 tyngka.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, Rupang has spoken to several drivers of commercial vehicles who have expressed their concern about the condition of the road. There were also many complaints from the residents who said that the government has forgotten that this road is farther away from the main roads.
The most important thing is to stop the implementation of GST from now on and the Government of India should refund all the shares of the individual who has paid the GST. The State Government and this will reduce the difficulties in the economy in the future and we know clearly that the Government of India, does not earn, only from the introduction of the GST Act, but there are many taxes, which have been administered. If the government can forgive the tax at this time, we will see tens of thousands of traders who will lose their power. to carry the burden with and more than the government, in such a situation.
The Azadi Festival will be held till 4th June 2022 in Guwahati with the participation of the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh congratulated the founders of this group and urged other petrol pump owners to think and support the local drivers. taxi, because there is a close relationship between the two groups.
The ECC will not stop this good work in terms of health and environmental impact. If the government and the DC's office do not do anything, the ECC will fight until it reaches the end of the year. the High/Supreme Court is honorable.
With this victory, Lajong have earned three points from this match and will prepare to face Smit on the 19th at 3:45 PM at MFA Stadium, Polo.
Shillong: U Bah Ambrose Marweiñ, Sordar of Sangshong Village, Nongkhlaw Hima, on Tuesday urged the Village Authorities, Religious Leaders and Sengbhalang to stand together, lest the incident in Ichamati happens again.
Israeli military spokesman Rear Admiral Daniel Hagari said a few missiles fell in western Israel.
He said the NPP has been accused of being a Garo party, but the ethnic parties have joined it when it comes to power.
They also said that the price of dewbilat of these same companies in Assam is much higher than in Meghalaya.
Besides, according to police sources, immediately after a case was lodged and the arrest of Golam Ali by the Assam police in Agia (on the 5th of this month), it was learned that A fire broke out at the DTO office in connection with the incident.
In this regard, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, one of the leaders of the Nationalist People's Party (NPP) and at the same time the Minister of State, said that Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the Congress MLAs have expressed their desire to join the NPP. He said that he will not return to his former party, the Congress, but his goal is to turn the Congress MLAs to join the NPP. will return to power in 2023.
“This collection of taxes by the Assam police has angered many people especially the residents of Lapangap village because the area where they collect taxes is still within the boundary of Lapangap village,” said the union. .
On 22nd June 2020, the United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) has arrested five former militants of the ULFA(1).
Finally, the Sengbhalang will conclude the public hearing at Mawsynram Market and if the government remains silent, the Sengbhalang will take the final decision to rally inside the Secretariat in Shillong. He also warned the MLAs, MDCs and all the Political Parties of Mawsynram not to take or use this issue as an election campaign platform as it is a strong struggle of the Sengbhalang and the people of Mawsynram. The Mawsynram C&RD Block is still in the process of implementing the demand.
He said that all the claims of the NPP in the media are false whether it is in the demarcation, education which they say to put first but it has declined slowly. and the fulfillment of the aspirations and wishes of the NPP leader (L) PA Sangma which has not been fulfilled yet.
Helps to sleep better: Milk and other dairy products contain tryptophan, an amino acid that has been known to promote good sleep.
The mission of Village Organizations (VOs) and Self Help Groups (SHGs) is to assist and improve the employment opportunities and income of women in rural areas. The responsibility to help the poor members by building a house for a member of the SHG from Pammanik, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said the MFA has received approval from the state government to spend T.94 lakh on the tournament and most of the money goes to the management clubs and teams selected for the MSL. prizes for the winner and runner-up.
The protesters chanted slogans against Sisodia and demanded that he should be removed as Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Immediately, the union did not delay on the request of the family members and today, July 8, 2022, they went to the Deputy Commissioner to inform the Deputy Commissioner about two important issues such as The District Headquarters shall inform the relevant authorities and the Government through the MePDCL Electricity Department to provide Life Time Compensation for a child under 3 years old. which is a monthly food allowance and to help to put on artificial limbs so that when she grows up she will be able to complete the project. to the work.
Furthermore, the people who were able to tyndep in the maia of the thlen were called Lang-thoh-khlieh and this is a story about the thlen how he showed respect by calling the human body like white goats. of shylang.
They also said that the sang is still looking for the people involved in the spread of garbage in this area, and urged those spreaders to go back and collect the garbage and not wait until they find it. If the members of the union find the people involved, they will not hesitate to clean up the area and throw away the garbage in their homes.
The Pastor said that in the Social Security Number, the people do not need to provide their biometric information, but in the Aadhaar, they have to do biometrics, take pictures of their fingers and take pictures of their eyebrows.
All the coal companies have stock, so MCCL also has plenty of coal stock.
It is learned that some people who saw this, immediately helped the victim and threw a stick at Batskhem. When they reached Rymbai Road Ladrymbai, the people arrested him and arrested him. he was handed over to the police.
Not only that, he also alleged that in the past few days, there has been a news report, regarding the construction of the Shillong Bye Pass by the NHAI, in which it has been alleged that the work has been delayed due to “I immediately phoned the DC of Nongpoh.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Prime Meghalaya scheme in the past three years has faced many challenges and has had to change its working so that these things went on smoothly.
Regarding the mining, the residents of Mawmluh II and Mawliehpoh villages have expressed their strong opposition to the proposed mining.
it is not the mountain of Nongthymmai but the mountain of foundation.
If we turn to the issue of giving birth to a son, it is enough, but how can we follow the lineage of our ancestors? How many of us know the race and name of our brother's brother? Even if we know, we know only up to three generations. Many of us don't know the name of our father's brother/paieit.
The NPP also mentioned the work done every year since the party came to power which is clear and not just promises but to make public.
Bhanuprakash Chhetri is an engineer and works for a Sector V company in Kolkata.
This was announced by Pijush Hazarika, Minister of Water Resources and Spokesperson of the Assam government.
Thank you very muchSmt.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the incident happened at 3 pm, when the group of robbers, which consisted of about 30 people, brought back the knives. They came straight to his house with the intention of shooting and wounding the Rangbah Shnong.
So far, 2,041 people have been admitted to the state and 2,642 have been discharged from hospitals.
Mawrie said the Disciplinary Committee of the party will take the necessary action and submit its report against those involved within 15 days.
On behalf of the district authorities, MA Challam, DPde President JFEPA, KL Pariat Chairman Khooid, Riquoma Rq Laloo, General Secretary Jowai Village Authority, Alan Niangti President JFEPA JMB Officer Hunbait Pasah, Jaintia Village Authority Officer Bishar Shylla and others.
Not all governments bring development initiatives.
“He comes right at me, I stop playing, I keep thinking he means to shake hands, but take the bomb stick and he plays the bomb".
“I will work from two offices (Planning Ministry and Finance Ministry) from now on,” said Kamal, who is also a former Planning Minister, while talking to reporters at his Secretariat.
They laughed at each other.
They don't understand that if the BJP nominates an MP candidate this time, it will get less votes than in 2014 in Meghalaya.
“At present, Aadhaar is not yet available to everyone; However, the dispute is still in court whether the central government wants to implement it.
This year, 10 students have graduated from various levels of education from 5 passed Matric (Class X), 3 students HSSLC (Class XII), 1 Degree and 1 Graduate. post graduate.
Aristotle C Rymbai.
Besides, these words spoken by the Nongahom are very similar to the words spoken by us (Khasi) such as : – Mung; Lung; So, Leather, Leather; Share; Injured; Son; Drag; Oil; Light; Potato; Come; And ; Tea; Injured; Fame; Pung;Chub: Stream /Kwan; Khan; Duhalia; Just ; Ap;Baboon; Klong and others.
MJA President Larry P Warjri also spoke on the demand for 5 million Skill Workers before 2020 and other employment opportunities if the youth are skilled in sports.
Furthermore, after the SWAT team raided the area at 10:30 pm, there was an exchange of gunfire between the SWAT teams and the GNLA teams. Due to the presence of people walking and standing in the village, the police had to stop the firing and the GNLA cadres managed to flee the scene.
Maskut has been allocated an elaka by the district council to protect the border of Jaintia Hills with East Khasi Hills. Muscat, Moodymmai, Larnai and others.
We have also seen in the news that the Minister of Electricity, Bah Prestone Tynsong has announced that it will be implemented in Shillong and surrounding areas despite the opposition.
The incident happened at Umling, Ri-Bhoi District this evening at about 4 pm.
The KSU leader also alleged that the District Task Force (DTF) headed by the Deputy Commissioners appointed under the Act, 2016 have tried to ignore the Dorbar Shnongs. the State Government to ensure that the Office Bearers of the Dorbar Shnongs should be in the DTFs”.
About 115 households in this village have received 15 kilos of rice, wheat and flour.
Those who stand in accordance with the Notifications 13.4.1951 which are their Constitutional Rights.
The KSU has demanded that the Revenue and Disaster Management Department should release T.34,53,600 to the 1044 households which the DC's office has sent to the department to distribute.
“We don't oppose and we don't support the kyaid in any way and we are self-supporting and our aim is to free ourselves and to help those who are affected,” they said.
The Committee on Subordinate Legislation of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Shillong today summoned the officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, officers of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Shillong. MHIS as well as the insurance companies that implement it.
The total cost of these constructions is T.15,21,72,500/- and has also received funding from the Government.
He said that there are many shortcomings due to the lack of knowledgeable people in the working methods of the department from the issuance of Utilization Certificates and Detail Project Reports among other requirements.
The Seng supports the State Government which has expressed its love for literacy in its own language by paying tribute to the Founder and Father of the Khasi Alphabet, the living characters used by the Khasi Alphabet. The Khasi people have survived to this day.
You don't have to worry about these things that nature has given you.
Athletes in various sports are good at teaching others how not to smoke.
In this regard, the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) Kong Ïamon Syiem said that on Thursday last month the Child Protection Unit together with the Puit met with the two children. and the people who spread the video.
The winners of the individual category were Team Spirit who won the first title.
Prestone said the summons was not summoned by the Government, but by the court.
All the rangtied of Meghalaya managed to tied the ball well in the first half but failed to reach the target set by Kerala.
Lokesh Poonia (57.61m).
Shillong: Pay For Right Shillong has announced that it will soon open the PFR Athletic Coaching Camp which will include track events and field events for boys and girls aged 4 years to 17 years old.
When some of the shopkeepers refused to comply with these demands, they forcibly took the goods from the shops and threatened the shopkeepers after they had taken the goods they had chosen.
He said that before going to court, he had already requested the Assam government to withdraw and the Meghalaya government to intervene but no reply was received from both sides.
He said that the state government says that there is no illegal smuggling of coal and the people cannot believe it because every day they see hundreds of trucks carrying coal on the road.
Applications can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang from 20th July, 2022 during working hours. : – Applicants are required to deposit a Security Deposit of Five Thousand (5000/-) Applicants must be able to read and write No Sordars, Secretaries Village and Members of the Executive Committee Two passport size photographs, EPIC, Marriage Certificate, Aadhaar Card, Pan Card, Bank Passbook, Residential should be submitted in the completed application. Certificate along with a Court Fee Stamp of twenty-five tyngka The decision of the Dorbar Shnong to appoint new dealers or to renew the old dealer Should include the names of the members of the V.C.A.C. at least 8 (8) members including the Chairman, Secretary, members including the president of the Women's and Youth Wing, members of the Self Help Group and 6 (6) ration card recipients (PHH lane). AAY) In case of failure to elect a new or confirmed dealer within the stipulated date, the ration will be distributed to any nearby center so that the people will not lose their ration. Newly selected ration distributors must provide an electronic weighing scale certified by the Metrological Department.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: The Joint Secretary to the Government of India, Rakesh Gupta IAS, today said that the number of crimes through social media has increased dramatically. public awareness, in order to avoid violence and crimes, resulting from the misuse of social media, especially crimes against women and children.
“The absence of our leader in Nongstoin at the time of the burning of the office can also be confirmed by the tickets and those who went to Bangalore, so it is right for the party to demand the immediate repeal of this Act. “If the government doesn't do anything, we have the right to hold protests to force the government to release us,” said Sohshang. On these demands, it is clear that it is the government that forces the party to protest.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne, on Tuesday visited the market. There is no trading license, especially those foreigners who are selling in the market, even those who are selling in new shops do not have a trading licence. They should not close their shops until they have a trading license.
Then said the Jews, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?” John 7:25-3
"Hazel Mukhim expressed her happiness after winning the title of 'Best Traditional Model'
However, it is better to water more often and to cultivate the soil around the pots regularly, as the plant does not like water and light.
'Ghost Rider' star Nicolas Cage has expressed his reluctance to act and participate in Marvel films. for you.
Two children have died and three others have been seriously injured after drinking a milk shake in Sahiwal, Punjab province, Pakistan. Tuesday.
This will help to boost the economic development of the state in all aspects.
Shillong: The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has prompted the government to reconsider to strengthen the council by appointing a new MCS officer.
In the Recurve Men's team, Mrinal Chauhan, Aditya Chaudhary, Santosh Dutta and Jashandeep won gold medals.
The confusion has increased after about 8 MDCs have signed the same soskular to give their full support to the party of MB Rymbai.
With this allocation of funds, the Village Employment Councils across the villages will be able to use them for the purchase of equipment for the implementation of various projects under the MGNREGS scheme. The National Testing Agency (NTE) has said that the CUET examination has been disappointing for the students who went to NEHU on 15th June 2024 to take the examination. (NTA), the State Government and NEHU, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) said on Friday.
In this elaka, only four kurs can become Dolloi and these include the Ryngksai, Lymba, Kongwang and Syngkrem kurs.
Not only that, all the students who sat for the examination this year including SSLC, Class XII, Commerce, Science & Arts, have passed and have been awarded 1st position. & 2nd Division with distinctions in various subjects and what is more interesting is that not a single person will fail or get the 3rd Division.
However, he said that there are still some concerns about the Village Development Council (VDC) in the Bill. John F Kharshiing said that only the VDC has the authority to carry out all the development works, and Bah John F Kharshiing said that the proposal to set up the VDC should be stopped first because it has to be discussed. it is better that it be a destruction of the villages.
The incident happened on Tuesday, when the girls of Girls High School in Mahnar village of Vaishali, complained against the lack of school building, even where only There are no benches and chairs in the classrooms.
Meghalaya in the last match, lost by half a dozen to Mizoram.
You must also have a brand name and a license from FSSAI so that the public can know your shynrai and also trust your food.
What is Sap Khoo Spah? Sap Khoo Spah is a ritual before the beginning of the Kopati Puja, in which one of the farmers in the fields called 'Bri Khih' (which are about 73 lyngkha) shall bring the rice to the Langdoh's house so that they can put it in well-packed kriah and distribute it at night on the day of Musiang. great celebration of Kopati Puja.
Ferdinand Suchiang, Manager of the club, also congratulated the Principal of Raid Laban Secondary School and the parents of these players.
The state government has failed to work for the welfare of young women in many areas.
These clubs are divided into four zones. The clubs under the Shillong Zone are Mawlai SC, Jyntru, Seng Samla Laitryngew SC, Umkseh SC, Langsning SC, Umrit SC and Jowai Zone. The clubs in Mawkyrwat Zone are Pyndengrei SCSC, Mawten SC and Riangdo YSCA. Seven United SCCC, Lumdiengngan SC, Shillong Lajong FC and the clubs in the Tura Zone are Chipakkore FC, Warima YC, Wasa FC, Atong Matgrik FC, Khliehmawlieh YC and Selsella Sports Association.
Regarding the government's recognition of synsar as an agricultural commodity, the farmers while talking to reporters said that to improve the income of the farmers, the income of the farmers as in this This year, they have faced many problems just because of the decline in the price of their crops.
The President was welcomed by Governor Phagu Chauhan, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Health Minister Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh and General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Bah R Blah.
HANM has urged the KHADC authorities to take action and fight against this.
Rev. NS Phawa, Senior Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly, said that marriage should not be between men and women.
The construction of the administrative block, academic block and hostel for boys and girls has also been completed. So far, 58 posts have been allocated for the appointment of vice chancellor and registrar.
We shouldn’t lose hope too much even though it’s only once in five years.
He said that the most difficult task for the government is to fight unemployment and drugs along with other issues related to the youth to help them not to go astray in life. .
In a few days, the GNLA Re-Group (GNLA-R) has issued a statement on social media on its decision to revive and form a group on various issues in Garo Hills.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 6,043 and the death toll has risen to 1,0
“We will contest with Bah THS Boney in the upcoming MP elections, we cannot compete with anyone,” said Bah Adelbert.
The President today revoked the Presidential rule in Jammu and Kashmir, after the state was divided into two Union Territories.
It is the duty of all the state governments in the country to take care of all the citizens, without discrimination, and the people should not be misunderstood.
East Bengal reached the final of the Durand Cup 2023 after beating NorthEast United 5-3 in a tie-breaker on Tuesday at the Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan Stadium in Kolkata.
Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, P.Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister and Minister, Balajied K Synrem, MLA, CEM, KHADC, Teinwell Dkhar, MDC, Shella Constituency, D.P. Wahlang, IAS, Additional Chief Secretary, in the presence of the Sirdars of Raid Sohbar and Nongjri Elaka, along with other government officials, were also present.
The State Government aims to provide housing to 1 lakh 40 thousand households by the end of 31st October,
In Shillong, if we install CCTV cameras everywhere, we will see clearly how rude the drivers and two wheelers are who think only of themselves to reach their destination quickly.
Sources said that the investigation team has summoned the former Secretary once again on the 12th of July and the former Secretary has submitted a written statement on the appearance.
The Chief Guest, Bah Justine Dkhar, gave many words of encouragement to the students to lead them to a bright future and a successful life. respectful, obedient, humble, to be obedient and listen to the teachings of teachers at school, not to be stubborn “Knowledge doesn't end, so you should share the knowledge you have know, never be proud, and never be ashamed to ask something you don't know" he urged the children.
In my opinion, the Christian Church in our Khasi country in terms of marriage has always taught that a man after marrying a woman should go and live with that woman. , but the Christian church has not taught that man should take to himself the lineage of his wife and the children born of that woman to himself so that they may become one in the household. shed.
The purpose of this conference is to enable investors to learn about the investment opportunities in Meghalaya and the North East.
Dignitaries from government agencies, industry leaders, and investors attended, making the event a success.
Jowai, July 23: To prevent the smuggling of muid from India to Bangladesh and other illegal smuggling activities, the Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya within the last 24 hours. cows seized in East & West Jaintia Hills District These cows were attempted to be smuggled through the forest to Bangladesh in a truck carrying them. The driver and the follower of the truck fled the scene.
The Government should seek information from the Rangbah Shnongs, especially those villages which have factories within the village, how many such volunteers are in need of protective equipment. Corona Virus so that it will be safe for them.
Shillong, June 27: U West Shillong MLA, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that in human life there are three places where the future is determined by the family, the school and the church.
He is survived by his wife and three children.
“I don't want to end up in the distribution of schemes but to think how to lead the constituency in income from 2023 onwards.
Hep said, "To Hep ale, we'll go and eat our food, and when we're done, we'll leave, no matter if you're in a hurry," said Lydia's father.
Vivek said that the gang has committed such crimes many times by ordering the victims to come forward and lodge a complaint.
Shillong, Naitung 2: U Shri Abdul Sultan has lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station that on 30th July at 11:45 pm unidentified robbers set fire to his shop. The shop is located on GS Road Shillong.
“The residents of Sohiong Constituency pray every day because they want to produce legislators not only leaders, they want a leader who can speak in the Legislative Assembly, a leader who can convey “It's a good idea to talk about the problems of the people for the good of the country and the nation,” he added.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony included MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills. Dr.SA Lyngdoh, Junior Specialist, District Medical & Health Officer, Nongstoiñ, Dr.SA Lyngdoh, Junior Specialist, District Medical & Health Officer, Nongstoiñ, Dr. W.Sutnga and the Sordar of Nongthyllep, Bah M.Ryntathiang.
In a democracy, we’re all entitled to express our views and principles.
In the 2nd Division, Lawsohtun beat Lumshyiap 4-0 with goals scored by Riborlang Dkhar (9, 68), Fernando Nongkynrih (70) and Johny Manbha (89).
Shillong: After the departure of 12 MLAs from the Congress party, it has become clear that the Congress party has declined but not only that, the Congress party has continued to decline while there are times when the leading leaders MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh and General Secretary Manas Das Gupta have resigned on 1st November 2021 and have exposed the corruption and negligence of the MPCC. The Congress party has not ended here but has continued until today where on 2nd November 2021 more than 3 thousand members and Leaders of the National Students Union of India (NSUI), the working wing of the Congress Youth Party, have also sent their resignation letters to the authorities.
:The National Highway 62 between South Garo Hills and West Garo Hills has been closed since November
When asked whether the government's claim that there have been households who have left as the government has claimed, the Punjabi leader said that this too is bad news. “You think you journalists don't know because this is one of the issues that journalists are looking into,” said Gurjit Singh.
Out of the eight states, Meghalaya has started to grow slowly in the last three years.
“It is necessary to examine the constitution of each party like the MLAs, whether it is necessary in the ADC,” he said.
This is the son of Harshab in Laban.
Umar announced his final decision at a press conference at the National Press Club in Islamabad on Tuesday.
The determination of the boundaries of the Khasi States shall be on the basis of the provisions of the Agreement under 1,2,3,4, and 5 of the IOA & AA of the Khasi States.
In the letter, Gokhale asked Sangma to explain why the smart meter was imported from China. Prestone admitted that the government has not yet approved the Renewal Energy Certificate (REC) with the Indian government.
“To provide temporary assistance to the farmers in this natural disaster and the fight against COVID-19, I have decided to donate T.40 lakh from MLA schemes to 800 farmers in Jowai Constituency. ," said MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem.
Khliehriat July 25: The programs of the celebration of the Anti-Drug Day in East Jaintia Hills District are underway in East Jaintia Hills District. The program was held in many villages in the district and today the Lumshnong Police Station held this program at Lumshnong Community Hall.
Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima Paiem Ainam Syiem, Minister RF Kharbuki, Secretary of Hima C Rani and Lawyer Erwin K Sutnga will attend the meeting.
At present, many villages in War Jaintia have been forced to live in darkness due to the damage to post lights and wire lights on trees.
The Rangbah Shnongs should ensure that the security system should not stand too close but the distance from each other should be 10 meters when shopping.
The deceased include Abdul Karim of Boko, Assam, Abdul Kalam of Barpeta, Assam and Shyamcharan Debbarma of Tripura.
Shillong: The road from Mawsynram to Lawbah, below Wah Mawlangdiar, has collapsed today due to heavy rainfall. sha Lawbah.
Bah BB Makdoh said that the news published by the channel is not his own and it is clear that it is a false news which has affected his image.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister of Mawkynrew, Bah R Pyngrope, BDO of Mawkynrew, Bah WB Marbaniang, Rangbah Shnong and the villagers.
Participant registration will take place prior to the race.
In the past 10 years, the state government has built an average of 60 km of roads per month.
I am very pleased that the observers have started to take this into account.
“The state will celebrate its 50th anniversary in 2022, the central government has launched many development schemes from the government to the state, the party will work hard to fight and spread unity. and as a party we will fight to spread this through the media,” said Bah Ernest Mawrie.
The VPP has also invited the people to watch and listen to the debates in the House, which they have not believed in the past years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ma Balius Swer, Spokesperson of the Coordination Committee and President of the Jaintia Coal Miners Association, Jowai, said that the coal released last year, lakh tonnes, which has been authorized by the Supreme Court, has been released from April 2016 to June 2017 and the remaining 7 lakh tonnes will be spent in the next four months, from November 2017 and said by Ma Balius, that the value of the remaining coal will be T.472klur.
“The State Police cannot sleep because they are busy fighting against the smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya by arresting drug smugglers.
"Iran has 80 million citizens and according to the number of citizens, we will raise $80 million, which is a reward for those who kill President Trump," he said.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday declared Chigitchakgre village in Gambegre C&RD Block, West Garo Hills as a Bee Village.
Two persons died on Sunday and two others died on Tuesday at NEIGRIHMS.
The main objective of this program is to promote awareness of culture, history and education in this age and to encourage the development and setting of goals for culture and study on the source.
He said the BJP has misused its power by insulting the leaders of various political parties through the CBI, ED and others and alleged that it has collected about T.6,000 crore. through this.
The Minister also announced that the 6th Meghalaya Games will be held in Jowai.
Laws made by the Governor at that time with the approval of the President [19 (3)] may repeal or amend the Laws. of Parliament or of the Legislative Assembly or of any laws in force at that time – Quote “19 (1) (b) repeal or amend any Act of Parliament or of the Legislature of the State or any existing law which is for the time being applicable to such area.
He said that the suspension has shocked all the Home Guard Police who were preparing to take the examination because even the Roll Numbers have been prepared in the hall to write the examination. The police arrived at the venue to take the examination but were surprised that suddenly an announcement appeared on the notice board that the examination has been canceled without giving any reason.
She said that they have seen the interest of the youth in the book fairs held in different parts of the country.
Through a 91% recovery rate and only 3 ongoing COVID-19 cases (as of July 26, 2020), Meghalaya has been able to fight against the pandemic. COVID-19 by taking this as a priority in the health care sector.
The following are the benefits of keeping these plants in your rooms: Air purification : Plants that can be placed in rooms are those that can clean the air you breathe.
He also promised that he will take measures to build a stadium at this ground which is now only used for football and other sports.
“Since I first met him when I was working, Maieit always talked about the border demarcation with Assam, never talked about other issues,” said MLA Mawthadraishan.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle has awarded the Maitshaphrang Academic Award to the students who have passed well in various examinations.
He said that the setting up of a Rehabilitation Center in South West Khasi Hills District will be difficult for the time being but he suggested that it is necessary to have an Oral Substitution Therapy. to provide assistance to those who are addicted to drugs.
He said that in the past, the Wahadadar did not have the right or authority to challenge the customs and traditions of the Dorbar Shnong Shella and did not interfere with the customs and traditions of the Dorbar Shnong Shella.
Former TMC MP Kunal Ghosh was also questioned for five hours at the CBI office in Shillong today over the Saradha corruption case.
He said that the mining of coal in Meghalaya is different because the Government of India has allowed the landowners to own the land and mineral resources while in other states it has not. Speaking on this occasion, the Chief Minister said that the struggle against this has been very difficult, until he has been able to convince the Mining Ministry of the Government of India. He said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been pleased to announce the restoration of legal and scientific mining in the state which will not harm the environment and human life.
Paiabanteiskhem Bhoi (33') scored the third goal for the Sein Pynbhalang.
from vehicles, domestic workers, traveling abroad.
To establish an MPSC center in Jowai for the convenience of the candidates.
And he put the money in his mouth, and, behold, he had broken the money.
In the men's category, Krishan Kumar (800m), Ajay Kumar Saroj (1500m), Santhosh Kumar Tamilarnsan (400m Hurdles), Avinash Mukund Sable (3000m Steeplechase), Sarvesh Anil Kushare (High Jump), Jeswin Aldrin (Long Jump) ), M Sreeshankar (Long Jump), Praveen Chithravel (Triple Jump), Abdulla Aboobacker (Triple Jump), Eldhose Paul (Triple Jump), Neeraj Chopra (Javelin Throw), DP Manu (Javelin Throw), Kishore Kumar Jena (Javelin Throw ), Akashdeep Singh (20km Race Walk), Vikash Singh (20km Race Walk), Paramjeet Singh (20km Race Walk), Ram Baboo (35km Race Walk), Amoj Jacob, Muhammed Ajmal, Muhammed Anas, Rajesh Ramesh, Anil Rajalingam and u Mijo Chacko Kurian (Men’s 4x400m Relay).
On the other hand, Bah S Kharsyiemlieh, Retired Judge of District Council Court, KHADC, while speaking as Moderator before the start of the competition, reminded that without District Councils there will be no Syiemship or Hima. long owned by the private sector as it is now.
AICTE – Swanath Scholarship Scheme (Degree & Diploma) where applicants must be children or one of the parents or both parents have died of Covid-19 or children of the Armed Forces and Central Paramilitary Force who died in combat and whose income should not exceed T.8.0 lakh per annum shall apply with an Income Certificate issued by the recognized authorities.
Shillong: Members of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CSO) today held a march from the BJP office at Bivar Road to express their opposition to the BJP. They also strongly condemned the Governor of Meghalaya, Tagatha Roy, for his delay in signing the MRRSA Ordinance to protect the people of Hynniewtrep and to curb the influx of foreigners. bar states.
In an interview with the director, he admitted that there are driving jobs, which are free but these are not short-term jobs, but temporary jobs, which will end within 3 or 4 months. The projects of the office have been completed and in terms of jobs, those that have been missed have been filled only by the state residents.
Shillong, July 31: A delegation of BJP leaders, including the President of the Mahila Morcha from Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland and other North Eastern States, visited Kong Silbi Passah. She was selected to receive the Padma Shree and honoured.
On the second occasion, the district council authorities were scheduled to come but this time they did not comply with the order of the court but the EM met only with the ministers and the Acting Syiem. together with the elders of the ministers.
According to the NPP leader, the NPP's actions could lead to political upheaval in the state and even a change of government if it does not respect the coalition parties.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which is a coalition of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) ) has been registered in Ribhoi District before the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya on 19th June,
Shillong, July 1: The President of the Bharatiya Janata Yova Morcha (BJYM) in Meghalaya Pradesh has appointed its office bearers including Vice-President Samla Manish Rynjah.
“It may be on the 15th of June that the talks will start at the State Level and District Level,” he said.
Writing is not an easy task, unless God has given a special talent, not all pastors can write, but this writer is still in his ministry, he has been able to write even before. He has already published one book, during his studies, he has published a second book and this book is now the third after entering the ministry. God gave you the writer.
Mann also admitted that Singla himself had confessed to his involvement in demanding money from the tenderers.
The stadium will be constructed at Bolsalgre Banduraja on 16 acres under the NLCPR scheme at a cost of T.3,820.68 lakh and T.3,468 lakh has been allocated by the state government.
The Minister said that through many channels, the government has been able to market many products across the country and the world.
“So you can't say why we are doing this only for commercial taxis,” said the DC. The COVID-19 pandemic has ended.
After the speech, a prayer was conducted by Bah JR Sungoh, Rangbah Balang of Bakur and Dawki.
The report also shows that the existing contractor still wants to take over the work of repairing the road from Jowai (km 69.20) to Sonapur (km 141.50). to clean the drains in Khliehriat, to repair the damaged drains and the report also includes pictures showing that the repairs are in progress.
Therefore, the party is encouraged by the support of the government officials and other elders and organizations from Ri Bhoi on that day and as the party itself does not want to take any path that will mislead the people. The goal of the party is to provide services and to have the responsibility to continue to work for the development of Ri Bhoi and also to bring about the good of the people. and the development of the district as a whole, he added.
In the past few days, the principal of Diphu Medical College (DMC), Karbi Anglong district, Assam has been accused of extorting money from some teachers of the college.
The school was later upgraded to High School in
The Government of Meghalaya through the Prime Minister has donated 5 lakh tyngka to each family of the elderly who were shot dead by the police as a sign of condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones. Assam on
Speaking to media after a meeting with the District Veterinary Officer, Andie Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Khasi Jaintia Pig Butcher Association, in the presence of Boldness Ryngkhlem, President and members, he said that after the meeting, In a meeting with the officers of the Veterinary Department, they explained that there will be no harm if we eat meat that has been cooked well before eating it. There is a decrease in the number of cases of sñiang in the state.
“The party has received the government resolution but not the government that will bring the solution.
Then followed the youth competition by drawing lots and the winners competed until the end of the festival.
Especially, in the theft, robbery and rebellion against the Adong-ki Bidong, which God has established, in the rule of our village, Raid-long hima.
Kharbani said that in these years, the people of Meghalaya have faced many problems in terms of income, employment, education but the government she could not help the people.
So far, the UDP has announced 40 candidates from 60 constituencies in the state.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said this in response to a call of attention by the Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh in the House on Tuesday.
After they had eaten, they drank together.
Perhaps through the improvement of this road, it will be a great blessing for all the people living in different villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
He said that when the union tried to inquire, these people did not even have proper documents and did not explain clearly what they came to do in Shillong.
According to a statement issued by the Secretary of Wahiajer Sport Club, T.Rymbai, the Shnong has organized this tournament as part of the promotion of sports activities in the area.
The village wishes the MDC Phasmon Dkhar to continue to serve the people as a leader and to help the poor in their needs.
When inspecting the house of the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung, it was found that the house of the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung, has been damaged excessively. They also damaged plants and burnt necessary documents, damaged an ambulance while inside the house and burnt a computer.
“One salvation for the soul when I think alone I think even parents or family members cannot give such a home and peace as they get from the Children's Home as 'Service to Humanity' I am like a servant of God,” said Ma Shiwat.
Replying to a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem on the lack of a standard stadium in Ri Bhoi, which is covered with plastic and a synthetic athletic track, Shakliar said: “The proposal for the Athletic Track has been sent and it is expected that the funds will be received soon.
We as the leaders of the Rot Association of Meghalaya through this appeal, express to the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma regarding our right to livelihood. as 'thei nuti we should receive according to the provisions of the Constitution of the country.
The state government has allocated funds for the construction of the road from Mawmaram, East Khasi Hills to Mawlyndep Ri Bhoi District. The cleaned one sits high and makes it difficult for the people to hold it by hand.
The Minister said that the question has been taken by the Ministry of Education to send to various Centers with strong security forces.
Shillong: As part of the training of school children during the lockdown across India.
East Khasi Hills District has won the third position by beating West Garo Hills 3-1
There are also reports that these Sengbhalang will meet tomorrow to take a decision whether to continue their protests or take Christmas leave before now. several weeks.
In the Under 16 category, the age limit is not for those born before 30-11-2007 and after 30-11-2
The HITO therefore demands that the Government of India should set up a committee to discuss the border issue and it will include members from the Government of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States and the Autonomous District Councils. and it shall come to pass, that the soul of all shall be saved.
Through her election, Dolly hopes that she will be able to market any products, whether it is soh ki pai, local products from Meghalaya and others. marketing to all countries of the world, whether in Europe or Africa as well, because it too has a goal to develop.
Rida went home and Panah went to the market.
All those who left the UDP party have decided to give their full support to Heipormi Laloo of Mowkaiaw, the candidate, who will contest from this constituency even if he wins from any party.
The reason for the change of the name of the Maitshaphrang Academic Award is because the party wants to honor this hero of the nation.
Shillong, July 25: As part of the celebration of the Silver Year, the Khasi Biria Association, SBUK will hold a “Úakob Skit Biria” among the colleges in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, on the 16th July Soso Tham Auditorium, starting at 11 pm.
Shillong, July 02: Martyrs Day was celebrated on the 30th July, 2023 at Kyrphei Village, East Khasi Hills as a sign of respect and proclamation to all those who sacrificed their lives. he gave his life for the independence of India.
The raid was conducted after a complaint regarding the presence of shops without trading licences.
Cricket Lovers managed to complete the hurdles target in 18.2 overs for the loss of four wickets.
Then, many of the bodies were loaded onto the trucks to be placed in the cemeteries.
Failure or defeat is something that happens for the better.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26 : U Avner Medon Pariat on Tuesday strongly condemned the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for allegedly violating the rights of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Chanlok Dkhar who wanted to express his right to freedom of speech on the allegation of corruption in the Council.
:The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday brought a garbage disposal truck to collect the garbage from Ïewduh.
Meanwhile, members of the Jaintia Students Movement, Khasi Students Union, Stieh and others visited the village to express their opposition to the mining proposal of Star Cement.
And that is harmful to themselves.
The incident will spark a fierce clash between the two countries in the presence of European Union leaders in Minsk, which was held just 24 hours ago.
He said this while speaking at the celebration of the International Day of the World Indigenous Peoples (NEIPF) at the campus of NEHU here in Shillong.
Dkhar said that regardless of the party, a team will be sent to meet Rev Basaiawmoit.
On the other hand, the Speaker, Thomas Sangma, said that the part of Dr Mukul Sangma's mobile phone has been removed from the records of the Assembly.
Nongpoh: The office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet in Ri Bhoi District, has clarified the allegation that they were involved in the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC). The NOC has not been issued for the purpose of taking up positions in Umtyrnga area on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
“It will depend on the decision of the Meghalaya TMC to elect the prime ministerial candidate, but the party has not yet decided, let the elections be announced before the elections in Meghalaya we have Dr Mukul Sangma as the prime minister. “The party is happy with his work and the party has Bah Charles Pyngrope whom the party is happy with,” she said.
If the MDA decides to nominate one or two more votes to help their candidates win, it will be harmful because it will help to win the Congress candidates. the votes of their candidates.
On the other hand, the Assistant Executive Engineer, Khliehtyrshi said that the increase in electricity bill is due to the outstanding bills and if the village authorities cannot pay at once, They shall pay a little once at any time.
In the past, JFEPA in collaboration with the government authorities has done many things to preserve and protect the Myntdu River from being destroyed by the authorities who do not appreciate and respect this river which provides water to Jowai. and the fields of the fields, and the fields of the rivers, which feed the people.
The people have forgotten about sports in the State, even the MLAs have not pushed to explain in detail about sports and the welfare of the youth in the Legislative Assembly.
The Dorbar Shnong has also announced that there will be a Christmas concert on the evening of the 22nd November featuring the band “TAKEN ABACK” from Mawngap, East Khasi Hills District and the band “THE LYNX” from Mawngap. West Jaintia Hills District Jowai will perform Christmas songs.
In Jowai, the day was celebrated at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Not only from India, but we are witnessing that even from outside India, they have come to our State.
Daniel saw that Jesus was dressed in linen.
He said that there are very few IAS officers from the Khasi community, so he urged the youth to be diligent and strive to reach higher ranks.
On Tuesday, the HNYF met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong Isawanda Laloo to find ways and means to relocate the camp and provide training to the troops. from this area because of the presence of it has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of these villages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: 25 bytes of khar have been stolen from a dam of Raja Kr.
The National Law Commission has extended the deadline for receipt of comments and suggestions on the UCC to 28th November, 2023, from the previous deadline of 14th November,
Speaking at the welcome ceremony at the viewpoint Mawlai, Bah Donbor said that there were 200 participants from 21 countries in Asia, Australia and The competition was held in three categories: Open Bodybuilding, Men's Physique and Classic.
In the Senior Men's 67kg category, Samuel Warjri won the second prize.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing, said that today was the first day of the ceremony for the Sangia saret, the relatives of the souls of the missing and the arrival of the symbood khnong at Tre Loom. Soo Ïung He hopes that with the protection of the gods and kings, the Behdieñkhlam festival will end with the blessings of the Creator. to suffer punishment, to have enough income and to prosper.
The union said that the NGT ban on coal mining and transportation has affected the owners of coal. coal mines as well as truck owners and drivers, and said that if there is a starvation death the government should take responsibility.
We cannot deny that the police have been sending warnings through the media to the public to be vigilant and not to succumb to deception.
Now, there has been another complaint from the visitors especially those who go to the market including the farmers who carry their produce every day to sell to the market and other visitors. The residents of Shillong Airport have been facing a lot of difficulties due to the negligence of the state government to improve the road from Shillong Airport to Mawlai Mawtawar due to the excessive deterioration and small size of this road.
Shillong: Former MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit has announced that a rally for the launch of the Revolution will be held on the 6th June 2020 at 12 noon at Student Square, Jaiaw, Jaiaw. Shillong.
The party leader said that the party invites all its supporters to attend the meeting.
On the same day, when these leaders and members of these organizations arrived at the scene, it was seen that Bah George B.Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, went to encourage these protesters. 'Khalai', in which he encouraged not only them, but also others, to oppose the 'Khalai' camp as it will bring destruction to many youths not only in the district, but also in the whole state.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) Nongkhlieh Circle on Monday submitted a petition to the Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla to express its deep sorrow over the incident. The JNC said that after the formation of East Jaintia Hills District in 2012, the residents of Nongkhlieh District have expressed their hope for the development of the district. par in the field of health, education, employment and others but this has not been as expected.
Four friends have rescued two women from drowning in a river known as Syllek (Tyngkla) near Mowkyndeng village, West Jaintia Hills District on the 4th of this month.
He said that the scheme which the government has implemented today is also specially prepared for the people of the North East and he said that the state government will soon send proposals for the implementation of the scheme. implemented in the state.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has damaged the roads around the Riwar area and the road before reaching Nongjri village has become impassable for vehicles.
Without hesitation to blame the Governor of the State for the fact that the Central Government itself has shown unfair and unfair treatment towards the small states in the North East.
“Everyone should refrain from any irresponsible speech and if the HNLC accuses me with evidence, I am ready to resign.
At the same time, media reported that Obomsawin was also the first member of the Abanaki community to receive this award.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction to see that the road construction scheme worth more than Rs 3 crore at Mawkynroh-Umshing has been completed and the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme worth more than Rs 2 crore.
Mardawanbiang Suchiang top scored with 86 runs for Knight Rider.
But he said – “Take care”.
He explained that the members of the party who went to the MLA for assistance were to get an Income Certificate in order to apply for Unemployment Allowance.
The Meghalaya State Commission for Women has strongly condemned the incident of insult and insult to a Sister from Garo Hills which happened on the 17th of this month at Dudnoi, Assam. board a bus from Dudhnoi to Goalpara.
Ashmita also beat Canadian Wen Yu Zhang 10-21, 21-19 21-1
They requested the Minister to release the remaining stock of coal. The Minister promised to release the remaining stock of coal. the remaining stock.
“About 80 farmers have applied for the Poultry Mission by taking loans from the bank but only 17 farmers who have completed the documents for Phase-I have been released. On the other hand, while talking to one of the owners of MUCOOP, a supplier of sawdust in Ri-Bhoi as well as in the city, said Bah Alfond. Shillong, Bah Bantei Sing Phanbuh said, “At present we cannot manage these pylleng saw properly because the price of production of our farmers from this village from the time they are young until they are born has increased. approximately T270 the tray.
In East Khasi Hills, 21 cases have been registered.
She said this while speaking at the opening ceremony of the dewbilat road by former Mylliem MLA, Bah Hamlet Dohling at Mawkhan village to Rangbihbih village which is about 100 meters long. 600 meters under the PMKKY scheme at the BDO Office, East Khasi Hills District.
Rida's mother was surprised that Rida didn't come to the shop at all, but in fact the Iewduh is a market that no one can avoid because all the household expenses depend on it.
Also present on the occasion were Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Lakador Syiem, MPS, RS Manners, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, DD Syngai, Kong B Blah, Extra Assistant Commissioners, Jowai and others.
But bad habits we must abandon and break.
Furthermore, the KSU leaders said that from time to time the people of Assam have caused trouble with the residents of Lapangap and the KSU has made it clear that if this continues, the KSU will not stop. to start the fight against the Karbi people.
Another benefit to the people from the presence of these MGNREGS offices, is that if the villages have not yet received assistance from the leaders to build dorbar halls, the various village committees and meetings small meetings are held at these offices of the scheme for 100 days.
I) The preparation to set up a Khalai Casino in one of the districts of our state has caused concern to thousands of children.
The message was sent to journalists in Assam.
“The NACC report in 2017 explained that the lack of implementation and management is one of the main reasons for the decline of the school,” the letter said.
In another raid, police have arrested two persons from Pohkseh and seized drugs worth T.50 lakh, a vehicle number AS-B-3 , T.1.5 lakh was also seized from them.
Let peace reign.
Speaking to this reporter, the 10 clothes vendors who did not want to be named are from Lumparing, Mawlai, Mawkriah, Lawsohtun and other places.
Deibormitre Khonglah and Dakahipaia Lyngdoh have won the title of Best Boxer of the 5th All Jaintia Open Boxing Championship 2023 which ended on Saturday.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA of the NPP from Nartiang, has come to Bijou Cinema Shillong as a public to watch the film 'Johkhe' .com' on the evening of Sunday, April 9, 2023.
Himanta has also agreed to hand over the investigation to the NIA or CBI, he said.
“I don't know but it is the duty of NHIDCL to follow up with the Army to get the land for the construction of the 4-lane road from Rilbong to Upper Shillong. “It's a good idea to have a road to build a road,” said Prestone.
Furthermore, the union has given three days to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to order the Rangbah Shnongs of Garo Hills in the Raid Marwet to return the necessary documents such as seals. The President also warned that if the office does not do anything, the party will take the necessary action.
Regarding the objection of Paul Leong , Bah Titos said that when they entered the Kimlee Building , they found that there were new shops and that the residents of this building did not have the trading license, “So we ordered them to close down and leave this place but after a while, I was told that the owner of the building had threatened the employees of the Council. I don't know what the court order is, so I asked him to come and meet me today at 1 pm but he didn't come and sent me someone, and said he urgently needed to go to Guwahati. ".
I told him, "Let me go and try to help".
“How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning: how art thou cut down to the ground!” Isaiah 14:1
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The turnout of voters in West Jaintia Hills District has reached 89.24%. The polling station in Jowai has been closed without any problems, but there has been a problem with the polling machines at some Polling Stations in Jowai but they have not been repaired quickly.
“We must be careful because this is something that was planned from behind and we cannot understand that such a conflict between the Meitei and Kuki is happening.
The second prize went to the Lapalang cow of Bah Chedrak Kharbteng of Umlyngka, which produces 24 liters of milk per day.
The Central Government cannot refuse to provide assistance to the Government of Meghalaya because in the rule of law, there are rules and regulations that bind the Central Government and it cannot just look at the states. right to assistance.
“I don't know if there will be a protest,” said the CEM, but added that as a big party, there is a feeling of talk by the MLAs but this is not enough to shake the seats.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that if so, he will investigate who will be wise enough to send this question from the Transport Department to the Legal Metrology Department.
For more serious cases, doctors from these Mohalla Clinics refer patients to hospitals.
On the closing ceremony of the tournament, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Meghalaya, was the chief guest and handed over the trophy to Mawlai SC. , which has already been crowned as of November 9, 2022.
Swapnil Tembe (IAS) Director, Department of Education & Literacy as the chief guest.
The budget session of the KHADC for the year 2017-2018 will start on the 20th.
Four people were killed in a protest by Hefazar members and 50 others injured in a march at Hathazari in Chittagong on Tuesday.
According to the EM, this is not clear and the management is inadequate.
“I don't have any headaches, my brain is working well.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 17: Together with the students of Nongstoiñ, the leaders of Ka Sur ki Nong West, today came out to express their sorrow and condolences, as the society is now deteriorating. because of violence, especially the prevalence of drug dealers and users in the area.
Sports is one of the ways to develop the youth and it is also a great benefit to those youth who work hard in their skills.
In the past few months, the union has met and submitted a petition to the Executive Engineer PWD Roads Jowai Central Division. do what you need.
She said that Meghalaya was separated from Assam because the Assam government wanted to force the Assamese language on the Khasi.
Therefore, the Government has had to implement a power outage but will try to reduce the time as much as possible for the safety and security of the people.
“You cannot come and accuse us of what you cannot prove, you have the right to speak according to the rights under the Constitution but you cannot insult or insult us. until others feel that their hard work to bring about peace will be lost,” said the union.
According to the source, although the residents of this area have informed the wildlife department to take action or drive away these animals because they have caused danger. However, until now, the Department of Animal Husbandry has not found anything.
The Coordinating Committee of Bangladesh Riwar People on Tuesday expressed its condolences on the passing away of Bah Africa Suting, one of the Khasi soldiers, who took part in the independence struggle of Bangladesh in .
Now, when we look at this country, which is loved by the gods, we have seen the rise of evil and the riding of forty kinds of evil from the city to the countryside.
The Minister said that the arrear is due to the increase in the salaries of SSA teachers since 1st June 2016 and the total arrear is T.89.51 crore, out of which the government has paid T.38.35 crore. klur of this was paid in 2018, bringing the balance to T.51.15 crore.
Rev Dr. Somen Das in his explanation on these stories from the Bible said, “Death itself destroys and destroys human life...The country is now experiencing death in society, income, wealth and governance and no life or hope.
From the past to the present, there has been a lot of discussion and debate about the lack of unity among the members of the Khasi community.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of Youth Week 2018; The Presbyterian Youth Assembly of Mawlyngad has held a cleanliness drive on the 27th of July
The ability of the kur leaders to guide their children to be lovers of morality and dignity especially in the family will improve the future of the Jaidbynriew.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said, “When it comes to the illegal trade of coal in the state, illegally we have ordered to stop, and anyone carrying illegal coal will be arrested and punished.
Guwahati: There have been 50 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to
The fire broke out on November 1, 2020 and the house belongs to Morning Talang.
On the other hand, the director said that he will visit neighboring states like Mizoram and Assam to learn more about the provincialisation. the teachers of July to come.
Some Rangbah Shnongs have tried to inform the PWD department about the problem but no one has believed the authorities. The relevant authorities should take action against the problem of the people in order to clean up these soils that have collapsed on this public road.
He added, “We cannot be discouraged.
Milled rice is therefore not as good for the human body as Khasi rice which we get only by sitting in the thlong.
To escape all these things, we must begin to eradicate them immediately.
In fact, the state government has already written to the MHA to extend the term of office of Mehta, who retired today, so that he can continue as DGP of the state. It failed when the central government did not respond, the newspaper said.
It was necessary to improve the work and for this purpose, it was necessary to have those who supported them from behind and it was necessary to pay them their wages.
Therefore, in order to provide peace to the people, the HYC urges the department to take action on this issue faced by the people and at the same time urges the department to They should take responsibility for the registration of Smart Cards and also inform the village leaders so that all those who wish to register can get them.
Nongpoh: The HANM, Western Ri Bhoi, has urged the district authorities in Ri Bhoi, to take action to provide better security in those villages in the border areas.
He said that according to the talks with the Prime Minister, the Congress will win a lot this time and will retake power in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Jesus said if the unjust judge performed the woman’s rights; how much more shall the God of heaven do justice to them that cry unto him night and day?
Similarly, various political parties have criticized the department for always finding people who come illegally into the state but they don't do anything.
The Party demands that the government or the BSF should pay to the family members of Roningstar Nongkynrih.
He said that so far the company has sent more than 500 children for training abroad in various training lines in collaboration with the state government.
In Nartiang Elaka, four candidates have contested for the post of Dolloi including Helpmi Dhar from Wait, Jomeo Dkhar from Pyrla, Leibanki Dkhar from Jingkieng and u Salong Lamare standing on the seal of the Sun.
The project will start with the relocation of existing offices at Barik Point in November, followed by new construction in November.
Until tonight, the talks between the KSU and the officials of the new agency are ongoing and have not reached an end.
Of the 4,329 deaths, 1,000 were in Maharashtra and 476 in Karnataka.
Nongstoiñ Jymmang 29: The rainy season has started in many places and the mountains have started to turn red because the robbers have started setting fires. put at risk the households on the outskirts of the village in areas farther away from the road.
At the same time, the French gradually stirred up the shrip by persuading the tribes to follow and convert to their religion.
Israel has now discovered the road that Jesus used to walk when he was on earth and this is the road, which is covered with sand and is located in a place where there is a field rep.
auto etc), maxi cabs such as sumos and tourists to earn as usual without putting Odd and Even numbers.
Due to the deterioration of the NH-6, especially the Jowai-Ratacherra road, the delivery of essential goods has been severely affected,” the High Court said.
The country has descended into a terrible civil war after US troops and many other countries withdrew from the country, leaving behind the best and most expensive weapons.
Regarding the reconstruction of the dome, the Lamphang said that the collapsed synrums have been cleaned and the reconstruction work is in progress.
Eat garlic :— Garlic is rich in antioxidants which can help boost the immune system and fight against inflammation in the body, according to experts.
"No! “We cannot upgrade the Adhoc Schools or the services of the Adhoc Teachers to the Deficit,” said the Minister when asked what action the Government will take on the demand of the Adhoc Teachers to upgrade their services.
The KSU leaders also met and handed over a letter to the Director, NEIGRIHMS, Prof (Dr.) Nalin Mehta to express their deep dissatisfaction with the recruitment process for the posts Group B and C under the NEIGRIHMS. you bag care.
It was alleged that Hancock took his girlfriend and paid for her stay at the hotel, including food, from public funds.
At this time, it is necessary to increase our own jobs.
“They also urged the Government to inspect together with the village leaders that the pond should not go to Assam at all and if the Government remains silent, the people will take other measures. the roads.
The Border Security Force (BSF) from the 4th Battalion on the 8th of this month seized 375 billion rupees of illegal drugs across the India-Bangladesh border. Phensedyl drugs have been smuggled into Bangladesh through the border areas of East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that after the party visited the site where the government plans to turn the garbage dump, the party The Dorbar Shnong and the people have gone to the Dorbar Shnong and the people to bring in a beautiful tourist attraction. 200 acres of land at a price of T.52 per square feet.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face East Bengal FC in the final of the U-18 Youth League tomorrow at the JN Stadium in Shillong Port at 7 PM. They played well from the start of the game after winning without losing.
The Congress leader was speaking at a public meeting in Jalore, Rajasthan to support Vaibhav Gehlot, the Congress candidate from Jalore-Sirhot Lok Sabha constituency.
Although the news agencies have not yet revealed the name of the leader, it has been reported that he is one of the leaders who was defeated in the last election by the NPP candidate.
I also don't agree with the fourth part of naming PN Syiem as the second Tirot Singh because the work of PN Syiem is not related to the work of Tirot Singh”.
We can blame others for the decline of the nation, but we must remember that when we point fingers at others, there are also shympriah kti pointing at ourselves.
The CEM of KHADC said that he will take the final decision to convene a public meeting and the decision will be taken after the ARPA meeting on 2nd November.
However, it is recommended that the daily calorie intake should not be less than
Because as it is until now, it has been seen that the duty of the banks is only to improve the livelihood of the people and then the wealth that has been collected and stored by the people has been returned. many other activities especially those that provide loans to those who want to expand or start their own businesses.
Riia, as soon as she saw him, laughed and said, “You have arrived earlier, don't worry about me for a long time...” She stood up beside him.
The meeting was led by Bah Bebankit Syiemlieh, President, General Secretary, Bah Barikupar Mylliemngap and members from Jaintia Hills. West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District and Garo Hills also expressed many of the problems they have faced from time to time.
Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma in a tweet last night said that out of the 859 cases, 627 cases are from Guwahati alone.
These players include Dayalangki Challam, Daphisha Shadap, Daiarisa Nongrum, Carene Sohiong, Rebekah Nongspung, Saralin Rynghang, Barisha Kharbani, Durga Padit, Hymnson Challam, Nowni Ryngkhlem, Aventinus G Giniem, Ramon Ferdinand S Rani. , Gregorwilson Makdoh, Damebanmerbha Blah, Samebanmerbha Blah, Damanbha Pde, Cheltis Shylla, Paul Kharmudai, Teiborlang Lapang, Davy Son Kharkongor, Ïohbor Mylliempdah, Albert Jyrwa, Glikerius Buhphang, Ïalamphang Machwaphlangor L.
I am surprised that the markets of the Khasi as they are now are disappearing.
Pynïaid said that many of the key departments of the State Government have also been relocated to New Shillong to improve the city.
He recalled that in 1984, the HPLC had supported Bah Hoping to become the CEM of KHADC and there he demanded that the government should repeal Para 12 A. “Yes, if that is the case, there may be those who empower him and they are the ones who can explain to him,” said Bindo. “Hoping is now in his old age. " said Mr. Bindo.
Andreas said that according to tradition, the old village was destroyed by the famous earthquake in 1897 and the people fled to higher ground because it was safer. and it is easier to go and come.
“This is also a place to meet and wait together to go to the market and feel peaceful among the residents,” said Bah Croning.
Therefore, the issuance of this letter by the Assam Police Department is illegal and against the Constitution of the country.
New Delhi: A woman, who lives in Delhi, has protested against the closure of liquor shops in the city in recent days and now demands that the liquor shops should be opened. to the shops of wine, that she might go and buy wine for herself.
TRAU-FC, which played with only 40 players from the start of the tournament, continued to win and remained in the bottom position, 13th in the table with only 10 points from 7 games.
Thus, their class results were heard and their mark sheets were viewed by many.
“This is an honor to Conrad K Sangma despite the allegations,” said Bindo.
Chutwakhu has won the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. They beat Mooknor Thadmuthlong 1-0
The meeting was held at the Conference Room, Shillong.
He said that the state which is preparing to host the National Games still needs to build many sports grounds and special training centres.
In our opinion, even if the colleges agree to implement the policy as mandated by NEHU even though they are not aware of the current and future obstacles to this policy, the time will come. that it shall be destroyed, and that nothing shall be done, for to turn back shall be more and more.
Having become their own country, the people of Sohra and Riwar could no longer trade with the Shilot Khar.
This law shall come into force immediately until further notice.
On the day before the opening of the tournament, a meeting was held, which was conducted by Bah Lovely Lyngdoh Vice President.
Alisha Lyngdoh scored the other four goals in the 29th and 41st minutes and Evangelin Bareh in the 23rd and 51st minutes.
From the field of education, in the field of health, there are many backwardness.
His last visit to the state was in April 2022 and he took part in the Tiranga march.
*" Suck Stop.
“I don’t know why they just concluded that I have ties to terrorist organisations.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: A strong storm and heavy rainfall this evening has caused severe damage to a village in Ri-Bhoi district. This has left the villages in Ri-Bhoi district without electricity.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Raliang Circle has alleged that former MDC of JHADC Bah KM Lytan has signed up seven people to buy tin sopiing.
“We must understand that there are areas, themes that can disrupt the nationalism and affect the unity of the state.
No fatalities or injuries were reported during the incident.
He said that many of the households since the previous governments do not have special schemes to help the farmers as many of the households in the state come from poor families and live from agriculture, but the MDA government It has brought together farmers in the state in the last 4 years in all aspects of agriculture and livestock and has also launched various special schemes like FOCUS, Piggery Mission, Lakadong Mission and others to develop and assist farmers. .
“I have asked the fish traders and sellers how many days it will take for the trucks from Karnataka to deliver the fish to Shillong.
During the search, the ED recovered T.20 crore from the residence of Arpita Mukherjee and accepted that it was corrupt money.
Instead of reaching all the households on time, we find that many villages even in Shillong still have to buy water from tankers.
Regarding their visit to the NPP, Lawrence Nongrum thanked Conrad K. Sangma, Prestone Tynsong and Dr. WR Kharlukhi for welcoming them. The former UDP leader in Ri Bhoi, said that on the same day, they joined the NPP, The NPP ticket from Nongpoh Constituency will be given to Macdalyne S. Mawlong, MDC Umsning, who will contest from the NPP in 2023 from Nongpoh Constituency.
As part of his efforts to strengthen the unity of the opposition to fight the BJP for the Lok Sabha elections 2024, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said that Kumar on Tuesday met with Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge in Delhi.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Elite Task Security and Service Agency Training Center (ELTA) Mawjrong on Tuesday concluded a 45 day training course on the post of Security Guard. The passing out parade was held for the third time and 71 people have received training from this training centre.
Most of the areas where these foreigners have been allowed to enter freely are the villages under Mawshynrut Block.
The Assam Commission wants to force the Meghalaya government not to believe the Meghalaya Commission to investigate those people who have been shot dead by the Assam police.
It is impossible to drive without a license and we will take care of this issue as everyone has received a permit and if we drive without a license we will cancel the permit immediately,” he said.
“The Prime Minister is not responsible.
The reason why these FKJGP leaders met with the EE of PWD, is after they found that the contractor has not been able to complete the two roads, which he should have constructed and those They include the road from the DC's office to Sajer Nongpoh and the road from Umdap to Shakoikuna.
Referring to other reports, although the clashes and bloodshed in Manipur have started to cool down with the passing of the days, on the 4th of this month it was reported that robbers have robbed They have set fire to the residence of a Congress MLA in Sugnu.
