The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday urged the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State to ensure that there will be no disruption in the smooth running of the elections. to the Lok Sabha.
On this occasion, the youths of the district, who have participated in the Meghalaya Games, North East Olympics 2022 and other events, were also honoured. They won gold, silver and bronze medals which was an honor not only for the district but also for the state.
“Pan beit da u Puti Thei,” said the mother and turned the bag of money in front of her.
This also falls during the reign of the Beast and during the reign of the seventh Seals.
Speaking to reporters, Bah S.Phrelington Dkhar, former Sordar Shnong of Mawrusyiar, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Mawrusyiar, expressed his regret. Therefore, the soul is very strong because of this work.
On the other hand, Bah Nongbri urged the Superintendent of Police of South West Khasi Hills District to summon the complainant to appear before him to inquire from him about his residence. there is no man by that name.
Jin praised the Chinese troops for defeating the Indian troops without violating the agreement, which prohibits firing in the area.
Kambesa A Sangma took 3 wickets for 3/32 in the first innings and scored 18 runs for Meghalaya. appeared in the 9th round.
Speaking at a meeting with MNF followers at the MNF's Mizo Hnam Run headquarters in Aizawl, Zoramthanga said the MNF will remain in power. with the blessing of God and the people.
Faissal Khan, brother of Aamir Khan, will soon release a film titled Factory; However, Faissal is not as many friends as his brother Aamir Khan and when asked how he feels about his brother's friendship, Faissal said. “I don't want to comment on this issue, because I don't have a strong marriage,” he said.
Leading artists entertained those who took part in this program through their talents.
It is not like us who are Rangbah-rengmattah in name only, we are not heroes in action only; compared to the Paduh of the Gentiles.
However, it is sad that on arrival at Mawkhumkha, the vehicle, by mistake and could not be controlled by the driver, collided with the water tank. and turned around, until the precious souls of these two young women were killed in the same place.
Police on receipt of the complaint have registered a case and tried the perpetrator after his arrest.
The winners will be awarded with cash prizes and trophies.
The UDP Sohra Circle has also announced that the UDP MP candidate for the MDA government, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, will visit Sohra on the 8th of June for a campaign rally.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The BSF 1st Battalion in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police on Thursday seized sugar smuggled to Bangladesh across the border.
“It is up to the government, if it wants me to lift this strike, it should send the letter to us the party as soon as possible,” he said.
All the development projects have been focused on the urban areas, no one believes in the rural areas even in fact, all the MLAs are from the rural areas and only a few from the urban areas.
Parents, if they want their children to be good, they should never be too shy, to bow down in front of their children. they don't love children and teach evil.
Shillong: After the BJP MDC Bhupender Hajong joined the National People's Party (NPP), the Congress has become the minority party in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). .
Tracy Rympei (10′, 19′, 29′) and Iaraplang Nongrum (25′, 68′, 69′, 70′, 70′+2) scored hat tricks. Nongbet (22') and Ibakordor Wahlang (34') scored 10 goals each.
“Both of them have received a cash prize of T.1.35 lakh through the Public Finance Management System (PMS),” he said.
When there is a strong desire, there is nothing that can stop the achievement of what you want. He lost his leg after an accident which became a turning point in his life.
The small plane was leaving Villavicencio for Bogota for a meeting of the officials, as scheduled there.
Shillong, July 31: A team of researchers from the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), Kolkata recently discovered a new species of Thapbawa from a farm in Ribhoi District, Meghalaya.
The fire broke out at 1:20 am on the receipt of the Fire & Emergency Service, but the fire truck was blocked by stones on the road near the office. I'm not sure what to do.
In this regard, there are about 19 trees which have already been cut down,” said Sudarshan.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 06: After the complaint of the market dwellers regarding the pollution of the Rambrai market, the West Khasi Students' Union Rambrai under the leadership of the President of the Samla Kyrmen Marweiñ has visited the Rambrai Market. They also visited the Rambrai market.
Initially, three fire engines arrived to extinguish the fire and later three more arrived.
On the other hand, the farmers stand firm on the demand to repeal these three laws and also to pass a law to increase the government support price, if the minimum support price, for products. rep.
In another incident, in connection with such incidents, the smugglers of kwai supari, shini, masi, and piat in Ranikor area have increased due to the increase in the price of cow, sugar, u On the night of 27/1/2024 at 7 pm at Ranikor Bridge and Pamdaba Village, two vehicles carrying kwai pyut or jleb kwai were seized. They also built a bridge from Bangladesh at Khonjoy and passed through Nonghyllam, Ranikor and Mawkyrwat police stations.
Indeed, Samson, a Nazirite of God, was unexpectedly dressed by Delilah, David, Peter, and others.
Samla Frederick Kharmawphlang in his speech said that the KSU has visited the villages on the border with Assam from Raid Nongtung (or Block 2), Mowluber, Mukroh, Saba (in Pangam Raliang or Block 1), and other villages to hear with their own ears the problems and aspirations of the people that the people of Hynniewtrep are facing.
After the rejection of the Amendment Bill, the North Shillong MLA has introduced a resolution to express the same intention as he had expressed when he introduced the Bill.
On receiving the information, the Quick Response Team rushed to the scene to investigate the incident.
Shillong, November 10 : The State Government is preparing to increase the financial assistance to the families of four refugees who were shot dead by Assam Police in Mukroh on 22nd November this year.
This year, there were 18 categories of events, including Run For Run, Carrom Board, Drawing and Scetching, Fancy Dress, Hit the Tin, Mawpoiñ, Penalty Shoot Out, Marble Race, Sack Race, Horse Fighting. , Quiz, Singïing, Skit, Arm Wrestling, Drinking Water, Tug of War, Chilli Eating and Dancing.
He also urged the students to work hard and make progress in their studies.
He said that at present they have not yet moved back to the area and will wait for a few days.
On the 1st of November, Thangbuli YSWC will play against Pdengkerong YC at 2.30 pm.
Although Jammu players tried to respond, they could not convert and eventually suffered a defeat.
Now we have strengthened the party, we have skilled people and high rank compared to other parties in the state.
“The inability to produce meat on its own according to the demand of the state has also forced people to eat meat,” said Deborah.
The seminar was attended by Dr. AK Nongkynrih (Professor NEHU), Bah Samuel Jyrwa (Chairman) NESO), Fabian Lyngdoh (former Chairman of KHADC), Honsen Lyngdoh (one of the richest men of Shillong), Angela Ryngad (Sengbhalang Leader), Dr. Toi, Pastors, Fathers, school and College teachers and other professionals.
On 13th April 1951, AD Pandit Chief Secretary of Assam announced that Block I and Block II had been separated from Jaintia Hills.
He also urged the members to take an active part in the implementation of the projects supported by the government to encourage them to become entrepreneurs.
Players must bring original documents to prove their name and age.
Shillong, November 15: The 40th Anniversary of the Presbyterian Church of Pohkseh was celebrated on Saturday.
They also said that the MLA/MDC's statement that all the office bearers of the UDP Party are only residents, has shocked everyone especially that Mawlai Nongpdeng is the headquarters of the UDP Party. In the last election, Mawlai has received the highest number of votes from all the villages in Mawlai.
On this occasion, people from all over the states and also from other countries of the world, came to gather at the shops of Meghalaya to buy and sell. eat the Soh Ñiamtra, which is clean and pure.
They alleged that the Lyngdoh had planned to destroy the raid Shylla because the Lyngdoh's belief that he had no participation in the raid had shown that he was ruling by force and this was a destruction of the raid and a violation of the customs. culture control raid.
On the other hand, the UDP said that it is happy that the state government should hand over to the NIA or CBI to investigate into the shooting.
This refers to the Jews because they do not want Jesus to be their King.
Speaking to reporters, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State, said, “I think the differences in the working methods between the parties in the government will be resolved soon because we will hold the Starring. Committee to prepare a Common Minimum Program which can be harmonized with the activities of the groups involved, to be prepared at the same time”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Construction Manager of the company, Hanuman Kalamb, said that the dewbilat at the bottom of the bridge has collapsed and is getting worse every day due to the traffic. who are heavy.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Saturday arrested a foreigner named Md Joynal Uddin for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl in Amlarem.
The large number of weighbridges on the National Highway NH 6 and NH 206 has caused the trucks carrying goods to weigh frequently and to pay the tax set by the owners of the weighbridges without following the rules. state government regulations.
Another reason given by them is that the SSA books prepared by the MBoSE which have been printed or purchased since previous years, should be distributed in
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The JNC-Western Zone on Tuesday visited Muktapur Village on Tuesday morning to investigate the incident of a relative who is also a doctor. During the investigation, the BSF together with the witnesses of the incident and also with the villagers, the BSF has learned the fact that the violence by the BSF in these areas. it is too much for it to happen from time to time and it is also destructive.
The purpose of this Act is to provide adequate education for children in India regardless of their wealth, gender, caste or creed.
Shocking news has emerged from various parts of the State, and such incidents can no longer be accepted by the peaceful residents of Meghalaya.
Some candidates present their individually prepared agenda, while others present their election promises and agenda prepared by the party they are standing for.
From the time he landed in Guwahati, he walked for several days through the forests, until he reached Syngku village where he received the help of the residents of Syngku. village.
During these 45 days to be 1335 days, the first work the Lord will do is to rebuild Mount Zion.
KHNAM is ready to negotiate with MR on this issue and if MR wins we will not demand anymore, but if the KHNAM stands, the government should immediately implement this good intention.
We must not be deceived and lie over this truth! It is the only religion that God brought into the world with the purpose of redeeming mankind from sin and delivering the world from the curse.
Shillong: Leaders of the UDP Sohra especially from Khatar Shnong have expressed serious doubts about the behavior of the PDF MLA of Sohra, Bah Gavin M Mylliem in connection with the recent MP elections.
Have we, the indigenous people, become free or have we become slaves to these Indians who love foreigners from Nepal and Bangladesh more than us indigenous people? As it is now in the lower levels of the Police Department, the keys are held by non-locals.
“As we didn't demand in 2011 for these villages, the question of bringing them to Meghalaya is no longer possible because it is difficult to convince Assam even if we still demand many villages which are not included in the list. list 2011" said the prime minister.
He also served as Joint Secretary of the APHLC Central Body.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA of West Shillong, has lodged an FIR with the Lumdiengjri Police Station over a Facebook post against him.
“Pataka bombs have been allowed to be burnt from 8 pm to 10 pm in accordance with the order issued by the Supreme Court of India in Writ Petition No. Judgment dated 23.10.2018.
These issues are related to the deterioration of peace and order in Garo Hills and also to the influx of foreign authorities and foreigners into Meghalaya and these measures will be implemented to curb it. to these two issues.
It is a fact that the dark people, who are mentally and spiritually destitute, have destroyed Shillong.
What is more, our state is located in the seismic zone.
He said that if the government still wants to delay the border clearance work, it is up to them but it should speed up the development works in the border areas and set up outposts in the border areas.
He said that on that day, the people who came to take part could buy the soh and experience the cleanliness of the soh of Ri-War.
The demand for the establishment of a Rongjeng Civil Sub-Division has been pending for more than 40 years and it was in 2017 that the Administrative Unit was opened in Rongjeng. notification shall be issued by the Lat of the State.
When God cast him out, Lucifer became Satan, and this devil blasphemed God and man.
Speaking to media, Bah Banteidor, Adviser of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee, said that in the last four years, there has been a change in the style of play of the youth of Mawkynrew Constituency. The tournament is pleased to have produced some of the best players who have represented many clubs or even the state.
They also discussed the Terminal Benefit which the government has not paid since MeSEB was converted into a Corporation in 2010. Many states have paid this but the state has not paid it. Meghalaya has not paid the workers.
Toni Kroos, who is still expressing his happiness, after scoring the winning goal for Germany.
It is understood that the reason why the MLA issued these remarks was after he saw the plight of the people living on the border with Assam, where the people living in such areas. Border areas, they are facing serious problems in many areas and especially in terms of roads.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said the decision not to implement the ILP in the state is not only a personal decision, but a joint decision of all the Congress MLAs including those who are not. “Only three Congress MLAs did not attend the meeting because they were outside the state,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Furthermore, Kong Toi said she learned about her removal from the post through the media.
The Secretary of Pamrakmai Village Tbn. IK Rymbai said that this decision was taken on 14th June at the meeting of the dorbar shnong in connection with the MDC election campaign to the JHADC.
It was on the basis of all these things that it was decided that Jesus would cut down the Cross as a sign of cutting down the hardhearted nation of Israel.
“The government needs to pay all the loans to NEEPCO, NHPC and NTPC to get electricity from these companies,” said the President of the KSU. power hunger recovery plan.
He said that one of these violations was against the Commissioner and Secretary of the Traffic Department, who gave the bridge to his own family to collect taxes in East Jaintia. Hills District.
When we demand the repeal of this Act, the army says they need it and it seems that there is something wrong with it,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit.
“Therefore, we strongly urge to take punishment in this regard so that those involved will not escape and also to take steps to prevent such incidents in the future in order to regain trust through On the 11th of this month, a group of BSF troops allegedly attacked and threatened to shoot dead an officer of the AH & Veterinary Department of Muktapur. Dr Seiboklang Buam warned him about the zero-line smuggling, which happened while Buam was fishing.
Expunction- The expulsion of the opinions expressed by the members of the Legislative Assembly from the report or bill submitted to the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Thombor Shiwat urged all the MDCs to have the spirit of responsibility to work together for the good of the council as a whole in this time of financial crisis so that we can solve the problems.
“There are laws in the state that need to be improved to avoid any conflict with the rules and regulations of the UGC,” said Dr Gnanakan.
While you don't find anyone who doesn't eat jadoh in a Khasi shop! Therefore, the Kharoi like those of our Jaidbynriew says: “"Those who turn into Biahphongrai are the ones who cut off the ryndang of our Jaidbynriew with those wild boars from the Warjri, Kurbah, Syiemlieh, Nongbri, Nongrum, and so on. They are from Bangladesh, Pakistan, Assam and Arabia.
The 108 employees of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union have demanded that the government should take over the department and not hand it over to other companies.
Diengshynrum Sports Club has won the Under-16 and 2nd Division Football Tournament while Rymbai Madanpynriang Sports Club has won the 3rd Division Football Tournament. Football Association (EJHDFA).
After that, there will be three years of middle (upper primary) stage — grades 6, 7 and 8 and then there will be four years of high (secondary) stage — grades 9, 10, 11 and .
The Block Development Officer of Mawshynrut C&RD Block, who is also in charge of Muliang Block, has been appointed as the Block Development Officer of Mawshynrut C&RD Block. The office is located in Nonglang.
The President of the Seng, Bah B.Marngar, said that the mark sheets should be submitted by the 31st of this month by printing and sending them through the WhatsApp number of the President-7 prepare all the necessities.
Of course, it is necessary to support or develop the people, but there should be another way to benefit the government.
Besides these, many of the patients from the state have gone abroad for treatment like Assam, Tamil Nadu, Delhi, Maharashtra, Kerala and elsewhere for treatment.
The Jowai Municipal Board, which is responsible for the cleanliness of the village in Jowai, should take action to raise awareness among the residents and the village authorities in order to remove the problems faced by the residents of Jowai. he met the stone.
We have had three governments which have made Shillong the capital,” said Bah Bindo.
Hundreds of people from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency today, 19th June 2021, marched to the residence of their leader and Minister of Health and Family Welfare. State Government, Mr. AL Hek, Rynjah.
Mawphor in its inspection of the training centre, found that many of the elderly, women, students especially those who have lost hope even though they have completed higher education, because they have not yet found jobs.
Some people asked me, “How do you feel?” I told them, “I agree with the first and second ranks, because when you say 'u Khla wait' it means man. who is brave and fearless.
Many people don't think about the true meaning of these words and even the managers of the market don't think that these words mean something else.
This year, three states in the North East have lost their names and no candidates from Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland have passed the UPSC examination, the report said.
Prestone said what is needed now is how to treat water because water is the most important thing in human life.
“I used to be a job seeker but now through the blessings of God I have been able to stand on my own feet and provide jobs to my fellow youth in this time of unemployment,” said Samla Pynhun. The Red Rose Resort has youngsters who have worked abroad like the Oberoi Hotel to stay away from home but now they don't need to go abroad and go far away but it is a way for them to work. hala you of your bag.
If the skum is dry, stir it but be careful not to dry it.
The participating states are Assam, Bihar, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Odisha and West Bengal.
If there are MLAs who know how to give opinions, those in power will be able to answer.
The purpose of this event is to attract the talented people from the entire riwar area.
As a member of a political party, he feels that he has to look after many problems in society and he hopes that through cooperation many problems can be solved whether it is in the field of health. and others, said Ma Shylla.
Despite the Central Government's claims to help households who use LPG cylinders, the price of LPG cylinders has increased to T.1,200 each. .
The MPF as a group had 12 MLAs at that time, including the UDP with eight MLAs, the National People's Party (NPP) with only two MLAs and the Garo National Council (GNC). ) which has one MLA, and Saleng A Sangma as an independent MLA.
Rev.PBM, who is under suspension, has led the Congress on many issues, such as Family Planning, corruption, failure to settle the border and so on.
The distribution was led by Babu Manbha Lyngdoh Lecturer in the presence of Maharaj and staff of Rama Krishna Mission Sohra Ashram.
On the other hand, Shullai said that the BJP Meghalaya should follow the example of Nagaland where the NDPP and the BJP have been working together. has won more than 37 seats.
Three girls have received these awards including Lapdiangkmenlang Khongsit who passed SSLC with 91.65% and Ibaphylla Khongsit who passed 71.25% in BSc. and I Samla Ribansuk Khongsit 72.44% in the BCA. The topic of the meeting was how to set targets to increase the number of units to strengthen their working methods and to find out the kurs who have throughout the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and urged the parakurs to sleep with their parakurs and the expectation that in one year many parakurs will attend the meeting once a year.
He stressed on the inclusion of all in financial services, information sharing and continued efforts to bring about holistic development in the North East.
SDO (Civil) Ceyril Diengdoh said that these youths are the Ambassadors of the Sohra Sub Division.
There was also a drawing and essay competition on 'Only One Earth' - Living Sustainability in Harmony with Nature, there was also a debate on 'Urbanisation - A Boon or Bane' participated by 20 schools.
Dr Mukul said that the increasing number of police transfers is due to the conflict and corruption of the politicians in power.
There are many cases of violence against women and children which are reported in the media and not reported in the media which the relatives report directly to the Police.
¢Do not install indoor ignition switches that can be touched by children’s fingers.
“We don't want to see the new Shillong become like the present Shillong,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Social information infrastructure is the first line of defense.
Noting that even the former Judge has sought assistance from the Government, Dr. Ampareen said, “Even he has sought assistance from the Government of Meghalaya.
However, there are many coal mines if we draw the path of the river.
"I'll see tomorrow," she said and covered her mouth. "I'll get a job later," said Hiram's mother. "Have you completed your degree or not?" asked Hiram's mother. “I'm still in second year but I've made a mistake,” said Hiram. “I'm sorry, but what can I do if I've made a mistake?” said Hiram's mother.
Ezekiel 5:8–11.
Jesus first called four men to be his disciples.
Former CEM of KHADC Latiplang, leader of the United Democratic Front (UDF) has filed a complaint in the High Court of Meghalaya against the Administrator Rule in the KHADC. Four Executive Members (EMs) have received the approval of the Governor after the High Court, Meghalaya has ordered the appeal of Bah Latiplang. u Lat through the advice of the State Government.
The Dolloi said that due to the shortage of paid, it has become difficult to complete the construction of the house.
Dohling said Amit Shah's actions show disrespect for the state government, the political parties and the people of the state.
Speech was also delivered by Ma Shaniahskhem Dkhar President Seiñkur Dkhar Wapung Circle. The meeting was enriched by cultural performances by the children of the Kur including Shong Jalaphet, Lumthari (Nongkhlieh) and children of the Kur.
The JSU in a statement said that if such incidents happen, the company should take responsibility and should listen to the demand of the union. These two employees are from Meghalaya.
Under this scheme, 2 lakh youths will be provided with financial assistance for the purpose of setting up their own businesses so that they can stand on their own feet.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that at the time of the decision to abolish, it means that it has been abolished completely and they have no purpose. to implement this project.
Although these teams had enough chances, they couldn’t score until the end of the first half.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The District Youth Officer, Nehru Yuva Kendra Shillong in collaboration with the Sports Department of the Central Government, has organized a hosted a public speaking competition recently.
Shillong: On the 10th June 2023, at 11 am, a group led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, together with Paiem Phrester Manik Syiem Lieh, Executive Members of Rambrai Hima met with Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief of Myriaw Hima, Pynskhemlang Nongshlong and Sharailang Marba Niang. Secretary, Meghalaya at his office at the main Secretariat to submit a petition seeking clarification on the letter sent by the Department of District Council Affairs to the Deputy Commissioners requesting them to close the All toll gates erected by the Autonomous District Councils or their subordinate authorities including Hima/Elaka on National Highways, State Highways and District Roads in compliance with the National Highways Act 1956 and the Control of National Highways (Land and Traffic) Act 2002 and other laws.
At the meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma spoke on the ease with which banks have transferred funds to the Women Economic Empowerment Scheme through the Financial Inclusion Scheme.
“If tourists are treated in this way, our tourism activities will be affected, therefore the Seng urges the law enforcement agencies to punish the perpetrators," the statement said.
The Disaster Community Department of Talat Nyacoub has sent 12 ambulances and dozens of 4x4s personnel and police personnel along with 100 personnel. Relief teams to rescue and search for those who are still alive inside the rubble of the collapsed houses and to treat them in a timely manner if they can be rescued from the fire. where they stayed.
The Center has a Multipurpose Theater or Hall which can accommodate various programs with adequate seating and space.
“They shot and threw his body into the coal mine,” said a source from Mutong village. arrange for the village to go and find him.
To hold a program of honor in one's own constituency, and to say that he should contest MDC again with the strength of the people, is not a difficult task.
PC inside the Dwarksuid Bridge and warned that all vehicles should not pass through the Dwarksuid Bridge on the Shillong Bye-Pass and Umroi.
Thus the Sutnga Hima (Jaintia Hima) became an area of ​​British India.
“We are fortunate to work in a state like Meghalaya because the Political Executives are different compared to others in other states because there is no conflict between the people. the world and the government.
The money was also seized by the Customs.
Speaking to reporters, Salman said that he was once stabbed by the bsein, who entered a room with some of his family members, but when he threw a stick, he was stabbed. and he was struck again in the hand.
On the other hand, Samla Niwasly Rymbai President of JYF-EJH said that for the sake of serving the nation, Samla Niwasly Rymbai said that it is for the sake of serving the nation. JYF-EJH, which is one of the groups that have joined hands on this issue, announces that it will not take part in the protest. Chess and the protests of the 7 Sengs Because the Seng still has many issues to fight for the cause of the nation, the Seng bless these 7 Sengs who are still in the middle of the protests to continue their chess. Shillong, Jymmang 8: The meeting of the Union of Rangbah Shnong (Urban and Rural) held on 31st July, The Union of Rangbah Shnongs has convened a meeting convened by the DC on the National Population Register to be held on the 11th June.
Similarly, her early expulsion from the Thailand Open after being defeated by Canadian Michelle Li was not the right way to present herself in front of the tournament. which remains the last BWF world tour title for the fighter.
The NHAI in its report also said that the installation of pipes along the road from Jowai to Ratacherra has leaked water in many places which has caused water to pool and discolor.
College teachers who do not receive government salaries should receive adequate salary and status.
Laitkor SC had to come back strongly after taking the lead by 10 goals to beat Lumparing SC 4-1 while Mawlai won the title 4-2 from the penalty spot. The PFR Football Academy drew 1-1 in extra time.
After the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, we see that the Disciples and Apostles, Christians of that time and today are still fulfilling this Commission of the Lord Jesus Christ to tell and preach this truth.
On November 18, 2023, 26 opposition parties announced the formation of a new coalition called the Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance (Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance) to fight against the The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has decided to form the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) led by the BJP in the Lok Sabha elections next year. of these 26 organizations in Bengaluru, Karnataka.
The incident is a serious theft and the Minister of Power should launch an inquiry into the incident.
The UDP, which won only six seats in 2018, has won three ministers and one Lamphang post.
The Prophets understood the Ten Commandments, and taught or explained to the people that the Law should not bind or imprison life, but should comfort, deliver, save and give hope.
Speaking to reporters, Assistant Education Secretary Gabriel Sun said that the union has met and submitted a petition to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof Henry Lamin, Registrar Prof SK Dixit and Head of Department of NEHU. Law Department, Chintamani Raut to arrange this case.
In the women's final, Wapung Block beat Jalaphet Zone Saipung Block 1-0 with a goal from Larisha Lyngdoh in the 37th minute. .
Kings 4:40 speaks of death and despair.
The state government has called in the Army and Assam Rifles on Friday morning to assist the police in curbing the clashes.
The Court on July 5, sentenced him to imprisonment for up to seven years and a fine of T.20,000 under Section 4 of the POCSO Act.
Shillong, October 25: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that he is not satisfied with the behavior of the former Executive Committee (EC) led by the Congress on the implementation of the Khasi Heritage. Village project in Mawphlang without tender.
This shows proactive work to deliver quality services as promised for depositors and their families.
Pangniang said the party will stand firmly against this and demands that the Chief Minister should immediately withdraw the decision to transfer 56 sub-stations to BECIL in Noida.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: Youths of West Khasi Hills District have prepared to meet with the Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh on the lack of artificial turf in Nongstoin. promised and announced publicly since 2019.
However, she has directed the government to find land for them but till now, the government has not received any land and has not taken a count of how many people are selling land.
Jowai, Nailar 09: The Jowai Youth Movement (JSM) Western Region and the Jowai Youth Circle today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hill District to discuss the issues of children who are still in school. two classes until now.
On the other hand, the UALA signed the agreement with its Chairman Novembirth Marak and General Secretary Nagra D Shira.
Not only that, but there is another robbery by taxi drivers and that is the overcrowding of passengers, where some of them are sitting up to 4.5 passengers in the back and also in front of them. If the police want to stop the overloading, they should start searching in Hynniewmer, Sanmer and 3mer and from 3mer onwards, they don't need to search anymore. he searched for those who carried the most people.
Speaking to reporters, Children's Minister Rashed Khan Menon said the Nadi Festival will strengthen the relationship between the North Eastern Region of India especially Meghalaya and Bangladeshis.
“Don't touch our khiew, bring an AK-47,” he warned.
But the night was far spent, and no one found the lost one.
It was informed that the KAAC has installed a revenue collection gate in Khanduli Village, West Jaintia Hills which is still under the jurisdiction of JHADC, and the Karbi have encroached on the farmland of the Pnars. The union strongly suspects that all these are the plots of the Assam Government to annex the land of West Jaintia Hills into Assam, in this phase 2 boundary settlement.
He said that this time, the talks on SA and IOA will not be included, but if the Indian government approves, the party is willing to discuss that too.
A teacher in the Maram area asked a student, “Who is Mahatma Gandhi?” The student replied, “Who is Mahatma Gandhi?
The match was a thrill for the crowd who came to witness and support their teams.
They said that it is for this reason that many of the youths have joined the GNLA and ASAK. Many of the Garo youths have taken part in this program brought by the police. He also said that these youths are willing to take part in this program to learn how to join the police force.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu in its working meeting has submitted a report and discussed the development works of the village especially the works to be implemented by the VEC Shnong which is implementing the 100 days bill scheme to run smoothly in the village for the benefit of the villagers. village.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Chairman of the RBDSJC, said that the Organizing Committee invites all the religious leaders, civil society leaders and others. The residents of Ri Bhoi District, to come and join hands for the sake of peace and order in the District and especially to celebrate the Silver Jubilee or 25th Anniversary of Ri Bhoi District.
Without a leader we cannot reach anywhere and we cannot do anything without a leader.
While US special forces were searching Baghdadi's camp, Donald Trump was in the White House watching the incident as it happened on video, as if watching a movie. Helicopters, armed with ammunition, and troops surrounded Baghdadi's residence and troops were guarding the air to allow the Delta Force to enter the room. you have Baghdadi.
Speaking at the meeting of the Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MLPSCTA), Bah Birbor Riangtem, President, said, “We have provided our services to improve the quality of education of our children. of the whole state and they do not count; “But in the end, the MDA government, led by the NPP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF, has told us that we can no longer help you,” he said.
Shillong, July 19: The State Government on Thursday urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to reconsider its decision to end the peace talks with the Central and State Governments.
When you lead the blind, speak to them first, then offer your help.
The spokesperson of the DBF Company said; “The purpose of this program is to guide women from low income families to improve their income through self-employment in the villages, to help them to become self-reliant to provide for their own needs.
Rupang on Tuesday went to Manai to meet the DTO, but no one was present except the Chawkidar and he said they had gone to a meeting.
The incident comes after the country tested 10 million people in the eastern part of the country, which borders Russia.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah John said that the claim of the BJP ministers that the Congress government is corrupt and has nothing to do to end the coal ban in the state is nonsense. .
I don't know why Shah Rukh Khan is a film star and I'm surprised to see the place, the village, the film industry and many more. things too.
He said that when renewing the office bearers, they have to carry the documents from the house of the former Secretary to the house of the new Secretary.
Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, who is also a member of the Ri-Bhoi Regional Committee, said that he will always be on the side of the people if the Government does not listen to their demands regarding the demarcation of the border. It is located in Assam.
Other speakers were BJP State Vice President E. Mawrie and JA Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Marakaiphon.
(03)2023u/s/326/307/34 IPC.In this regard, the investigation is ongoing but it was found that the suspect has given the There is no statement on this incident.
“If anyone says that the Tenancy Act is not working, they should suggest a way to make it work,” he said.
Dr. Eric Miller, Director, World Story Telling Institute, Chennai spoke on the history included in the field of culture and encouraged the villagers to take the lead in writing and placed specifically on the background through songs to the children during play or lesson.
The purpose of the investigation is to determine whether there is any overpayment of compensation to the owners who have sold the land for the construction of the airport at Umroi.
Treiborlang Suchen said that the government should not discourage and hope the athletes of the state and the government should provide all the necessities such as sports equipment and playgrounds for the sports teams. sports to continue the preparations for the National Games 2022 to be held in Meghalaya.
“It is a superstition, I cannot explain it, in what form the ksai will protect, there is no proof of it,” he said.
The storm also severely damaged the Vesto Upper Primary School in Rangjadong village.
There were no casualties in these two places and fortunately, the earthquake and rockfall happened in the evening when there were not many people. they came.
All three of these parties are political parties that have emerged from the political parties in the state and all the leaders have their own reasons, while the party they have formed has grown. After that, the FKJGP formed the PDM under the leadership of Sounder Strong Cajee, except for the HSPDP. they care about their nation.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, in an interview with Rupang, said that police have lodged a complaint on the incident, although he admitted that it was the failure of the brake, which caused the incident. I'm sorry for these cars today.
The President of the State Youth Wing (KHNAM), Bah Thomas Passah, has strongly condemned the statement of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KAAC. “The statement of the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) that he says that the Khasi are poiei is a nonsense and a baseless statement. without knowledge.
He also urged the farmers to think carefully about the cultivation of soh which is found only in this area.
He also told about the Progress program which is specifically for the purpose of creating opportunities for the youth to start their own businesses in the cattle and pig farming.
The story is about the life of two brothers who have been left behind in their society due to the outbreak of the disease which has spread throughout the village including their families. the sons of Heth and Shathai.
She applauded all those involved in the ODOP industry who have been recognized through the ODOP awards, and pointed to the large role of guiding entrepreneurs in communications activities that bring news that related to the achievements of farmers from the most remote areas.
If found guilty, they should be punished according to the law, the government cannot act impartially,” said Dr Roy.
The meeting will discuss the implementation of the National Food Security Ordinance, the implementation of the Election Manifesto, and other schemes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Shillong Lajong FC have won their first title in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. They beat Gokulam Kerala 3-1 in the 2023-24 I-League season.
New Delhi: Reliance Jio today announced that Jio number holders will have to pay Rs 7 per minute to call other numbers, including Airtel, Vodafone-Idea numbers. , BSNL and others.
The most important agricultural products sold by the farmers at the market are kyngam, sla tyrpad, phan and other agricultural products.
It is only Hinduism that forbids the consumption of cow meat because it is believed that the cow is the mother of milk.
At 1:30 pm today, a heavy fire broke out at Shillong Market, Laitumkhrah and one person was injured.
The cleanliness drive is also part of the Locality Beautification and Enhancement Competition of the Meghalaya Tourism Department together with the District Administration.
According to the ejahar, the two men had sold fake challans for the transportation of coal from 12 to 16 November 2019 in South Garo Hills.
On the NPP leader's claim that the TMC leaders will soon leave the TMC, he said, “I don't want to respond to the statements of the parties in the state which have close ties with the BJP. and those who helped to bring the BJP into Meghalaya, and who will join who will leave them to look after their own party”.
I will miss you S.Raina.
During the meeting, the BJP West Jaintia Hills District congratulated the Deputy Commissioner and the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District for taking action and working hard to eradicate the entry of or the Coronavirus virus in our District, and also try their best to help the people who are suffering in all aspects at this time.
The union said that the company should get the approval from the villagers before implementing such large projects and also they have to call for a public hearing, where they have to express their land needs.
At the same time, the Society urges the government, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the Tourism Department and other government departments to provide assistance for the improvement of this tourist spot as the government is looking forward to it. to promote tourism in the state.
It was also a waste of their hard work, sleepless nights to prepare and study social science, said the students.
We must therefore understand that once anyone or any person is addicted to drugs, their happiness and sorrow is only in drugs.
The court has directed the police to search for those involved in running these factories without permission.
Agartala: At least 60 people have been injured in clashes between CPIM and BJP members in different parts of the state.
There is no doubt that the man was killed by the robbers, who bombed him from the head until he broke, then they threw away his clothes before throwing them in a plastic bag and and they went and threw them into the river.
The pastors also said that Kohli has made it clear that on the Ghar Wapsi, the BJP will believe in the Constitution of the country without any religious discrimination but all religions should respect each other.
Shillong: The HSPDP leader, Bah KP Pangniang, today said that in June 2021, the party will elect new office bearers, including the party leader.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, he said that the Minister said that he will look into the matter, but no promise has been made when to pay. this is the salary of the employees.
“We don't need a visiting Prime Minister.
He said that this is not an MDC scheme, but it is a contribution from his own plan to help the people of the area.
Do you know what you have learned from these expenditures? When you go to the villages, you don't see anything.
DSEOs should no longer ban female teachers who apply for maternity leave but should forward them to the Education Department.
He said that from the beginning he had intended to contest as an independent candidate, but because of the attention of the TMC leaders, he joined the TMC. “I will contest the MLA election as an independent candidate from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency,” said Samborlang.
By Bah Philip Marwein Shillong has been selected as a Smart City in June this year.
The most important thing is that action should be taken from all sides including the central government as they can go abroad as they have already signed many social agreements with the Bangladesh government”.
Dr Sangma said all revenue collection gates will be equipped with CCTVs to ensure that the collection of revenue will be adequate and will not escape.
The two suspects were identified as Kendar Nongbri, 50, and Edward Nongmin,
It was also observed that through the existence of Reach Shillong many of these children have been given the opportunity to be trained and the good behavior of these children has improved and now they are not like those children in the earlier years. ago.
Thang as long as you want.
The truck driven by Bah Running was carrying muid and the truck left Umthli village, Laitlyngkot to drop off the muid at the house of the owner of the muid.
Seven of the 25 injured were taken to Burdwan Medical College and Hospital where they were in critical condition, the police chief said.
Meanwhile, KSU Thadlaskein has donated rice and other food items to a shelter at Wahiajer village, West Jaintia Hills District on the 28th of this month.
Their fields were plundered, their houses were taken away, and the right of inheritance was taken away by those great authorities.
The wreath laying ceremony was also attended by the Superintendent of Police, Commandant of 4th MLP Bn, Deputy Commissioner, Additional SP, Circle Inspector IBI, SDPO, Officers Incharge of Nongstoin Police Station and school children. .
Of these, 28 schools are in the Under-17 Boys category and 26 are in the Under-14 Boys category.
Jasprit Bumrah finished 27th while Hardik Pandya finished 50th.
The song is composed by Longbir Terang, the music studio is Chingrum Studio and the song is produced by Holly Ram Timung.
After the discussion, the law enforcement officers allowed the village authorities and the women's organizations to sign the petition only a few members and the petition was filed with the The three liquor shops in the village have been sealed once again.
On the other hand, the drivers of the vehicles who were present at the scene said that the shooters were Punjabis and Biharis. ' they stated.
Programs under Fit India Campaign : Under the Fit India Program of SchemKhelo India, the fourth phase of Fit India School Week was launched on 15th November, 2022 to encourage schools across the country to teach healthy lifestyle among students through various sports activities and initiatives such as celebration of Annual Sports Day, child health care, promotion of Yoga and traditional programs and others others.
Kharshandi said that as part of the celebration of National Voters Day on the 25th of this month, the DC Jowai Office is preparing to hold various programs under the theme “Empowering Young and Future”. Voters".
The Brahma chickens, the biggest so far, weighed 5.5 kilos.
The awareness program was attended by teachers from various schools including Seiñraij Higher Secondary School, Jowai, Panaliar UPS SSA, Jowai, Panliar UPS SSA, Loompyrdi Iongpiah LPS, SSA and the elders, parents of the Seiñraij.
However, if we want to discuss this issue, it will be very useful in many ways especially for the elderly.
He said that at present there are still officials working in government departments such as the DC office who know about the issuance of certificates to the Scheduled Tribes but tomorrow, what will happen is that there are no Khasi brothers.
Amitabh Kant, Richa RashmiIndia is a country with densely populated cities where people live close to each other and have to stand close together when riding the metro and buses every day.
The Election Register shall provide information on the residents, voters, constituencies, polling stations, votes cast for each candidate, the number of returning officers and observers involved in the election. elections.
Education will start at the age of 3 years and this will bring uniformity across the country.
Therefore, the matter relating to the AMPT road will be heard again after six months.
It is surprising to hear that the buyers who are also the buyers of the goods, are the ones who set the price of the goods and not the farmers.
Delhi Police and Daniel took the girl back to Meghalaya House in New Delhi at 4 pm.
“They (people) understand that if (other political parties) are allowed to hold power, we will reach a point where we will never be able to rise again.
It is learned that these three men, without informing the owner of the ship, it is suspected that they were not able to board the ship properly and which caused the ship to collapse. that it may not turn into the river.
The group planned to carry out many attacks in northern India, including Delhi, on the orders of senior leaders of foreign militant groups.
“Have you been teaching long?" he persists.
The Malki Square where the rally was held was also surrounded by police from the beginning to the end of the rally. ) City Bah Vivek King, Bah NK King.
To provide healthy food and a clean environment for their children.
The Deputy CEM, Chairman of KHADC and Leader of Opposition receive T.1,22,300 per month.
At the same time, the union requests all those on the Government side to support the union's demands because as it is, the assistance of the Government is small and as workers they are facing many difficulties. to destroy their lives.
Only 18 student-athletes per school are allowed to register.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District have been blocked by the police while they were trying to disrupt the visit of the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to Rambrai, West. Khasi Hills District for the laying of the foundation stone for the announcement of the new Community and Rural Development Block for Rambrai.
The President of the Khasi Author Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait and the former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Bah Robertjun Kharjahrin, have tried to apply for tickets. However, the UDP has rejected the decision of the State Election Committee of the party.
UPS Mynken, JM Sun Head Teacher Umsning LPS Umsning and P Chettri Asst Teacher Nehru Memorial HSS Umsning. year.
The Seng Khasi Mawlai has urgently held a condolence meeting to announce the contribution of this Rangbah to the Seng.
Through this match, Selsella continue to score points and are also an unbeaten team but in all the last three matches this team has lost. you are right.
If they get to sit in power and hold the post of minister, then the selfishness of all the public schemes is excessive.
“He said that (L) Rowell Lyngdoh has been one of the leading leaders not only in the village, but for the district and the state as a whole,” said the Minister.
At the same time, the union also demanded that the CEM should reduce the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners as it is clear that the issuance of trading licenses by the KHADC to foreigners has increased. as time went by.
He said that the projects to be constructed by the Meghalaya government will total up to Rs 160 crore and these will also be for the purpose of beautifying Shillong.
Kim Kardashian model Ashton Gourkani has died of a sudden illness before undergoing surgery to make her closer to Kim.
You will receive thousands of crores.
Doesn't this speak to something that as a nation we are in ignorance and short-sighted.
Regarding the construction of a building by Assam, Bah Marcus Marten said that the party is very sorry to see these border crossings by Assam, because earlier the building was built by Assam. Assam has courageously come to build this building in Meghalaya, but now without knowing the location of the building, Assam has courageously come to build this building in this area. Assam.
The Party has decided not to participate in this meeting”.
Urban Affairs Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh said it is a great achievement that the government has won the case.
The Sirdar of Raid Madan Kyrdem, Bah.
He said that the police have conducted a thorough search according to the rules of law against these two persons and the vehicle they used.
FKJGP defeated Group A by 51-37 points and Raymond was named Man of the Match.
The President of the MPCC, Bah Vincent Pala, who is also MP from Shillong, has said that the Congress will win the MLA elections in Sohiong Constituency. The people have voted for the synroplang government in the state.
According to the survey from previous years, there are no more political parties standing firm in their constituencies across the state.
There are articles in Khasi, such as the decline in the value of knowledge in the country, knowledge of man, knowledge of God, and others.
l What is the Clean Note Policy? It is a policy adopted by the RBI to ensure the availability of safe notes for the public.
At present, officials from the DC office and NBCC have conducted a thorough survey of the land, expenses and losses before paying the money.
Sangma said the people of India should be informed about the freedom fighters, including those from the North East as well as those from the West of India.
The State has once again lost one of the former leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) Chiranjib Choudhri who passed away on Tuesday morning.
He said the government has sought ways and means regarding the salaries of SSA teachers and others.
“We had to stop before eating rynsun, now we have to use other musli musla in our food,” said Jyotika Devi.
Then I was made to drink tobacco like Biri, cigarettes and bhang and at the same time I went out without reading and I was very light at these times because we were alone.
After the inspection, Dr. Mukul in an interview with the media said that the special visit to the 100 bedded hospital and also to the CHC in Mawkyrwat was to see with his own eyes how much the work is done.
After the joining of former Salmanpara MLA Winnerson D Sangma in the past few days and the arrival of new members from East Jaintia, the party has become stronger and in the coming days. come we will witness more and more prominent names in politics.
Jesus does not ignore the past, but fulfills it by explaining the Law clearly for the salvation and hope of mankind.
He said the workshop will be held on the 15th of June.
Replying to the statement by the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma, who is the Minister of Education, that the issue of Reservation will be like a fire, the HYC leader said that when the Minister gives fire without and the fire shall go forth, and when it burneth he shall burn.
The UDP Youth Wings of Ranikor Circle has elected Bhabok Syiemlieh as President and Michael Johnson Myrthong as Secretary. Other members of the UDP Youths Wing.
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Umsning Dr Celestine Lyngdoh on Tuesday questioned whether the retired judges continue to be VVIPs in the state.
The social meeting was attended by Shambhu Singh, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs and Wang Tin Konyak, including P. Tikhak, co-convenors of the NSCN (R).
In the first half, Mupliang beat Mookaswan Dongwah SC 3-1. Within two minutes, Mupliang scored the first goal through Dering Phawa and Elijah Ryngkhlem ( 7).
At present, Bah FD Ramsiej, one of the state government officers who holds the post of Inspector of Agriculture of Bhoirymbong Circle, has resigned from the government post by entering the political arena through the He is currently the Working President of the UDP Umroi Circle.
In our country, fortunately, God still loves us, He still shows us signs through the forces of nature and if we continue to sin, God will never forgive us.
The winners of the marathon, quiz, essay writing and painting competitions were also awarded prizes.
“Because this allegation is against the Vice President of the BJP, even though the police have received evidence, can't they do anything else? “We have handed over to the police department to do whatever is necessary and we cannot say anything, as the investigation is ongoing,” he said.
However, when it was discussed at the meeting, all the villages witnessed that the Jarain lew belongs to Amwi Ar-Lyngdoh.
He said that this is the responsibility of the central government and the state government has nothing to do with it, but once they arrive in the country, the state government will do whatever is necessary.
This Act also stings the previous registrations of the Church, which have had to recognize the same registration twice,” said the statement.
:The new Khasi song, “Ieid O Baieid”, composed and written by Benjamin War, has been released on the 11th of June
When the King rules over the children of a thousand kingdoms.
“This will open up opportunities for those who want to manage and will help us to find the right people or groups to manage,” Naik said.
At present, the UDP has 4 MDCs in the opposition (except HS Shylla and Arbinus Lyngdoh), the HSPDP has 3 MDCs and the KHNAM has one (except HS Shylla and Arbinus Lyngdoh). The Congress has six MDCs and one MDC from Sohryngkham constituency is Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul was the chief guest on the opening day of the festival.
U Bah S.Wanñiang was the last independent candidate to campaign for the election.
We cannot say that in any of the jobs we do now we need to have those computers or scientific equipment that meet our needs in all areas, but when we turn back to education we see that even if we have begun to improve but we are still lacking in many areas.
Meghalaya didn't lose heart but with the determination to win they played well against Punjab and Sheen Sohktung scored the first goal of the second half. two for Meghalaya in the 90+1 minute when the ball went straight into the net.
On our part, we strongly support the good deeds of this young man because he is doing the right thing because to preach the gospel is in all places not only in the church or in the village.
He said the government has also decided to increase the salary of anganwadi workers from 3500 tyngka per month to 4500 tyngka per month while the salary of assistants will be 2250 tyngka per month. besides providing uniforms and equipment besides medicines.
The meeting came after Taxation Minister James PK Sangma informed the House on 13th November that the government has already issued three licenses to start the and the construction of casinos despite the Prime Minister's promise to stop and this action of the government is a deception to the people.
Regarding the contempt case against the Superintendent of Police, the court will announce it in another hearing to be held in June
Shillong, July 27: The fertilizer which became a hot topic of discussion ahead of the 2023 MLA elections has now reached the villages to be sold back to the farmers through distributors. The Ministry of Agriculture has also issued a License.
They held a meeting of the leaders, including the residents, in Shillong on the 12th of November, 1901 to consider getting a venue.
Shillong, March 11: Hundreds of people from near and far on Tuesday paid their condolences to the relatives, children and wife of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, Kong Indalin Lyngdoh Marshyllong. The remains of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa, a mountaineer who died in the collapse of Draupada Mountain in Dandi, Uttarakhand on the 4th of this month, have been laid to rest.
This amount will cover the previous four months which the teachers have not received and the remaining 10 months will be released only after receiving the amount from the Government of India.
“As soon as the water changes colour, no one dares to go down to wash clothes, bathe and drink water in this river because this change of color of the water can also cause skin diseases if we use it. “I don't know what to do,” said Syih, Rangbah Shnong of Chymplong.
Without mentioning the 'licence', only the shops of foreigners that the Sengbhalang visits from time to time around Shillong, have been found to be doing wrong even to renew. ) the license.
Others present were the Minister of Social Welfare, Ma Kyrmen Shylla.
JSU leaders and members led by President Lawyerson War, Shillong Circle President Treiborlang R Suchen and other members visited the EMRI employees at JN Stadium, Polo Ground Shillong. put time.
Earlier, Chief Secretary Donald P Wahlang said the purpose of the meeting was to get the views of the members on the implementation of development projects.
“Don't feel that you are the poorest but many are more poor than you. God sees and will send those who have mercy on you,” said Odicios Shullai.
During the hunger strike, Bah Ardent said that many of the party leaders came to support the party's demand.
This was found by the Accountant General's Office which is responsible for the expenditure of all government departments.
Dr Mukul also condemned the NPP which led the MDA government for its betrayal of the youth and their aspirations.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr. Mukul said that there is a need for six Medical Colleges in the state to meet the needs of the youth. students who want to study medicine but there is no place for them.
The Commission, which consists of six (6) members and one of whom is Larsing Khyriem MLA of Jaintia Hills, will investigate and report on this proposal and to take over the two parts of Jaintia Hills (Jowai Sub- Division at that time) that is, the Labang-Nongphyllut area, the Nongphyllut area, the Pangam-raliang area, the Raliang area, the Umlaphiah area, the Khanduli area, the Shiliangmyntang area. Block I and another area of ​​Nongtung-Khyrwang, Doloi Nartiang District which is now known as Block II. They have met many times to discuss this issue and there has been a heated discussion between them on the proposal to remove Block I and Block II from the Jowai Sub-Division and to merge them into the District. Mikir Hills (now Karbi-Anglong).
More than 75 children have taken part in this game.
They were immediately seized and handed over to the Police for further investigation.
But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;
“Meghalaya has been ruled by Delhi, not by the State Government and this is unacceptable.
Shillong: The West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority (WSA) will hold a 'Bike Rally' entitled 'Love the Law' 14th June 2020 to encourage the public to love the law and respect the traffic laws.
The reduction of staff has started since June
The number of cases has risen to 39,361 today and the number of cases has risen rapidly in the North East, including Kerala and Maharashtra.
When asked about the allegation that Shiningstar Khardewsaw was shot by the CI Nongstoin, he said that the pistol shooting of Shiningstar Khardewsaw is impossible and it is just a matter of time. In fact, at that time, there were about three or seven policemen and even if they reached the border by hand, they could still arrest him. the pistol.
At present, Adhoc Lower Primary teachers receive only T.12,000 per month, Upper Primary teachers receive T.16,000 per month, Secondary teachers receive T.20,000 per month and Higher Secondary teachers receive T.24,000 per month. ten months.
The second Chief Minister of the state, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, arrived at the meeting after a while but no one came to lead him and he was not seated in the meeting. Rowell was seen going to sit in the public seat.
Many people clapped their hands when they saw this donation and a memorable meeting was held between the Chief Minister and many who were willing to donate money to the donation fund. prime minister.
The party said that the honorable MP should protect the country and the nation first and not to build the railway.
Umesh Pal was shot dead by robbers who opened fire and threw bombs in front of his house in Sulem Sarai, a village under the jurisdiction of the village. Dhumanganj Police Station on 24th June.
Speech was also delivered by Kong Solbi Suting, PMAY-G beneficiary who expressed her gratitude to the government and all those who have taken part in the construction of the house which has been a gift. Christmas to my family.
Shillong, June 25: The State Government today approved the relocation of all 342 Harijan households from Them Metor to Revenue Land.
Shillong: U Bah Bindo M Lanong of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has been appointed as the MDC nominee for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). accepted the nomination of Bah Bindo yesterday as MDC shu sieh.
Sajid and Wajid became famous in the music industry through their 1998 film Pyaar Kiya Toh Darna Kya.
Nongstoiñ, July 13: Mawkhumkha village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is one of the oldest villages in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
The group led by Bah Michael N.Syiem urged the Shongknor to implement this Act to protect mothers and children from being abandoned by their parents.
Parihar said that last year, these sohpieng were stolen, after someone knew that they were very expensive, but the tree is still there.
The meeting was attended by all the senior officers including the Police, Health and other government departments.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said the government has already purchased 66,000 medicines for those aged 18 to 44 years. They will arrive in the state in three or four days.
However, as of now, the proposal to name the new district as Eastern West Khasi Hills District is only a proposal of the government without proper consideration. both of them that they should change the name.
Ricky Kamar, from Jowai, has resigned as Acting Spokesperson of RAM after only one month due to his heavy workload.
Then she woke up from her sleep.
Recently, the MYM under the leadership of Bah Shem Rynniaw, has met with the Deputy Commissioner to express the need for staff in the department.
Now, these 26,629 students will be preparing to study for other grades as usual from time to time and from one year to another.
Namely, But!!!! I don't want to look for other reasons or causes of evil, but as Families or Parents, let us try to teach our children in the Rympei of the Rympei, because it is Only in Rympei can we shape the rights of human beings or the morality of dignity which we can protect from many kinds of evil deeds in society.
The coal ban has severely affected the economy of the state in the past few months.
He said the Cabinet in 2008 had approved the amendment to the Inter-State Migrant Workmen Regulation Act, 1979 to empower employers to detain newcomers to the state and to curb their migration. who is a foreigner in this state.
“It is the duty of the district administration and the police to ensure that no illegal activities should be allowed to enter and should be tried to be eradicated,” he said.
The loss of land in Meghalaya has reached 20,000 square kilometers.
Thousands of police officers are here counted from head to toe.
When she does not respond, she should not be attacked by her parents or children, but she should be obedient and submissive as in that case.
After the discovery of the body of a young woman – Phibankyntiew Sunn on Tuesday, the village together with the relatives suspect that the body of a young man may be near the same place. and they went to look for him.
The incident was discovered by the residents on the morning of the second day of the month and they immediately informed the Rangbah Shnong of Seinduli. The villagers have lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station.
Meiraba will now prepare to face Denmark's Mads Christophersen, who defeated India's Kiran George 21-15, 13-21, 21-1
The source said that 42 Myanmar soldiers were handed over to their country at 1:00 pm on Tuesday, while one is still being held. He was injured and is undergoing treatment at Champhai District Hospital.
“We also have film stars as guests, including Bibhuti Bhushan Hazarika, Gayatri Sharma, Bibhash Sinha, Utkal Hazowari and Rubul Boro,” Kenny said.
Furthermore, it shows before India and the world that the Indian National Congress is alive and well even without the leadership of Gandhi or Nehru.
Why do you have the right to protest against the work of our Christians here in Meghalaya? Why don't you protest against Ganesh? They are the ones who don't explain the stad so if you want to leave the place, go and sit down.
After the meeting, the check was distributed to the producer groups.
In the summer they come, in the rainy season they come to see their own eyes and bodies.
Drishti Rajkhowa, 50, deputy commander-in-chief of the United Liberation Front of Asom (Independent), has committed suicide in South West Garo Hills, on the border with Myanmar. to Bangladesh.
In the final match which was played on Saturday at the Third Ground, Polo, Laitkor SC scored two goals in both halves of the match, with the first goal being scored by Laitkor SC. Laitkor SC opened the scoring in the 13th minute through Euvansius Mawtyhoh and Sondyfelix Kharkongor scored the second goal in the 76th minute.
On the other hand, the Director General of Police Dr LR Bishnoi, writing on Twitter, praised the ANTF Baghmara for their responsibility.
With this victory, Meghalaya Police have qualified for the knockout stages and are leading Group A with 15 points from three matches.
Only after the election of a new candidate, pride, which cannot be explained, will lead to the development of the country.
The Superintendent of Police, WJH said that the Nartiang PIC has received a complaint on 06.05.2014 regarding the murder of Prodic Nangbah by a gang of robbers. Chalbinal the Great, Chalbinal the Great and Belting Tyngkra.
The Managing Committee will give leave only to those teachers who come to take part in this Thomas Jones celebration.
On the same day, a Medical Check Up was also conducted for the disabled.
They have allowed and supported the people of Delhi to rule our country as they please.
Perhaps it is also because of the corruption of some in power within the Corporation.
Shillong, Naitung 23 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has so far received candidates from more than 35 constituencies besides three MLAs who have confirmed their candidacy for the upcoming MLA elections. to 2023.
"Before returning to Juventus, Pogba spent seven years with Manchester United.
Shillong, Lber 8: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC against anyone to illegally kill fish in the Umngi River. through Kenbah, Kenmynsaw, Phlangwanbroi, Mawrapat, Mawkasain, Kynrang, Mawpadai, Jyllep, Khiehriat, Pomblang, Laitumsaw, Dangar, Umsawrang, Photstein, Lalpani, Dangardop and neighboring rivers by using them to plant or detonate bombs.
The FKJGP demands the immediate appointment of these 40 women.
Other speakers on the occasion were Comfort Challam and Dakapaka Shullai, Link Workers of SURE. They have received about Rs 2.77 lakh for the construction of the new Integrated Block Complex.
When she was very young, the king married her.
The Pynthorumkhrah MLA stressed the need to listen to the voice of various groups especially those living in the border areas.
The pollen of the male flowers of the klong and pathaw is carried by insects such as fish and others on their legs.
He smote their fig trees and their fig trees, and brake the trees of their land" Psalm 105:28-3
On the other hand, the new Chairman of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, took the opportunity to congratulate Conrad K Sangma who came to witness the election of the Chairman of the District Council. .
If he is the honorable leader of our nation, he should immediately release those youths who have been arrested because they are like his own children. If your children are killed, what will you do?” said Ency W Shadap, president of the party.
The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) held a meeting on Saturday at Umshyrpi College to renew its office bearers for the 2022-24 term.
Agartala: There have been 17 new cases of coronavirus in Tripura today.
Sebastian Dhar (52'), Lalthakhuma Ngaite (66'), Living Stone Mannar (80') and Gladio Susngi (87') scored the four goals for Moosalyngkat.
Shillong, July 11: To ensure the safety and smooth operation of the Umiam Stage-I Dam, the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, today inspected the implementation of the Umiam Stage-I Dam. Improvement Project (DRIP) under the Damsite.
Other artists have created snaps that show the destruction of the environment due to the overpopulation of people around the world; and there are others who have violated the Khasi identity and understanding of the world.
Heimonlang-i Lyngdoh scored 50 runs off 19 balls.
At the same time, he said that Laitlyngkot has been serving the people of the area for about 20 years but it has only 10 beds while the need is very high these days and it needs to be improved. and to expand it by increasing the number of beds to
Meghalaya, although it has two MPs who support the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, no one has been given a seat in the cabinet.
The court will hear the case again in two weeks.
The Meghalaya High Court has decided to remove the teachers from the demands of these MDA leaders and to allow them to participate freely in politics as before. Their own interest should be given a little praise and gratitude.
“This is not the first time that the national spokesperson of AITC has made this unfounded allegation and it is because the state government has refused to listen and it is because the government has decided to appeal against the AITC. A case will be filed against Saket Gokhale on the 7th of this month,” said Prestone.
However, Qani did not clarify whether there were many or how many shooters were involved in the incident.
Four types of games were held on this day namely Spoon Race, Blasting Balloon, Musical Chair and Cock Fight. which was attended by boys and girls.
The SP of North Garo Hills, JFK Marak, said that the suspects were handed over to the NGH police this evening and are being held at Mendipathar PS for further investigation.
“Before 2013, the delimitation was done only by the Executive Committee but in 2013, the Governor has ordered that it should be done thoroughly so that there will be no corruption,” said Dy. CEM.Mawkyrwat, July 10: The Hima Langrin Syiemship under the leadership of the Acting Syiem, Bah BH Syiemiong on 09th July, 2023 held its first Hima Dorbar at the Hima Dorbar Hall. in Phlangdiloiñ Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
On the last day of the lehniam, a special lehniam was held which included the Iatan Bhang, – the union of two shakap trees between the people of the west and the people of the north-lane called the Phang. Wah and Phantom.
Speaking to reporters, LG Nongsiej expressed his special gratitude to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem who has listened to the request of the church through the MDCs to provide assistance for this synod meeting.
In another incident in Rngaiñ area on the Shillong-Pynursla road, vehicles collided with rocks and earth on Thursday evening.
Confession of sins to God and to God's people is God's Law which says – Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ” Galatians 6:2 .
“I am grateful that the Sieng Riti Institute Wahkhen has taught traditional music in this village.
Fr. Stephen Mavely, Vice-Chancellor of Assam Don Bosco University, said that the university has become one of the most prominent universities in the Northeast. The maximum scholarship will be Rs 4.60 lakh for one course and the minimum scholarship will be Rs 30,000 for boys and girls. sports quota from the Northeast States, where they will receive more than T.10 lakh.
“The difficulty is that if the court takes action, those vendors will face problems,” said Bah Ronie.
Shillong, Nailar 11: U Sanbor Shul, MLA/MDC today met with the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Pynshngain N Syiem. 7th November, 2015 and which he has been demanding since 2011, is to implement the KHADC Building Bye-Laws and to expedite the work, because the people now have MUDA has crossed the boundary to the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
He said that the arrival of these people in these areas is terrible because day and night their arrival is continuous and no one can count this.
The book was launched at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office with the support of the Piramal Foundation in collaboration with the NITI Aayog for the Development of Ri-Bhoi District. as an Aspirational District in the state and the aim of this program is to improve the education of children from class 1-5
The delegation was also accompanied by the leaders of the Awaken India Movement Meghalaya State Unit.
“The party has made it clear that we want the Governor to speak in English in the House but when it is understood that the Governor does not know how to speak, it is not easy to let him speak,” he said. said Mr. Ardent.
After the protest in Shillong in the past few days, these day laborers have expressed their gratitude to the state government for its initiative to pay the salary of up to thousand pieces of silver from which they received 1 thousand pieces of silver.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, today said that the state government has suspended all the contract teachers in primary schools across the state. start walking slowly.
The school was inaugurated on 26th November in the presence of Kenneth Anderson Iakai, Chairman of the school and all the members of the school.
The robbers stole Rs 18 crore from the Punjab National Bank in Ukhrul, Manipur on Friday.
Ashok Gehlot is a Congress leader and currently serves as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan.
Shillong, July 18: The Government of Meghalaya has selected Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, one of the prominent journalists of the state, to receive the Tirot Sing Award this year.
“MeECL is a robber of the people because they have to pay their bill light every month even if they don't get a bording map,” said Bah P Sylliang, an elderly man.
The reason why people live in this unrighteous way in life is that they don't have the rain of victory, they don't want to obey and break the law of God, but they start to rise, rise up the spirit of pride in me, that I may not perish any more on this earth.
Drink intoxicating liquors, drink pleasantly and be sad.
Floods caused by heavy rains have destroyed many houses, 3,455 thousand.
During the hearing, the High Court asked for the case diary, chargesheet along with photographs.
However, he didn't have anyone,” said Pawar.
Replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA, Bah Charles Pyngrope, the Minister said that the government is currently calling for an EOI regarding the proposal to provide mobile phones to the employees of the anganwadi centres. they can work better according to the demands of the job.
Those who wish to learn more can visit the website of www.mpsc.
At the time of writing, heavy rainfall and cold weather was reported in Jowai and other surrounding areas.
In another match, EGH scored 184 runs (all out) in 30.1 overs to bat first.
After the SoI has reviewed and approved the new boundary, it will be submitted to Parliament for approval and will also amend some of the new provisions of the North Eastern Region (Re-organization) Act and this after being approved by the legislatures of the two states.
Not far away, in the Langpih area of ​​the new Nongmynsaw Hima, which borders Kamrup Assam, Assam has used force, when it has forcibly invaded the Umwali area. There are villages and towns, that they shall not enter into this area, with the intention of taking possession of it.
Shillong, July 29: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has suggested to the Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to sit together to discuss the provisions of the Village Administration Bill. that they differ from each other.
The union also alleged that the arrest of the police is a groundless allegation and is merely a robbery and rape.
Police said that the investigation into the incident will be conducted after the man has recovered.
At the same time, the KSU said that this action of the government and the relevant authorities shows that they want the KSU and the people of the area to hold a protest so that it can understand about all these issues. .
The party said it has no right to challenge the demand for Garo Land of the Garo but said that the Garo have no right to expand outside their border.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) will once again hold the second Meghalaya Baby League in November.
The temperature in the city has dropped to 43.7 degrees Celsius, the highest temperature of the season in the city.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84827 out of which 83276 have recovered and 1484 have died.
Conrad said that there are many issues of the people of the North East which he is very concerned about and said that different political parties or groups or forums have the same goal. When it comes to the people of the country, although the path is different, because in the end, it is to protect our unique snap, our culture and what we are that distinguishes us from other nations besides to be proud of your own snap.
Apart from Gavit, who won and Baliram Sukur Jadhav of Bahujan Vikas Aaghadi, who came second with 489,536 votes, came third or lost votes from 10 others. The total number of votes cast was 29,374 votes, while 11 other candidates received less votes than the nota.
There is hope that the future of the family will be peaceful in the coming days.
He said that on this day, up to 30 farmers came out with a salary of 8,000 tyngka.
Replying to a Special Motion in the Legislative Assembly, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the creation of the Committee of three members does not mean that there should be only these three members. however, the Government will also welcome all input from all stakeholders and community leaders.
Singh said that recently the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar, admitted that the government had met with a group of Harijans living in the area, but from the On the other hand, he said that their last meeting with the state government was on 29th November last year.
On the other hand, Bah Khongkhlad said that if there are any problems regarding the truck drivers, he requested to inform the Truck Association so that they can resolve the shortcomings and delays.
The order came after four chief ministers appealed to the court against the demarcation between Assam and Meghalaya.
Yash, also known as Rocky, has signed the epic Ramayana, which has been in preparation for more than a year and could start shooting this year.
The same will be true for others who have received tokens to stay on the following dates.
KDA member Bah Benister Kharpor, one of the visually impaired, said that after 10 years, people with disabilities have been discriminated against. He said that this shows the far-sightedness of the leaders.
The complaint was lodged by a lawyer, Vishal Tiwari, who wanted the central government to clarify that it will pay compensation to those who died from the injection. do not give ja you for kobid.
On the other hand, the MDC from the Opposition also questioned how the CEM and EMs have failed to issue Trading License even though the Council has its own Enforcement Wing to work according to the directives of the EC. Defending the work of the EC, the CEM said that this step is to curb illegal trade without proper documents.
And those Hynniewtrep women who have married Dkhars (khaitpohjar) since 1971 should be sent back to their husbands' villages.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The KHNAM Youth Wing (KYWW) has expressed its deep concern over the lack of land for the land vendors which has forced them to sit along the roads. The union today lodged a petition with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Am pareen Lyngdoh to demand that the government should find land for the land vendors.
The Supreme Court today extended indefinitely the linking of Aadhar numbers with mobile phones or account numbers.
He is a Professor and Head of the Department of Construction Engineering at Jadavpur University, Kolkata.
The Shillong Press Club also sends its condolences to his wife and children, Godwin Warjri and Evansaralyne Warjri.
Shillong, June 16: The contest between PBM Basaiawmoit, Congress candidate, Vincent Pala, Congress candidate, Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP and Paul Lyngdoh, UDP candidate, has been contested. KSU Ranikor Circle has urged the Khasi community not to be afraid after the killing of two accused robbers in Kulang village.
“This month, I will allocate two more parking lots, which can accommodate up to 500 vehicles.
He also promised to follow up with the central government on the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
From the three arrested, police recovered 11.63 grams of stem powder wrapped in plastic and an empty soap bottle.
That is why it is important for us as soon as possible to have a solution so that this does not happen again in the future," he added.
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdohu was the chief guest while the CEM, KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Syiem was the chief guest.
Two more seats in the KHADC have become vacant after two EMs, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Process T Sawkmie, resigned from their posts.
Speaking on the ban on coal mining, he said that the NGT will lift the ban within 7 and 8 months if the people cooperate and if the party comes to power in the state.
He urged the government to provide food assistance to the youth who want to study filmmaking and also to provide subsidy to Khasi films.
The HITO said that on 10th July 2020, the Meghalaya Lokayukta had directed the CBI to investigate into the illegal coal trade, illegal stone trade and illegal quail trade. The state government has appealed against the decision to the Meghalaya High Court.
Malngiang said the department has signed two agreements with the Mawphlang Hima, one in 1978-79 and the second in 1999-2
In fact, the government has set a target to complete this road by June 2024 but it has faced many problems especially the government's inability to take over the land from the owners. some parts, the opposition of the villages and other reasons.
We cannot just listen and watch such activities because the expenditure comes from the pockets of the people who pay taxes to the government and not from the private money of anyone.
The EM of Trade, Bah Kharkongor, said that the issuance of Trading License will continue across the areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC including Laban. No one who has a Trading License will be recognized but should continue to play chess, as the law says that any foreign shop without a Trading License should be closed.
Shillong: Shri B.Chandra Sekhar CGMT, BSNL today informed the public that the BSNL office will be open to the public on Friday across India. This is the objective of BSNL to provide a better service to the people through Service With A Smile (SWAS).
Furthermore, on the need of the Khasi Pnar people to harvest rice and other crops in the fields, the meeting decided to direct the DCs to look into this. The regional committees of the two states will have to visit the area to investigate the situation.
He said that on Tuesday, members of the KSU, including those who were arrested from their homes by the police, went to turn to the Sohra Police Station. They went to the police station, why didn't they arrest him, because Ribok was searched at midnight from home, but when he went to the police station yesterday they didn't arrest him at all.
The NEBA&S 2022 Award was presented to Dr. Kyntiewkupar Nongsiej as one of the Top 10 Best Principals of India. to work with his contribution to the training in the field of education for the youth of the community or even elsewhere.
The union also requested the cooperation of Rangbah Shnongs and people who have the spirit to help the farmers who are subjected to illegal kilo cutting of all agricultural products.
On the other hand, the president of the 7 Shnong Circle said that the JNC is deeply concerned that the Umsuwai Bridge in the 7 Shnong Circle is a major source of traffic. of the region connecting all nine villages to the highway.
The protesters also sent three-part letters of demand to the Minister of Home Affairs.
The union will continue to cooperate and will not allow the company to do whatever it wants at this gate within the boundary of the village. “The company should take responsibility for the incident,” he added.
Shillong: The Assam Don Bosco University, one of the private universities in Assam which has received Grade 'A' accreditation from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council of India (NAAC), has announced the funding of for scholarships up to Rs 4.95 crore for the students who are still studying for the year 2022-2
RBYF members Balakmenlang Nongbri, President Umsning Circle, Henry Marngar, President Lum Umpih Unit and Wilford Lyngdoh, found the driver and follower of the truck. They arrested them and ordered them to eat more of the pylleng pyut and put it back inside the truck.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The residents of Dangar and Balat areas, have expressed their anger over the increasing fire in the area.
Speaking at the meeting held at the Lumshnong PHC, Santa Mary Shylla thanked the DMFT Committee for providing the x-ray machine and ultrasound machine to the Lumshnong PHC. She said that this is a history in the health department because PHCs don't get x rays, ultrasounds but only CHCs. PHC to CHC for the benefit of the people of the area as the government and the district authorities have also struggled to improve the health and education sectors.
The 6th of next month will be the day when the whole world will witness the accession of Charles III and in this regard, the heads of state of the world are invited to witness. .
Finally, we request everyone to understand that it is not right to post against us on social media.
On this day, parents have gone to accompany their children to the places where they have to go to write the examination. examination.
The Seng will not be allowed to do anything,” he said.
, Office and the closure of these offices is due to their disrespect for the Thomas Jones Day.
On the other hand, the SP of WKH, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that during the investigation, the suspect has confessed that he is a member of the GNLA. He was also a resident of the village where the GNLA had appointed him so that he could identify the traffickers in order to kidnap and send demand letters.
“Yes, the Community Hall is full of speakers who have been able to explain and give good examples,” replied the father.
Israeli troops will investigate the militants to determine their links to Hamas, the report said.
There is a need for a man who sees far and acts.
In Tura, Mr. PA Sangma of the NPP won with 2,9,301 votes out of 4,58,071 voters.
Hoarding: Slapudker-antor- means a page with a surrounding border for the purpose of disseminating antor to the public in the community.
The traffic jam has caused problems to the people, who walk and stand on the road and especially the ambulance vehicles, who cannot reach the hospitals on time.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah will arrive in Shillong to inaugurate the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
P Rohit scored 31 runs.
In the corner kick, the ball went near the post and Myrchiang, who got it on his foot, struck without scoring.
They also said that they will not accept the implementation of odd and even taxis as they cannot support their families as they can earn only three times a month.
And therefore there is a need for discussion in the Legislature.
He said that the union's opposition is on the grounds that since 2010, the intention of the central and state governments was to establish a university in Kyrdemkulai, but the It has not succeeded at all, because now it has been given back only by the College, which is against the agreement or promise after the allocation of 420 acres of land.
KSU Nartiang Circle on the 25th of this month led by General Secretary Chanbor War, Publicity Secretary Juhhi Tariang and others lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner regarding the deterioration of the road. which has caused trouble to the people.
On the other hand, the HFU led by Commander Shangpliang, President and General Secretary, has also lodged a complaint with the Syiem regarding the time of sale of farmers and traders.
More than 5000 supporters from the constituency attended the rally and supported his candidacy for the 2023 MLA election.
So Bah Let went in and sat down.
If anyone is wise enough to think carefully, he will find out why he does this.
The objective of setting up these PSA oxygen plants in government hospitals in district headquarters is to strengthen the health care facilities and ensure that every hospital can produce oxygen.
In addition, the High Court has suspended the hearing by another trial court so that it can consider whether the investigation has been conducted, whether it should be rejected or whether it is necessary to send an investigation. new.
The winners include Pinky Chan, Neha Hajong, Evan Rilin S Syiem, Sara Ana Kharbani and Fulnessy Mawlong.
“We are surprised to find that the Government authorities have said that they have received permission from Bah Wanshalan Dhar to erect the sign because the Government has already paid the compensation to Bah Wanshalan and his family. " said Mr. Myrchiang.
He said that usually there are only 40-50 thousand winners, but this is the first time in the state that there have been up to 1 crore winners in the first place.
The tails are much too long for its body.
Nongpoh, June 26: In preparation for the celebration of the 100th birth anniversary of Indira Gandhi, the Nongpoh Assembly Youth Congress (NAYC) today held a Art Mela Drawing and Painting Competition on the theme of Preservation of Environment and Wildlife at Marngar Lake, Ri Bhoi District.
Little can be said here that everyone should ask themselves about the prevalence of these crimes which have seriously affected the peace and order in the society of the state.
Chief Election Officer FR Kharkongor said the DEO of Jowai has sent a show-cause to the Hek based on the investigation sent by the sector officer and the police.
Besides, the KSU said that Khasi people from time to time are attacked and killed in the border areas by the Assam government and other groups.
The General Secretary of the Thabah Youth Association, Banteibor Thabah, said that the almanac of the Thabah Youth Association for the year 2024 will be released on the same day. Thabah that they came together on that day.
One EM seat has not been decided yet.
:NPP Leader James Sangma on November 8, 2013, said that as MP, Agatha Sangma has worked hard for the people of Lum Garo and the party. The struggle in the state has been going on.
The two MLAs will join the National People's Party (NPP) on Friday.
Shillong: A protest against the shooting of Agnes Kharshiing and Anita Sangma will be held tomorrow at 11 am at the Parking Lot of the Addl.Secretariat.
Condemning the district authorities for ordering to remove the poster containing the pictures of these children, Bah Banshai said that what the party has done is illegal and what they have done. This is after the photographs of these children have spread in the media and social media.
In the field of inspiration, even the Khasi Khanapateng has also followed this path.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Four political parties have attempted to burn the portraits of Defense Minister Amit Shah, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma. In front of the residence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, a heavy clash broke out with the police who were guarding the gate of the residence of Conrad K. Sangma at Polo, Shillong on Tuesday. Saturday.
Many Christians in Khasiland are foolish virgins – in wisdom, in understanding, in wanting to be kings in darkness, in darkness, in blindness, in foolishness, in ignorance, in ignorance. tasngeng...They feel that they are no longer in the world.
It was seen that the venue, which is planned to host the festival, is a beautiful venue and if the requirements can be met, it can become one of the venues that will attract the attention of the people. tourists from elsewhere.
Im slem HNLC.Various election media reports have shown that the BJP and the NDA can do well in the Lok Sabha elections in the North East this time.
Regarding the tree planting inside the Law Kyntang, the elders of the Kur Khymdeit, said that the tree planting is part of the preservation of the forests and especially in relation to the Law Kyntang. the Holy Law of the Kur.
The Minister said that special attention is also paid to the farmers, women and children of the state, whether it is in the establishment of Self Help Groups, or through music, employment. and sport, all of which have flourished in the state.
The residents of the area said that the village authority should have done something to curb the crimes that are rampant in this area.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the suspects.
These include bon, stem, sia, thylliej masi, stem, tyndong, rngaw/tyngab, lung/soh-ot, lbong hati, doh, snier masi, masi. trees, cows, goats, sheep-goats, sheep, cows, cows and milk.
Another decision taken by the committee on that day was to meet again in three months.
That's how he died.
" He waited a moment for an answer but the dead man did not say a word.
Up to 22 members of IRCS donated blood and the meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Mr. O. Laloo District Secretary IRCS-WJHD, Jowai.
The Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem IPS in a statement said that these vehicles were seized from 1st March to 5th March this month and a fine was imposed on them. Section 182-A4 of the Motor Vehicle Act.
Vehicle owners and especially the village officials of the 31 villages under the Satpator Elaka were also invited to attend the meeting.
You don't have to talk too much without knowing where you came from.
However, many of the leaders of West Khasi Hills have started turning to the BJP as it is also the ruling party in the country.
Nongstoiñ: U Vincent H Pala MP of the Lok Sabha on Tuesday said that the people should not misunderstand that coal has been released but according to Pala, coal is not available. shymla lait and the method of cleaning the house was completely banned.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor urged the people to have a spirit of love, unity and no discrimination.
The Consultant, Poshan Abhiyan, Bah G.Nengnong, in his opening remarks, said that in the month of November 2020, the state together with the country as a whole has taken the initiative to hold the The drive to find out information about the children in SAM & MAM and through this drive it was found that there are 16,327 children who are MAM and 1,788 children who are SAM. In 2021, the state has reached 95 percent, while the National Family Health Survey (NHFS) will start in October 2023 and East Jaintia Hills District is expected to take a major step forward. to 90 percent of the children will be able to attend the Aganwadi Centers and their health will be checked.
Shillong: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, today said that the state government is making arrangements to pay the outstanding salaries of SSA teachers before 31st October
Therefore, I urge you parakur ki parakha to be strong and steadfast in your own culture of the jaitbynriew to preserve the heritage for the future generations and also to follow the teachings of the Khasi by loving yourself and respecting yourself. others without judging the actions of others because anyone who does evil will bear his own punishment.
The District authorities have pumped water with only one pump and yesterday another motor was purchased by the District authorities and the village cost less than 2 lakh tyngka.
“So far, there are 11 BSF personnel, one of whom has been discharged from hospital, four are in quarantine, after they too have been discharged from hospital,” said UK Nayal. The BSF has 25 quarantine facilities in the state, where 1,561 personnel are quarantined and 1,033 personnel are still quarantined. diverse.
Years have passed, in many protests and demands.
Those who wish to register can register online on the Join Indian Army website at www.joinindian-army.
This was announced by the Executive Engineer of MePDCL Moowakhu in response to a complaint by the FKJGP Khliehriat Circle regarding the loss of a transformer in Khliehriat West village in Lumsiatthong village for two months now.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, Vijay Mantri, said that the incident occurred at 4:15 pm when the suspects opened fire on the other side of the Simsang River. one UALA member was wounded and carried off by his own comrades.
The tournament was concluded by Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning as the Chief Guest, Bah B. Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong Umkaduh, Bah Lambok Sylliang, President UYSC&CO and other dignitaries. old.
Markus M Thaiang August 12, 2021 When reading the story of the Hima of Syiem Sutnga, the Syiem who ruled the land of the Khat-ar Doloi, the elders said that this Hima was very powerful. The border of Sam and also the Hima is sufficient, whether in terms of food, agricultural land or in defense weapons such as Ramshadi, Khnam, Ryntih and so on. riewkieng waiting for you.
c The salary of the Helpers and the tuition fee because the Tiffins are included with the tuition and the government should deposit the tuition fee of at least 10/- per day into the Bank Accounts of the students. within the month of November of each year.
Customize:In the marriage of a Khasi Christian and a Khasi today, the father takes his child or children to church and the marriage ceremony is performed by the Father, Pastor or the Leader of the Khasi Seng. Khihlang, you are no longer a child.
What is needed is to be reconciled to God through His Son Jesus Christ before God takes away the Holy Spirit, for “My Spirit shall not strive with man for ever”, Genesis 5:3
From June, 2020-November, 2020, up to 877 newborns and 61 poor mothers died due to lack of health facilities.
The last time the band performed was in November 2013 in Rio de Janeiro.
The body of Sarat Singh was shifted to Kanchanpur Hospital for post-mortem.
“I am not an actor but an active DGP,” Jain told reporters after taking over as Chief of Police at the Police Headquarters today.
Shylla said that after taking over as CEM, he opened the documents and found that there was a letter from the state government which included the letter demanding ILP sent by the HYC. to all 3 District Councils.
When there is no job that can lead our youth for the better, what awaits them is drugs.
“With the help of Mairang Police and Ri Bhoi Police, we have arrested another person.
Three of the accused were identified as Por Talang, Promus Biam, Dahun Situng, Najir Mynso, Hamrit Timung and Binas Timung while two others were unidentified.
“After this, the son of Dr Donkupar Roy, Balajied Kupar Synrem gave the last speech and the police gave a gunsalute.
Speaking to media, Bah Ardent said that the emergence of the VPP is after all the parties have stopped pushing for the foundation on which they were formed.
Speeches were also delivered by Kharbihkhiew and Ruben Najiar and the meeting was conducted by the President of Narpuh Circle, Kwilness Suchiang.
hu.
Bah Ronie said that these places which the government has prepared, will be implemented after the selection of the eligible beneficiaries.
Anthony Nongbri, a close friend of UDP Working President Bindo M Lanong, contested the 2014 MDC election from the UDP but was defeated by the incumbent MDC of Laitumkhrah. Neil Antonio War won more than 200 votes from the Congress party.
Therefore, it is necessary to provide clarification on these issues as children under the age of 18 need protection and care from the Child Need of Care and Protection, children in violation of the law. Because if you don't say that if young children do anything wrong, it's not wrong, but in the law there won't be such a thing.
At least 71 people were killed and more than 180 injured.
Although David said the party has not yet discussed with anyone, it has been learned that the party may nominate Bilykid Sangma who is the BJP candidate in the last elections if the BJP wins. will not contest this election.
According to Dholai, the Amco Gas plant has been built in Bangladesh for a long time in Chatak.
Narayan Rane condemned the incident and apologized to the deputy engineer.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem urged the youth to continue to work hard in their higher education even if they go to continue in any place with dignity and respect to become knowledgeable and knowledgeable youth. know God to avoid evil deeds and temptations of all kinds so that they can become bright stars in their lives and reach their goal as they wish.
In the first match, Umtyra SC and Lad-Dongwah ended without a goal.
“The government doesn't understand even this because if you look at the proceedings, the Prime Minister said that the government says it will issue mining leases in fact the government cannot issue leases because of the right. He said that the Supreme Court has issued an order in 2019 to lift the ban on coal mining by the NGT in the state. 'Why hasn't the government allowed the legal mining of coal?'
He urged the residents and any groups not to criticize too much without knowing the truth and not to judge blindly but let the law do what is necessary.
On the other hand, the Wildlife Department of Assam conducted a raid after receiving a tip that some youths were smuggling elephant tusks. She also arrested 2 Khasi youths and seized 6 kilos of bñiat hati containing about 9 pieces of bread.
“The Government of India since 2016, through an Office Memorandum-dum, has decided to abolish the Personal Interview when applying for Government posts in Groups B, C and D and in the same vein, the 23 The States of India have taken the same step on the basis and need to eliminate illegal recruitment, recruitment through Ministerial recognition, recruitment through money laundering, so that young people will not be deprived of their rights," the union said in a statement.
Nongpoh, November 06: To provide training and income development to farmers through agriculture, the Ri Lajong Farmer Produce Organization (RIPA) in collaboration with the College of Agricultural Sciences, Umïam On Saturday, they held a training program on Tyrso cultivation where farmers can plant Tyrso in the fields. This training program was held at Umklai Village. Many farmers and scientists from Umïam came to give training on how to plant Tyrso in the rice fields.
Regarding the dismissal of these two employees, the RBYF said that it has met several times with Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, who is also in charge of the MUDA. At this meeting, the union requested the Minister to reinstate these two MUDA employees who have been dismissed in the past months.
The Benami Act is a law to prevent businesses in the name of others to hide their assets and avoid paying taxes to the Government.
Hopefully we will see far and understand this vision for the good of us as citizens of the state.
These 10 commitments are well connected roads, water supply to every household, uninterrupted electricity supply throughout the State, internet supply to all villages, housing for all deserving, provision of all facilities for Children right from the womb, to bring about quality education, health for all, sports grounds in all sports and buildings that will be needed to promote culture and youth.
Those who have passed in 2019 from class 10 onwards.
“If the KHADC does the same as the JHADC, the VAB has already been approved by the Governor,” he said.
During the meeting, the opinions were received from the exporters, Rangbah Shnongs and also from the leaders of the Seng. , thereby deciding to suspend the shipment of ore until effective safety measures are in place.
Dr Sakhar said the project also includes a Treatment Plant to separate water and solid waste and this solid waste will be cleaned and processed by machines to become agricultural fertilizer.
What future do you want? To go out with the children is not afraid of getting dirty or dirty clothes.
In this regard, the Committee has decided to introduce the Financial Reform to streamline the financial affairs of the Council, without going through the Financial Reform. different departments.
The selection of the teams will be held on 10th November 2013 and clubs interested in participating are kindly requested to call 9856158626/9615601029/9862639556 for more information.
He also expressed concern over the implementation of the rules related to the weight of vehicles.
Because if they have taken the medicine by mistake or if they don't know the name of the medicine, they should have asked her about the purchase of the medicine or to tell her that it is an abortion medicine.
Therefore, it is a terrible mistake of the Selection Committee which has given hope to the youth,” said Bah Mawthoh.
On the other hand, the KHADC can also take steps to initiate discussions and take the best from those discussions.
“If we have many missions to improve income, whether in agriculture, health and so on, we also need to introduce a mission to reduce poverty. of drugs.
You know they have been claiming since 1972 to get 40 percent of them,” said Bah AS Mawlong, one of the soldiers to fight for Rilum.
The things that the Word of God has spoken have happened, are happening and will happen.
Does he know the facts?” Mukul asked. “This is a special meeting in Delhi.
In another incident, on 19th June, troops from Muktapur, East Khasi Hills District, conducted a surprise patrol in the forests of Amjalong village under PS-Dawki, West Jaintia Hills District. 30-40 cows were seized while being unloaded from the truck and loaded into a bolero pick up. The soldiers fled and left the vehicles. On the same night, 22 cows were seized. cows and 9 people in Amlarem in collaboration with the local police said that the traders often cheat in order to smuggle cows but the failure of the army to patrol has been able to get. camp them.
The Mawlai Syllaikariah Dorbar Shnong has earlier decided to boycott the MP election due to the failure of the authorities to repair the village road which has been abandoned for two years.
Thousands of Chinese troops carrying red flags were in a stadium on the Hong Kong border today, according to eyewitnesses.
With this victory, Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
The party has estimated that 11,972 votes (53.72%) were in favor of ILP and 9,325 (41.84%) against ILP. The KSU has also taken note of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem MLA from Mawsynram, who received 6923 votes (30.33%). The NCP supporting ILP received 1737 votes (7.61%), the UDP 6414 votes (28.10%), the NPP 3131 votes (13.72%) and the HSPDP 141 votes (0.62%). Mawsynram, who stood in the middle, received 4479 votes (19.62%).
Shillong, March 2: The office of the Veterinary Department in Nongstoin (WKH) has been set on fire by unidentified robbers at around 11 pm this evening.
Several journalists on Tuesday visited Sohdadek village in Umnongrim area to see for themselves the incident.
Police have registered a case under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act.
He said that Dr Mukul's statement is surprising especially when West Bengal has 42 seats while Meghalaya has only two parliamentary seats.
About 35 patients were discharged after receiving treatments.
At the meeting, the 12 parties suggested to the CEM that there should be close cooperation between the District Council, the state government and the Mylliem Hima on this issue.
The man, identified as John Dimmig, 33, was arrested by police after he shot and threatened a friend of his wife's wife. u because of the close relationship between them.
It is learned that after the bridge has been cleared, they will clean it again with dewbilat or they can clean it again with dewbilat and at that time no vehicles will be allowed to pass through this bridge.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Secretary and the National Vice President, Prestone Tynsong, State. NPP President and General Secretary Jied Kurbah and Aibor Tynsong, MDCs Bajop Pyngrope and Grace Kharpuri is also a candidate from Shella constituency among others.
Because of the distance and forest, the Syiem of Nongwah appointed a Sirdar to look after the village of Manar.
The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit said that the allegation by the Chief Minister of Assam and the police against the Mukroh residents is misleading.
Besides Phervision Nongtdu, Nehemaya Tyngkan was also present as the chief guest.
Also present at the meeting was the Sordar of Smit, Bah Kynsai M Syiem.
The Palestinian rebels also turned against Israel with their own weapons.
They said that they don't sell bad meat, but they cut and sell good meat to eat and if they sell bad meat, death will come earlier to the sellers than to the buyers. .
Confirming the reply, the Minister said that the price given by him is true in relation to the price of electricity.
Speaking to Rupang, u Bah Pangniang, who is one of the victims of the election, said that the Governor of Meghalaya, Bah Pynshngain, has appointed Bah Pynshngain as MLA/MDC. He said that since the beginning of the introduction of the Bill, he has strongly opposed it in the Legislative Assembly but the Congress-led government has passed it. it did not listen to the opinions of the opposition MLAs.
The keys were also handed over to the first four buyers including three from Meghalaya and one from Nagaland.
The main objective of this project is to develop these old industries with the aim of increasing the market and income generation.
However, this did not affect the game of the team, in which Anju Tamang scored the first goal of the team to take the lead 2-0 goal in the 24th minute.
The SPu said that the public should cooperate with the police in such incidents.
Banshai said he had met with the Chief Secretary of the State Government, Y. Tsering, IAS and also with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, IAS. to express and demand the same opinion for a thorough investigation into this matter so that it will bring clarity to all the people.
These issues highlight the importance of timely implementation of the Policy to ensure that the reforms of the admission process go smoothly for prospective students who wish to continue their studies.
He advised the filmmakers and directors that from now on they should no longer take old films to renew them. new.
The cause of death was ARDS and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, the General Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, said that the reason why the FKJGP has decided to talk about the contract in Many contractors in Ribhoi have joined the union to protest against this unclean allocation of work.
Former Indian Premier League (IPL) chairman Lalit Modi has been banned by the Indian government for cheating in the Premier League. This has led him to flee to London since
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, HSPDP leaders said that their chief leader was not present but almost all the members of the CEC were present.
According to the complaint, the residents received information that Ami Tariang was appointed acting Waheh Shnong on August 27 after he asked for keys from the villagers to use the PA System.
“Right now I am stronger, more intelligent, more knowledgeable and more qualified than all these leaders today and maybe it is a lack of knowledge or a lack of understanding of what they are doing. I'm sorry," he said.
It is worth mentioning that along with the state, all the schools in South West Khasi Hills District have also held public marches against the use of tobacco with the signature campaigns as a sign of solidarity in the celebration of the World No Tobacco Day 2023 (WNTD '23) Campaign which started on 22nd June, 2023 in the state.
The Special Judge (POCSO) on the 16th of this month has issued an order to arrest and fine Pynchemlangki Bareh under Section 4 of the POCSO Act and Section 506 IPC. The Union (KSU) Iooksi Unit on Tuesday distributed rice, dai and food oil to 36 households in Iooksi Iapkhla and Umdienglieng Iooksi B. In the presence of Waheh Chnong of Umdienglieng, Stableson Syiem, Secretary of KSU Umdienglieng, Sainia Sutnga and Secretary of KSU Kamjuhhi. Tap.
Hundreds of TMC supporters joined the NPP to support Stevie Marak, Subir Marak, Sanjay A. Sangma and Ian Botham. K Branch.
“If Delhi allows me to become Prime Minister, I am ready,” he added.
ROME: Italy beat Turkey 3-1 in the opening match of Euro 2020 in the presence of Italian spectators.
She said that Yoga is not only that, but it is also beneficial in terms of physical exercises, breathing, using the muscles and after that comes 'Dhayan' and Yoga Nidra' is what you see.
On the other hand, the District authorities have also distributed tarpaulins to cover the houses damaged by the cold.
Prestone Tynsong said that the NPP has strong and capable leaders to lead the state and it is for this reason that the NPP is getting stronger and stronger. mih that day.
Currently, there are 2,192 infected cows undergoing treatment.
The clashes between India and China near Pangong in Ladakh continue today, India Today reported.
In another incident on the 31st, robbers detonated a petrol bomb at the house of Smt.
Shillong: The Primary School Teachers Association (APSTA) will celebrate the 173rd death anniversary of U (L) Thomas Jones I, known as the “Father of the Khasi Alphabet”.
Nagaland Health Minister US Pangnyu Phom made the announcement on Twitter this morning.
Speaking to Rupang, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that there have been those who have applied for tickets from the HSPDP to contest from Mylliem constituency, but the party will continue to talk. good tomorrow and according to his speech it is understood that the party can nominate a candidate.
According to Dr Don, the government has given the reason that not allowing Indian networks on the border is for the sake of national security.
What is that money and who should receive it? It is unfair and unfair if only in some villages and only a few ASHAs receive additional funds, while others do not.
Such freedom can change many things in today's world.
One of the train passengers, said he was surprised when he couldn't sleep, when the bodies of about 10-15 people fell into the place where he was sleeping. 10 to 15 people on my body.
Therefore, it is necessary to amend the Act 1986 to include the word 'Equitable' which means that it is up to the parents to give whom, how much.
The question is, if you have been involved with the state government for 5 years, you see clearly that Meghalaya is full of corruption, so that is why the people want change and The Trinamool Congress is not here now.
Donlang Sohkhlet, Vice-Chairman, KSU was the chief guest, Bobby L Nongbet, District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi as the symbud guest, Ferdinal Khamkamni, President KSU. -NKHD, President, HNYF Northern Region, Sumarlang Swer, Coach, Rida Lyndem, Manager of the group, EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong, LC Nongsiej, Head Master Saiden Secondary School, teachers, children school, parents and other adults.
“Since 2015, more funds have been allocated to NEIGRIHMS to build a medical college, increase the number of MBBS seats and strengthen the nursing college.
Kishon Kharsahnoh, Jameris Suting as Chairman, Rison Talang as Vice Chairman, Foster Kharsahnoh as Secretary, Phristar Suting as Assistant Secretary and Teibor Suting as Treasurer.
Shillong: It is a great pride for the Khasi people and the state as a whole that a Khasi woman has been able to write and publish a book in Hindi.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ardent said that he is still strong after two days of fasting.
Zurich, July 7: Russia may lose the World Cup in 2018 and Qatar in 2022; If it is found that there has been any wrongdoing or fraud in the selection of these countries to host the World Cup.
He said that the child had informed the office in Shillong that she wanted to return to the village and the office had not been able to provide the necessary facilities for her to leave. Agnes Kharshiing, who has lodged a complaint with the police.
These people just to survive, they don't want to have to suffer to travel around the villages just to survive.
Peritos Pariat took five wickets for Evergreen.
Amazing made this revelation after he danced with a Nongstoiñ actress known on YouTube as Moi while her real name is Daphilin Mary Lyngdoh Nonglait who came to support the film 'Khohwah Nongsor' ' on the opening day at Bijou Cinema on July 30,
After this game, there was no improvement or decline in the two teams, although Lajong are now only 10 points behind Nangkiew who are in third place with 5 points.
It cannot be said that besides Jews, Arab Christians and other Christians who lived in the first centuries contributed greatly to the development of society in the Middle East.
“The SMAC holds regular meetings with the support of the Subsidiary Intelligence Bureau,” said Kong Warjri in reply to a question by NPP MLA James K Sangma in the House on Thursday. .
The union leader said that the meeting was fruitful, as both the officers listened and took responsibility for the incident. to inspect these posts together with the leaders of the party.
However, the Congress MLAs, especially those from Laitumkhrah, Mawlai, have started calling for ILP again, after they set their mouths in 2013, when Mukul Sangma broke the ILP. IPSWe know and hear that the owners of buses, jeeps, taxis, look for drivers who are old and know how to drive, who are not drunk and who have a license, in order to neither shall the vehicle go out at night, neither shall it disturb the passengers, nor shall the vehicles last long.
“It should strengthen the music, the music and the musical instruments in the countryside so that they don't disappear one day.
This is to make the public aware that they should link their Adhaar Card and phone number with their Ration Card.
HM Shangpliang, Congress MLA, who is also the spokesperson of the MPCC, gave an example, where Ma S Laloo, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Jowai, was arrested by the brother of a government minister. he did not give his name) and was subsequently dismissed for disobeying the orders of the minister's brother.
This has affected the traffic of many people especially those who intend to go to school or work.
If from the beginning of this fight it started with the tyllai, remember friends we will not be surprised that on the 2nd of October the tyllai and patlun will be terrible and the price will be high.
Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who lost the Congress ticket, said this in an interview with Rupang on Tuesday. the election.
The shop is owned by Faiz Khan and is located on the road near Umpling Bridge.
Fr.Stephen Lamin, Parish Priest of Nongjri Parish, said that in the past, when they went to Riangdo for their needs, they doubtful whether they will arrive because the cars stop only halfway.
After about half an hour, he left the synagogue to go to the woman's house.
Therefore, together let us continue to build an inclusive, prosperous state where the youth will be the pride of change and the light of hope. inspiration and transformation.
It is learned that at that time the MMSA had threatened to strike but after being explained they withdrew and thus the allocation of a certain percentage for specialists was made.
It is learned that there is little Congress contest in Lum Khasi-Jaintia but there is a strong contest in Lum Garo.
The shop was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, Meghalaya Government, RB Lyngwa, District Sericulture Officer, relatives and others. old.
Walinda, 19, is studying at the School of Design at Mody University in Lakshmangarh, Sikar, Rajasthan.
She also promised to ensure that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and also to make the Khasi and Garo languages ​​a Qualifying Language, along with English and Hindi. to the recruitment of jobs in the offices of the Central Government in the State.
This is a very important issue as it has affected the unemployed youth in this area.
The Group A match between India and Pakistan will be played on July 21 in the second match of the opening day of the tournament after Kuwait plays Nepal in the first round. the games in this tournament.
“SSA teachers have been fighting with the Government for five months,” said Bah Rymbai, “We have been fighting with the Government for five months. claim the right.
Shillong, Naitung 14: Perhaps many other schools have not complied with the government's guidelines to provide daily meals to the students, according to the Mid Day Meal scheme.
He said that Rijiju has mentioned that the state government needs to assist KAS for this purpose and to do better to promote the Khasi language. Rijiju said the government should allocate funds for KAS in its implementation and should also allocate funds for schools and colleges and should also provide cooperation in its implementation. to demand the Khasi language.
There is a story about a hunting dog and a man, that while the dog had strong teeth, he was still respectful.
Regarding which party the BJP will cooperate with to form a government after the 2nd, Sanbor said the party leaders will discuss with which political parties are willing to cooperate for the formation of the government. the coalition government within the state.
The mind, however, is as broad as the sohmyndur and as bright as the thwei ba ngiew which have no pita to measure, for in this word the whole mind of mankind is covered, and then we spiar ourselves. to all the terms of relation, in temporal life or in spiritual life, which hope is not only for the present but extends to eternity, secured by faith: which the natural eye the flesh can see only a glimpse, while the spiritual eye rejoices when it sees it.
Therefore, we will investigate the reasons as soon as the Budget Session ends so that we can do well in the upcoming elections”.
To provide training to the unemployed so that they can stand on their own feet. Activities to work with people living with AIDS and alcoholics1
At this meeting, it was unanimously decided to gather the Samla Rangbah, Rangbah who are the children of the Hima Sohra on this issue, said a statement from Bah M.Bynnud (8794347469) and U Mr. W Nonglight (9863272277).
Speaking to media, Bah RB Shadap President of Ri Bhoi Dorbar said that the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit has been in existence for 33 years and it is the right time to upgrade it to Civil. Sub Division as demanded by the Ri Bhoi Dorbar for many decades and even the land has been allocated by Patharkhmah Village since 1998 for the construction of the offices of the Civil Sub Division.
The JSU demands the opening of an additional building of the Ganesh Das Hospital to reduce the overcrowding of the hospital, to provide ventilators in the PICU which has only one bed for six beds.
“We have informed the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Health and he has promised to support and express his regret over what happened.
Let us take responsibility and accept Jesus' command that it is our duty to feed the hungry and support the lost.
When inquired, the elders said that the change of color of the trees is due to the smoke from the factories, because on the other side of the Umtrew River opposite the village there are only different factories. They said that as of now, it has not affected the trees, because they are as usual but the color has changed when you look at them.
Tyngnger Village is located about 86 kilometers northwest of Shillong on the Shillong-LAWBAH road.
Amlarem: U William Sungoh of Shangpung village, Amlarem, has donated 50 quintals of rice to those who are suffering from unemployment. I'm going to work during this time of lockdown.
Police have seized 1,420 kilograms of heroin from the truck which the robbers were planning to smuggle to Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh from Agartala. , Tripura through Karimganj, Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkhrang, on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has violated the order by holding a meeting beyond the stipulated time and also by marching at the funeral home of the former CEM. KHADC Bah Adelbert Nongrum until the police had to show force.
Shillong, Nailar, 16: Most Revd.Dr.P.Lyngdoh, President of the SAFF, has extended his Independence Day greetings to all the citizens of the State and India as a whole.
After receiving a tip that Shahlang Police Station was demanding money from Songsak, SWAT police were sent to the scene.
Rameswar Teli – Minister of State in the Ministry of Food Processing Industries22.
However, the Speaker of the House, Jagdeep Dhankar, conducted a counting of votes in favor of the Bill and 23 votes against.
The Barak Valley is one of the areas in Assam which has been severely affected by the floods due to heavy rains, which has also affected the road connecting Meghalaya and the Barak Valley. , due to the collapse and cut off of the road in Sonapur and surrounding villages.
He also promised that he will continue to cooperate within the party because in politics as a person he is still new and at the same time he requested that he will continue to work as leaders. “Or the old office bearers within the UDP should be the right hand and the left hand to show the way because those who are not there know better the way how to run the work,” said Bah. Spending.
Prestone said the government intends to honor the contribution of other missionaries by deciding to name the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra after Thomas Jones. he is the father of the Khasi alphabet.
There are many young people who are still able to study and spend time in their studies while they are still in class but I have been able to reap the fruits of happiness even in the midst of the struggle.
He also promised to talk to the Meghalaya government to bring back Block-1 to Meghalaya.
In the third and fourth times, Nehemiah (450 BC) and Ezra (400-350 BC) also faced trials and defeats.
Shillong: The FKJGP on Tuesday received information that there was a government ambulance carrying Punjabis from Guwahati to Shillong. at 11:30 am this Friday morning.
Sainkupar said that in 2003, when his father was ill, the police harassed his family members by searching for Sainkupar Nongtraw.
He said that not only the employees of MeECL, but the teachers of SSA have not received their salaries for more than four months, the employees of other corporations have not received their salaries. government and it is something of a matter of concern to see the cult management of the government.
The two unions, on receiving information that the Government has started the Border Fencing, have immediately suspended and expelled these employees of the Company. confirm the correct Pud Sam and do not set the Zero Point.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Catholic Association, Shillong, Bah Barnabas Nongbah, said that prayers have been held for those who lost their lives in these bomb blasts. people are not.
Ïewduh SC beat Nongrim Hills 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament organized by UUP SC Pynursla.
Shillong: The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (ASF) today announced that the African Swine Flu (ASF) is a serious disease in the country. pigs and which can kill these animals, from the disease.
This was revealed at the General Meeting of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee, which was held today at Congress Bhavan Nongstoin. They also approved the approval of all the office bearers of the Congress party to be the candidates of the party for the MLA and MDC elections. also show the sign of approval by shaking hands.
Up to 27 constituencies attended the meeting.
Although Nongkrem scored three goals in the first half, they showed a beautiful performance and a spirit of competition with the expectation that they will be able to score again. Nongkrem FC didn't manage to turn the tide despite having several chances to score.
The District Magistrate in an order has banned the movement of these three families from 22nd noon to 6 pm on 26th July. 2020 to complete contact tracing for the benefit of the public and to prevent the spread of COVID-1
When asked about his stand against his son, Bah Rocky said he has nothing against Bah AL Hek, but he came out to contest this election to bring more. You have grown up in your constituency.
Cannyson Kharnaior scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 40th minute while Blanangshngain Khongsdam scored the second goal in the 68th minute.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the Mawsynram C&RD Block (KSMC&RDB) said that although in a short period of time for unavoidable reasons, the KSMC&RDB was not allowed to meet with the Chief Minister. Conrad Sangma at the meeting but they had the opportunity to submit a petition in the middle of the road as the Sengbhalang groups made it clear that their demand to upgrade the C&RD Block Mawsynram to Civil Sub Division is not just for for the Sengbhalang or to do politics but this is the reason and demand of the people.
The Chief Executive Officer, Tura Municipal Board, Tura has informed the public that during the closure of the market for the celebration of the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of the Diocese of Tura on the 2nd, Noah, where the markets will be closed every Saturday.
Forty-one karate players from the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association will take part in the India Open International Karate Championship 2023 to be held in New Delhi.
The song was composed by Donbok Marngar and produced by JINGSHAI KA LAWEI. The song was taught by Ibansuk Lyngdoh and sung by Briding Syiemlieh and Ibantisha Khardewsaw.
He said that according to the Constitution, all the Hima Syiems in the north have disappeared because they have joined the Instrument of Merger (IOM) while the Khasi Hima have not received the IOM and have only signed the Instrument of Merger (IOM). Speaking on the 6th Scheduled Amendment to strengthen the community, Patricia Mukhim criticized the district council for not being able to do its job as assigned to it.
Shillong, Lber, 30: Shilla Bishnab, a student of Class IX of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Mawphlang, will be one of the students from Meghalaya to take part in the discussion with the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi in the fourth phase of the Pariksha Pe Charcha to be held on June 1,
The hearing will be held on 15th July 2019 to lift the ban on coal mining.
Teilang is a full member of the JSM.
Nongpoh: The Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Agustin Nongrum, has decided to introduce the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Baridua Village to the people of Baridua Village. The residents of the village have opposed and rejected the proposal of the Syiem of Raid Marwet to inform the residents.
He also urged the residents to inform the Deputy Commissioners if there is any excessive price increase and they will do whatever is necessary to ensure that there will be no excessive price increase.
Nikhil Dkhar of 7 Wasa Utd won the Man of the Match award.
However, it is not common here that the Police have nameplates.
Cameron returned to Number 10 with his wife after meeting the Queen of England on Buckingham Street, where he confirmed his party's victory in the election. the 2015 elections.
According to Ampareen, the leadership was elected by the majority of the people and those who are protesting against Dr Mukul Sangma are only a few.
Jowai, November 30: Members of the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) from all over Jaintia Hills today marched together with songs to the rally. The rally started from Mihmyntdu Square and passed through the Mission Compound, Iongpiah, Dulong, Panaliar and down to the Syntu Ksiar River.
Regarding this incident, the leaders of the RBYF Mawsyntai Circle, led by Bah Neverlyne Nongphlang, have gone to Dr.M.Mawrie, DMHO Ri Bhoi District for clarification. He said that he has no information about the incident of the RBYF.
This house belongs to Thisla Shylla.
The Meghalaya government has decided to ban the entry of people into Meghalaya after a man who returned from Guwahati on July 24 tested positive for the corona virus. '.
I am talking about all these things I have seen in the villages of East Khasi Hills, East and West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: Angela Ryngad, who is opposed to the Second Amendment Bill of the KHADC, said that the Khasi Social Culture Bill (KHADC) has been opposed to the Khasi Social Culture Bill. and Lineage Bill 2018, she said that the bill of KHADC will not become law at all and will not get the approval of the Governor.
The purpose of the Council's Monolith Festival is to promote music, dance, music, food and drink, homemade items such as clay and others, and not only that, but there may be many kinds of exhibitions on that day.
The JD(U) has spread to almost all the states of the country and has also met with other political parties for the purpose of working together to get power in the country. Shillong, Naitung 14: Police have conducted a search operation to rescue the driver of a private vehicle who was abducted by armed men in The road to Dalu is Tura in West Garo Hills.
Saying that the government has information on the production and smuggling of rnga, the Minister said that there are laws and regulations in place and these laws and regulations along with others control the production, collection, sale, purchase and transportation of rnga.
Shillong: The price of sohsaw has dropped suddenly to T.2 and T.Sh. The price of sohsaw has dropped to T.2 and T. .3 per kilogram.
He said that India will be divided once again if there is no unity now to prevent the influx of Bangladeshis into the country.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 28: The Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat, has issued a public announcement that due to the polling on the 2nd October, 2023, the road from Lad will be closed. Sakwang to Jakrem and also from Jakrem to Lad Sakwang and the traffic routes are as follows: No entry from Lad Sakwang to the DC office where vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat and those intending to go to Jakrem You have to pass through the Lad Sakwang through the Pyndensakwang-Sakwang Road to Jakrem.
It is worth mentioning that part of the roof of the Purno Sangma Stadium which was opened on 16th November 2022 collapsed on 22nd July 2023 due to heavy rain.
The court also sentenced the suspect to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of T.50,000 for violating Section 6 of the POCSO Act and Section 506 of the POCSO Act. IPC. Besides, the court has also sentenced the suspect to simple imprisonment for another 1 year and a fine of T.1000/-.
Shillong: Three political parties, the JYF-CB, the JSU-CB and the MPUF-CB, have expressed their deep concern over the demand for jobs. the ILP from time to time, but it has not been implemented yet, and in this regard; The three organizations have held a meeting at the JYF office today to discuss this issue and decided to give their full support to other organizations who have been fighting for this issue. On the other hand, these organizations have also decided to strengthen the protest in the state as a whole, especially in Jaintia Hills.
At the same time, the Vice President, KSU Narpuh, expressed its concern over the lack of security forces at the Umtyra Infiltration Check Point, which is located in Umtyra village. These Bangladeshi Dkhars who smuggled into the district, because those who smuggled from the Kuliang forests don't have to go through the Infiltration from Ratacherra and have to go through the Infiltration from Umtyra Check Point. The union urges the check points to check any suspected foreigners from Bangladesh who have smuggled into India and busted in East Jaintia Hills District.
In the Dkhar country, there are about 12 hundred or more lur.
“We strongly oppose the appointment of non-Garo in the area reserved only for Garo and the order issued DUA(U)E29/2015/242 should be suspended. Dated Shillong, June 24, 2023, said Bernita R Marak, Secretary of the union and lawyer, in a letter sent to the Director of Urban Affairs, Bah E.Kharmalki.
“That's why I want us to talk about it”.
It is also prohibited to gather more than four people in the same place or to carry any weapons.
Various Deputy Commissioners have been directed to look into the condition of the area for the reopening of schools.
On the other hand, the EJNC has expressed its regret to see that this river has turned red during the rainy season.
Many of the T.2000 notes were released before October 2017 and have reached the end of their 4-5 years.
He said that it is sad to see that during the inspection, when asked about the Labor License and Trading License, these foreigners did not He said that they don't have anything but these Khasi women have come forward to protect the foreigners and they have admitted that they have not protected or protected those foreigners.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The Sordar of Umtngam Birsiek, Bah AH Shadap in the presence of the elders has confirmed the newly born village of Umtngam Birsiek, Dong Lum Mawtha.
If only the Christians in this state voted, only the believers who went to church every Sunday, there would be a lot of change.
Marak, CI South and ABSI A. Chief of Ranikor Police Station.
Members of the AIFF executive committee said that the women's athletes have expressed their desire for Dennerby to return and continue until the end of the second round of the Olympic qualifiers.
This was announced in a statement by the Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA).
Wow! When they came back to Shillong, they told me that I had said that and that I had done that.
In this regard, Henry's lawyers have sent a legal notice against Dr. Sangma for the mistake in his speech, as his allegation has spread abroad. affecting Henry’s career, reputation, as well as his family.
The EM said that the District Council has also decided to write to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to immediately suspend the work. the letter was received on 20/11/2
At the same time, he has invited applications for the year 2022, according to the following guidelines: FPS Dealer and SK Oil Retailer should apply for which ye shall proclaim in your cities.
Mumbai City FC, who won the Indian Super League title this year, will play in the AFC Champions League for the second time.
Silbi Passah was the chief guest in the presence of the President of the Khasi College, Bah Banteilang S.Rumnong and the Principal of the Seng Khasi College, Bah WB Rynjah.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, SC Sadhu on 30th June will hold a meeting with the Shillong Cantonment Board (SMB) to discuss the issue of illegal residents in Lum Survey, Shillong.
Rev.S Siangshai in his speech urged the residents to take care of any benefits that come through the government for the benefit in the future.
Shillong: Two civil society organizations, the AJHSWO and the Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU), have received complaints from license applicants regarding the and traffic signs/road signals (Mandatory) installed by the department as signboards in English words that they cannot understand and also that are difficult for them to catch. During the interview, according to them, most of the applicants are from the rural areas, even if the department has set Class Viii above to apply, even if they have already passed the driving test, they don't. pass in the interview, two or three times it takes them 17 or 18 days in the same job.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister said, “According to these three posts, three posts will be created and one will be created to be a shirt to be supervised by the office of the Chief Inspector. of Boilers & Factories”.
“We will arrest those who commit Benami but the work will start after the expiry of the deadline set by the central government, ie October 31, 2017,” Mahanta said.
Also present at the meeting were Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Chief Whip, MLA, Kennedy Khryiem, MLA, Teilinia Thangkhiew, Chairperson of KHADC. Bah HM Shangpliang, Director of Social Welfare and others.
“He said that the youth need to go outside the State and should also return to their own State to provide services.
Witting admitted that the HSPDP leaders in KHADC have informed the party authorities about the issue through phone but no written information has been received. leaves.
Speaking on the occasion, the son of the woman said that the story from her husband to him (Kñi) about what happened is completely different from what he told the police. .
After the mid-term MDC elections, he said he would go to Delhi to meet BJP leaders and the meeting could also be with Union Defense Minister Rajnath Singh.
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday alleged that Mizoram police used light machine guns (LMG) to shoot at Assam police in a clash. boundary of the two States.
"Now justice has been done and this terrorist is dead," said Biden, who has just recovered from COVID-1
Taiwan's Defense Ministry says 21 Chinese warplanes entered Taiwan's airspace on January 2,
Nongpoh: The RBYF Western Zone, on Tuesday urged the people of Patharkhmah area, not to look down on the health workers and especially those who have tested positive for COVId-1 Patharkhmah CHC has tested positive for COVID-19, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
It is learned that he called her outside saying that there were still new slippers coming and with a clean heart she entered the stock slipper shop and he entered and touched her body. my phad.
The school was established by the Church of God in
All of us are aware of the changing environment these days.
She also encouraged the farmers who were present on this day to work together among themselves in order to improve the production of agricultural products and also to use the support they have received through the government in the field of agriculture and planting.
Swimming : Ka Pdiangsuklang Syngwan and Banpynshngainlang Syngwan, who were also the two young swimmers who represented the State in the National Games held in Goa last year, have won the title. The two swimmers won the title of Best Swimmer.
This is a new political party, but it cannot be taken stingy because its leaders are well experienced in the political field in the state.
At the same time, we demand that the Minister in charge of the electricity department should resign due to his inability to look after this issue.
However, their chat didn't end there.
“If they cannot apologize, the party will not sit idly by,” he said, adding that the allegation is also baseless.
" “Also during the search of vehicles at Kanubari check gate by FST, SST and police, vehicles of our party were searched including the vehicle of the president. and the General Secretary of the party and the President's support team.
“At present, we don't know who is involved because when we ask the complainants, they say they don't know.
“We regret to inform you that there has been no condemnation from the Meghalaya government, the Prime Minister and others to condemn this bomb blast so far.
Noting that the Congress has not supported the BJP's proposal, Pala recalled that he had been a member of the Public Grievances Committee in the past. One Nation, One Election.
In this regard, the union demands that MePDCL should pay and provide the treatment fee and other expenses for the treatment of this child from the beginning until he leaves the hospital.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has decided to send back training to the officers in charge of various departments including police officers at a cost of T.15 lakh each.
The Sports Committee is pleased and proud of this young man who has brought fame and glory to the District and the State.
North East Shower Blind Football Club (NESBFC) beat NESBFC 1-0 on penalties in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at Shillong Public School Ground on Saturday.
Thomas said that the border demarcation is not the responsibility of the state government, but only Parliament.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Meghalaya Cycling Association, Bah Lening Bareh, said that the association will charge a fee of T.300 for the participants.
When I grew up, I started to search, The real reason I wanted to know, Why young men and women, They are slow to serve God.
In October 2017, the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India, appointed Mary Kom along with Akhil Kumar as National Observers for Boxing.
According to information received by Rupang, the shortage of medicines which was first found at the NRHM Central Warehousing in Lawmali and suddenly at Shillong Civil Hospital, has surprised many people especially those who used to go there. Shillong Civil Hospital has received no medicine and has to buy medicine.
“The residents of Mawsynram village have been crying and lynñiar due to the shortage of water which has affected them so much that they have to take their own plate to the river to clean.
John said that in the past, the election of the Lyngdoh was held by counting the number of people and this caused a stir. After this, it was decided that the election of the Lyngdoh should be held by only those who remain within the Kingdom.
He said that the draft of the Bill which is still a law is not yet known as the BJP-led Government has a plan to bring it to Parliament.
The word Zechariah – means to be reminded by Jehovah, the Almighty God.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck the two countries on Tuesday, while people were sleeping in the middle of the night.
He understands how relieving it is when God calls the heart of the household (mother).
On the other hand, the KSU Jowai would like to thank the police department, the inspectors of the madam siat khnam, the office of the DMHO and all those who have given their cooperation through them. KSU Jowai Unit hopes that the time will come when it will be able to help and develop talented youth in the field of sports, said Nidapoi Shadap Publicity Secretary KSU Jowai Unit.
The Sohra MLA said this because many people who have just come to the city from the rural areas, have forgotten to identify themselves from their village and have forgotten to speak in their own language.
He said that the memorandum clearly states and prohibits the appointment of Adhoc, Officiating and Temporary and others in government offices.
However, it is sad to know that the poor people in different villages under the Nongpoh Town Committee and those who are also homeless people are waiting for these shelters. These houses have not been completed until today, even after many years of building these houses.
The lawyer said that nothing can be done yet as it is only the government's intention to pass it into law but if the bill becomes law it can be challenged in court.
It is worth mentioning that during the fishing competition held at Pamphyrnai West Khasi Hills, it brought the sad news, that due to the stoppage of the vehicle and not reaching the hospital on time. , a poor mother had to give birth to her baby inside a car and shortly afterwards the baby died.
However, later on, after the discussion that only the Presidents and Secretaries of the Primary Units were elected, many of the leaders agreed and entered the room where the election was to be held. claim.
Women also have the same voting rights.
Shillong, July 26: A group of dancers under the banner of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) have threatened that if the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma does not call for talks with them before the elections, they will not refuse to take to the streets. .
GOI (NE), Meghalaya Tourism & Sportive at Mawlynnong, East Khasi Hills.
In this match, PFR were able to score and play well from the start of the match.
Tapir Gao, Member of Parliament from Arunachal Pradesh, today said that a youth named Miram Taron has been abducted by the People's Liberation Army (PLA) from parts of the country. The incident occurred at Lungta Jor in Siyungla on Tuesday.
These include 77 cases from East Khasi Hills, 45 cases from West Khasi Hills, 697 cases from Ri-Bhoi, 30 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 79 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 14 cases from South West Garo Hills.
Mr. Lalbiakthanga Khiangte, IGP (Hqrs.
The total number of cases has risen to 66 and 45 have recovered.
This writing of Bah Monarch Shabong to say that the demographic characteristics of the patient should be disclosed is impossible.
When she complained about her happiness, he also struck her a little to stir up her body, until her legs were free, she said.
A total of 19 bodies have been recovered since Tuesday, 12 from the Shiva Temple at Summer Hill, three from Fagli and two from Krishnanagar, he said. He added that about 10 people are still trapped in the collapse of the Shiva Temple, which collapsed on Tuesday.
“The proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule is pending with Parliament and these committees will discuss it.
Shillong, July 8: The ANVC-B, which has been in the midst of peace talks with the government, has decided to return to the forest after the destruction of the armed group. ktem hide myself.
He said that these GNLA informants were very slow to talk until the traders told them everything about their movements and the end result was their abduction.
PK Dubey, IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier, in his first meeting with reporters on Saturday since he assumed office as the new IG, said that the signboard was erected according to the the 150 yards is practiced throughout the frontier country.
Members of COHSO shouted slogans of protest and raised banners against the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: After being strongly criticized by the political parties in the state, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has given three reasons to prove that the Indian government has not Meghalaya has no plans to mine uranium.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Before the 23rd, the dorbar of Shella Village, there was a strong opposition to the dorbar and a complaint has reached the ears of the EM of the Elaka that Police and Magistrates in the presence of Bah Ronnie Wahlang, ADC. However, despite the opposition, the Dorbar proceeded smoothly. said Bah B.Ora, Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, while talking to reporters.
Among the prominent leaders who have joined the NPP are Plielad Tiewsoh, former President of the Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC) and many of his followers.
“For this reason, we have tried to streamline the rules to ensure that the appointment is completed in a fair, transparent and prompt manner,” he said.
From traffic jams and parking for hours, cleaning of garbage, provision of public restrooms, public toilets, public transport to health, safety and security їeng and so on.
Speaking on the radio today, Modi said that today, there is a village in the North East and this will be a memorable day in the development of the country. of the whole country.
The Jan ki Baat estimates that the BJP will get between 29 and 40 seats, while the Congress will get 0 to 16 seats and the Left 9 to
The College is overcrowded every year because it has to admit too many students who cannot get a place in other institutions especially those who score low marks and those who do not have the opportunity to attend institutions. not run by private individuals or by religious organizations that accept only those who have high marks and can afford to pay.
Shillong, November 20: The BSF led by PK Dubey IG, Meghalaya Frontier on Tuesday returned from a four-day meeting held from 15th to 18th November. this month in Sylhet, Bangladesh.
“After the passage of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill 2020 (by the State Legislative Assembly), the Governor has discussed this matter thoroughly with the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
If the government of Conrad Sangma makes a wrong decision here, it will lose all its lives and it will be difficult to recover later.
Shillong, November 23: The Khasi Department, NEHU, Shillong on Tuesday held a one-day information seminar at the Science Seminar Hall, North Eastern University, Shillong on the topic “The Study of the Language , Literature and Culture according to different organizations"
Referring to the phing phlang, this work was completed in 6 days under the leadership of the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongbri.
“We will implement the tied grant scheme under solid waste management where the first phase is the release of garbage trucks, the second phase is the cleaning of the market and the fourth phase is the awareness campaign. on the cleanliness of the market,” said Bah Pynïaid.
Today, the news, which reads “19 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, are civilians”, has 541 shares from the website of urupang.com and then there are more. 46,166 people read the news and 4,062 liked, shared or commented on the news on Facebook.
The campaign encourages the residents to fly the tricolor flag in their homes.
We should not want the land of Assam, and at the same time, we should not allow our land to go to Assam.
In 2009, UIDAI appointed two committees, one Demographic Standards Committee (DSC) to advise on what information to collect from people during the Aadhaar process. and the Biometrics Committee to oversee the collection of fingerprints.
He said that when the Ganol Hydro Power Project is completed, the electricity bill will be T.4.54 per unit.
When asked whether the new mining technique will now prevent the illegal mining and smuggling of coal, he said that the law has everything, but this cannot stop people from doing these things. long beer.
"Rida continued to say, "Then again ...?" Niakha asked again, “Then I didn't eat anything that night and I was forbidden to leave because I didn't understand the time...” Rida said. Niakha said, “Yes Niakha... I'm just stealing because I need to leave college immediately... I won't stay long, I'll have to leave like this. "Yes, my son, drink first," said Niakha, "I'll send you to drink first. When you've finished drinking, I'll leave. syndon to leave there.
“Kharlukhi is a close friend of the Mawhati MLA and he has been arrested for his involvement in the case,” said the SP (Crimes) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem. sun.
Hek urged the people to come forward and take advantage of this scheme.
“This morning I have spoken to the President of BJP Meghalaya who is on his way to Delhi to take the list to the leaders for approval,” he said.
“We have come to meet and inform the DC that the Dorbar Shnong is taking responsibility for what happened that night and we strongly condemn such acts,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Bah Andrew A. Speaking to media after the meeting with the DC, Jyrwa said that the Dorbar Shnong, after holding an emergency meeting on Thursday last month, has taken measures. to prevent such incidents because the village does not want such incidents to happen inside the village because it shows the unpleasant image of the village as a whole.
“The MP election is a more complex issue which we need to discuss in detail and the Executive Committee has not yet taken any decision and is still putting this issue on hold,” said Bah James.
After his arrest, the police today took him to court, and the court has authorized the police to question him for three days.
“Our State will celebrate its 50th anniversary, but our situation has not changed yet.
The order will come into force immediately and was issued as a measure to prevent the spread of the disease to many pigs and the reason is still unknown.
“If the MBOSE does not cancel the announcement, the KHADC will hold mass protests,” said Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
That is why God forbids the love of wealth or greed, for what good is it? Man comes empty-handed and goes empty-handed from the earth without taking anything from the earth.
The purpose of the training is for the Khasi youth living in Mawlai and also in other Khapsor areas and to join hands with other Khapshñiuh organizations, if they are in other areas.
Regarding the debt of private hospitals to the government, Rupang has learned that Nazareth Hospital still owes about T.20 lakh to the government revenue department. dep pay the sick.
On the occasion, the BM and MP of Tura, Purno A Sangma, strongly condemned the kidnappers but at the same time said that such kidnappings happen in the constituency of Dr. Mukul Sangma. , chief minister of the state.
Teilinia declined to comment on whether she will contest again from the HSPDP in the upcoming elections, but it was learned that she has received an offer from the PDF to contest in the upcoming elections. This is the MDC election.
PW Muktieh, President of Ri Bhoi District, said that the appointment of temporary office bearers of the Block Congress.
Since then, the BJP has not been able to return to power in Delhi.
Foreigners, when they see that Khasi men treat women with contempt, they too start doing the same.
The man was identified as Mesut Hancer and he was sitting alone in the area where everyone had died from his house and only the hand of his son was still alive. and thus he could not let go of her hand and he could not accept that he had lost his beloved son.
“We cannot just listen to these corrupt practices because if we listen, it means that we are allowing them to do bad things,” she said.
Surely I had two you again? The Missionary asked, “I don't think you're looking for a husband because you're too busy,” the scientist replied.
Furthermore, the Chief Minister said that there has been no communication or letter from the Central Government to the State regarding the uranium mining.
But the weather didn't give up.
The deadline for registration was 28th June, which has been extended to 5th October.
The same company reportedly owns other buildings in Indiana and Germany.
How many thousand votes do you have?
In the past decades, the Congress party has won the world to deceive the people of Meghalaya since the independence of the state, and now it is the turn of the BJP to stir up and stir up the people of Meghalaya. the leaders and people of the states across India, until the ethnic parties have been completely destroyed, besides the division of ethnic parties.
Nangbah Mulang and Khimusniang have shared 10 points each in the Super Division Football Tournament (Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023), after a 1-1 draw at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Village.
Shillong, Naitung 28: “The High Court has asked us how to issue license to foreigners when they cannot provide the necessary documents according to the law”, said the Executive Member (EM) of Khasi Hills. The KHADC has been in charge of the trade department.
“If the Government listens to the voices of the authorities, it means that the voice of the people of Bri u Hynniewtree has been silenced and to revive it we will take strong measures,” said the statement.
With this victory, Shallang Block has qualified for the semi final.
It is also suspected that the woman was raped.
The KJP Girls Higher Secondary School, which was built in 1892, has collapsed on Sunday morning due to the blaze.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Poultry Farmers Traders Association (AJPFTA) on Tuesday held a meeting with the participation of farmers and traders from all over the villages of East and West Jaintia Hills. district.
On the last day, a Chief Ministers Conclave was held with the participation of the Chief Ministers of the North East including Biplab Kumar Deb, Chief Minister of Tripura, Pema Khandu. Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Union Ministers including Rameshwar Teli, State In-charge Ministry of Food Processing, Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Food Processing State Youth Affairs and Sports and BS Pant, Minister of Tourism, Civil Aviation and Commerce and Industry, Sikkim.
I see that the MPSC has re-advertised 35 posts of Meghalaya Civil Service (MCS) by prospecting the roster and deleting the old advertisement. vacancies for Garo and only 11 for Khasi-Jaintia,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum in a statement.
The Dorbar Shnong has informed the police who have taken the body to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
New Delhi, June 27: The death toll from an earthquake in Nepal has risen to more than 4,000, while thousands of others have been seriously injured.
Many of the poor and those who cannot afford to go to private hospitals or pharmacies are disappointed because they say that no one cares for them or listens to them. they.
Regarding the border outposts which the state government has planned to set up in nine places, the Nongkrem MLA wanted to clarify regarding Block II – where the location is not yet known. He asked whether the acquisition of the land would be delayed and take time.
This comes after Efty Utd beat Friends Utd in the first semifinal on Monday, while Lion beat Moodymmai in the second semifinal on Tuesday.
“We were carrying the goods (ki muid) of the owner to Mawshun farm not because we wanted to smuggle them to Bangladesh, but when we reached this place on the way to the cow farm we met an army truck. but at that moment I heard the sudden sound of gunfire and immediately I saw my brother lyngkien ka. blood,” said Bah Ribarskhem.
He said that according to the 6th Schedule, it is clear that the Governor of the State should elect one member to lead the District Council. , shall elect a member by resolution of the House and shall submit its recommendations to the Governor of the State as stated in rule 6, Sub rule 1,2; members shall be elected by the people, while one shall be members elected by the Lat. consider the name of the MDC, through its dorbar, if necessary.
“The relevant authorities should investigate whether they are really citizens of Meghalaya or not but I am sure that 100 percent of them are not citizens of Meghalaya,” he said.
Shillong: Congress party spokesperson Zenith Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government is using the MeECL department only for its own benefit and on this occasion the national parties support the government. that they receive their share from the government.
He also congratulated the PHE department for delivering water to every household through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme and wished that the department has set a target of can provide water to all the households.
Shillong: The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) 1-Nartiang Constituency on 5th July, 2024 has held an audition for the 1st 1-Nartiang Constituency Miss, Mr. & Mrs. Contest. The Final Football Match of the 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023-2024 will be held on the 23rd July 2024 at Wahiajer.
The new members were sworn in by the former President of the party, Bah Gilbert Dkhar.
Mawkyrwat, June 12: Photjaud-Rangthong Sports Club today beat Mawkyrwat Sports Association 1-0 in the final of the Second Division of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Football Committee of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) at Artificial Turf Stadium, Mawkyrwat.
Nongpoh, June 17: Dr DD Lapang, former MLA of Nongpoh, Meghalaya Government, Dr DD Lapang, former MLA of Nongpoh, Meghalaya, has inaugurated the Northern Ri-Bhoi College. Nongpoh MLA Bah Mayral Born Syiem has met with the management of the college for the purpose of developing the college to be a blessing to the students in the area.
After many speeches by various speakers at the public meeting, Bah Ardent announced that he will hold a public meeting at Mawsynram on the 25th of this month, 27th at Umroi to discuss the He said that in Shillong he will hold a public meeting on the 28th of November and the venue will be announced later. Shillong, Naitung 21: U Bah SD Khongwir Chairman of the Mawlai Town Dorbar on Tuesday said that A group of Rangbah Shnongs has met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Barkos Warjri who is also the Chairman of MeECL. Those areas which are still under the jurisdiction of the District Council must obtain permission from MUDA (Building Permit) for the installation of electricity in their homes.
“But many Asians are athletes, but they don't have enough food.
“I have written this book for the college students especially those studying in the Sixth Semester of the course set by NEHU. The book explains how the overcrowding of Seng Riewlum has undermined the rule of law in the state due to the lack of coalition governments.
Some species are also more lodged than others.
The SSA Stadium has not been completed yet, including the training grounds, flood lights and others.
They are not finished, but man is finished.
Other programs included the awarding of prizes to the winners of various competitions held as part of the celebration of Environment Day, the awarding of Dorbar Shnongs, NGOs. to clean up the rivers, to maintain cleanliness and environmental protection, to award the Meghalaya Excellence Award on environmental protection and others.
Public money has been spent on fighting cases in the High Court and Supreme Court.
" asked Lydia.
This means that, in order to achieve Equality, there must be a difference between those who are already equal and those who are not equal.
After this, when the meeting ended, the CEM said, “How can you enter my office without an appointment?”
Also to the village of Padu, VDP padu bah, who have helped and participated with us to help in the needs of these days, we would also like to thank all the departments of Seng Khasi-seinraij who took part and performed dances, songs Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum Until we have completed this Lympung.
And our statement and continued statement shows that until now we are still following the path of error and being misled, not the truth or our right to self-determination as a nation that has not been taken back.
The deceased were identified as Bah Kumarlang Marbaniang of Umket and Bah Marbudkini Pakynteiñ of Wahiajer.
He praised the initiative of the MLAs of South West Khasi Hills and Mawsynram to bring this important issue to the Legislative Assembly.
The Government of India is taking a major step towards realizing Mizoram's dream by bringing railway lines to Sairang near Aizawl5) Empowering tourism development: The B20 Conference of the G2 Presidency in Aizawl has played a major role in the development of tourism in small states like Mizoram.
It also raises the question of how inflation and unemployment are rising excessively in the country.
Lamphrang Kyndait scored 15' and Jumonki Phawa 23'
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh recalled that Kiang Nangbah did not come from the streets but was a riewmadan whom God had appointed as a leader.
Speaking to media, Bah Ronnie said that he lost in 2018 by 450 votes and a year later in the MDC election he won again by more than 2000 votes. vote is a sign that the people have realized they have been misled on this issue.
Police have seized 40 boxes of soap containing heroin worth T.3.6 crore and 9.031 kilograms of heroin from these suspects. Two Night Super buses were arrested to smuggle drugs from Silchar, Assam to Guwahati, police said.
Regarding the FIR filed by JA Lyngdoh, the BJP leaders said they have handed over to the Legal Cell of the party to proceed and go to the police station to discuss the matter.
He said that in the coming months there will be many other competition programs that the village will compete in, so he invited and urged all the children of the village to take part.
Lami Designing & Tailoring Institute located in Moomon, Mihmyntdu is a training center for young people to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet.
Bah Bull took the initiative to protest with a protest that lasted for years until the Nepalis had to flee from the Khasi villages.
The SRT has strongly opposed the KHADC's refusal to grant syrnot to the children of Khasi who give their jait to their father because according to the Khasi custom, the jait ka khong is taken from the mother. not from the father.
If the teachers fail to pass the selection test, it will be a problem for the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) to conduct the examination.
He served as Bishop of Dibrugarh for 11 years and as Archbishop of Guwahati for 20 years.
Vishlux scored 17 runs while Rathore scored 12 runs.
Meghalaya players: Henry Ford Nongneng, Maxderidoff Wahlang, Hardy Cliff Nongbri, Dawanplielad Myrchiang, Wilbert Donboklang Marbaniang, Saveme Tariang, Santi Janai Shianglong, Figo Syndai, Sambor Oneel Kharsahnoh, Stephanson Pale, Carneng Tariyangmame, Nongbri Raikutshisha Buam, Eveningstar Bareh, Atlanson Kharmaw, Frolicson Dkhar, Manbhakupar Iawphniaw, Kynsaibor Lhuid, Gladdy Nelson KharbuliSupport staff: Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet (coach), Dious Lapasam (assistant coach), Mayoustar Warbah (manager), Greater D Lapasam).
The author gives the example of the Jewish nation, saying that they were slaves for 40 years in Egypt, 70 years in Babylon and 1878 years scattered throughout the world, but they were never extinct, because they did not marry.
With a smile on your face along with enjoyable activities, that is enough to attract people,” said Bah Bruton.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The North East Sunshine Trust (NSU) has recently sent a Detailed Project Report (DPR) to the Central Government to start uranium mining in Meghalaya.
The states that will vote nine times are Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.
In this regard, the leaders of the village together with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council-Central Body on Friday appealed to the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. Member of the Regional Committee for Jaintia Hills to take action by informing the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to take action on this issue.
There are so many issues that have to be addressed and one thing we have seen from this recent election is the poverty of the majority of the people.
“All market dwellers should sit in the designated areas, especially street vendors should no longer sit in public places and should not throw garbage.
It can be said that in the past few days, the area of ​​Motphran has returned to normal and it has been seen that the situation in the area has started to improve and change back as it was in the past.
My first intention was that I wanted to speak to all Christians.
It is for this reason that the villagers do not leave their homes on Saturdays and Sundays.
Therefore, in order to prevent these incidents, the District Administration of East Khasi Hills, has enforced Section 144 CrPC, which prohibits the public march, gathering of more than three persons in parts of the city of Shillong.
He said that when making these paintings he used only shniah, tyrnem and no machine.
The complaint said that on the 20th of July while she was going to the school to take a test, the teacher threatened to show the video to the Head Teacher of the school and also She said that in the midst of fear, she surrendered and raped her in the room of another teacher, Sir Chaudhury. After raping her, he handed over his mobile phone to her and said that she has now been able to delete the video.
Doing so will not affect the employment gap among the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, based on the increase in the number of educated people from 28.43% in 1971 to 74.43%. in the year
This person is considered to be knowledgeable and understanding of Garo culture and is able to read, write and speak fluently in Garo (Office Memorandum Dated 28 May 1974). but it expresses the common struggle that a small nation should not be left behind.
When we look at these changes in many ways, we can only say, what will happen tomorrow or tomorrow.
The posters have been posted in many places in the Nongpoh area and the residents after receiving the posters have expressed their gratitude and said that they will visit the posters. Commander Shangpliang - The Best Of Khasi Films.
In one village there are seven families whose fathers are Nepalis, and the reason is that these seven mothers have been abandoned by Khasi fathers.
The residents said that one of these foreigners has not been able to leave the state because he is in a case against him regarding the documents. including Passport, Visa and others.
Shortly after, another day, the Mawlongbna residents complained that the Thyllaw residents had come to invade their land and alleged that the injury of the Thyllaw residents was due to their running up and down. you are strong.
Because this plague is only a wake-up call for a greater horror to come.
