On the Lelangki Cable Network, Batesi TV will be broadcast at 8:15 pm.
Ramseng Sangma (22min), Tengsu Sangma (82min) and Sillingston Sangma (85, 90min) scored the other four goals.
Jowai, July 23: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNYM) on Thursday under the leadership of the President of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNYM) Pynhun Shulet in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Ialong, Bah T. Ram Phawa and members of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNYM) They met with the Medical Superintendent (MS) of Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong.
Shillong: U Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, has tested positive for covid-1
However, he said it is surprising that these Councils have not held any meetings in the past five years since the formation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-1 government.
The income of the residents in this area is also very low due to these problems.
After that, he served as Procurator of Oriental Theological College, Mawlai for three years.
Shillong: The President of the Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H Pala on Friday said that the resignation of 12 MLAs of the Congress party is not due to a dispute within the party. The Congress party, but it did not have the support of those MLAs who left the party, including Charles Pyngrope.
Swastic Chhetris tied for 190 runs without losing a wicket to help Meghalaya to score 368 runs in the second innings and set a target of 340 runs to win.
Phrangki Buam scored the first goal for Lajong in the 7th minute but Rangdajied managed to turn the tide before the break.
Rajkumar Rex, Bishworjit and Md Sultan Karim took two wickets each for Manipur to score 133 runs.
Students of Rud Myntdu LPS SSA on 24th June took to the streets to raise awareness among the visitors on the dangers of using cigarettes and tobacco.
He said that teaching is the greatest and most honorable job, because he or she teaches, they take the responsibility to develop and brighten the future of the students who are the future of the country.
Otherwise, you will be like a goat or a cow and like a rat that only shuns one.
Shillong: On 13th October 2019, at 8 pm, while she was on her way to Nepalbora village to attend a meeting of HANM, Christina Mukhim, has lodged a complaint that three women, a Martina Tariang, Junita Tariang and Anjali Rupsi stopped her scooter and asked about the activities of HANM Women's Wing. Anjali Rupsi also insulted Mukhim.
Jowai, July 13: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the NFSA (AAY and PHH) and Non-NFSA ration for the month of July, 2022 has been released to all wholesale outlets. The distribution of ration to all ration shops from the 6th to the 20th of this month.
The Union has demanded that there should be lecturers in Khasi subject as the College does not have teachers in Khasi subject and this has created problems for the students especially those students who have taken Major in Khasi subject.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli Yooshida Nongspung said that he has promised to take action as soon as possible to discuss the issue of relocating the KAAC gate. other means of violent protest.
Sangma said that the Phytoremediation program has been conducted in which algae has been used to clean up these rivers by natural means. this program," he said.
Dr War, Director of Health Services, said that there is a shortage in some areas of the hospital, but to avoid such incidents, the government has given permission to increase the number of hospitals. The isolation ward of the hospital is for mothers who come from the containment area to give birth at the hospital.
In fact, there was hope that the government would lift the ban on recruitment in this department after the last elections but it did not happen.
The readers are also expected to comment if there is a lymbiang explanation and to give accurate suggestions in order to contribute more such words in order to contribute to the development of Khasi literature.
However, at the same time, he acknowledged that there are many shortcomings due to the lack of land and others that should be provided.
Maybe this is what didn't exist before in the past and this will bring improvement".
As a discussion whether it is right for a man of God to enter politics.
After the end of the match, Maw U Tieng FC beat Madanrting FC by 1 goal, and through this victory ended the match. It has won 3 times since the beginning of the tournament.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Fire and Emergency Services (F&ES) department has conducted training for its members during the non-tragic incidents across the state.
Meanwhile, the calendars for the year 2024, gate booklets, leaflets on various development and welfare schemes for the people have also been distributed.
Isaiah 43:1–2.
He is remembered as a leader of the Garo Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the bus drivers said that it affects not only the passengers who use the bus but also those who earn their living from this business.
The Government has also appointed Jirang MDC Victor Rani as the Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board.
The Government has indicated that 19 polling stations are operational and another 4 will be operational within two months.
Secretary, wrote a letter to Nanda and gave a copy to the newspapers to show that what Nanda said in the newspapers was different from their conversations with him at the Governor's House. The letter also stated that the APHLC will support only the Hill State, and that even in the upcoming meetings in Delhi, the Government of India should understand that the talks are not only on the Hill State. State.
However, the teachers and supporters who have the spirit to develop the Riwar area have been strongly supported.
And so it is with the rule of law.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 1: Nongstoin Police Station has recovered the body of a young boy from a stream known as Wah Tlon. to the district of Mawshynrut.
The Emerging Player Award went to Promi Tariang of Ladrymbai Dongwah SC.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bining Lyngkhoi, a prominent runner in the state, said that he is delighted to see the youth who have risen and who have been able to take part even in different states in the National Games. Those who have brought the name and honor to the SWKH District,, He gave the encouragement and encouragement to the winners and also to those who love the race that they should not end up here, or end up only. In the name of Bah Biningstar Lyngkhoi, he said that they should set a goal to become more prominent not only in the state or the country but in the world as a whole to take part in the International Games. For the runners who came from all over the country because we know that when they run they can also see the beauty of the surrounding nature, the DC also congratulated Bah Benningstar Lyngkhoi, Bah Tlanding Wahlang and Bah Swonding Mawlong who have set a good example for others who have the spirit to become skilled goalkeepers.
On the opening day of the meeting, several issues were discussed such as the increase in border crossings, border crossing and others on the borders of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
This action of the police has created fear and panic in the villages.
Albert Lyngdoh scored the goals in the 49th and 85th minutes and Soki Lamare in the 62nd minute.
Thus, the market has fallen to the extreme, no longer like in the past.
Nongstoin, Nailar 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Saturday renewed the office bearers of the KSU Mawtynrong Circle.
The Chief Organizer, FKJGP, Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the party will strive to disseminate information on all these issues and to explain to the people that they should take action on the letters sent by the department in this regard.
Regarding the fraudulent recruitment by the suspect, the five youths from Nongpoh area, said that the suspect had taken money from them for the purpose of employment in the government department. In the District Court of Ri Bhoi District and All India Radio Shillong, but it has not reached anywhere, because it is just a fraudulent job, just to get money from the job seekers.
At the same time, the president said that the group has worked hard to release the second album of the party with the support of the women's organization, JPK Khasi Ri Raid Laban, together with the parakurs. paragraph.
Here we have elected leaders to our State Government, District Councils, Regional Parties who have their own manifestos. to protect the country and the nation, women's organizations in various religious churches and in various villages, civil society organizations or NGOs which are of our flesh and blood However, it is unfortunate that we have to struggle to demand our “RIGHTS” with anxiety, fear and doubt about the future of the country and the nation towards a brighter, meaningful future. society or that great group of people, which is glorious and strong in this world.
Shri Salman Khurshid and Shri Gulam Nabi Azad were also present.
Prestone also criticized the UDP party in the MDA government for not being able to do anything to increase the salaries of teachers. The Prime Minister and the Symbud Myntri have been able to increase their salaries.
Last year, the Indian government announced its desire to host the Olympic Games through Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a meeting of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
In these days, the Khasi cow farming in the rural areas is no longer safe, due to the spread of the disease which has spread to the cows in which thousands of cows in the villages have died. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Shanbor Paul Lamare, Officer Forester-1 of Ratacherra Beat, said that they have received information since the 25th that there are vultures which have arrived here. Wapung, a team of Wildlife Department yesterday visited the area where the birds are, when they reached the area they found that there was a cow dead in the forest with these birds. “Furthermore, we have received information that they have reached Tuber village, where at Tuber we found a dead miaw,” said Bah Lamare.
Because it is known that mitochondrial diseases are serious and incurable and those babies who get the disease can die within a few days or a few hours after birth. .
On the Congress' response, Sanbor said that the Congress is only a people's response and that is why the people have rejected it across the country.
It doesn't matter whether you are rich or poor, but if you have dignity and respect, you will be happy and joyful.
As a group, Warrant hasn't been able to perform around for many years and hasn't been able to perform again this year.
He said that he is also close to the Muslims because every Muharram he used to accompany the Muslims from Laban to Jhalupara and now all these places fall under the same constituency.
Jowai: Students of Tia Chaprang Secondary School together with parents and civil society organizations have marched with placards and banners to condemn the killing of one of their classmates who is studying in Class IX. at the school.
In the Final Exam, both of his children failed.
We have tried to find a way but we haven't found it yet,” said Bah Marshillong.
“We have been looking for ways and means to prevent this,” said the SP. He said police have arrested the facebook user of the group.
According to the soskular, signed between the MTDC and Shylla, it should be completed in April 2013 after being extended since
Look at the school children walking from back gate Loreto to DIPR.
Shillong: The Futsal Association of Meghalaya (FFP) has announced its intention to hold the 3rd Open Futsal Tournament (Men's and Women's) ).
Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF Meghalaya in the presence of the Commandant of 110 Bn and the residents of the area.
He said that the employees of the Ambulance 108, refuse to take patients to Nongpoh by using the road from Umrit to Umling, on the grounds that the Ambulance is too bad. and also that the road is very bad, therefore it causes trouble to the drivers for fear of getting damaged in the middle of the road.
Tura, July 17: An autorickshaw driver was killed when a Bolero Pickup collided with him while two others were seriously injured including a 3-year-old girl.
It is heard from time to time that when there are meetings, many people come especially the Chief Guest who is invited to take part in various public meetings whether it is in school, college or in the village. In the city, the words that come out when the chief guest gives a speech are often that “youth are the future of the nation” and from time to time it is said that school children are the bright future of the country. , heroes and intellectuals but the question now arises, Is it true that the future of the country and the nation depends on the youth? and shortcomings in life that cannot be sufficient not to blame or criticize, criticize, criticize or reject those who have been led astray in their lives.
From time to time, the union receives complaints from the public regarding the lack of medicines or vaccines for animals and from time to time the public faces difficulties in agriculture due to the lack of attention of the government and its encouragement. The government has encouraged the youth to take up agriculture and farming only in words without taking action to provide the assistance they deserve.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills C Syrti said that they have arrested Jimmy and Sdangki Myrphet, one of the drug traffickers in Jowai.
Shillong: A woman has been arrested by bloodthirsty men for killing her husband at a cost of T.60,000 tyngka. .
“There are thousands of people who know the root cause of the weakness of the security forces in Meghalaya, but they don't reveal the facts they know in front of the public.
The forward added a second goal in the 28th minute.
In a statement, the Sordars of these Raids including the Sordar of Shabong, Lyngkhat, Rangnah, Mukertila, Mawlam and Mawshun also met with the Deputy Chief. Minister Prestone Tynsong to express this view.
So she lived by wearing a white sari. Some came from well-off families, started their own businesses and became rich, while others started schools, colleges and universities.
Libraries, teachers and course syllabi remain unattended.
“To ensure that our youth do not go down the wrong path, the government will continue to create opportunities rather than jobs through self-employment, she said. to improve the Youth Policy and others,” he said.
However, in democracies this is difficult.
Furthermore, the residents of the area have urged the Jio Company to take action and provide services to the people. the trust of the people.
The sub-marine INS Sindhurak Shak was shot down without any warning to the troops and the explosion was so violent and loud that it was heard throughout South Mumbai.
Israel will release women and children detained in various Israeli prisons in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Kashmir's Abednedo Tetteh scored two goals for Kashmir, followed by Robertson, Nagen Tamang, Surchandra Singh and Kizo each while Samuel Kynshi scored one for Lajong.
At the same time, drivers are urged to use other roads.
Shillong, March 26: While the death anniversary of Capt WA Sangma, the first Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was being celebrated in Garo Hills, another Hills State fighter from Meghalaya, u Bah BB Lyngdoh (also known as Bah Bring) will be the anniversary of the death of this great politician of the state.
The Pastor said that the Act gives strong powers to the army to arrest or shoot anyone just for suspicion, and he said that there is no law of “Does this law have any place in a democratic country, does it allow the army to attack the people?” said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. strongly oppose the implementation of this Act in this State and in other parts of the country.
He gave an example that on the way to his house, he used to see many women standing along the road carrying bags and asked, “How can we control the light? and the illegal sale of liquor by opening liquor stores.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the General Body Meeting of NEHUTA held on Saturday under the chairmanship of the President, Prof. Lakhon Kma.
Surat: Female employees working as clerks at the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) have been placed naked in a room for testing whether they are pregnant or not.
“Ka Seng has urged the future leaders not to conduct family business under the scheme of the people, as we found that CGI sheet or tin sop iing amounted to T 3,43,98000, in the name of his family members. MLA. We also urge to use the scheme properly, so that it reaches the people at the right time.
The deceased was identified as Donisstar Kharkrang, 24, of Nginiong village. Six of them are seriously ill and admitted to the CCU (Critical Care Unit) of the hospital.
Shillong: Lady Keane College today launched a health camp on menstrual health and hygiene programme. earth.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office and was attended by HK Thabah MCS, Phlowel Syiem Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima, J. Marweiñ. The Survey of Meghalaya has also been published.
Furthermore, u Bah PN Syiem said that these things happen because many of the legislators don't have time to pass laws because they are busy to change tomorrow, only for their own good and benefit. Therefore, what we need now is to stand up and fight so that we can see that our Ri Khasi Jaintia has a future.
According to the residents, the reason for the delay in the election of the full Waheh Shnong is due to the lack of attention of the Dolloi of Nongtalang Elaka even after the authorities of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council have sent a letter. to the Dolloi to hold the election of Waheh Shnong by secret ballot.
He said that the State has recognized Bah Standling as a man who has made a great contribution to the Mawlai Constituency and the State as a whole in his leadership of the people for 25 years.
Many countries have tried to show mercy for them, but to what extent?
Shillong, Nailar 14: Two Home Guard Policemen of the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guard Department will receive medals for their services to the people.
“The existence of the exhibition hall will revive us the present generation in which we see history as it is and how we are moving forward at this moment.
The purpose of the KJP Synod is to provide education to the market dwellers to know their health and to get treatment and to have their own. Pastor B Syiem, Director of Urban Mission, said that the drop-in center will be held at the Iewduh.
The driver and the vehicle were taken to the office of the Superintendent of Police, Shillong, where the money was supposed to be given to a woman in Laban.
She should have used these times when the Lok Sabha was not in session to visit the parts of the country where there were protests.
On the shooting death of residents in Mukroh in November 2022, Prestone Tynsong said this is only due to the non-completion of the border between the two states.
After this, he will address a public meeting at the New Tura Playground at Tura Law College.
“We are now trying to get the donation from the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT),” he added.
This shows that the good of society is in his heart.
The 11 outposts to be upgraded to full police stations include Bagma, Chelagung, Manpathar, Baijalbari, Taibandal, Khairpur, Bagbasa, Champaknagar, Collegetilla, GB and Ramnagar.
Explaining in detail what it means to be one of the leaders who has won many elections, Prestone said, “The most important thing is up to us as candidates how we work because here in Meghalaya our people don't They don't choose a party but they choose an individual no matter what the party is.
Because if there are no more gangs, there are other crimes that destroy the society.
Shillong, June 03: West Khasi Hills FC have reached the final of the U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) after beating wickets by five wickets. East Khasi Hills in the final match of Zone 1 on Saturday at Nongstoin.
In Ri Bhoi district, there are 14 cases, of which 8 cases are from the armed forces, 5 cases are from high risk and one case is from abroad.
“If (L) Purno Sangma, the father of the incumbent Chief Minister, can persuade the MoEF Standing Committee not to issue environmental clearance to AMD to mine uranium in Balphakram National Park in 2010, we will “We demand that Conrad Sangma should do the same for the people of South West Khasi Hills District,” said Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
“One of the national parties has refused to cooperate, the national party which stands for the Khasi Jaintia state, they have refused to cooperate and in the moment they left the meeting we understood that we will not have I can't count anymore, I've lost my purpose.
We have agreed to review the reservation policy.
Shillong, March 07: The Chairperson of the Commission of Inquiry into the Mukorah Shooting, Justice T Vaiphei, has decided to suspend the hearing of the case as the Assam and Meghalaya governments have decided to suspend the hearing of the case. “Because the two governments of Meghalaya and Assam have agreed to hand over the incident to the CBI, it is not right for me to investigate the incident in Mukroh to the CBI. “We are still investigating the incident,” said Justice Vaiphei.
by understanding and reasoning that such a story could have happened? At the same time based on the Profits or Losses in both Categories.
On this occasion, the police have investigated with some of the booksellers and book buyers and found that there is a selling of school books more than 5 or 10 tyngka above the MRP. ) do not shon this court.
He said that the interest rate that the borrowers have to pay is high, they have to pay other unfair fees, the calculation of the interest rate is not clear and the misuse of the loan. social agreements are not clean, but only to take advantage of through mobile devices.
He said that these projects will be tendered in the next two or three months and about T.415.93 crore has been allocated for the construction of various projects in the state.
Up to 3.6 million shyieng seeds will be distributed across schools, Dorbar Shnongs to participate in this initiative to create green areas in Meghalaya”.
Also these foods are helpful for proper bowel movements.
Thousands of children of Sohiong Hima under the banner of the JAC have turned to the KHADC after the deadline for the return of the Nongwah-Mawtamur Hima to the Sohiong Hima on Thursday.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported, police said.
Sources said that on Saturday, a face-to-face meeting was held between the MDC and the PDF leaders in the presence of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. Pynshngaiñ has made it clear that the ticket will go to Arbinus and not to Mangkara as reported in the media.
The Fish Eco Hatchery has been handed over under the supervision of the Fisheries Department under the supervision of the Superintendent of Fisheries Bah Hubert Kharbuki. in the city of Lahore.
Replying to the media, Bam said, “What I have and what I don't have has been revealed to many.
Speaking at the opening of the Approach Road and the Auditorium of the College of Teachers Education (PGT), Prestone said, “There are times when we forget about the teachers and the great work they do, but I, Prestone, am what I am now because of the presence of teachers and Conrad Sangma is what I am because of the hard work of the teachers.
He said that the NPP has a goal to develop the state through the unity of all the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people to live in peace and harmony as brothers and sisters and not like other political parties who want to divide the state. State.
“Yes, tell me, I don't know,” said the mother.
On behalf of the party, he took the opportunity to thank the Rangbah Shnong of Laitmynring for providing the land for the construction of the orphanage adjacent to the school.
The Indian Youth Congress led by its President Amarinder Singh Raja has left the Union Minister's house on the 17th of this month.
This also explains the close relationship between the BJP and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).
The Garo people built ships to escape the floods.
Jowai: The KSU West Jaintia Hills District Council (KSU) today met with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma after the Assam Police at Mookoilum Out Post suspended the construction of the Lower Primary School. the village of Mowluber.
“Do not love the world” 1 John 2:1
The suspect was identified as Fazal Ali, a resident of Adabari area, Kamrup district.
All students from East Khasi Hills except those from Shillong and Greater Shillong can participate especially those areas where EKHCA has just completed the coaching camp.
Regarding the arrest of these three youths, the residents of the area have urged the Meghalaya government to talk to the Assam government to release them. , because the arrest of these three persons, is only a cover-up by the Assam Police, with the intention of intimidating the people living on the border.
The body was taken by the police for further investigation.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 12: The elders of the villages under Mawshynrut C&RD Block, have warned from time to time and banned the slaughter of fish by using drugs. bih, khang jar, shoot bombs, throw water, shot khariew and others.
Salman D Sangma said he joined the TMC because the party respects all ethnic groups and religions.
Speech was also delivered by the Sardar of Tynring, Bah W Nongrum in the presence of Mission Director SRES, S Sadhu, IAS, JT Diengdoh, PD-DRDA, EKH, PT Passah, MCS, ADC. i/c Planning, Kong DD Syngai, MCS, officers and staff from various departments including Agriculture, Horticulture, Health, DCIC, PHE, ICDS and others, including members of DS, Tynring , SHGs, PGs, young men and women with more than
Thus some of the water becomes food for the plant, but most of it comes out of these gates, when it passes through the plant and through the leaves, from these veins.
Every year up to 8,000 people in Meghalaya die from smoking.
Only public places will be cleaned and not the grounds or compounds.
When Kiang Nangbah heard those stories of his mother, he became brave and his whole body trembled and squeezed his teeth saying that he did not let these men rule over my beloved land.
He also said that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has done many good things for the benefit of the people.
These parts weigh less than 20 kilos and cover about 15 villages,” said Tyngkan.
Pilot was removed from the post of second prime minister and Congress leader after he decided to fight against the Congress government led by Ashoke Gehlot in Rajasthan.
Three other players have been included in the reserve, Lee Yong Lepcha (Sikkim CA), Nabam Abo (Arunachal Pradesh CA) and Dika Ralte (Mizoram CA).
For example, they hire, contract and so on.
Commentators say that these stories are compiled from different sources, so there are differences in the way the stories are written, the words used and the sker.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Many Meghalaya government officials have expressed their disappointment over the decision of the Meghalaya High Court not to accept syrnod from Rangbah Shnong.
He said he had clearly recognized at the CEC meeting that there was a double standard in the party where some opposed the decision to withdraw from the PDF and some wanted to withdraw.
Jowai, Nailur 26: A truck number AS-01-DD 7554, owned by Sdangroi Shadap, of Mynso village, has been burnt down this morning. an; The incident happened at 10:30 pm at Mookyrdup, Jowai, and the truck was parked near the Irrigation Office.
In Telangana, the TRS of K. Chandrashekar Rao came back to power while in Mizoram, the Mizo National Front (MNF) led by Zoramthanga came to power.
The reason why I say this is because there are some of my facebook friends who comment and follow people on any writing or speech of anyone without understanding the true meaning.
We don’t tend to talk about illnesses and other social problems.
He said that the examination will be conducted at the newly renovated cow market at Ranghona in Byrnihat.
On receiving a tip, the Khanapara Police Station on receiving a tip, rushed to the scene to investigate whether anyone was injured. Police are conducting investigation into the incident, which was caused by quarrying from a hill near the house, the source said.
The same thing happens now when the temples are closed, because God doesn't want people to worship Him only for hours or days to perform rituals, but because He wants people to worship Him. IN SPIRIT AND IN TRUTH FOR THE FATHER (GOD) IS SEEKING THAT THEY WILL WORSHIP HIM.John 4:2
However, as of today, Vince McMahon is still carrying out his duties as the chief executive of the WWE while Dana White is still the chief executive of the UFC. The new positions may also affect the status of both of them, but there has been no confirmation of what will be announced regarding any change.
The relationship between people from the picture of 2 people photographed together, I feel that in today's world, it is the most difficult to prove any allegation.
If it is difficult to correct the mistakes, the opportunity is now to start what you have always planned.
The protest will be held by a sit-in and flag raising ceremony in the Khyndai Lad area from 12 noon to 1 pm and will be followed by a candlelight vigil at 5 pm. .
This means that the riewlum or indigenous peoples in the State of Meghalaya are completely self-sufficient.
At such a time, I think, according to this tribulation which he has experienced, this is the greatest of all the others.
“Samla Iakibashisha Lyngdoh, one of the young winemakers, said that this job doesn't require time to work but only 10 hours or two hours a day, therefore, the youngsters should not be afraid to start. with this work has suggested.
Speaking at the last rites of Dr Donkupar at Mawpun, Sohra, Dr Mukul said, “Before the 2018 elections, when I went to propose for him to join the National Party of the Congress, I He said that the state has been suffering from the change of government which has slowed down the development, so why don't you join the Congress to bring a strong government? “It is more difficult to run the party than the government”.
There are 34,13,642 confirmed cases so far and the total number of recoveries is 1,99,25,6
For the NPP, it will be a test whether it will be able to survive while for the Congress it will be a prophecy for its journey in
Shillong: Seventeen students from various universities in Manipur have arrived at Guwahati Airport on Saturday and another 165 students will return in the next four days. 1st of January.
The death toll in Africa has risen to 1,000, according to the African Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. .
According to the Ribhoi District Administration, the two persons from Saiden were not from abroad but are believed to be known as ILI cases.
The union urges the district authorities to remove the 3rd Battalion who are guarding the cement companies, as the companies do not have security guards.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today announced that the Government of India will pay T.10 lakh per child from the PM Cares for Children Scheme. 18 years old and these are the deaths from covid.
“For the spirit shall not strive for ever with man.
Know how you know the subject you didn't teach.
Sapna Choudhury, one of the most famous singers who earlier refused to join the Congress, has met BJP leader Manoj Tiwari in Delhi. , in her dress, in which she wore the same blue dress while talking to the media.
The state government needs only to take a decision to implement it,” said the KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw.
After the suspension, the DM&HO WKHD Dr.SA Lyngdoh also arrived and the Sengbhalang groups had a chance to talk to her and demanded that she should stop the transportation of equipment from the hospital.
It is from this special feeling that since the beginning of the world it has been clear that our ancestors have given more to the mynder by making the Tang Jait a custom which continues to this day.
Shillong: U Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will take oath after resigning as MP of the Lok Sabha.
There were 66 students who came to receive the awards in the village which has only about 200 households.
(Jesus Christ).
The construction of the Travellers Nest is part of the development of tourism and will be able to meet the needs of the tourists.
The leader must have the ability to use strategy, or the mind to win the issue.
Sports is a very important subject but the government has not done anything about it in schools and colleges except for the sports festival once a year and those who have talent have not been able to showcase their skills. put themselves in that position that they should not do.
He said that his explanation was because the allegations against him had caused suspicion among many people.
Delhi Mayor Shelly Oberoi said the Municipal Corporation intends to monitor the garbage cleaners in terms of their daily activities.
Many times the police have found those who use marijuana while driving and have imposed penalties and fines to make them understand that their behavior is harmful not only to them but also to others. public especially motorists.
Doctors in Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Delhi and Mumbai are on strike today to sympathize with their colleagues working in Kolkata over the power struggle between the government of India. West Bengal with these new doctors.
A sudden fire broke out in a house in Tuber Kmaishnong village, East Jaintia Hills District on Thursday morning.
Now, about nine months before, they have been flying with those drones that fly in the sky to send information back to the sky.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the current situation varies from one district to another but the sad thing now is that Meghalaya has been severely affected by the “ Delta Viriant" and this was discovered after testing.
L.Nongbri, President Seng Khasi Mawlai, took the lead in the prayer. After this, it was the turn of the dancers and the leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, including the parakur parakha, They left the Seng house with the sound of the ksing and marched to Lympung Weiking, Jaiaw.
During this programme, the training center has distributed more than 1300 certificates to teachers who have passed in Computer and Language.
Police investigation revealed that they had gone to Laitumkhrah Presbyerian HSS to pick up a Class KG student and gave the name of the student whom the teachers did not know. your sin name.
Italy has the highest number of cases after China, with 9,712 cases and 463 deaths.
Nongpoh: Speaking as the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the Festival, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the phrase “Preserve our Culture” is a who are very important for the Khasi Khara people.
Khliehriat, July 16: A truck driver, Bishujit Chakrabarty, 36, has gone missing after his truck fell into a road accident at Lumshnong, near Tool Gate Plaza, East. Jaintia Hills District, today, the road has collapsed due to heavy rainfall which has been going on for many days.
At the same time, he stressed the need to train themselves in the workplace, especially in this era of digitization.
Candidates from various political parties and even those candidates who have not yet joined any political party have been ready to visit their homes and villages to introduce themselves. Especially those who are new and those who have been elected and those who are still leaders have been forced to go to the people to ask for their support.
During the rainy season, the electricity generation reaches only about 50 megawatts, which does not meet the electricity requirement.
The Executive Committee congratulates and supports the Rangbah Rambrai who have filed a PIL in the High Court regarding the delay of the State Government in holding the mid-term elections in the 7 MDC Constituencies. There are no MDCs in the country.
Mawphanlur Tourist Spot is one of the tourist spots that has attracted tourists from all over India and abroad.
He said that the citizens of Meghalaya have been affected by corrupt political leaders whose corruption is spreading in all sectors and at all levels in the government.
This took until March of 2017 to complete.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the facts.
The BJP also celebrated its victory in Assam which won 78 MLAs including allies like the AGP and BPF. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in the state and in the North East,” said BJP Vice President Banshai Khongwir.
According to him, the students should not be affected as they are the ones the Government cares about.
On the other hand, on the Shillong-Dawki road and the Western Bypass, the Chief Secretary in charge of the PWD department said that the land acquisition for the construction of the Western Bypass is already underway.
Speaking to reporters in New Delhi, G20 Sherpa Amitabh Kant said it was unusual and unprecedented in the history of India to receive the document. There is no doubt or criticism from other countries as this time India has been able to lead the G20 group.
It is worth mentioning that the district authorities had temporarily closed down the place of worship but it was reopened this month after the court ordered the worship. DC to provide security forces at the place of worship as well as the Pandits who perform the rituals.
Therefore, she urged the village authorities to look into the matter.
Isaiah 14:13–15.
Not only that, there were also cases when they tried by force to cleanse the blood by killing or killing non-Jews or half-Jews.
“We have appointed the SEC for the selection of the candidates who will contest the upcoming two elections from our political party,” said Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The construction cost of the house was covered by JHDS and KHUBLEI Germany with the support of the Namdong Parish Catholic Church.
Even if the government is accused in the High Court of prosecuting people who commit illegal acts, it is no longer a stinging task.
According to Mawphor, the spread of garbage is not only in public places, but especially on the National Highway-6 where the drains of the road have been filled with plastic and garbage. the bread was spread by the people.
The Love Supreme Jazz Festival is one of the largest three-day jazz festivals in the UK and is usually held in May at Glynde Place in the north. of the South Downs of East Sussex.
The screening will be held on April 28,
Nongpoh, July 05: The RBYF, Umsning Circle and 12 Village Circle have given time to the state government to appoint a new BDO in Umsning C&RD Block, within a month from last month.
She also said that Bah Ronnie's claim that farmers especially in Mylliem area have suffered from this money laundering is like talking to a child, and the BJP wants to question Bah Ronnie and Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma, to explain to the farmers, why the government has abolished farmers' schemes such as assistance, purchase of seeds, purchase of fertilizer, etc. since
The meeting also discussed the definition of who is a Khasi, based on the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act,
Even after receiving the explanation from the CEM, the leaders of these organizations expressed their dissatisfaction with the reply and said that the JHADC should consult with the people before issuing such a statement. This order is because the Rangbah Shnongs of any village are elected by the will of the people and according to their right to appoint the Rangbah Shnong.
Nongstoin, June 17: A GNLA militant has surrendered to the Shallang Police Station today.
This school has produced many students who have achieved success in various fields.
In the opinion of an older brother of the family, he was responsible for doing anything wrong to the members of Bah Shanbor's family in any way.
The taxi drivers, told the reporters about other issues that they have been talking about in the past which they have faced in their business.
He also urged the people to follow it carefully in order to have a happy and successful life.
All over the world they came to tell stories.
“For these state government officers who work abroad, the government will pay them up to 95% and for these government departments, they will still calculate how much it will cost per annum,” he said. said.
Therefore, I would like to clarify once again that all the rumors claiming that I am going to join other organizations are false and misleading.
There are now those in the villages who earn their living in tourist sports.
Noting that Kejriwal has not been sentenced yet, Atishi said the party will appeal to the Supreme Court against Kejriwal's arrest.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The National People's Party (NPP) has demanded an inquiry by the High Court into the sudden death of Balsan S Marak while in custody in Tura.
Wow! What a foolish thing it is, when they don't even know how to cook their own food, but only how to eat.
Another accident victim has died after being seriously injured in a road accident at Wapung village, East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
CHAPTER 7The days passed, the months passed, and it was not clear that the month of July had arrived.
Babu Kular Khongjirem, President of KJDSTA, said that it would be better if the government would allocate salaries every 10 years to the deficit teachers so that it would be easier to avoid any problem by releasing them once every 3-4 months. , in which schools will also send the UC once a year, in order to avoid the suffering and disaster that the deficit teachers have faced in the past years and also to avoid the lack of funds. moon.
According to the traffic police, this is only a temporary attempt to control the traffic.
Teach the youth of the Scheduled Tribes of Meghalaya to work hard and not to shop but to compete with the Indigenous Scheduled Tribes of Meghalaya by fighting on the merit of 80% Indigenous Meghalaya Scheduled Tribe for government jobs and education in various technical fields.
The Government has directed Bah Syiemlieh to investigate into the matter and submit a report within 40 days but the 40 days which expired on 30th March, 2014 but the Government has extended it for another 40 days. days later and expired on 11th November 2014 but the government has not yet released the report.
When we look closely at the boat, we see that it is moving in the water of the river,” he added.
There may be something hidden behind the scenes that is now beginning to appear.
At 3 pm, Bah Ardent stood up from his seat to address the public to read out the letter of the government approving the setup of an Expert Committee to look into the matter. bhah planted you planted jam.
The body was taken to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem on Monday.
The election for Konarchar polling station in Selsella constituency will be held again on Tuesday morning due to a faulty installation of the polling machines at the polling station.
Nongtraw said that if Pala cannot take responsibility to bring peace and stability in the region, how can the people expect him to bring the issues of the people to Parliament.
This Bill contains many provisions that will not affect the rights of the citizens of the country.
The State Government immediately held meetings with FlyBig and allowed them to explore options.
Those who kill fish are not escaped from the hands of the law.
Earlier, Akas hvanika hosted various programs as the world's largest program producer.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamlet said that he is happy to see that the village has received the house which he has fought for since he was an MLA. Continue to work and contribute to the development of the villages throughout the constituency.
Jowai: Various political parties including the JSU, KSU, HYC, JYF, JSM, MPUF, EJNC and others have decided to hold a Black Flag Peace Rally on the 26th of this month. This month as a sign of protest and condemnation against the government especially the police department which shot dead former HNLC leader, Bah Cheris Terfied Thangkhiew (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) on the 13th of this month. month.
The Executive Director appealed to the public to download the Sachet App to get the information on the environment on their mobiles.
Andhra Pradesh won the toss and elected to bat first.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of 9,000 tyngka while the loser will receive a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka.
He expressed his concern that this will deprive the people especially the poor who are suffering from the rural areas because they cannot register new names at present for this reason. 8 people pay T. Shillong, Naitung 15: The CSWO led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the DGP of Meghalaya against two persons for allegedly taking between T. up to T.75,000 from 8 persons to provide employment.
“I don't know why and on what basis Bah Adelbert said these words that if I and Bah Paul shake hands, we will be able to unite the ethnic parties. If we can't shake hands, the nation will survive," he said.
The Exit Poll shows that the NPP, which has been in power for the past three years, has regained the support of the people.
Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, former leader of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU), said he was still silent on the construction of the police station.
So he asked to find a way for them.
When inquired about the order to search and arrest the Sengbhalang leaders, it was understood that the DGP issued the order after receiving a directive from the higher authorities. .
The HSPDP, which has four MLAs and the UDP, which has eight MLAs in the 60-member Legislative Assembly, took this decision at their respective meetings which started at the same time. 11:30 pm in Shillong and they made a speech after the meeting between them by speaking together to the journalists.
The tournament was held at the Don Bosco Higher Secondary School ground in Tura.
KSU Lumshnong President Olenbat Pdang alleged that the incident happened because the nurses and doctors of Lumshnong PHC failed to fulfill their duties and services.
Banrilang Rani, who is studying in Class 9 at Lawkhla Mawlong Secondary School, is the third child of Kong Roybon Rani and Bah L.Syiemiong.
They deserve a special thank you.
Shillong, Iaiong 01 : A Rangbah has escaped death after being drowned in the Umkhrah River on Thursday in the Polo area.
On December 2, the winners will receive 15,000 tyngka and the runners-up will receive 10,000 tyngka.
A few years ago, as farmers when we went to buy cows from the Cow Market in Baridua, we still got cows to buy for the purpose of making cows and selling them around the markets in Khasi and Jaintia. However, as it is now, due to the increasing number of cows smuggled to Bangladesh, we don't have enough cows to buy from this market.
There have been many examples of Muslim houses being bulldozed for various reasons and allegedly building houses or shops in unauthorized places.
Complaining that the State Government has not responded to the demands of the people of Mukroh, he said, “They have demanded development but they have not received, they have not received their demands for protection, they have not received their demands for schemes. and they did not receive it.
Announcing that the portal will bring about a major change in the history of the country, Apurva Chandra, Secretary, Ministry of Labour, Union Government said that more than 38 crore workers in the country will be registered under one portal. and registration under the e-SHRAM portal is free of charge and employees do not have to pay for registration at Common Service Centers (CSCs) or anywhere else.
The interest rate is 8.15% per annum.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KNU) Pynursla has passed 92 percent in the result of the BA final conducted by NEHU this year.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Y.Khardewsaw, President of the Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC). PN Syiem, MDC from Pynthor-umkhrah Constituency and Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, Carnes Sohshang, MDC from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Ronie V. Lyngdoh, MDC from Mylliem Constituency and Minister of Rangthong Village, Kitborlang Nongrem in the presence of hundreds of Congress supporters.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, said that three tourist attractions in the state, Nanpalok, Elephant Falls and Nehru Park in Umiam, will be opened. will reopen from 1st November
This was confirmed by the Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh in a meeting with them today.
) with Chief Minister Nabam Tuki, Governor of Nagaland PB Acharya and Chief Minister TR Zeliang, Governor of Meghalaya KK Paul and Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, Governor of Sikkim Shrinivas Patil and Chief Minister Pawan Chamling, Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla and Manipur Chief Minister Okram Ibobi Singh.
The government's change of decision came after strong opposition from the Rangbah Shnongs and political parties in the state.
If Joseph had lacked “control over himself and had not been led by the Spirit of God, he would have succumbed to the temptation of Potiphar's wife to have sexual relations with her.
His aim, if he reaches his goal, is to improve the situation in the state in the past five years.
In chasing the target, WJH didn't score at all and were bowled out for 78 runs in 23.3 overs.
The BJP wants to know the feelings and power of the people of Meghalaya,” Pala told reporters after an election campaign rally at Iawmusiang, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
The 4th Division Football League 2023 will resume at 3:15 pm at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf, Polo today. Riatsamthiah SC will face Mawpdang SC at 4:45 pm. Jowai, Nailur 13: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division will be played at 4:45 pm. The Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, South Jowai.
They also threatened to appeal to the High Court if the government does not release the council's share, but this has ended in words.
“There are those who want to mislead the people by saying that I am corrupt after I have been an MLA for 40 years and after I have been CEM in KHADC, no one dares to say that I am corrupt. I'm sorry because I don't have corruption,” said Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
At a meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, the leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal, launched one of the goals. If the TMC comes to power in 2023, the MFI WE schemes will be fully implemented in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar, 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday expressed one of his dreams to ensure that the services of the Government reach every household of the residents. Regardless of the time or place, the Government will implement a new program called 'CM-CONNECT'
She has got the support of her family unlike other one-two parties who take decisions on such matters," he said.
After so many people have not been registered in the NRC, there has been a great fear that those who have not been registered in the NRC will flee Assam and migrate without being found. They were sent back to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Lber 28 : U Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling and MLA of Mylliem on Monday released 28.25 lakh tyngka to 41 groups of farmers or producers groups through the Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that this is part of the government and the leader's struggle to open up opportunities for the farmers to strengthen their agriculture so that they can strengthen their agriculture. that the benefit shall be for themselves.
He said that the crowd took various routes to enter the venue of the public hearing, by climbing the walls of TopCem Cement.
In this regard, I am not speaking to take sides with anyone or to condemn anyone but to discuss my opinion especially before the election.
The term of office of the Hynniew Shnong Dorbar will be for the year 2021-2
However, Nangkiew's encouragement lasted only 3 minutes after Mawnai went wrong to Rangdajied's player, and Donboklang came forward to take the free kick of the team. Rangdajied scored the second goal for Rangdajied.
Meanwhile, the OC of Williamnagar Police Station urged Tennydard to lodge a complaint with the authorities and not with the police.
However, the house of Shambu Rawat at Upper Maxwelton Estate, Type-2, Quarter No-4, Burma Jalan Compound c/o Ganesh Store, opposite the residence of the Income Tax employees, continued to be closed. , Goenka Compound, Kadir Compound, A.Swer Compound, the house of Phani Ram near Kali Mandir, the house of Bipul Sen, including the house of Dilip Deb, the first floor of Neuke Cottage, which is the house of U Pankaj Kapoor, the house of Om Prakash at Rapsang Building on Keating Road and then the house near Laban State Dispensary where the pharmacist, D. Pakyntein lives.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister on 9th June, the MLA from Phungyar (ST) Assembly constituency has expressed his concern over the threat of illegal entry and smuggling of Myanmar refugees into the state. .
They have been charged under the IPC and the Unlawful Activities (UAPA) Act.
He said that they have received information that his son has arrived in Nongstoiñ and some people have met him.
The source said that after the abduction, the GNLA suspects also gave a phone number to the family members of the man and ordered them to call the number.
He said that Them Metor is only the residence of those employees, cleaners of the Municipal but with the passage of time he said that more and more people have come to stay.
He said that the spread of fire also causes the soil to collapse because when it rains, it carries away the fertilizer.
“The government is not only building an indoor stadium but it is for the youth which the government can provide so that the youth can use it especially to avoid the wrong path.
Exercise improves mood by promoting positive thinking that can fight depression.
Demthring, the winner of the First Division, and Wahiajer, the runners-up, will play in the Super Division instead of Khimusniang and Mynthong.
Two of the victims were women, the Palestinian Center for Human Rights said.
The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy match between Caroline Colony and Pynthorlangtein ended in a 1-1 draw at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
The state government has directed the FFC committee to submit its report within 10 months, he said.
Lanosha said, “Yes, son, I've been here for a long time... I met your brother at the market, so I'll drink milk with you first...” said the mother. Lanosha said quickly, “I'll come soon, my son, don't sleep... Look, don't go to the night...” The mother ordered. “To Mei...” Lanosha replied and immediately lifted her feet.
There is too much conflict and division and it is difficult to implement even the decisions.
The Government has not yet issued a license even though the applications have been sent to the Central Government as they have not yet reached the State Government.
Pages 619,620) The rule of the brain.
Two village leaders of Maskut, a village near the Sung Valley, were attacked and shot dead by unknown persons on Tuesday.
There is no need to wave hands and hate each other, but to talk and create ways and means to resolve the issue.
The entry fee will be T.1500, registration fee T.30/- per player and one team should not exceed 25 or less than 20 players per team.
Shillong, Nailar 12: BSF troops from Kuliang, East Jaintia Hills today seized a truck with registration number -41B-6238 at Sonapur Bridge on NH-4 Police have also arrested two phensedyl smugglers identified as Rahim SK and Jahagir SK of Phensedyl worth T.5 lakh tyngka. Nadia village in West Bengal.
How are you?S/d- B.M.Lanong.
Nagaland has no ADC because it has 371A.
“My visit to these health centers is to take stock of the preparedness of the CHCs and PHCs to fight the COVID-19 pandemic.
From one problem to another and there is no end.
Replying to a supplementary question by VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Conrad said that according to the census code, the polling stations, the number of VECs in Mukroh is still low. within the boundary of West Jaintia Hills District.
“Without the assistance of the government, we cannot reach anywhere and he expressed his gratitude to the government departments like Sports and Youth Affairs, Arts and Culture, Tourism, Sericulture and Weaving and others who have been helping us from time to time. sha you for.
“We have stopped the handshake because it will not lead to anything but will only lead to division,” said UDP Working President Dr Mawthoh. .
Regarding the arrest of these 20 foreigners, Banjop Maring, President of KSU Eastern Border Area, expressed his regret to find that foreigners have been allowed to enter the state, while People from the state find it difficult even to travel from one district to another in the state.
“We urge your authorities to immediately conduct an investigation to expose those involved and punish them according to the law,” said the President of CSWO. Rympei Thymmai (SRT) has opened its 25th Anniversary on Tuesday in the city.
Leaders of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs including Bah Paia War Nongbri, Asstt.
He said that the skum kba can last only three months and when it is no longer suitable for planting, it has to be replaced by another one. part of the new planting.
Royal Challenger FC scored through Defender Pomthaih in the 23rd minute and Ronald Lyngdoh in the 65th minute.
“Perhaps the leaders have left the party, but it does not mean that the entire Congress has disappeared.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases including 5 high risk cases, 2 ILI cases and one returnee.
One of the arrested said that their main intention this time was to attack a Jewish restaurant.
Prime Minister Duh met and talked to ISRO scientists who participated in the Chandrayaan-3 mission who briefed him on the findings and progress of the Chandrayaan-3 Mission.
He said the party expects to export many kinds of agricultural products such as sying, sohsaw, biscuits and others to Bangladesh.
“We would also like to thank the Sports Department of the State Government through the Sports Minister Bah Shakliar Warjri for allowing us to hold this tournament despite the ongoing maintenance of the stadium.
In conclusion, we have to put a question mark to this coalition government of NPP, UDP, HSPDP, BJP and others and that is whether they agree or not to give their right hand and to vote again. The payment of T.500 to the account of the poor, the payment of 100 per day to the employees or T.700 per month or T. 1,000 to the mysteries, is to pay for light (not to buy food) and if so, the question is whether it is not only these who burn the fire, but the state government. office workers, factory workers, self-employed workers, religious workers (with low salaries), the elderly and others, who have been living at home. many months, this curfew.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The second General Meeting of the Seiñkur Tang Pyllun will be held on the 24th June, 2024 at Mowtyrshiah, West Jaintia Hill District from 10 am.
The residents complained about the pollution of the drinking water distributed by the PHE and Municipal departments to all the households, and also complained about the lack of distribution of drinking water to all the households across the country. State.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) has been on tight patrol on the India-Bangladesh border these days after the Police Commissioner of Dhaka said that Dozens of Bangladeshis have decided to leave Afghanistan and pass through India because they are not happy that Afghanistan is ruled by the Taliban.
Shillong: The Sub-Committee of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government led by Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Government of Shillong, has not yet approved the proposal. Member of Parliament (MP) for the Rajya Sabha.
The B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency is an opportunity that the tourism industry has been waiting for and is now taking advantage of the opportunities that have come out of it.
The non-functioning of these banks has caused a lot of trouble to the people who want to withdraw money.
As the state has witnessed a rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, the Chief Secretary said that 'this installation of testing units will make the government less responsible, and also it will make it easier to collect samples for testing and in the cases that are increasing as the days go by.
According to the Central Water Commission (CWC) at Kharkhana, the rainfall in Kharkhana on 29th June has reached 352.2 mm. The factory village requests the authorities to do something for the village to make it easier to travel by providing a proper road. and the Printed-Factory.
Sadly, even in the midst of these financial crises, the relatives of Ministers, Chairman and Co-Chairman are spending money untimely in every place.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders said that they want to upgrade the school to class 10, because at present the school is still providing education only to those who have studied till 6th grade.
Police have rushed to the scene and said that they have been blocked by a crowd who cannot control them.
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Friday seized more than 69 kilograms of Ganja from a Swift Maruti Car after a raid on the NH-06 at Kongong village. and three men were killed.
“The availability of this vaccine will help children a lot as it will reduce children from receiving injections and also prevent Hib,” said Dr Chyne.
So when your friend came to the front of the crematorium, he shot him in the chest.
The border settlement talks should be based on mutual respect between the two governments and not the jeep of Assam and the trailer of Meghalaya.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Special Session of the Council on Thursday, the CEM said that by amending the Bill for the second time, It will be the same as the Inner Line Permit because the Dorbar Shnongs have the authority.
However, when the votes from the EVMs and postal ballots were counted, Bah Gabriel Wahlang won and is now the elected leader of the people.
On the same day, his supporters came to complete the distribution of these work orders to the households of the area. The meeting was conducted by Bah Christopher Lyngdoh President Phlangdiloin Primary Unit in the presence of Bah German Nongsiang, President German Nongsiang, Bah Nelbi T. Sangma, General Secretary RBCC, Bah Kitbor Nongrem Asst. RBCC Secretary, Warsanlyngdoh Zone Coordinator, Albihal Marthong, Phlangdiloin Zone Coordinator, and others.
He said that KAS has also decided to seek a reply from the office of the Minister of Home Affairs of the Government of India regarding the progress of the petition. the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution of the Republic.
The SNSBH also congratulates the Dorbar Shnong Mawkasiang, for taking over three night houses, for the accommodation of the 47 employees of NEIGHRIMS, who have been released. RL Blah, General Secretary, SNSBH, Nongpoh: At the age of 50, a woman has been arrested. Lakyntiew Syiemlieh from Lumumpih Umsning, Ri Bhoi, has passed Class XII Arts from Balawan College in the results announced by the MBOSE yesterday.
Nongpoh: The manager of a petrol pump in Umdihar, who stole T.11 lakh and then fled to a place in Rajasthan, has been arrested by the police. , and after a few days they sought him.
There are politicians whose speeches have been written by others.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawlai Presbyterian College beat Mawsynram Border Area College 2-1
At the same time, there are many problems and the main problems are the lack of adequate badminton or indoor sport facilities and the lack of full financial support.
How many young Khasi women are working in the Dkhar country now?
On the head tea cher allowance, it was discussed that it is the demand of AMPSTA which was signed with the Minister of Education on 30th November
Among Asian countries, Singapore is expected to be the worst affected by the virus in
He also acknowledged the plight of the farmers, where most of their hard work is in vain, because they are harassed by the traders and this is also one of the problems that the farmers face from time to time. Therefore, the ability of this Society to cultivate and produce from this area, will be a great blessing to the Slasha farmers, not only in this area but in other areas.
In East Khasi Hills, 51 cases including 6 cases from Armed Forces and 45 cases from civilians, 21 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in East Garo Hills. One in East Jaintia Hills and one in South Garo Hills.
Shillong: "I am afraid that in the current political situation there are many people who want to turn business into business and if our rights are violated and looted how can we ensure the protection of the future," he said. MLA of the 17th North Shillong Constituency is Mr. Adelbert Nongrum.
Bah Ardent did not hesitate to step down from the post of CEM of KHADC to avoid doing things to please others without any real reason.
Your truth for thanksgiving.
Many have criticized the film and believe that this new film is also Salman Khan's biggest hit.
We have written a letter to the PHE department but they have not responded,” he said.
Many doctors say that the presence of the disease, or TPR, cannot be the reason for the closure of the village.
These include, to work hard to protect the lives of women and children, to monitor and refer NCD cases, to ensure 100 percent vaccination of newborns up to 10 years of age. and to ensure 100 percent implementation of ANC Coverage for poor women and others.
Teachers in Karnataka have now come up with a trick to prevent students from checking their papers during examinations by covering their heads with boxes. They don't have the opportunity to look back and forth, but to focus on their own writing.
And when they earn money, they make people sad and angry.
If they are not High-Level, the government will not be able to do anything.
“I feel sorry for Ksan that he has to leave school only halfway, but how can we do that if there is no other way,” said Bah Sino in front of Kynum.
However, for the sake of other fellow teachers who have been fined, he does not know if they have to auction their property like him.
In the boys' category, COG Sec School won the title by beating DHS Roy 1-0
TMC Meghalaya conducts tournaments across the state to encourage and develop the talents of the athletes not only in the field of sports but also in the field of health.
Despite many challenges in the past years due to the pandemic, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and other challenges, the States/UTs have worked hard to implement the Jal Jeevan Mission.
In fact, the government had planned to hold the talks in the first month of July.
“I have experienced and seen before, the struggle of the political parties during the elections but when the votes were counted, only two candidates won.
The vehicle was seized at Siju-Adura and police are investigating to find out the motive of the armed robbery.
Jesus empowered the Apostles to preach and perform miracles and they did.
Indeed, on that day they caught a lot of tham, and also small rain, besides shymprong.
The BDO of Jirang C&RD Block has directed the affected village leaders to collect information on the damage in the villages. They also urged those whose homes have been damaged to stay temporarily in schools and that the government authorities are still struggling to provide emergency relief measures.
Look, it's nine o'clock..." Riia said. "Ap ap ia bam shuwa..." Riia's father and mother said together.
On the other hand, AYWO has requested the State Government to reconsider the decision taken by the Cabinet regarding the opening of the markets which used to be held once a day in the border areas. The 21 days curfew has been imposed in the state due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state. The number of cases of Covid-19 in the neighboring states of Meghalaya is increasing.
On the other hand, the longkmie and rangbah said that if the winners of these four candidates will bring about change in this constituency which for more than 50 years now has been elected only the same candidate and now we have the opportunity to I believe that those who win will also bring about renewal in this area and will rule fairly and look after the needs of many of the people in this area which is the most backward of all the districts in the State.
However, after being allowed to sell only fish produced in the state and imported from Assam, and although the price is lower, some shops have opened to sell and trade so that they can provide for the needs of their families as they used to earn a living from this work.
• Sengbhalang often do not receive real support from us the people, most of our people are small, they are only interested when the Sengbhalang are left alone especially those who fall under the list of patriotic parties.
At the same time, the President of the Jaintia Students Union, Jersom Shylla, the President of the JYF, Bah OL Tariang, congratulated the JNC and spoke on many issues related to the JNC. They also expressed that as organizations they have always worked together to protect the country and the nation and they will continue to work together as the children of the land of Hynniewtrep.
However, many of those who knew that the road was bad did not want to come to the village.
He encouraged the youth to come forward to register for training in various fields for their own benefit and the department will try to improve this training center so that it can be used for provide many services for the people of this area.
On the other hand, Dr. Andrea Shylla (PT) Senior Physiotherapist, said that the Physiotherapy Course has been implemented for the first time in the district at the North East Adventist University which has started since
The empowerment of the ASHAs, Sony Kharjana, said that in the past few months in meetings with the government authorities, they have been replied that the ASHAs are not united in their demands because the ASHAs have in Lum Garo they don't know anything about their demand.
I believe everyone, as well as my patients.
And one of them said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.
The Dhyan Foundation will be responsible for arranging for the transportation of the cows to the home in Saitsama at its own expense.
There have been 2,786 new cases today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,10,7
It also worried the government authorities who are struggling to develop the tourism industry as a factory which can employ people as well as generate income and improve the income of the people of the state.
“If others speak, I shouldn't interrupt and if I speak, no one should interrupt me especially in public places,” said Prestone.
He said that after the group had sent it to the EC, they immediately sent it to all the MDCs for their opinion but no opinion was received.
Man seeketh peace, but peace fleeth away: for the sword remaineth in the sword.
Nongpoh, July 11: The residents of dozens of villages from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem have faced difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road. you're looking for you.
In addition, there is a rule that foreigners or companies cannot mine coal by signing agreements with land owners.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, the Chief Guest, recalled that this day is also the Children's Day which is the birthday of Jawaharlal Nehru. the Children’s Day, because he had a special affection for children, where they always called him, Mama.
Of course, as mentioned above, we can’t compete with other states in terms of population.
The district administration has enacted Section 144 of the CrPC to ban the transportation of goods weighing more than 40 MT. The trucks were from Assam, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura.
Shortly before the festival of sacrifice to his father, Zeus, Heracles put on that robe.
" said Riia again.
Following the strike by the SSA teachers, the Union of Teachers under the banner of MUPSTA will hold a mass teachers meeting on November 3 at Asanang, Tura, West Garo Hills.
She appealed to the parents of these students not to worry for their children as the school still has two or three floors inside the grounds to hold schools and to promote class taking.
The state has sent two MPs to the Lok Sabha from two seats, Shillong and Tura.
Israel has also prepared the Swar Army with tanks to enter Gaza from the countryside.
He said that yesterday while he was in New Delhi, he learned that the Government of India has released T.68 crore to Meghalaya.
Through the exhibition day, it was seen that the people of the area took part in the exhibition of their agricultural products, which they have cultivated and at the end of the programme, a distribution of prizes to those farmers who have the most diverse and largest crops, compared to other crops.
This pollution of the Lukha River has caused a great deal of trouble to the people especially to the children who don't know the sky and the earth. skin diseases, other diseases.
Oh, surprisingly, in the past few years, there have been more than 6 posts and thousands of Khasi Jaintia and Garo have fought for 6 posts.
About 40 to 55 Shiv Sena MLAs, led by Eknath Shinde, who came out to fight against Uddhav Thackeray, went on vacation to stay at a hotel in Surat, Gujarat; Then they moved to Guwahati and are now in Goa.
Regarding the demand of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on 30th July to hold another inquiry at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Rourkee on the collapse of the new Legislative Assembly. The Assembly Secretariat has nothing to do with the selection of the teams. He said that the Assembly Secretariat has nothing to do with the selection of the contractors. to conduct an investigation into the collapse of the roundabout.
This means that the illegal mining of coal will continue, but the illegal mining of coal will continue because there will be no one to stop the illegal mining of coal.
First was the Syeim Bormanik of the Shyllong Hima who went to occupy the land at Dimur where the officials of the British East India Company had set up a camp to collect illegal taxes in
Immediate changes in management are needed.
The union is still waiting for a reply from the Union Minister and is confident that its wishes and those of all the students of the state will come true, the statement said.
“There is only one person in the struggle, so we should not look back on the past, but we should work together for the good of the constituency.
Speaking to media, Hek said that since the beginning of the outbreak in the state, from June 2020 to July 2021, children under the age of 14 years who have been infected with There have been 5101 confirmed cases and 17 deaths.
At the same time, the President of the VPP said that the most important thing is for the people to turn out in order on the polling day.
The first coming was in the flesh, born in the flesh.
At this meeting, the residents and various groups of residents discussed in detail the principles and documents prepared by KAM Meghalaya and this has been a blessing and will continue to improve them. .
The funeral service will be held on Wednesday, October 11, 2023 at 1 pm at the Sohkha Presbyterian Church.
These facts have come to light today after the heavy rainfall which lasted for about 3 hours in which the water has flooded in Nongpoh town until the people have been stranded in coming and going.
Also present on the occasion were the Additional Deputy Commissioner (Election) B.Blah, ADC Smt.
The support from the political parties in the State will strengthen us to serve Meghalaya and its people.
Adelbert was accompanied to the High Court by members of the ARPA, including KHNAM leaders, and was escorted outside the High Court by members of various political parties including the HYC, HNYF, HANM and others.
Shillong: Police in Ri-Bhoi District, have arrested 70 boxes of drug soap worth T.5 crore.
“This shows that it was wrong on this matter, so they tried to hide those involved in authorizing the police to shoot dead the former Rangbah Leader of the HNLC. Until the investigation is completed, we urge and request us to explain to the public not to be quiet, we have done that and we have respected your request, please respect us now by announcing publicly The report of the investigation,” said the statement.
According to these Homeguard Volunteers, there are about 112 Home Guards Volunteers in West Jaintia Hills District who have already worked for 280 days at a cost of T. tyngka per day, but until now the remaining salary is about 30%, some of them have 20 thousand tyngka and some have 30 thousand tyngka.
On the 20th of this month, his wife and children lodged a complaint at Tura Police Station but no trace has been found.
In the past years, it has tried to improve, but it has not been able to stand up for many reasons,” said Conrad.
I hope he will carry the voice of Garo Hills and the region for development,” said Oram, who speaks Dkhar.
Regarding the Medical College, the MLA said that as one of the 112 Aspirational Districts in the country, Ri Bhoi District has the right to receive it and he will take care of this until it is completed. for the benefit of the youth of the district and the state as a whole.
Due to the curfew in Shillong and other problems, there has been a lot of misunderstanding among the people in Shillong and especially in the rural areas of Ri Khasi Jaintia. unfortunately.
He also spoke on several programs of the Government to curb climate change including sewage and waste management, to stop the use of plastic, to use electric vehicles to reduce air pollution. to clean up the forests through preaching and others.
The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) or the Uniform Civil Code to be implemented throughout the country regardless of religion or customs which the citizens still follow today.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, today inaugurated the Ryndia Jain House for the Longkmie who have earned their living by making Ryndia clothes. It was built for the use of Longkmie in Mawlong Umden, Ri Bhoi.
The ceremony was led by the Rangbah Shnong of Sawmer Upper Shillong, Bah Moris Shabong who met Conrad K Sangma at his residence in Laimershiteng.
Aakriti Chen, Miss Shillong 2019, was also honoured.
JOWAI: The Additional Deputy Commissioner and Returning Officer, Jowai, on Tuesday said that according to the order of the Government to avoid being cheated on the polling day, voters who have received EPIC have been requested to vote. from the Election Commission of India, that they should bring them with them to the Polling Station on the day of polling.
Nongpoh: U Pastor JR Makdoh, one of the prominent pastors of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod, has passed away at 2 pm this morning after suffering from a sudden illness. When the family members of the pastor tried to take him to hospital, he died on the way.
MACS will celebrate World AIDS Day tomorrow 1st November 2023 at 11 pm at Polo Ground, Shillong followed by the 'Red Ribbon Superstar Meghalaya Icon' campaign and the theme of this year is “ Let communities lead.
From the road, the traffic jam, the traffic jam inside the market is excessive and the footpaths are filled with people selling.
“At present, this road is no longer a National Highway because there are many internal roads.
“Clean governance for the residents without discrimination is my goal,” said Bah Anthony.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) on Tuesday requested the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State to punish Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) according to the rules. his unfounded allegations against the party.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills has decided not to accept or recognize the snaiap villages in Jaintia Hills especially those in the border areas.
In other matches of the day, Brentford beat Chelsea 2-0, West Ham United beat Everton 3-1, Fulham beat Brighton 3-1 Newcastle United beat Wolves 3-1, Tottenham Hotspur beat Crystal Palace 3-1 and Aston Villa beat Luton 3-2 .
Kymprup Upper Primary School Sahsniang A' was established in 1998 by the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong. of the school building next to the present school.
Ms Sawian received praise from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek for the dedication of the doctors to provide services to the people especially the spirit of responsibility on the part of the PHCs. they have to spend money too.
So, he tracked down a man as he was asked to complete the attack 'mission' assigned to him.
East Khasi Hills Police on Monday night arrested two members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) from Sohra on suspicion of involvement in the incident. The recent murder of two foreigners in Ichamati village, Shella Block, East Khasi Hills.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow at Sohra at 12.00 pm and after that the body will be laid to rest at Shella at 3 pm.
) run by the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) under a Government agreement to provide training for existing teachers to obtain a qualification in accordance with the requirements of It is to be recalled that there are 7822 teachers who have been sent to complete the training through NIOS in the years 2013-2015 and 2015-2017 (Offline) funded by the Central Government. bad State Government.
In addition, the Mass Talent Identification Program will continue to search for players who have this skill.
It is also a frequently visited road by central government officials such as the President, Prime Minister as well as because they visit the ALG (Advance Landing Ground) of the Army at 7Mer.
Samlin, who won from the HSPDP in the 2018 election, left before the election to join the NPP and has now contested as the NPP candidate. They criticized the words used by other candidates and leaders during the election campaign in Sohiong because they have underestimated them.
The first objective of the party is to restore peace and order in Khanduli and Block-I areas when the party leaders will try to talk to the party leaders and Waheh Shnongs of Karbi via phone on the issue. the need to hold a peace talks between the Pnars and Karbi.
Welcoming these leaders, Miani said that the youth in Garo Hills know and see that there is no other leader, except Dr. Mukul Sangma.
One day he went hunting again and, without hesitation, suddenly a big and tall dog (which was a bsein) dragged him into the Bir and he disappeared immediately. .
Four persons were arrested and explosives were seized from a Bolero Pick Up ML 11 3432 including 4500 gelatin sticks, 4000 detonators and 4 tops/drums of oil. diesel 200 liters each.
The SEIAA has explained in detail the requirements to be met before deciding whether or not to issue Environmental Clearance to factories.
The report said that the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has wanted to remove Bah Pynshngain N Syiem from the post of CEM and appoint a person close to him.
However, when the police chiefs went to arrest him, they did not know whether he shot with a small or heavy gun at the police because he fled and they could not arrest him on that day.
“Therefore, I appeal to the people that the way now is for you to vote for the NPP candidate Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh,” he said. Ma Vincent Pala for the past 15 years.
“Their allegation that the state government has not taken action is wrong because the state government is eager to hold peace talks with the HNLC,” he said.
In this regard, it is necessary for the residents to think carefully, because to blame the village headmen, the hima rulers and those above the law, does not make sense if the residents do not work together.
This is the biggest and most difficult challenge facing these two States today.
Citizenship of India is mentioned only in Part II and in Articles 5-11 of the Constitution.
The sign has now appeared that the end of the Gentiles will come.
Expressing his opposition to the rules set by the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum said how can people set rules for the government?
The Minister said this while talking to media after the opening of the 3rd Farmers Parliament which was held as part of the celebration of the Farmers' Day in the State.
Shillong, Lber 20: Four people have lost their lives and 29 others have been injured in a cyclone in West Khasi Hills on Tuesday.
The four arrested include two men and two women as well as two juvenile females.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister in charge of Sports as the Chief Guest.
To fall from the level we have risen is very sad, the Khasi people have risen in the level of education.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on July 23, 2013, said that according to initial information, it has been confirmed that the collapse of the 10 meter wall of the new construction of the PA Sangma Stadium. ha Tura, which collapsed on July 22, was due to a blockage in the water supply system.
The Esports Federation of India (ESFI), which organizes the NESC, will now prepare for a friendly against the best CS:GO teams from other countries for the Top-G. their participation in WEC 2023; The tournament will be held in Lasi, Romania.
It cannot be said that all students are stupid, but teachers should find ways to alleviate the difficulties of students learning.
The issue was raised by the MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, in the KHADC Dorbar today, where he said that these kinds of announcements have been made without permission. They have received a No-Objection Certificate from the Municipal.
However, the Government has not yet responded to the complaints and demands.
Free medicine distribution and screening tests for Tuberculosis (TB) and other diseases were also conducted.
“On his expectations for the new Government under the leadership of the NPP, he hopes that this Government will introduce various programs for the youth especially in the field of employment. seng jam, you don't see anything else.
There are those who say, “This is the time to look at all these things with compassion”.
Furthermore, Bah Wander Khymdeit appealed to the government authorities and leaders to create relief measures as at present this family has become homeless and in urgent need. the assistance of the government.
Once again I request the government to allow the citizens of the state to have the right to worship God freely as before.
After 1000 years it will be the end of the world.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 2,263 so far and the death toll has risen to 1,3
These players include:- Mary Christine Wriang (12 Khans), Calfari Warkhyllew (12 Khans), Jubinian Mylliemngap (12 Khans), Daniel Nongsiej (12 Khans), Valerian Marbaniang (12 Khans), Bansahnam Kyrpang Warkhyllew (12 Khans) , Edilbert laraplang Ryngdongsngi (12 Khan), Teiboklang Marbaniang (12 Khan), Pynnehbor Mylliemngap (13 Khan), Jeffry John Nongdhar (13 Khan), Blaseibok Kharbuli (13 Khan), Alfred Watklet Riahtam (13 Khan), Aibor Syngkli (1 Khan), Pynsuk Sumer (14 Khan), Dauni Nongrum (14 Khan), Paul Ronghang (14 Khan), Angelus Sun (16 Khan).
After working as a draftsman he decided to join the church ministry and trained at the Evangelical Baptist Fellowship Bible College in Glasgow. the Seamen's Chapel in Glasgow and preached the gospel there.
Jai Shri Ram.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma said the government has not stopped to revive the factory.
All the leaders should be on hand to watch the night and think about whether it is midnight.
Babu Oberlin Marbaniang was elected President of AMSSATA Nongstoin Block, Babu Shembor Langrin was elected as Secretary, four office bearers and eight Executive Members.
These households have been left behind to receive schemes like PMAY (BPL houses), NREGA (Job Cards), Ration Cards, IHHL (Latrines), Pensions and others because no one has taken action to help them in their livelihoods. field.
Assam Police in collaboration with New Bongaigaon GRP have successfully released two women at New Bongaigaon Railway Station who were sold to Haryana.
U Bah Sawkmie also denied that there has been any change in the post of CEM, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem due to the lack of attention to the allocation of T.133 crore to the MDCs from the central government.
Heavy rainfall along with cold weather has spread to Sahsniang, Mynksan and Khatkasla and no information has been received on the damage to houses.
The absence of the village leaders from Mukroh village to meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya recently has also raised doubts about the attitude of the NPP-led MDA government on the border issue.
In West Garo Hills District, 4 cases are from different armed forces, 3 cases are from Phulbari and 2 cases are from outside the state.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), today convened a meeting with the Managers of various Hospitals in the state, to ensure that there is an understanding in the working methods. not among the hospitals in the state.
The land use system should be changed according to the demands of the times.
The people who are true, the people who are right, The people who are involved in sniawsih sniawbha.
“It is sad to see that the Minister will be surprised because he has not slept and ordered the implementers of this project to submit a report.
SBU investigators identified the soldier as Oleksandr Igorovich Matsievsky, 42, a sniper of the 163rd Battalion of the Chernihiv Region. , located in the northeast of Ukraine.
The center has been constructed at a cost of Rs 1.8 crore.
The JSM Western Region on Saturday elected and confirmed the new office bearers of the JSM Thadlaskein Circle at a meeting held at Orchid Thadlaskein.
The Director also expressed her desire to open the PHC so that the people of the area can benefit.
Shillong: The State Election Committee (SEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today approved the MDC election manifesto
The Government has already approved the Education Policy recently and it now needs to make rules on this.
The churches cannot be saved but only by the blood of Jesus, those who have washed their robes in the blood of the Lamb.
Speaking on the appointment of Chairman, Co-chairman and Vice Chairman of the government by the winners of the elections and party workers as well as MLAs in boards, councils, cooperation and other departments. Ardent said that this is just a waste of public money to please some people close to the government.
The Amicus Curiae said that as Meghalaya is a transit route for drugs from neighboring countries or to neighboring countries, there has been a drug trafficking and still Recently, a soldier from Imphal with the rank of Major was arrested for drug trafficking.
He said that public awareness on road safety by knowing and understanding the rules of driving is necessary.
Bahun Sohbar, the owner of the house, said that the incident happened while she was at PHC Shallang to visit the house. and there was no man in the house.
When asked how he says that the holy era and the past have disappeared from the youth and society, Bah Nongrem said, “When I was a young man, every In the villages, the youth respect the elderly and do not hesitate when they are sent to do any work whether it is household chores and others”.
This is according to a statement issued by the General Secretary of the MBA, Bah Donald Steven Wahlang.
However, after the arrangement, the police continued to seize these urban vehicles and lined up the shriak at Umshyrpi.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik on Friday said that the state government should request from the central government. to move forward with the demand for the Meghalaya Residents Safety and (Amendment) Bill,
Also present at the meeting was Bah George B.Lyngdoh, son of (L) Bah EK Mawlong who gave his greetings and words of encouragement to the people of Umroi Constituency.
Do we really appreciate this freedom and at the same time we wonder and doubt that in this age of freedom is just a stone's throw away? It should also be remembered that we are celebrating Independence Day in the midst of the pandemic and it is the heaviest responsibility to save the country from the devastation of the pandemic.
Tikrikilla: The TMC Leader, Dr Mukul Sangma, who is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has opened an office and confirmed its office bearers in Tikrilla. flocked by thousands of people.
Another winner in the athletics category was Marso Kyndait from Sabahmuswang.
Not only that, he also set up a school at Umpih Road in Ri Bhoi District as a way to open for those children who come from poor families to get education.
Speech was delivered by former Waheh Shnong Pdianghun Dkhar who said that it is through this scheme that the village has received development works such as footpaths and others and he hopes that through this scheme drinking water wells for the benefit of the residents.
However, although the Sengbhalang has a feeling with the intention to go to encourage and to see for themselves the problems of the residents in these areas.
On the other hand, the unions strongly supported the MLA's demand to the PWD department of the government to sanction the footpaths for more than 1 kilometer and Intermediate along the road.
He said the government should request for mini buses to operate in the state, as small four vehicles are not strong enough to carry passengers in the hilly areas of the state.
Chairman of JHADC and MDC of 29-Bataw Lakadong Constituency Dr Sankey Shangpung has started the distribution of items received under the SAG scheme for the years 2019-20 and 2020-2 the day to the people of the area.
Rev AC Moore who is also the pastor in charge said that the church would like to congratulate and thank all the people who have taken part in the tragic events that have happened to the church as a whole.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Bah WK Kharbuli, explained briefly about the theme of the day and encouraged the cow farmers to cooperate with the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department of the Government as it is necessary. It is difficult to have an understanding for the development of income in all aspects.
For the Dawki and Sohra areas, the Assam government has provided motor cars to transport the soh to Guwahati, but these too have not carried much (war vehicles abandoned by the French).
Fruits and vegetables in this diet.
Replying to the demand submitted by Dr. Khongjee, Alphons said that he will study carefully and whatever the government can do, it will do.
“The policy has been formulated not by the government but by the residents, students and teachers for the development of the country. par of the country.
They should stop committing crimes for the benefit of the entire state”.
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “We have already talked to everyone and the matter is now in court.
Stories about it have spread far and wide, but no one dares to enter the cave because they think it is just a rngai.
“Under the PPP mode, there will be rules and regulations with the agencies which we are discussing regarding the allocation of funds from the State Government as well, in some areas only the land will be allocated. Many seats will be filled by our people and the State Government will be able to give the students the choice to be held by the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 19: The Voice of the People Party on Monday recommended to the government not to pay compensation to the farmers who have been affected by Lumpy Skin Disease. death and the loss of meat and milk for these animals to eat.
Stressing on the need to turn to the youth of the state, the members of the union warned the university and demanded that it should immediately remove the foreigner and enroll only Khasi. in all contractual matters.
Jowai: Regarding the news published on 27/04/2020 in your newspaper published by the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF) regarding the criticism of Sahsniang village. On behalf of the Dorbar Shnong Sahsniang, we would like to clarify that we have not banned our fellow citizens from Mowjem, Mowlain, Thymmei, Skap, etc. in their commute for shopping or carrying groceries through our community.
At 10:30 pm, Rev.K.Pariat gave a sermon and special songs were performed by the Choirs including Thadlaboh Youth Church, Umsaw Khwan Youth Church and Umsaw Khwan Youth Church. Mairang Church, at 1:30 pm, the Standing Choir of the Western Synod Youth Assembly, the Standing Choir of the Eastern Synod Youth Assembly and the Choir of the Mustem Youth Assembly. .
Grocery stores should be clean and tidy, and should also provide good sanitation.
Shillong, June 29: The North East Indigenous Peoples Forum (NEIPF) has held a General Council meeting in Nagaland to revive the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line. Permit (ILP) in all States of the region and the implementation of the Citizen Amendment Act (CAA).
So far, all three leading leaders of the HYC, including President Roykupar Synrem on the 28th, Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh on the 30th and U Secretary Isaac W. Basawiamoit, who replied today.
“We hope that the people of Hynniewtrep will continue to respect Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa as a fellow human being,” he said.
These rules are not enough and other rules are imposed because he has nothing to fear for the sake of the country and the nation.
"Rupang has tried to get information on what he wants, but he has expressed some of his wishes, which is to restore or restore the Khaddar Sirdar of the raid, which is according to the the customs and traditions.
In this regard, the KSU also demands that the MDA government should implement the Roster System and not turn back which is the gain of one ethnic group and the loss of another.
The nurses decided at their meeting at Savio Hall, Dhankheti on Monday to give two months to the government to issue the result.
Earlier, two people were reportedly killed in a shop east of Paris, where one of the attackers held seven hostages with him. the shop.
ngit-ly-ngit: to speak too much or too little.
we must keep and maintain clean all the roads, paths, houses and so on.
Tathagata Roy, Governor of Meghalaya, in his condolence message, said, “I am deeply saddened by the untimely passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Up to 60 lakh tyngka was also seized in
He urged the members of the Seng to continue to fight for the nation in the face of violence and violence from the Central Government through laws against the welfare of the region.
It may be recalled that the Congress party has already completed all the work related to the invitation of applications for those who wish to contest the mid-term MDC elections. HDR Lyngdoh is the only candidate from Sohiong, except for Nongkrem constituency where there are two Lambor candidates. Malngiang and Mr. Lambor Nongrum.
Until now, the Governments of Meghalaya have not been willing to stand up for Dispur and Delhi.
Although the team was relegated from the I-League in 2019, this time they are looking forward to fighting hard to return to the top flight once again with the support of the public.
“We also have 10 polling stations that have web casting or live broadcasting of the polling station,” said the CEO. vote for the people.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Central Body of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FDA) under the leadership of Samla Marbud Dkhar today met with the Director of Postal Service, Joseph Lal Rinsailova at his office. work for you.
Such allegations are for the candidates to allege to write other candidates but will not enter the public.
They will be held throughout the Shillong Municipality, Cantonment, Mawlai C&RD Block, Mawpat C&RD Block and Mylliem C&RD Block.
When the AVBP showed the list of those who have been selected, it did not show the list of STs, which showed that the appointment was only for the Unreserved Category. different groups on Social Media.
Dr. Lyndoh and the farmers have encouraged them to cultivate a lot of riewhadem and in order to market this product, they will work with the Department of Fishery and Veterinary Department, said Dr Lyngdoh.
There were six people in the vehicle, three men including the driver and three women including a 2 year old child.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJHA) has announced that in case of death of a believer from the corona virus, the Presbyterian Church can provide a burial ground for the deceased. According to doctors and other authorities, there is no danger of burying such people in church cemeteries.
When he saw the persecution of the Khasi at that time, he did not hesitate to watch the persecution of Harry English, who held the rank of Assistant Political Agent in the British Court.
According to a statement issued by Bah Hubert Marwein, according to the RTI report, the investigation by the Block Development Officer of Umling C&RD Block has been conducted. Bul Lyngdoh as Chairman and former Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Silvester Mynsong as Secretary and Madhuri Sweetly, who signed the names of Job Card Holders in the Register of Muster Roll. It was also found that they had already stolen the salary of the Job Card Holders, but without distributing the money to these Job Card Holders. Job card holders 4203, 4817 and 4818 have not received their salaries.
In the second division, Sohryngkham SC beat Sohiong SC 0-2
He said that so far, 31 people have been arrested in connection with the incident.
There are also journalists who have completed their studies related to journalism.
The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and MLA from Sohra Constituency, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem, on Tuesday said that it is not appropriate to question what the former leaders have done in the past on the Reservation Policy. the independence of the State in
Shillong, July 30: To improve the NH and village roads, the Sadar Police Department has announced that vehicles will be redirected from Hopkinson Road, Jacob's Ladder Road and Boyce Road in the first month of July. rymphang before starting school again.
Sailung Ialong SC beat Luti Tuber Ialong 4-1 in the first half. Banshan Pale scored the first goal for Sailung Ialong SC in the 10th minute. Casper Lhuid in the 18th minute, Dauruhi Pale in the 44th minute and Mewanpynshai Dhar in the 78th minute.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday said that the State Government will hold a meeting next month to discuss the question sent by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). regarding the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill,
The answer here is – “the world here will never end”.
The training is part of a program funded by the World Bank through the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency, Shillong.
The search operation of vehicles and two-wheelers for violating the Motor Vehicle Act will continue and strict action will be taken against those who violate the Motor Vehicle Act, said the SP. Shillong, Naitung. 20 : The State Government has decided to acquire 50 acres of land at Nongdiengngan known as Nongmahir Pond, Ri Bhoi District for the purpose of turning it into one of the most famous tourist destinations in the state.
“We have taken this step so that when the meat market reopens, the people will not hesitate to buy meat, and they will buy it with peace of mind, because it is still fresh. well this is the doubt of the people.
In Nartiang constituency, Sniawbhalang Dhar has been re-elected as MLA after defeating the INC candidate Emlang Laloo by 2023 votes.
In the fourth match, Mawreng Sports Club beat Kynton-U-Mon 1-0
Referring to the match between the two teams, it was not very pleasant for the spectators, especially for Shillong Lajong FC as Laban SC once again scored the first goal of the match. Rangdajied United FC, who lost to Rangdajied United FC, had only three indigenous players in the First XI, including Pynshongdor Shadap, u Lyngdoh and U-18 player Aplang Buam were replaced by Bickyson Kharkongor and Keronald Pyngrope.
At the same time, he said the MDA government has completed 100 days now and will be determined to provide better services to the people of the state.
It is understood that no complaint has been lodged with the police, but the body of the deceased has been burnt without informing anyone. hi yourself.
“We are happy that Vinay Katiyar will speak against our leader,” said Jop Shylla.
“Since the morning of the second day, the road has not been cleared.
What answer can we give to those who do not understand its meaning and how do we mislead the minds of those who are young?
Strongly opposing this, Bajop admitted that if Assam is allowed to flood, more than 35 villages will be flooded due to the loss of farmland.
Those involved include Enshon Lamare, Richard Kharpuri and Mary Nonghuloo.
In the new increase, they will receive T.1,03,300 and household rent T.19,000, a total of T.1,22,3
In the final match of the day, 4th Mile Kick Start Academy scored three goals and three points without having to leave the field. The Challenger Academy did not come to announce or be present for the match.
Even in the midst of many kinds of threats from the border guards and the foreigners who have understood the strength of the enemy, the children of the Bri U Hynniewtrep without fear and without the slightest fear have sacrificed their lives. for a free future, a bright future and a future where they can live in dignity.
Shillong: The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, the Minister of Law, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh, today met with the civil society organizations in Garo Hills. was held in Tura.
However, we understand that the truth will never die and no power in the world can destroy it,” the report said.
These factories have been set up without public notice and the people are in the dark whether these factories comply with the environmental regulations.
The meeting was conducted by Deihok Sumer, President of Rumshnong Youth Club Bataw and a short speech was delivered by Skem Sumer, Waheh Shnong Bataw who encouraged the club leaders to hold this tournament in Shnong and the whole area.
“This has affected their services to the people as there are cases when they have to pick up people up to three or four times a night,” said Bah Roipar.
Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Alantry Dkhar was the chief guest in the presence of the President of the Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association. Larry Lorenzo Warjri, parents and relatives of these kickboxers.
This is the first time that the people of Meghalaya have had such an opportunity to promote their products abroad, and this is through the leadership of the state government.
Therefore, KHNAM urges all Bhalang and political parties to force the government with one voice so that our youth will not lose their jobs,” said the Vice President of KHNAM. Well Thomas Passah.
This shows the increasing desire of people to travel to different places that have never been in the country," she said.
Therefore, the union after inspecting the factory alleged that it found that there were children who were employed in the factory.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: Pastor Senborly Diengngan has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court against the Meghalaya Government for violating the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act, The Indian Christian Marriage Act, 1872 is the law on the marriage of pastors.
High Court Judge SR Sen recently announced that the Rangbah Shnong or Khlieh Nongsynshar can no longer issue syrnod because they are not recognized by the Mookhep. law.
Shillong is the capital of the country.
After the incident, the residents of the area informed the Nongstoin Police Station, where the police rushed to the village and found the body. death of this longkmie.
The protest was launched against the stingy and deceitful behavior of the Health Department against the village leaders of Mawryngkneng area.
However, to come to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA government of Conrad Sangma, that is, which has a far-reaching and far-reaching purpose.
Meanwhile, Rahul wants to talk to DD Lapang personally to withdraw his resignation letter, but it is understood that Lapang has refused to meet him. Rahul's spirit.
The incident happened at about 10:55 pm near Don Bosco Technical School in Laitumkhrah while the student was trying to cross the road.
NEC Secretary Ram Muivah, in a meeting with reporters today, said that the NEC has received very little in the past few years.
“Rocky is not my brother-in-law,” said Hek.
“However, the opposition has said the same thing by saying that this is the color of the colour, the colour of the colour, until everyone has to believe that it is the color of the colour. it won't work that way" he said.
“Even though I am a politician, I would never forget the people, if it weren't for Bah Sanbor of Laban Constituency, which is a general seat where other people can also contest elections. “I have been able to convict the enemy of our people, who has filed a case against the District Council,” he said.
“Since I was an MDC, I have suggested to send proposals to the government to do something but no one has done anything,” he said.
When asked whether the BJP leaders will come to campaign in Meghalaya, Conrad said he cannot say whether they will come or not but the important thing is for the leaders. from the villages and areas that can work and bring about change.
The world has become increasingly polluted and jobs are scarce.
“We must be kind like the bread broken to help others, as the Holy Father proclaimed the day of the poor, so we must be kind to the poor as we love Jesus in the Holy Eucharist,” he said. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The HSPDP will hold a public meeting at Malki Square on the 12th of November from 11 am.
Chanky Shadap, who was involved in the rape of a 14-year-old girl on 25th November
The damage to this road was due to the overloading of coal trucks until the bapli bridge collapsed.
We must also understand that the ancestors of the Khasi people knew and understood the origins of the people who descended from their fathers.
“On the part of the Rangbah Shnong of Sohphoh, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, he said that these people involved in the petrol bomb blast at the residence are trying to commit some crime and this has shocked the state as a whole. .
Similarly, politics and religion must go hand in hand to bring about a clean and transparent government.
Finely L Pariat, General Secretary of the MAA, in a statement, urged those who wish to participate to register their names at the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
SHILLONG: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KJBWA) has announced that it will continue to stop the purchase and slaughter of cows until the government can resolve its demands to stop the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
He said that the complaint he has received from the Shillong Cantonment Lease Holders Association (SCLHA) through their letter dated 19th October has been suspended. year.
The quarter final on the 17th will be between Syndai and Nongtyngur at 2.30 pm.
Besides the memorable wooden bridge, the 85 feet high wooden viewing platform overlooking Bangladesh is another memorable feature.
This is one thing that discourages a lot of young people.
Meanwhile, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh has not yet had any talks with the EC leaders of the party and is still waiting for the syrnod President. from leaders from Delhi and thereafter he can go ahead with the process and form his EC.
Therefore, they have taken responsibility to demand from the government through the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) West Khasi Hills, that the government should upgrade the Sub Health Center at Kyrshai to a sub health center. Primary Health Center so that the people can get adequate health care.
The Director General of Police (DGP) and the East Khasi Hills Police have personally phoned the Superintendent of Police (City) Patna and East Khasi Hills Police. ) East Patna on receiving information spread on social media that two religious leaders from Shillong in Bihar have been shot dead.
He said that the Municipal Board does not have any witnesses to prove its intention to remove the kharmetor from the area and therefore, it has sent a notice to the residents of the area, that they should leave. inform them of their residence and after that, that it will expel them from that place.
Assam Regiment beat Assam Regiment 3-1 in the semi final of the 2nd leg of the second leg on Tuesday at New Stadium. Nonstop.
The Seng Khihlang has done the right thing by appealing to all of us who hold fast to our religion that from now on we should no longer be deceived or deceived by the Agents. Shilliang sea who are enslaved to the foreign thoughts and beliefs of the holy religion.
He was one of those who came forward to praise because he had received help from outside, he wanted to share and we asked him to go through the DC's office and he did.
When asked where these foreigners came from and where they went, the union did not give the right answer.
“I am grateful for all the departments that the Prime Minister has entrusted to me because when we work we will work for the people,” he said.
Police are conducting investigation.
How to apply for Meghalaya MPSC Recruitment 2019Candidates are to apply and submit their applications through online mode only by clicking on the “Online Application" icon appearing in the MPSC website viz www.mpsc.
Babiangmon Lapang from Mawphrew, Ri-Bhoi District, who lives in agriculture, expressed her happiness on being invited to Delhi to witness the celebration.
He said the NPP is now in the midst of preparations for the victory of the NPP candidate in the Lok Sabha and Autonomous Legislative Assemblies. District Council.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday held a short meeting to express its strong opposition to the nomination of Rahul Gandhi. as a member of the Lok Sabha.
The agreement between the two groups is that Kurdish troops should join Syrian troops to guard the Syrian border.
As part of the efforts to track down the militants involved in the recent Poonch attack, police have deployed heavy weapons, bomb disposal teams and sniper dogs to track down the militants. who were involved in killing the soldiers.
She said that they have been going to the BDO's office to get assistance as provided by the government for the refugees who have been affected by this incident but the BDO's office has refused. There are many reasons why you shouldn't change from one time to another.
He said that this is one of the largest schemes given to the farmers after they have suffered from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Speech was delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, who advised the KSU youth to continue to work together with the Dorbar Shnong.
He gives us food and drink.
He said that especially during the rainy season, this road is flooded in all parts of the PWD road and the deterioration of this road has caused many passengers to drive vehicles. they fell down and there were spirits who were injured.
This means that both Laitkor and Mawlai need only to draw to retain first place in their table.
The Complainant admitted that Respondent No 14 was the Chief Executive Officer.
The BJP has said that the minister has remembered the issue now that he is in the opposition. Ministers in the UPA-II government have done this.
The NPP is leading the government in the state with the support of the UDP, PDF, NCP and BJP. midterm elections.
“I have come here to tell you that the TMC is the only party that can provide a good service government and help achieve the dreams of the youth, students. bad that Kyn thei.
At the ceremony, the MLA also honored three people who have achieved prominence in the society.
Dr Anil Banwala, Deputy Director, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Haryana, today visited various farms and confirmed that there is a high death toll of cows in Barwala due to the of disease, completely unknown.
The awards were divided into Homestay, BNB & Guest Houses, Travel Enterprise, Architecture, Food, Grassroots Heroes and Cultural Ambassador.
The meeting was organized by the Government through the Agriculture Department and was a success with the participation of the officers and other employees of the Department.
Therefore, as civil society organizations, they should ensure that when conducting any protest programme, they should ensure that their members do not cause trouble and they should also ensure that those who take advantage of the village do not get involved. They are not allowed to take part in any protests because in the event of any protests, the responsibility will fall on the leaders of those organizations that call for protest programmes.
The incumbent won again in 2018 with a respectable victory.
The Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) will hold a penalty shoot out on the 22nd of November at Khliehtyrshi Stadium.
Shillong, November, 05: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma on Tuesday inspected and conducted a working meeting on the construction of the new Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
Shillong, March 25: The Executive Committee of Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong, Shillong, has strongly condemned the incident on the 23rd of this month on the blast of a petrol bomb by a foreigner near the office of the Nongrum Kur.
The road from Tonseng to Malidor has been badly damaged and it was found that the road has become filled with snow and ice which has affected the traffic of motor vehicles.
Some of them said that the reason why the state cannot produce athletes from the country is because the state does not have a proper Sports Policy to work for the development of the country. Sport in the state.
The Wife Life Protection Act 1972 should be amended otherwise it will be a curse before the man of God instead of a blessing especially to the farmers who are the righteous people of God. riew is far away from the village.
On this occasion, the MLA also requested the Minister to send engineers from the electricity department to provide electricity in the area and also to repair or replace the transformers which have broken down for the safety of the people. On the other hand, the Minister has taken note of the problems of the people of Jirang.
He said that they have already started grassroot level leagues for children in the U-10 and U-14 category which are ongoing.
The Seng also informed the Minister to urge the Forest Department which has set up a tax collection gate at Mookyndur village not to collect taxes from the vehicles carrying agricultural products from War Jaintia to the country. Shillong and also the JHADC as the payment of taxes by the farmers through these gates affects the income of the farmers.
The rules further state that the election campaign period or the curfew should be up to 72 hours before the polling.
Nongstoiñ, July 5: The KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit together with the residents of Mawphanlur village on Tuesday celebrated the Environment Day in Mawphanlur village by planting more than 300 trees. After the planting of trees in several places in the village which is also a popular tourist attraction, a meeting was held under the leadership of Samla Pynkhrawbor L.Mawnai Environment Secretary KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit.
Shillong, Lber 04 : Lawyers under the umbrella of the Shillong Bar Association have received a temporary certificate of employment adjacent to the Meghalaya High Court.
In the next match, Lumshyiap SC played against Smit SC, and the fight came from both sides but in the end it was Smit SC who scored the most goals. 2-3 goals to win the title.
People will inevitably fall in love.
He said that after this protest, they have already prepared the documents to submit to the central government which has explanations to show the rules that have made the Khasi language included in the fifth schedule of the Khasi language. ritual regime of the country.
Pharmacy or pharmacy Does not need medicines Does not need medical treatment.
The Indian government has recently placed the US NGO, the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids (CFTK), under the Prior Reference Category (PRC) – which states that any foreign donations to India needs to conduct thorough research and verification and obtain approval from the authorities before using it.
On the other hand, the party looks forward to all those who will attend.
There are 3 jlang ! The beloved has left, but the woman has not left at all. She stands there without moving because she is afraid of dying, because she still has another young man whom she still loves and she is happy that he is. shynrang u died so that she could love him again.
It may be recalled that two Ministers of Mylliem Hima together with the Syiem had apologized to the Dorbar last year and admitted that they had made a mistake by going to sign without the knowledge of the Hima. hima and at the same time in 2014 they sent a letter to the KHADC that they have canceled the agreement, but today in the Dorbar they have been criticized again and as was done in the KHADC Last year, they asked for forgiveness from the dorbar and the elders forgave them and now the Hima Mylliem has stood together with one voice against the KHADC to change the Law Adong to Law Lum. Exit.
As we always say HEALTH is WEALTH, health is the most important thing.
“It is through the use of this Cess fund that we have started to build new buildings and improve old schools and colleges,” said Minister Conrad K. Sangma.
Arun Rai has also been nominated from Sitamarhi, Md AA Fatmi from Madhubani, Dipak Yadav from Valmikinagar and Prof Kumar Chandradip from Madhepura.
It is believed that the incident has affected Indian students and the vaccine covaxin has been said to be 78 percent effective in preventing the spread of the disease. He said doctors around the world, including Dr. Anthony Fauci, Chief Medical Advisor to the White House, have said that covaxin is effective against 617 types of corona virus.
Referring to the Taro industry, Bah Pran said that the Taro industry is not an ingri but only a phan. legacy.
In his speech, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympic Association, informed the President of the IOA that Meghalaya has faced many difficulties in which it has had to change many activities due to the closure of the dam. The MSOA together with the DSYA have worked hard to save and hold the 3rd State Games in June 2020, the 4th State Games in June 2022 and The 2nd North East Games in November 2022 will be a tribute to the state and many construction projects have been completed and those construction venues are in different phases in both the venues. Shillong and Tura as part of the preparations for the National Games.
“Foreign people or parties want to rule Meghalaya but they force them to introduce CAA, NRC, bullets and corruption but I say that Meghalaya will be ruled by the people of Meghalaya and not by them. from Guwahati or Delhi and we don't operate from West Bengal either.
The public is requested to avoid streams and drive to flooded areas and also to avoid areas with electric posts to avoid injury.
As government, we welcome comments from all political parties.
However, the homeguards who guard the bridge to check this overload do not do anything because they also get 50 or 100 rupees per truck.
Therefore, it is interesting to see this drama between the MDA allies in the coming months, in connection with the MP elections. It may be recalled here that within the MDA there is the National People's Party. (NPP), United Democratic Party (UDP), Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), People's Democratic Front (PDF), BJP, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Independent.
This is why the first chapter of the law is on the safety of Women and Children.
However, the Assam government has provided well for the needs of the people whether it is schools, water supply, electricity and others.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, today said that the KHADC will not issue permission or NOC for the mining of the most valuable mineral in the world. Uranium.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today said that the government is preparing the necessary measures and is considering that through the Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC) all schools within the state.
He was also a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Provisional Government of Meghalaya in
If we the voters are stupid and don't understand, we the people will suffer, suffer, suffer and be punished.
The report, prepared by the Irish aid agency Concern Worldwide and the German organization Welt Hunger Hilfe, says the number of people in India is very high.
“How can we give the UC when the government has not released the money to us? The government of India has sent T.133 crore to the KHADC since 18th June, 2016 but the government has not yet released the money. The state doesn't release us, who can blame us,” said Antonio.
Four members of the group were taken to hospital.
It was in the year 1873 and in the outskirts of the Khasi Hills that a different kind of tree, a strange tree, appeared, which was different from others and would carry lyngkhung kit lyngkor to fame.
In the first 15 minutes of the first half, Sailung Ialong opened the scoring through Arwan Rymbai 15′.
The widespread release of smoke from these coke factories is like a war we have never seen before, it has affected our oxygen, birds and animals. They were in these forests, but now they are no more.
Media reports said that Bah Majaw had injuries to his head, but at the time of writing, the cause of his death is still unknown.
It was further reported that even Brad Pitt, 56, never distanced himself from his ex-wife.
The Union of Cooks cum Helpers PM POSHAN Meghalaya (UCCHPM Poshan) has lifted the strike and will start cooking in different schools. different from 7th November.
He said that since the law to ban benami does not work at all, the HNLC has to take the matter itself and warned these traders to stop their activities immediately. .
He said that the Mizo people living in these two countries have a desire to fall under one rule.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle today led a meeting with Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Samla Lurman B Talang. The SDO (Civil) Amlarem Sub Division has demanded the removal of all foreigners from the polling stations in the 7th Amlarem Constituency.
On June 28, the Maharashtra Legislative Council suspended its session after opposition MLAs caused trouble during the discussion on the issue of farmers' demands and the price of piat.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has taken action against the dewbilat factories which have promised not to implement the price of cement and clinker. has decided to hold an indefinite strike from 5.00 pm on the 6th of this month against the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills.
The union said that it will visit the area at midnight as it has received information that there will be a queue from 1 pm.
The President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, former MLA of Rambrai, blessed all the office bearers.
Nongpoh, July 14: As part of the efforts to facilitate the conduct of the work of the BJP in Jirang Constituency and also to strengthen the working methods of the party, the party today held a public opening ceremony. The office is located in Jirang Constituency.
Shillong: The 3rd Shillong Endurance Motorsport Challenge 2019 organized by the Shillong Endurance Motorsport Club in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) Shillong has come to an end on the 16th. Nov 2019.
There are also those who are waiting for the information.
The Director of Agriculture, Kong S Kharsati was the chief guest.
Jowai, Jymmang 12: The Myntdu River which surrounds the city of Jowai has caused problems to the residents of the city who rely on it to get government water from it.
" He spoke to another man in his heart.
There was also a performance and other entertainment programmes.
The election results were launched by Defense Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in Shillong in the presence of BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh, Tourism Minister KJ Alphons and Nalin Kohli. BJP Meghalaya and others.
Another way we should do this Christmas season is to reach out to others who are a blessing to those in need (yes, not only this season, but at other times), and also a meaningful and divine celebration that will reveal the true value of Christmas.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Bri Hyniewtrep (SRSBH) led by Bah RL Blah today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to discuss the issue of recruitment of youth. They are not traveling to other states of India especially those who have gone for treatment.
The meeting was also attended by DP Vidyarthi, CGM LPG, Indian Oil and Kalyan Nath, Divisional LPG Sales Head from Guwahati.
He said he wanted to show an example to make it easier for the people to understand, in which he said that MeECL has been used like a cow by the people in power and the leaders who have now in power.
All the people pray to you; I wish you a happy Kopati Puja, a happy Kopati Puja.
He said what will happen to their village and neighboring villages if such factories continue to come.
Many of them have brought food from home and come here to eat.
The house is located in Gambegre village, West Garo Hills.
How can we expel the Indian importers,” said the Umroi MLA.
After 25 runs without losing a wicket, Dipayan Nandi gave SCA-A hope but managed to score only two runs.
In this regard, the FKJGP leader said, if the Prime Minister knows that this is the case, why did he set up the High Level Committee on Influx (HLCoI).
He said that it has been difficult to bring peace in the villages which fall under the Raid Nongtung, Hima Khyrim, Hima Nongspung and Raid Marwet which are in conflict with Assam.
Nongstoiñ: The number of road accidents on the Nongstoiñ-Shillong highway has increased with the passing of the days. At 9:45 pm, a Sumo overturned in Nongshillong West Khasi Hills District, causing serious injuries to many of the passengers.
BJP MDCs Lakhon Biam, Krison Langstang, Jtreilang Suchiang and Dawan Lyngdoh will move seven motions for the Executive Committee to take into consideration for the benefit of the council and the people.
The KSU has also sent a special price to the Minister of Home Affairs and other Government Ministers including RK Singh in charge of Electricity, G Kishan Reddy in charge of DONER and others. According to the petition, the KSU said that NEEPCO was established under the North Eastern Council in 1976 and its Headquarters has been established in in Shillong with the aim of generating electricity from the rivers in the North East and to boost the income of the region.
If we cannot do anything at the moment what awaits us is only time.
We will all go to the grave or the place of burning.
Irene said that the action of the KHADC has been like an auction of the land of the people.
The residents of Umsning, Umsning, have been suffering from water shortage in these days and the expectation of getting drinking water from Khrum Diengiei may end only in nightmares because of the deadline to complete, ended this month without ur-long.
Ardent said the Prime Minister had promised to the group that the Search Committee has proposed some of the names as members of the Committee but the Committee is now trying to select the names to head the Committee. you are the Chairman.
This is also the first meeting of the Youth Wing after the election of its new office bearers.
On the other hand, Bah Ialam on 2nd June came to explain, and admitted that he had made a mistake because he did not provide the documents when supplying the cylinders, and without the knowledge of the Indian Oil Corporation. He also promised to return the money of the people and urged the people to return the gas cylinders to him.
“The NPP has now understood that only the VPP is the strongest party to contest.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Four persons have been admitted to Nazareth Hospital after being suspected of eating chow.
“Once we have received the letters from the land owners, they have given us their enthusiasm to build the road from Mawrap to Nongnam. “It should not be delayed but it should do what is necessary so that the work can go smoothly,” he said.
PMGKAY AAY rice is not distributed at 5 kilos per head in urban and rural areas.
Explaining the government's intention to introduce the amendment, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there has been a concern among the employees in the central government departments to exempt those who come to work here from the MRSSA. .
The Supreme Court on Tuesday suspended the order on 13th June after a complaint by Billinda Lapang, R Sangma, Pyllun Rangbah M Warbah and Nongsder Rangbah Welcome Shangpliang. force and evicted the inhabitants by force and destroyed the property.
The Coronavirus (COVID-19), which first originated in the city of Wuhan in China's Hubei Province, has swept the world, affecting tens of billions of people and killing hundreds of thousands of people. the soul of man is precious.
Sadon said the establishment of the Regional Council will protect the Hynniewtrep people and preserve the old customs and traditions.
They said that their visit to Shillong to meet the Dy.CEM was due to the delay of the Executive Committee in taking a decision on the demand of the Seng Samla Hima Langrin and the children of thousands to withdraw. Naitei Syiemïong as the Syiem of the Hima, on the grounds that the Seng Samla has already sent a letter to the District Council, which on their part, they said that these are the complaints. don't have a basis or a shisha.
When asked about the allegation, the former CEM said, “If we look at the numbers, we should have taken over since last year but we have taken heart and allowed the UDP to lead and the UDP has led for years now and they should have left the NPP for 1 year”.
In East Khasi Hills, 38 cases have been confirmed today including 2 cases from Armed Forces, 11 cases from High Risk, 2 cases from ILI, 1 case from Laban Cluster, 1 case from Laitumkhrah Cluster, 2 cases from Lamavilla Cluster. 2 cases from Lapalang cluster, 2 cases from Lawsohtun cluster, 1 case from Lumparing cluster, 5 cases from Lumpyngngad cluster, 1 case from Madanryting cluster, 2 cases from Mawlai Mawdatbaki cluster, 3 cases from Nongthymmai Lumbhalang cluster, 1 case from Police Bazar to ALL cases.
He also encouraged Bah PT Sawkmie not to hesitate and advised him that he is a hard worker and easy to meet.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Committee, Bah DD Lapang, said that the allegation that the committee is not working is not true but due to urgent needs, the Committee has held a meeting with government ministers and government officials recently.
In the competition for JUDO, Jammu won the first and second places.
In this regard, the full office bearers and supporters of Ma Lakhon Dkhar urge you not to be misled by some of the authorities released by the full office bearers of the Youth Wings UDP Pyllun Sohmynting.
Meghalaya, which beat Mizoram by 155 runs, managed to beat them by losing eight wickets.
Shillong, July 09: Filmmakers and producers from the state have expressed their dissatisfaction with the state government and vowed to ban the screening of the film 'Rock On!! 2', (which is a song film, which was shot in Shillong), in Meghalaya to protest against the government's discrimination.
“Then they will send this matter to the Committee which will visit all the States which have implemented the Sixth Schedule.
We wish you all a happy Seng Kutsnem.
National coach Pullela Gopichand said this was a great victory, especially after Prannoy had to play tough games throughout the past month.
It is for this reason that the government through the advice and the Health Department urges us to be vigilant and protect ourselves because as we see now this disease has started spreading to the villages across the state. and we cannot know who carries the disease as carriers.
The venue was filled with people who came to listen to the speeches of the BJP leaders and shouted slogans of support for the BJP and Modi.
He admitted that the breakdown of EVMs is only 5 percent in the country and in Meghalaya it is even lower.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said, “We accept his surrender but the government has not yet held a meeting to decide on his duties.
The tournament is also part of the selection process for the WAKO Children, Cadets and Juniors World Championship (All Discipline) in Italy to be held in 30 November – 09 March, 2022.
Headquartered in Shillong, the Positive Energy Art Foundation has not only worked hard to work around the world but is determined to improve the livelihood of the people.
According to the UDP leader in KHADC, it is understood that the party is still waiting for the CEM to hand over the EM seat to the UDP which currently has three MDCs. He will not take over the post of EM but will leave it to other MDCs from the party, which they will have to arrange.
To empower the Rangbah Shnongs once again, the KHADC has found that this is the most appropriate Act for them, so the Act has been introduced in the House and the District Council has passed the Bill. , after sending the bill to the state government through the DCA department to seek the approval of the Governor to enact the VAB, but at that time the DCA did not approve the bill and He said that there are shortcomings in the VAB which need to be improved especially that under the VAB there are provisions which are in conflict with the laws of the government.
“We would like to thank our Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma for taking the time to listen to these requests and demands of this group and also to give acknowledgment on behalf of James K. Sangma, Leader of Dadenggre Constituency, said:
So that we can serve better the region and the nation as well.
There could be charges against him, right?  No competent authority in power can dismiss contract workers or those who have been working for many years," Shukla said.
Friends, these words, “Woe to heaven and earth to the unthankful” are words I have taken from the story of 'The Man and the Fig Tree'
They expressed their deep sorrow and surprise that the government is ready to reopen the international border trade, while the situation of covid is still in danger. Even the inter district movement is still opposing the movement of the people of the country.
According to the World Heart Federation, about 20.5 million people have died from vascular disease.
Speaking to reporters, MPCC President DD Lapang said the Congress party will call Pala to hear what he has to say. “We will call him and report to the AICC. " said Mr. Lapang.
However, it is requested that the youth and brothers and sisters of the church of these two districts can come and take part in this program which is once every two years, said a statement from Samla Blassius Mawlong, President. , SACYM.Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) State Level has congratulated the Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, for launching the Arrear for the months of November to November 2016 (Four Months) before Christmas
If the State Government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister is willing to use force to mine uranium, the MLA said that it should first mine uranium. don't go to Garo Hills.
The party, which will be formed by the youths who have left the KSU, includes new members and all the members who have left the KSU, according to media reports.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Wankitbok Pohshna, a resident of Laitumkhrah, Shillong, has alleged that the authorities have not looked into the illegal construction of a house on the Municipal land at Goralane, Laitumkhrah.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, has ordered the demolition of 57 illegal coke factories in Shallang area.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The incumbent Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Madon Rymbai, on Tuesday said that the Congress will have the sole power in the JHADC. He said that up to 18 candidates have been confirmed to win the MDC election 2014 including him.
The Longkmie said that electricity has been provided through the BPL scheme, and there is no need for electricity in any part of the house, as there is no TV, fridge. , Heater and other electrical appliances and inside her house, there are only 3 Buld and that is why she is shocked that the electricity bill will reach T.4 thousand within six months.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The HSPDP Mawthadraishan Constituency Area Unit strongly condemns and opposes the behavior of MDC Bah Blandingstar Warjri against the party, its leaders and supporters. who labored body and soul to win him.
The Chief Minister's remarks came after the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma on the 6th of this month announced that the second round of border talks will be held in about a month. July or November this year.
On the day of the protest, the police had to use sticks to drive away the youths who tried to break into his residence. Chief Minister – N Biren Singh and plans to march in front of the gate of the Governor's residence.
I am filled with joy to score a podium finish in Race 2.
Today, the state government under the leadership of Eknath Shinde should have come forward to provide financial assistance to the farmers.
While living on earth, no one knew which Christians were wise and which were foolish (without the Holy Spirit).
When inquired, the SP said that Dominic was arrested on charges of inciting the crowd to throw stones at the office of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the night of the 24th. Several policemen were injured while some vehicles were damaged in the stone throwing and burning.
Schnellinger, who scored 10 goals before the end of the match to beat West Germany 4-3 in the semi-final against Italy at the 1970 World Cup. .
“I never knew these things.
People who have received the 1st dose and develop COVID-19 before completing the 2nd dose: The 2nd dose will be extended by 3 months after recovery from COVID-19iv.
The cause of the fire was due to an electrical short circuit.
The search for the injured and dead is ongoing and it is reported that there is one body trapped inside the MTC bus. Heavy rainfall in these days, according to the report.
Transparency in the registration of nominations is the primary objective of the Election Commission of India (ECI).
Shillong: The complaint of many social workers against non-native IAS officers has prompted the MLAs to bring the Budget in the Legislative Assembly on Monday.
Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the KJDSTA agrees with the decision of the Meghalaya government to delay the salaries of government employees as part of the fundraising to fight against the Corona Virus in the state.
Because not only the plague is in the world but there are billions of other terrible diseases that we cannot name, but when people suffer from many kinds of diseases in the world, remember that God himself does not forsake each person and heals them from all those diseases.
In this world, we need to compete with the elite especially in education so that we stand out.
The competitions will be of various types as follows: Hand drawing, meme making, letter to the PM, speech making, essay writing, short film , digital design, and twitter thread, all these competitions will be held under the MyNEP competition.
Today, two of the four members, Sagar Sharma and D. Manoranjan, entered Parliament to produce a stem and two others, Neelam Devi and Amol Shinde – entered the courtyard to produce red and stem smoke.
Shillong: Following the arrest of Bah Joannes Lamare along with his associates on suspicion of planning to form a new insurgent group in the state with the help of the NSCN(IM); The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that it is a matter of action when there are groups who intend to set up illegal activities in the state.
The house of Kong Rep was crowded from the living room, middle room, bedroom and a few people were sitting on the balcony.
Police also seized 11 boxes of heroin weighing 154.02 grams, four mobile phones, T.63,400/- and a Maruti Alto K1 ML-05-Q-1599.
The NPP candidate said that the campaign for him started when he contested the 2013 elections, then in 2018, but when he won in 2018 and won the He has been able to bring about many development projects, but in this year's election, there are many candidates, who have accused him of not doing anything for the people in Jirang.
He finished 2013 with 69 goals in 58 appearances and received the FIFA Ballon d'Or, which includes the Ballon d'Or and the FIFA World Player of the Year award for the first time in his career. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Meghalaya Housing Board (MHB) has yet to collect about T.22 crore from the people who have taken loans from the department to build houses.
The Chief Minister acknowledged that FOCUS is the largest program in the state which has been able to provide assistance to more than 4.5 lakh farmers.
The MCVU demands that the Traffic Department, the State and the District Councils of KHADC and JHADC should take action to stop the illegal operation of foreign vehicles without proper documents especially trading License.
Praising the working methods of the state government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, the HSPDP MLA said that he would like to praise in front of everyone that he is a humble person and thus expressed his gratitude. expect him to perform well if he gets another chance in the second season.
Sitting too much or children who are unable to walk and stand and spend too much time watching television, sitting in the middle of the night, playing video games or other electronic devices can lead to weight gain.
But, I say we should not doubt.
Rtn DF Majaw (PHF) was the Master of Ceremony and received welcome speeches from Rtn.
There was also a stir in Sohra as the people did not agree with the results of the vote.
This (money) will be used to build a well-known Coaching Institute which will be able to provide assistance and training to young people from the North East,” said the NEMP's Forum.
Class XII- Susanna Bessy, Wansame Pakyntein.
Neizekho scored 6/15 while Hem scored 4/2
The report said that the forgetfulness of senior leaders like Jairam Ramesh has cost the Congress a heavy price.
The union also expressed its regret that according to the UGC directive to Nehu University, within 6 months, they should fill the vacant posts in the university. Therefore, the UGC will withdraw the grant to help NEHU and this will cause many losses to the students.
Meanwhile, NEIGRIHMS Hospital said that a man named Dili Thapa, 60, resident of Barapathar, died at 7:10 pm today.
“It has been decided to set up a cow cabinet to protect cows in the state,” Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, tweeted.
However, after a while, police announced that they have arrested the 19-year-old suspect who knew one of the victims.
According to Dr Sahkhar, this is the first time that he has been invited to visit these states and the expenses have been paid by the central government as the state government does not have the funds.
The damage is estimated to be in the millions of dollars.
Switzerland had only 40 players left in the 13th minute when midfielder Remo Freuler was sent off for lymbub Gerard Moreno. .
The winners were 1. Sanborlang, 25kg, Male,
In the second innings, Marbisu beat Thangsning CC by 98 runs. Thangsning CC allowed Marbisu to tied first for 123 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in the 20th over. over.
The State Government and the Government of India should no longer accept that the demand for the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya is only the demand of the Sengbhalang. strongly support this Act which prohibits the illegal entry of foreigners and foreign authorities into Meghalaya.
Somja Phawa, Field Coordinator, said that since 2018 and throughout 2019, training has been given to the villages on WASH and hand hygiene, but it is only after the outbreak of COVID-1 begin to take heed to what they have been taught.
He said, “In this project, we have installed a cylinder carrier that is very efficient and also, which can adapt to the challenges encountered from time to time.
Chairman of the Election Committee of Saw Raid Bah Hilarius Pyngrope was also present on the occasion.
True, it was a great challenge for them to do so, but Naomi alone could not take care of them without sons.
Khliehriat, Naitung 4: The Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District today conducted an awareness program on Cyber ​​Crime. B.Jyrwa spoke on the fraud of many people who are victims of cybercriminals, as well as the fraud through CVV/OTP, the fraud of money. online (Money QR code/Link Google Pay/PhonePe/Paytm,) as well as services such as Google Docs App, OLX, eCommerce Platforms, Amazon Pay, Gift Certificate, Cashback Offers, such as through mobile apps and others. Other types of posts through social media, fraudulent promises of employment, fraudulent lottery winnings, fraudulent digital banking, the police chief urged parents not to Teach your children not to fall victim to such scams and teach them to avoid various types of dress codes through online, social media, WhatsApp, Facebook and others are known as cyber crimes.
Khliehriat, July 2: The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today inaugurated the Smart Interactive Panel at Little Star Academy. Secondary School Khliehriat and up to 40 schools in East Jaintia Hills District have received such opportunities to have smart classrooms to help children in education through the internet. technology.
Damang Syngkon won the gold medal at the South Asian Games in
The team will be led by coach Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh and manager M Warbah.
When asked whether the party will have to contest against the UDP which is in the government among others, the leader said that during the MDA-I government, they have contested in the elections and now. it will be the same.
Conrad said the TMC will not take time to expand in Meghalaya and the North East, as they do not understand the behavior of the people of this region.
Speaking at the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umthlong, Bah Tyllilang Mylliem Umlong, said that from time to time, the residents have written letters to the village to express their concerns regarding this land. The EC of the village has met with the MDC and the MDC has come to inspect the site and today is the day that it has been completed and soon they will start implementing the project. .
About 29 persons suspected of joining the rebel group have been arrested by the Assam police so far.
Bharat, which has just been released, has grossed Rs 42.30 crore on its opening day.
The villagers bapli.
He said that the dismissal was for political reasons.
The UDP has requested the PCF to support the UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh for the Shillong Lok Sabha constituency.
Multiple ways C-VIGIL can be used that can be successful.
In this regard, the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC) has taken the initiative to transform Gandhi Hill into a plastic-free zone.
Where and how is the future of the nation as a whole that even at this moment we are still among us as a nation, for many of these elected leaders, who themselves were unfounded.
It is to be recalled that the most violent protests were during the MDA number 1, and the newspaper on 1-11-22 wrote that the government has fined 50,000 each to the 157 teachers who were dismissed.
However , the crowd did not back down but stood firm to fight against them . In this incident , one of them was arrested while the others escaped , and the crowd bombed them dead .
This has put the state in shock and it was inaugurated by the Defense Minister Amit Shah on 24th November 2021 and the money was allocated by the DoNER department through the NEC. to appoint an investigation and punishment according to the law against the company, contractor and engineers in charge of the construction.
The funeral service will be held on the 29th of this month at the Presbyterian Church, Laitumkhrah at 12 noon.
Police immediately came to take the woman who was seriously injured and died while being treated at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
The committee will be held on 22.07.2020 at Seiñduli-I. This morning at 1 pm, the Ri Bhoi Police have seized a truck number CG-04-JD- 3183, which was carrying Ganja weighing about 500 KG, which the truck was carrying from Silchar and was intended to transport to Guwahati.
, NEHUTA, Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Officials of India and Bangladesh will meet in Shillong tomorrow to discuss how to preserve the wild elephants that cross the border from one country to another.
However, without considering the recruitment process of the Department, KHNAM expresses how the Department can know whether he/she is eligible for the job by asking only a few questions. in a matter of minutes.
The High Court has directed the Secretary of Transport to look into the matter and come up with a scheme to curb the number of overloaded vehicles.
The Meghalaya High Court on March 30 urged the State Government and the relevant authorities of the Airport Authority of India (AAI) to complete the survey at Umroi Airport for the construction of the airport. the airport within the next two months.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) South West Khasi Hills District (HNYF) has been angry over the power outage in Balat, Ranikor, Borsora, Nongjri and other areas.
Dobok is still eating ksew, but he doesn't eat biriani, meat, meat or tyrkhong, and the Government is waiting.
The APSTA Anthem was sung.
“At the last hearing, they tried to create the impression that this minor case should be tried but later it was commented that the Court had misinterpreted the your submission."
““Then we will see those parts and then we can decide how to proceed with this because yes, we want to use these Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the main languages ​​but what does it mean and how? “If the writings in the files are written in Khasi and Garo and how the relevant authorities work and what will affect the service to the people,” he said.
He said that the Bhoirymbong Market is the center of all the villages in the Ri Bhoi Mihngi area, where all the villages in the area use it for the sale of Sying, Synsar and other items. , so if no one has the responsibility to bring cleanliness, it will become one of the most dirty and unattractive places in this market.
Meghalaya will prepare for the final match of the tournament against Vidarbha from 12th June.
He said that some of their children who had just returned from school wanted to go home, but they were arrested and not allowed to stand there.
“They think that Garo Hills is in America but they don't know that the Congress is in Delhi,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Adviser, Federation of Khasi States, promised to take this information to the Tourism Department and the Syiem Khyrim so that they can see how to protect the site. The Raid and the children of the Raid will benefit from the beauty of the Raid.
On Tuesday, Ukraine also accused Russia of destroying food storage facilities in Hellish amid relentless Russian shelling in the early hours of Tuesday and Russia's air strikes targeted two parts of the Ukrainian naval base in the Black Sea.
Among the many orders issued by the government recently, one of them is to force the people of Solonsar to vaccinate those who do not want to accept vaccination. Your power is not limited to your government.
The National People's Party (NPP) Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday expressed his confidence that the NPP will win the Lok Sabha elections. Shillong and also from Tura where the party has become stronger.
This is not a culture created by man to please others but a culture created by God and man (Covenant) to please God, so that man on earth can have them. blessings, such as Divine Providence, and other gifts, which man needs, that he may not become an animal or a slave of the devil, and that his soul may not be shopped inside. sit ding the end of the sand.
The people of the state are now in darkness regarding their food and drink, after many problems have arisen one after another and uncertainty about whether the food is safe for the health of the people. they.
The Seng Khasi Kmie wishes you all a happy and successful 121st Anniversary.
As mentioned earlier, the Roberts Hospital has also faced many challenges from time to time and has many shortcomings in the management.
Speeches were also delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, Organizing Secretary KSU-EJHDU, Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh, elders from Sonapyrdi and other villages. village.
“I have sent two DO Letters to the Union Minister and I am pleased to inform that he has given a positive reply that this scheme can also be implemented in the census towns in the state,” he said. he said.
The Border Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Ferdinand Basan, Dy. SP West Jaintia Hills, Bah Donkupar Moksha, on Tuesday stopped the plan of the Assam Police to build a camp in the area, but the police and the Assam authorities have acted unfairly.
The MLA of 7-Amlarem Constituency has laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of Jaraiñ PHC to 50-bedded Sub Divisional Hospital (SDH) on Garo Hills.
“I would also like to inform you that there are about 2,500 Lower Primary Schools of the government and in the last four years the state government has spent more than Rs 200 crore to improve and expand the schools in more than 200 schools.
She said that in 2016-17, the central government has earned revenue of Rs 2.7 lakh crore which is more than the revenue collection of the previous government.
Among them, Kong Grace is the current MDC who defeated Kong Banalari by only 1000 votes in the last MDC election.
Therefore, in this regard, the new prize money proposed for the singles tournament will now increase by % of the 2022 funding, where that increase would be the most efficient for further ensuring abundant meat-and-egg sharing among players.
Replying to a question whether there have been any Congress MLAs who want to join the BJP, the BJP spokesperson said that so far there have been no MLAs from the BJP. Congress party to meet him.
Maharashtra has reported 2 lakh new cases of coronavirus today, with 7,074 new cases and 295 deaths.
The President of CSWO (I), Kong Irene Hujon, said that the KHADC has already issued an order on 11th June, 2017 to stop the construction of the petrol pump but the work is still ongoing. I'm not going to finish it now.
Shillong, July 27: Two trucks carrying coal were arrested by RS Mannar, ADM, Khliehriat at 8:30 pm on the 24th of this month. who are enough.
Sangma said that in his constituency, the markets are open as usual on Fridays, so the market in Purakhasia, which should have been held on the second day, has been allowed to close. on the first day, then at Badwagaon, which used to be held on Saturday, but was held on Wednesday.
Meghalaya has a border length of 465.387 km with Bangladesh.
Thank you for your comments.Email:performance2059@gmail.com.
For this reason, Jumreit had to leave Tongsoh like a child.
Slice the sohsaw and stir into the skin.
" explained the lawyer.
Also, agricultural lands including rice fields have been almost completely covered and converted into oil palm plantations.
Uma Nath Singh was sworn in by the Governor of Meghalaya, Justice Nath Tripathi at Raj Bhavan today.
As usual, the Church that hosts this large service should be responsible for providing for all the expenses.
After the incident, Sonowal was taken to a hospital and the doctor who treated him said he was well.
The KSU believes that the scholarship is a barrier to the students who come from poor families.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle on Tuesday met with the management of the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH). The university has forcibly recruited a woman from Uttar Pradesh as a contract attendant.
The BJP also wants to know and ask what the Congress has done in the last 60 years when they were in power in India and in the villages. Why didn't Rahul raise those words while he was in power, but only unfounded questions,” said Sabyasachi Ghose.
To form a single party or coalition government, it is necessary to have a majority of 31 MLAs, which is more than half of the 60 MLAs in the State.
This is an unprecedented incident, in which a woman has given birth to six children on the same day. The name of the woman who gave birth has not been revealed yet. up to 6 children on this day.
Therefore, it is time for the MDA-II Government to pay special attention to the problems of the farmers especially in the rural areas who live on agriculture. The Minimum Support Price (MSP) farmers will also face problems.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his speech through the Mann ki Baat programme, has apologized to the people for the 21-day lockdown and said that the poor are angry over this. “I don't have any other way to take this decision to fight against the coronavirus.
In the 10th minute, Meghalaya opened the scoring through Fedelia Lamare but Bhutan captain Sonam Choden managed to convert before the break.
All the Associations from the Districts attended the meeting.
Speaking on the occasion, the EM in charge of Trading of Jaintia Hills District Council on this issue admitted that there are indeed foreigners who come to trade without getting a trading licence. He said that the Council has already raided foreign shops and found that some of them do not have a trading license and also closed down such shops. The District Council will conduct more license inspections and will also conduct searches together with the union regarding license inspections and benami.
In the Under-16 (Male), Anubhav Sharma won the first prize, Arano Rrikrim G Momin won the second prize and Chuesa Sangma won the third prize.
While the mother was preparing the meal, Bah Sokon came and sat down in the kitchen.
The union will also distribute to all the farmers of the state the leaflets issued by the office of the Controller of Metrology to inform them about the rights of farmers and the law.
The KSU Iooksi Unit said this after visiting the Govt LP School Iooksi Iapkhla West Jaintia Hills District. 15th.
He said that even if it is based on the Bible, it clearly states that a man should leave his mother and father and stick to his wife. A woman shall leave her mother and father and go to her husband's house.
According to Dr Nonglait, this action of the MBOSE could also affect the protest to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution.
It is to be recalled that on the morning of 22nd November, 2022, Assam Police and Forest Guard of the Assam Government opened fire on the people of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District. Three Pnar residents of Mukroh village have been killed in the attack, including a Forest Guard Policeman of the Assam Government.
This road has been constructed by the Meghalaya government for decades.
Shillong, Lber, 28: Hospitals in the state may not accept the price set by the Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS) for the provision of treatment to patients, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Speech by the State Government Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
He explained in detail the meaning of the tricolor flag of the country and the meanings of the Ashoka Chakra.
Zareen said the name of Bah Hem has already been approved by the Vigilance Committee and the Acting Sordar but the people have responded by saying that they do not recognize the Acting Sordar and asked her to listen to them. After a meeting of the people, Zareen said, “If you want to elect yourself, do whatever you want. , but who can sign and approve the name of the Dealer you have chosen without the Acting Sordar and the Vigilance Committee"
“To strengthen this demand, next month, we will try to gather the same voice for Bah Cherister Field which will be held in Shillong. and here we will take a decision to fight against justice and ensure that such incidents will not happen again,” he said.
“He also mentioned that it is necessary to maintain cleanliness among the youth and the need to maintain cleanliness of the environment.
He said that Mairang is one of the villages blessed with natural resources and urged the people to use them well and to protect and care for the environment.
The nation of Israel will not leave the face of the earth even if many of the rulers of the world, especially the Arab countries, who are its enemies, try to destroy it. they shall be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth, but they shall not prevail.
Referring to MeECL, Dr Mukul alleged that corruption is rampant and asked, “Has it ever been seen that a junior officer will become the CMD of MeECL?” show, that the action is that they may command, as they please.
Forty-three people, including 21 groups of ring exercises and 22 groups of exercises with ring exercises and breathing exercises to strengthen the shadem, were examined.
This plate should contain 250 gm of cereals (rice, wheat, barley, etc.), 85 gm of pulses (rye, fries, etc.), and 30 gm of meat, fish and poultry. ).300ml of milk, 400gm of vegetables, 100gm of soybeans, 35g of nuts and seeds, 27 gm of butter.
The price of these rollers can range from Rs 80/- to Rs 150/- each: and they can be obtained from companies that sell them such as RN Panerjee & Sons, Howrah; or a company called Nahan Foundry, Nahan State; and the company of Kirloskar Brothers, Satara (Bombay Presidency).
This is the reason why they have stopped now, because there are still fighting on the 30th.
He also accused the government that even after 50 years of independence, there are no adequate laws to build the nation in terms of education, employment opportunities and to protect the people. the nation from the invasion of foreigners.
“Robertjune was one of the private individuals who expressed his desire to contest the MP election, along with two others,” said Paul.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest was Bah John F.Kharsiing who said that the country has two weapons, the land and the farmers.
Meanwhile, the people will take it but except in Shillong and other places, other places with good sunshine,” said Mondal.
The office bearers of the Union have requested the leaders of various Kurs in East Khasi Hills District to attend this meeting to discuss and explain the intention of the Union to elect the office bearers. and to confirm on this day and others.
The arrested are students of Tezpur Medical College, Maulanas, teachers and journalists.
A. Sanjeevi vs State of Madras (1970) when Karunanidhi was Chief Minister, when a Bench comprising Chief Justice M. Hidayatullah, accused the Governor of acting according to the orders and advice of the Governor. the Government, headed by the Chief Minister.
However, the police and government should not be stingy if there are helpers and supporters of some youths and mislead them.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The United Democratic Party (UPD) MLA from West Shillong Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of State and MDC of Jaïaw Constituency on Saturday, said that He said that he has no intention of contesting the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, which will be held next year.
The promotion of communication opportunities has been a special focus.
Former KSU President Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that the contribution of Myllung Soso Tham to the nation is in many ways such as literature, language and culture which have uplifted and saved the nation.
Why? Because man was created in the image and likeness of God.
The committee, which met today, has started discussing the most suitable candidate for the new Speaker of the Dorbar. They are AL Hek, Minister of Health, Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports.
These phans were brought from all over the Khasi Hills such as Lyngiong, Sohiong, Mylliem, Smit, Laitlyngkot and other places.
“Most of our Riewlum parties end up in Byrnihat and there is no place outside the state, but the NPP is the party that can make our voice heard all over Delhi,” he said.
In the division of MLA Constituencies, the government has taken years to get the opinion of the people, while in JHADC, it has taken only months, after the appointment of MB Rymbai as CEM, JHADC. Lakiang said that the preparation for the division of villages in each constituency is slow and there is no compact as in the Sixth Schedule.
The final will be played on Friday at the JN Stadium, Polo at 1pm and there will be no spectators.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The KSU Mawlai Circle today held the election for the new office bearers at the Community Hall, Mawlai Phudmuri from morning till the counting of votes. evening.
As we have learned through the media, many Khasi Jaintia people and civil society organizations or student organizations support this Bill of KHADC because it is a matter of life and death for the country and the nation which is about to disappear. Now.
Nagesh's main idea is that he wants to give alcohol to people's homes so that they can drink at home and not drive drunk cars anymore.
When will you wake up and see how we can glorify our God by our deeds? It is only when we have truly political parties and leaders who will work righteously without expecting how to accumulate unrighteous wealth, that we will experience the blessings of the God we worship in this world. our beloved country and nation.
The visit was led by Samla Aresstone Thabah, as a sign of the 184th death anniversary of King Tirot Singh.
He said that the police are conducting an investigation into the spread of false news which has affected the minds of the people and the police will investigate further. “The spreaders of this false news should act according to the rules of law and this has caused fear and affected the minds of the people in Ri Bhoi,” he added.
He said that there has been a stirring of various voices from all over the country to support this demand of the people of Mawlai because what happened in Mawlai is impossible. to accept.
The affected districts are East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills.
These 19 teams were divided into four groups in which each group consisted of five teams except for Group A which consisted of four teams.
The Assembly Hotel has nine double rooms at T.1,800 per night and four single rooms at the price of T.1,800 per night. There are 12 rooms for two people, T.700 per night and T.800 per night for two persons.
Raosaheb Danve, Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, today alleged that the protests led by farmers were instigated by China and Pakistan.
Therefore, the preaching of the Gospel cannot be completed now among the Jews or Israel until Jesus comes down from heaven Himself, until they know that Jesus is the long-awaited Messiah. now, until they shall weep bitterly for Jesus, and it is then that they shall glorify his name at that time.
Due to the police blockade, the attempt to hold placards failed but they shouted loudly to demand ILP and other issues.
Although the Prime Minister explained, Bah Adelbert did not agree and refused to withdraw the resolution.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP Sengkmie and Ri Bhoi District, today visited Umlur village in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, to help a family in Ri Bhoi District. In the past few days, the house has caught fire and all the belongings in the house have been destroyed.
Tura: A 42-year-old teacher of UP SSA School, was abducted this morning at Megua Songma village, near the police station in Dimapara, South Garo Hills District.
No childbirth will be allowed if no notice is received within 2 months from the date of publication of this newsletter.
There is also a belief that if a Nongmihkhmat is not corrupt, it means that he is not worthy or qualified to be a Nongmihkhmat or to advocate for the rights of the people when he is elected as a Nongmihkhmat to the House. creation.
But if you are not of the Father.
“The Governor is pleased to announce an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy as announced in Resolution PER.222/71/138 issued on 12th July, 1972.
This is the last match in Pool B and after this victory Dulong came third in the points table with 9 points.
“We hope that through this training camp it will help to develop talented players who will emerge in the country and we hope that one day India will qualify for the World Cup,” he said. added.
On the coal industry, Vincent said he has been involved in the coal industry for about 30 or 40 years and he said that transporting coal is not illegal. He said that he recently visited the area where there is a coal mine and there was no sign of a coal mine. Jowai: U Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the local MLA of Amlarem constituency, today distributed syrnod and Tyndur Syang Dohkha to Twenty-six fishermen from Amlarem area including those from Umladkhur, Thangbuli and Shangpung, Mukhla and Khliehtyrshi.
He said that there are many morning schools but there are few step schools in Mawlai and the vision of the management has benefited those who do not attend morning schools to attend morning schools.
The Minister praised the hard work of the Assam Rifles which has strengthened the implementation of its powers within the Army.
He said that any work that is not done quickly becomes useless.
Looking at one of the issues that affect the society in this age when the dignity of morality has declined, perhaps everyone can witness that the talk of banning the smoking of cigarettes and tobacco in public places is It ended up in temporary discussions and understandings but as time went by, the people seemed to have forgotten.
During the long march, the group of women motorcyclists also carried slogans like “Desh Ke Hum Hain Rakshak”, “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” and the BBBP logo on their uniforms. and they shall be theirs.
In the second innings, SCA-A scored 46 runs for three wickets to take a lead of 37 runs.
“He said that the BJP's allegation of corruption against the MDA government is just an allegation without any evidence and it is just before the elections.
Not only that but all the candidates of the parties allied with the NPP including the BJP.
To order that all teachers from schools to go on duty for elections is a thoughtless decision, unacceptable or unfounded.
