NEHU Tura Campus, Shillong beat NEHU Tura Campus 3-0, Morningstar College, Shillong beat KL Bajoria College 4-3 and St. Anthony's College, Shillong beat Don Bosco College 3-0 , Now.
Of course, you have introduced some of them.
The incident occurred while the patrols were patrolling at a road construction site in the area when the bomb exploded on the road from Cholnar to Kirandul under Kirandul Police Station. The Inspector General of Police, Bastar Range, SRP Kalluri told a reporter.
There was a lack of peace, there was a lot of trouble, there was a lot of trouble, there was a lot of trouble, until we couldn't reach the well, there was only trouble, trouble, trouble. -My mother, I am stupid – I am angry, I want power – I want power and I am violent.
Shillong: Congress MLA Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the defeat of the National People's Party (NPP) candidate from the constituency of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. Your party, you are the sign that the people don't trust you, you don't trust your party, you don't have the government.
You are the people who elected you in a democratic manner.
Both Mawlai and Lumparing have won three times but the top team has taken the lead by a goal difference of +25 to +1 ).
We have rejected the call of the Congress”.
Bah Ranee said that man needs clean air to breathe every day and cannot live without trees, so we need to take responsibility as citizens to protect the environment. .
The Voice of the People (VPP) has also condemned the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih by the Border Security Force (BSF) personnel on Thursday near Mawshun village, East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media at his office, he expressed his desire to find ways and means to eliminate the financial crisis in the district and also to find ways and means to complete the Iawmusiang and others.
Here it is clear that Nebuchadnezzar was a man or king who did not know God but who worshiped idols and demons, but he believed that there was a great God, the God of Daniel, who appointed kings and removed them. they.
According to sources, this time there was a clash between the Congress in Shella and Mairang where the Congress leaders refused to give ticket to the candidate. that they want.
Police are investigating the incident, according to a police news release.
Speaking at the NPP office, Shillong, Conrad said it is not only the NPP that has lost tickets to MLAs but other political parties have done the same. this is the decision.
Donbok Kharlyngdoh has been appointed as the President and Banshan Lyngdoh as the General Secretary.
Shillong, July 29: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has given another 14 days to pay the tax on coal.
Although Maw U-Tieng have no hope of reaching the semifinals, they are still tied with the others by six points and are now in fourth position.
Before I conclude, my dear countrymen, especially the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, which has received enlightenment since the beginning of the world, before the dawn of the moon, to remember this saying of Plato “The Republic” The author “Only if human rule is a rule of law can we hope for a clean society and the people will live a clean life.
The meeting was attended by teachers, students of four schools under Rambrai, Rev Fr.John Kharshandi, Syiem of Rambrai Hima together with the leaders of Rambrai. Willbest Wanniang, Copperfield Khardewsaw, Assistant Education Secretary, KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit, and other members of the KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit. .
It also promised to allocate Rs 2,000 crore for the renovation of all the implementation systems in the courts in the state.
The committee met on Tuesday at the Conference Hall of the Secretariat and was chaired by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman of the committee. The marathon is 21 km long.
“Almost every week, there has been an increase in the prices of essential commodities and the main reason for this increase is due to the multiple robberies that have taken place in the state.
HDR Lyngdoh, also known as Maheh, has also served as the Minister of Home Affairs.
Speech was also delivered by Dr BK Laitphlang, former Principal of Nongstoin College.
In East Khasi Hills, 527 cases have been reported today.
“Although we have not been able to set up a contingency fund yet because it will affect the budget, what we have prepared is to amend the rules of the SRWP so that it will be more efficient when using the funds. I don't need it,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong is the guardian of the villages in the Bri U Hynniewtrep and if it is strong, the villagers will be happy.
With this assistance, these groups through the District Horticulture Department will be able to purchase the necessary equipment for the establishment of Collective Marketing Centers to produce Shynrai Lakadong.
This shows clearly our vision,” said Jairam Ramesh.
Before you break the colour, you will have the Yabooh and Yatan Bhang Blai religions.
On the other hand, the Trinamool Congress is now going around to explain to the people on the grounds on which it stands to contest the upcoming elections.
One of the party's promises in its agenda is to pass the Village Administration Bill (VAB) if it wins.
Besides the MDC, Paiem R.K.Syiem, Syiem Khynnah of Nongstoin Hima, Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school, members of the Committee, teachers and other other.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the entire Meghalaya Police Force, which has thousands of personnel, to Patrol the roads to prevent the illegal smuggling of coal in the state.
“Any group or SHGs without the cooperation of leaders or members cannot move forward and benefit, but with the cooperation and understanding any business you start will succeed,” said Ma Coming. .
The body of Phibankyntiew Sunn, a young woman who has been missing since 20th November, was found in Traw, East Khasi Hills.
The court has directed the Dimapur High Court to seize the land and office of the Executive Engineer of PWD (R & B) Dimapur, as through the sale of these two offices, Dimapur and Zunheboto will be in accordance with the contractor's budget.
Bahnah was overjoyed that his dream came true that day.
“I have not been disappointed in the past five years, and if the people find me worthy to serve them, I will accept it with a smile on my face in the midst of difficulties and challenges,” she said.
The polling in Mizoram will be held tomorrow.
To join hands with the world in celebrating World Environment Day, Seiñraij Raliang has organized a tree planting program at Chrah-Umphula Square, Mowtyllieñ Park and other places of the Raij. President Binroy Dkhar, General Secretary Hamjhan H Dkhar and others were present.
The District Association of Meghalaya Scouts (BSC) on Tuesday celebrated the World Scout Scarf Day on the 1st of July. decades.
Regarding this demand of the JNC, the DMHO promised to take action and immediately send the relevant authorities especially in relation to electricity for the sake of safety and security. of populations in need of healthcare facilities.
Ms Dkhar said that the jhur they have harvested now are salad, tyrso, muli, pathaw saw, mator and others.
On the other hand, NSCN(IM) spokesperson General VS Atem expressed his anger over the implementation of strong laws such as the AFSPA for many years where its members have been killed in the fighting. to protect the Naga country from the military's violence against children, women and also from the violence against the rights of the Naga people.
However, the bad year has come again to hit the district, where the Hon'ble High Court (NGT) of the country has ordered to stop the mining and transportation of coal.
He said the North East Space Application Center (NESAC) which is a department of the central government has done a mapping of East Jaintia Hills and they will submit the report soon to the committee at the next session.
Bah Pynshgaiñ in his speech, said that the youth have a great role in the community and they are the ones who will take over the Khadar rule in the coming days.
Speaking at the Budget Session of the Council recently, Ma Thombor Shiwat, CEM JHADC, said that the new arrangement of MDC constituencies is for the purpose of adjusting the number of voters and adjusting the villages according to their circumstances. and it shall not be to separate the villages.
Other speakers included MLA of 6 Khliehriat Constituency, Ma Justine Dkhar, and in his speech, he planted many seeds in relation to the journey of this party from now on, “ When forming an organization, there must be a purpose and unity for teamwork, and he also said that one of the most important things is “To work right”.
The party has sent a petition to the Nagaland and Assam governments in the past few days and today, the party has made it clear that Assam will have to take full responsibility. if there is any incident, from this illegal blockade.
The Seng said that the website shows that the call for applications is from 5th to 28th July 2023, which was later extended to the 31st of the same month.
Romario Dkhar scored the first goal for Jarain.
Dapoiwanmi Laloo, who also contested the last MDC election and lost, continued as President of the MPUF and became well known as one of the cow traders. steal.
Bah Hubert Paliar, who is also hearing impaired and cannot speak, will compete in the category of people with disabilities.
Dkhar sustained injuries to her chest and was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Shri.Napoleon Hajong (President All India Hajong Community)5
Another BLO who had already submitted a letter from the DC's office to the Rangbah Shnong in the presence of the Secretary Shnong, Lumlang and others was arrested.
Shillong, November 11: More than two months before Christmas, people from rural and urban areas have started flocking to Iewduh and Khyn dailad to buy their Christmas gifts, although the market is not open. It was not yet clear but it was seen that the wind of Iew Christ mas had started to blow well.
Pala said that recently there was an invitation to the AICC and there was a discussion and it was decided to work together for the party and there is nothing to blame the party. it is with the MLAs who leave the party.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: On Sunday night, robbers broke into a house which is also the office of the Women's Church Nongstoin Presbytery in Nongstoin.
The ability to smile regularly benefits and improves the health of the body and these benefits you will see below.
However, during the inspection, it was reported that a woman who had taken a contract to take over the land had thrown away all those who had inspected the land, including The media has tried to prevent the media from ringing or taking reports on the inspection.
"According to Goyal, after a thorough inspection by various teams, the bridge constructed at Damsite is safe so far.
Bah Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (Road) department, said that the traffic jam in the area is also due to the relocation of the water pipes.
It is the custom because we move these items from a large museum to these small ones,” said Kong War.
Police have registered a case under Section 379 IPC and have directed Sub-Inspector Tengphan N. Sangma to conduct an investigation into the incident.
Upon learning of the incident, Muslim MLA from Rajabala Constituency Sayeedullah Nongrum (on November 10, 2008) and Assam CM Tarun Gogoi strongly condemned the incident. the removal of Bangladeshi Muslims from the state, not only from Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh; but also from other states of the North East by claiming that these Bangladeshis are the true citizens of India.
They don't understand whether they are dead or alive.
Pastor Kharkongngor said that he personally agrees to form the SAFF, which includes different religious groups and recalled that the first meeting was held at the Cathedral Parish in November 4.5 Pastors of the Presbyterian Church, who took part.
Sutnga SSCC beat R.Iawpynsing SC 3-1 in the first leg. Neesta Feeco Bamon scored the first goal for Sutnga SSCC in the 3rd minute. Sumarbha Bareh in the 11th minute, and Ioanis Suchen in the 90+4 minutes.
They were taken to court and fined T.3.50 lakh.
Fortunately, Jesus came to deliver us from spiritual death as He delivered a woman who was lame, John 8:3
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong congratulated the MeECL officers who took the initiative.
He said that the lack of parking space is the reason for the problem. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawroh has complained many times but no one has listened. .
The HYC has started distributing 50,000 copies of the leaflet from the Secretariat, KHADC and public places. to 50,000 copies within two weeks.
Members of two Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) from Pariong and U Shang from Nongthliew participated in the programme. and the Roilang Society from Mawkynbat Village.
He did not appear for questioning by the CID, even though it had asked him to do so.
When the attempted land grabbing continued, the Longkmie informed the Syiem of Raid Marwet, where there was a settlement between the two parties, but even after the settlement, the Longkmie informed the Syiem of Raid Marwet. They alleged that Nicholas Marak, has continued to own the land and has forcibly robbed the quarry by covering it with mawpud, even though the land has been owned by the Mainu S.Sangma and who has sufficient land.
And we reach out to help and support others who need the help the most.
Khanapara-Pillangkata Area: Out of the 2.29 SQ KM, Meghalaya will get 0.50 SQ which includes parts of Pillangkata village, Maikhuli and the quarry area.
In East Khasi Hills, 242 new cases and in West Garo Hills, 105 cases.
Finely Pariat was elected as Vice President at the Annual General Meeting of the Athletics Federation of India held in Chandigarh from 27th to 29th June.
They have been directed to submit the information within 15 days from the date of issuance of the letter and to forward it to the various police stations in Shillong.
Expressing the need to protect the rivers and wells, Marak said, “We need to protect the rivers and wells but otherwise we will face problems in the coming days. .
At the same time, this will show that the Court will have the full trust of the people.
However, after this, it was found that their mobile phones were switched off and their relatives could not talk to them.
“The meeting was conducted by Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun and was also attended by party leaders and workers.
The meeting also elected Bah Womsar Talang as the new President of the Association who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Borsora and Bah Puson Gympad from Kuliang Village was elected as the Spokesperson of the Association. U Bah Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary 6 Villages Wah Lukha Association.
In the second half, Smit FC struggled to turn the tide, but due to the skill of Synroplang FC, they couldn't turn the tide. Synroplang FC had another chance to score a goal and beat them 3-0 in the second half. The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF Sengkmie as the chief guest. , Bah PB Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong Umroi Umdohbyrthih and other elders of the area.
Regarding the railway line, the union has demanded that the JHADC should not issue permission and NOC at all until the laws have been implemented to prevent and curb the entry and exit of foreigners. The Government will continue to build the railway line which will be a source of income for the people of the state because in Khasi Jaintia there are many of our fellow citizens who earn their living by driving trucks carrying various goods. as to destroy their income.
MENTONAL DISEASE, AND CONSEQUENCES RELATED TO CHILDREN. It affects many women in the North East.
The Minister said that 11,908 farmers have benefited from these cold storages.
Shillong: U Bah Phestarbor Kharpran, alias Sin Rang, son of Aisiar Kharpran and Sparlington Nongbri, residents of Sohryngkham, has gone missing from his home since 24th November I went to Jaintia Hills and Borsora.
Speaking on the occasion, despite the shortcomings and difficulties in providing for the needs of the players, the Minister congratulated the MSOA for its hard work in organizing this tournament.
In these incidents, up to eight people are still missing in landslides and floods across the state and up to 20 people have been seriously injured.
Where will this increase in the price of these oils lead? Every 5th of July, the world celebrates World Environment Day or the World Environment Day, which is organized by the United Nations. see UNEP (United Nation's Environmental Programme).
Earlier, the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Dr. JS Lyngwa, said that according to a letter received by the department from the Food and Safety Department, the presence of ash or mineral mixtures is high. However, he has not been able to confirm whether it will affect the health of the people who eat the meat of these animals. which are used excessively in the body of a pig or chicken for meat.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the Pasteur Institute needs to be strengthened and revived in collaboration with other international organizations.
According to Bah Renikton, during the visit by the Regional Committee from Meghalaya and Assam, only the wishes of the people will be heard first.
When asked whether Lajong have a goal to win the title for the second time in this tournament, Bah Bobby said, “We have a goal to win the title again. However, for now we have to think about the remaining matches of this group.
The World Cup will be held in the United States, Mexico and Canada with 48 teams, meaning that up to seven teams from South America will not qualify for the tournament.
Shillong, March 11: A family has been robbed by 10-15 robbers in Shella village. .
He said that on the 5th of this month, a government team from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) had visited MBB Airport for immigration clearance. .
This action of the office has put a lot of pressure on the poor families, instead of paying for one month they have to pay the entire bill for three months.
Besides tens of thousands of witnesses, the ceremony was also attended by government officials, district chiefs including the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, MDCs, including the Chairman of JHADC. Khasi and Jaintia Hills, there were also witnesses from abroad.
Lapang said that this is their household chore which they can resolve if there is any problem.
The light is bright, The light of the light is holy, We shall see the bright step, The nation shall be bright.
“According to information, the supporters of this TMC candidate from Rymbai, when they hold rallies wearing NPP jerseys, carrying NPP flags, they do this because they are afraid and also the supporters of The UDP from Rymbai has been arrested.
KSU Mawlai Circle together with KSU Umiam Circle have decided to lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities of KHADC, as it is the authority that looks after and maintains the water and rivers. “We strongly condemn the destruction of this river,” said Samla Rapbor Lang Nongrum General Secretary.
He said that Delhi, Bangalore and other cities are notorious for violence against women where some countries have warned their citizens not to walk there. alone and should be careful.
They should also not forget that those who have held the post of Chief Minister or Prime Minister in the past 15 years have been Achiks and not Hynniewtreps.
“You may be in difficult situations, but respect and humility is the way to solve these problems and build society,” he said.
One of the reasons for the government's closure of schools is after the advice of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which said that many children have fallen ill due to the excessive heat.
These three front attachments will be opened in the First three and a half years of 7 years.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rijuraj Ravi, in a statement sent to the media, said that the names of the informants will be kept confidential.
The kingdom of Israel lasted 187 years and had 20 bad kings.
Besides Panaliar, the participating villages include Khimusniang, Mynthong, Chutwakhu, Tympang Iawmusiang, Lion Mission Compound, Tpep Pale, Lumpariat, Mookyrdup, Caroline Colony, Ladthadlaboh, Moosalyngkat, Dongmihsngi, Salalieh and Newomsieh. Pynthornein Myntdu came out to dance and sing.
Because Bah Joy was a Minister in the Congress Government at that time in the Provincial Government of Assam, he also had the opportunity to be a Member of the Constituent Assembly of India and also a Member of the Bordaloi. Gopinath Bordaloi, Chief Minister of Assam Province at that time, ordered him to join the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The Government of India shall fall under the jurisdiction of the Government of Assam even if it has its own Autonomous District Council to protect the customs.
Thus, the Khiahshipun in this age of Kyrwohsohmyndur.
Wanshai Fusion was launched in
Jester Syiemlieh took T.3,11,000 from Yomika by promising to give her a government job in the District Jail and the job he offered her was the post of Warden.
Lambor said that that year, Bah SL Marbaniang contested as an independent candidate without belonging to any party although all the national parties supported him at that time.
“Therefore, as leaders, don't say that you are in a hurry because for 50 years you can't do anything. Where you have income, there is no income. I don't know, I'm just giving you an example like Maikhuli, Lum Jingtep which for decades the people haven't been able to use but now Assam has given it back to Meghalaya for the people to use, who has done it? “This large area of ​​6 to 7 acres has been allocated by Assam,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The VPP MLAs have immediately left the Legislative Assembly in anger.
If you don't have anything to do with it, you don't have to explain it.
“We respect that Act, they do it themselves and insult others,” he said.
Prestome's remarks came after Ardent Basaiawmoit criticized the MDA government for the decision on the Christmas carol.
In this regard, the Working President of the CoRP, Samla Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the CoRP is deeply saddened after receiving many complaints from the students, especially the students who are still in school. Those who have completed Class XII and wish to study abroad find it difficult to seek admission in various lines of study, because before submitting their application forms they have to send along with the original marksheet.
Shillong, November 19: More than 1,000 office bearers of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBC) have arrived at Smit this evening and decided to work hard to win the Congress candidate John F Kharshiing from 22-Nongkrem. Assembly Constituency.
Sodom and Gomorrah disobeyed God's laws, and God's wrath destroyed them by fire.
Besides helping to give birth to the poor, she also helps to care for those women who cannot give birth, who are pregnant or whose placenta is not stable and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah David said, “I don't have any intention to apply for ticket from any party yet”.
The ropeway project is targeted to be constructed on an area of ​​1.34 hectares at a cost of T.138.00 crore.
Another case has been confirmed from Mumbai, where she contracted the disease while attending a church service. Catholic, on the 18th of March in Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, June 11: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Caramai Kharkongngor, IAS, was the chief guest at the launch of a book entitled, “The History of Sngap Sing Syiem” , reminded that education is essential and should start from birth and until the birth certificate.
Himalaya said that every year the border villages receive about Rs 2 crore from the Border Area Scheme and thus the loss of the people in the last two years has been severe.
In the previous government, all the parties joined hands to form the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government, except the Congress.
New Delhi: The number of new cases of coronavirus in India has dropped sharply to 48,698 today, bringing the total number of cases to 3,01,83,1
We are now at a high level in the implementation of Externally Aided Projects which have been approved by the States according to their hard work,” he said.
In issuing the order, MPSC Chairman LM Sangma said, “It is publicly announced that any applicant who sends assistance to any member, officer or employee of the Commission, will be allowed to apply for a job. for up to five years to sit for the examination or even the personal interview conducted by the MPSC”.
Russia now has 1.5 lakh troops near Ukraine and the number of troops is increasing day by day.
Ri Bhoi District covers an area of ​​2448 sq km, extends from Umiamkhwan in the west to Lamarei in the east, Majhong-Magro in the east and Mawdem in the west.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnongs, have worked hard to eradicate the coronavirus and the surprising thing is that until now, they have been fighting empty-handed, without any help from the government. the State Government.
Lynti Jam Football Center has won the tournament in all categories from U-13 boys and U-16 boys and men. NorthEast Sunfeast Cup 2023 will be held soon in Guwahati to compete against other teams from different states of the North East.
Former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie has sent his condolences to the family of Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh on the passing away of Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh.
Maybe someone asked you too.
The EJNC-Khliehriat Circle on Monday sent a letter to the Minister of State for Education requesting him to take action to help the students by forgiving the school fees due to the lack of education especially for the parents. who have been living in the country since the outbreak of COVID-1
Shillong, November 14 : The Mylliem constituency has received more than Rs 7.5 crore for the improvement of the roads from 12 Mer to Mylliem Mawkhar and also from Sanmer to Umlyngka-Kynton.
Latiplang said that this is a terrible act because the indigenous people will become low paid in their own area. “If this happens in only 2 or 3 elections, we have become “We are no longer the decision makers to elect leaders. The ST constituencies will become General,” said Bah Latiplang.
The TMC leader will be accompanied by the party's National Secretary Abishek Banerjee.
It is worth mentioning that the decision to strike started on Monday morning and the Union has vowed to continue until they receive any promise to meet their demand.
On the same day, thousands of people came to listen to the election campaign at the rally of the NPP candidate at Weilyngkut.
The newly built statues will be an example to encourage and inspire the youth during this time of celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the 95th Anniversary of India.
Speaking to reporters, these foreign workers said that they were illegally shot yesterday and some of them have been taken to hospital.
Shillong, March 20: Bangladeshis have come to Pynursla to buy cows.
However, after listening to their explanation of the appearance of the man, it was clear that he was the President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Bah Marbud Dkhar.
If there is a report of these activities, it is a disturbance in the village. This is not only the case of young children but even the elderly.
Kejriwal has resigned from the post of prime minister due to the lack of numbers to hold power, and there has been a competition from the parties to contest another post. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced a new election in Delhi. The AAP has increased from 28 seats to 67 seats, the BJP has decreased from 31 seats to 3 seats. Congress won 8 seats while other parties did not win.
Bah Bright got up again and tried to go back to the Secretariat, but the police arrested him and dragged him away until there was a collision with the scooters passing by.
On the part of the Executive Member, the Dolloi congratulated the ELSA and that it will be able to work according to its goals and objectives for the development of sports.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today announced that he and the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma will soon launch the Phase-II of the talks to resolve disputes in seven outstanding border areas.
The meeting unanimously decided to demand from the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District to immediately suspend the work within 48 hours.
“I am a person who has traveled all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills and every village I have visited during my tenure as MDC. of Golden.
“Every time I saw the insult to the child, I couldn't help but cry. I said that the mother of the child is in pain because she wants to see the child. “This child has now fallen under his care and no one is allowed to lead him and if necessary I will come on myself,” he said. We talked at home and we couldn't stand it anymore and we called the women's organizations together with the elders. We went to take the child and we took him to the hospital and after we took him to the hospital we found that he had died. He sustained serious injuries in many parts,” said the mother of the child.
The staff of the center have provided medicines to the needy as much as possible by going to Nongpoh or Umden or by bringing only those who need them.
He also slammed his friends who were around him by accusing them of being his traitors and said that this action of them is like the meat in front of them sitting behind.
Whether the revenue from the visit of the people will go to the government or only to the managers.
CRP troops said Rabha was on a journey with Jharkhand police to a Maoist-heavy area near Jamia village in Kutti district. , shot dead Rabha on the spot and another person was injured in the incident at 6.50 pm.
“This government is not sitting idle,” he said.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Dr. Munjpara Mahendrabhai said that his visit to South West Khasi Hills District today was on the invitation of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi has visited the North Eastern States where Meghalaya is one of the states he has sent specially as it is one of the states which has implemented the scheme well.
This was held as usual every year in Shillong.
He said the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency needs a skilled person to lead in Delhi.
She said that these changes that the candidate wants to implement if she wins in the constituency is to address first of all the unemployment of the educated youth.
“She also alleged that the BJP government has increased the number of deaths in the country as India now ranks 107th out of 121 countries.
The UDP leader from Umsning also spoke against Bah Metbah at a meeting held yesterday in Umsning, where Bah Donkupar Sumer and his leaders and supporters left the UDP. The UDP Ri Bhoi and the UDP leaders in the state have been involved in violence against the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi District. Furthermore, the UDP leader not only alleged that Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has cheated the UDP party ticket in Umsning They also protested against Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP Ri Bhoi District, who have slowly given ticket to Bah Sunshine Makri and against Bah Donkupar Sumer, Working President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi District. He is also the President of the UDP in Umsning Constituency.
“In the past, we used to sell about 3 months a day but now we sell about 5 months a day,” said one of the fish vendors in Iewduh.
J.Dkhar recalled that the JAC had submitted a petition to the SDO's office on 26th November this year on the same request.
These last two methods of warfare are those that the farmer cannot do alone, but must be fought together or by the government.
This was announced by the Deputy Director, NACO, Bhawna Rao, on the opening day of the HIV awareness campaign. /AIDS in this state.
The Asian Weightlifting Championships are: Women: Mirabai Chanu (49kg), Bindyarani Devi (55kg), Men: Shubham Todkar (61kg), Jeremy Lalrinnunga (67kg), Achinta Sheuli (73kg), Narayana Ajith (73kg).
That which is “Spiritual” makes flesh makes blood in the fellowship of Christ.
“As far as possible, the old artifacts should be preserved as they are,” said Babu Chosterfield and added that in the area, this is the only stone that has stood as a witness to the story of the area.
Malngiang congratulated the police for their hard work in arresting the drugs worth Rs 5 to Rs 6 crore within 10 days. that it is a great victory and we encourage them to overcome evil.
To mark the occasion, special programs were also held such as planting trees around the school and open spaces in the village, Essay writing competition for the students of Upper and Secondary School, a friendly football match between the Engineers and the youth of Mawlieh Sport Club and an explanation on the importance of protecting and preserving the environment.
Umsaw Khwan beat Umsaw Khwan 3-0 while Friends Sporting beat MSA 2-0
The winners of the 1st Shillong Open Shooting Championship 2019 were in the 10m Air Pistol Women-1st.
Similarly, the Gospel of Matthew and other books tell of the birth of Jesus (Isaiah 9:6/Micah 5:2).
Likewise, we should strengthen the means of delivering food items to the homes of the people,” said Bah Metbah.
All the relevant authorities are urged to comply with the above order and any violation of these orders will be taken strict action against the relevant authorities or individuals accordingly. the provisions of the Foreigners Act,
On the other hand, Kong Silbi Passah said that she is proud that the Seng Kynthei Seng Khasi Kmie has given her this honor which is also the third time that she has been promoted. I don't want to welcome you to this house I love and I hope that when I go anywhere I don't forget that I have my own.
On the other hand, these leaders said that they are very proud to have this company where many of the development works have been done through this company. The company has spent hundreds of thousands of rupees on the development of the state and now the company has benefited the people of the state and especially the development of the state. Many of the youths and elderly people who don't need jobs are also able to work together to do small jobs to support their families, said these leaders.
“Before 2018 it had reached Rs 2500-3000 crore and now it has reached Rs 7000-8000 crore per annum.
"I cannot comment now as the hearing will continue tomorrow," Qureshi said.
Therefore, the union requests the people from all over the villages of Umsning area to come to this free treatment, so that it will help them to get free medicines and free treatment from the doctors. They are from the district health centers and Shillong.
He said that as the motto of the school is 'rise and shine', the goal is that education will produce students who will become young people who will carry back the future and heritage. responsibility.
In fact, for many it is not easy to get up early, especially when the sky is still dark.
A team of first responders immediately reached the spot and shifted the injured to a nearby health centre.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has implemented a new strategy for its alliance with the HSPDP for the upcoming MDC elections, by allowing these parties to reach an agreement with each other.
The Government of India has recognized space as a leading contributor to the country's income growth in the coming years.
During the meeting, it was also suggested that a fine should be imposed on those who break the garbage but this will be considered by the TFC. To clean up the city of Shillong especially the Khyndai Lad, there will also be people to look after any people who spread the word.
Prof. LKma, Director In-Charge, Sports Department, NEHU, Prof. K. Debberma, Department Pol.
The Bill was passed by the KHADC recently in which all the members of the House raised their hands to pass the Bill, including the members of the ruling and legislative assemblies. do not oppose.
PHE Minister Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Saturday laid the foundation stone of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) and Moolyngkdein Water Supply Scheme at Mynsngat village.
Nongpoh: The sudden fire of a transformer in front of the North East Cancer Hospital in Mawsmai, Jorabat has shocked many people especially those who are being treated inside the Bampong Hospital. of the Hospital.
Therefore, it is said that EG.5 or 'Eris', is a descendant of the SARS-CoV-2 virus and first appeared on 17th June this year. in the year
Therefore, it was suggested to the Government that from now on the Government should hand over to the officers either from the District Administration or from the Department of Health.
In Khost province, 25 people were killed and 90 injured.
As soon as I saw this (when I recorded the video) they started shaking hands and threatened to shoot me and threw me near the Zero Point separating India-Bangladesh. mobile phone which is still in their possession until this moment when this ejahar has been lodged,” said Dr. Buam in the ejahar.
Before taking this decision, the JAC has met with the President and Secretary of the JHCMA, RK Pareek and Pawan Joshi.
Leaders of the Delhi Shiromani Akali Dal and the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee also visited the metor residence and met with local leaders as well as Sikh religious leaders.
Shillong, JANUARY 16: Vincent H Pala of the Congress has won again from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency for the second time while Purno A Sangma of the NPP has won for the sixth time from Tura.
Speaking to the audience, Jay Sean said that his presence as a singer of Indian origin has been a source of inspiration for the country because wherever he goes he carries the message of the country. India and its wealth.
At the meeting, which was chaired by MEPA President, Bah Monarch Shabong in the presence of the owners and editors of the newspapers, a two minute silence was held after discussion on how to pay their last respects to and the old man.
He said that recently the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs in a meeting at the Secretariat with the Rangbah Shnongs of the border area had mentioned that Madan Umwang and Block II are all under Meghalaya but why Assam. is continuing these attacks.
At that time, the Sordar with confidence gave him a letter head without a signature and a seal, and allowed Hamlet to write whatever he needed.
But they are not able to do it.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of Rimuliang Zone said that in the past years when the Congress was in power in the state, there were no laws that affected the society. .
“Even if we buy cows, we have to increase the price so that we can stay at home and eat,” he said.
In East Garo Hills there is only one case and in West Khasi Hills there is only one case.
Therefore, if we turn to Bah Pala's statement that Meghalaya because it has the Sixth Schedule cannot implement the ILP and if we implement the ILP we will have to lose the Sixth Schedule. The Sixth Schedule cannot implement the ILP. This means that we cannot have the ILP and the Sixth Schedule at the same time, one of them must disappear.
In this regard, the union has decided to request RTI from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council as the owner of this complex and also from the PWD (Building) department as the implementer of this project.
And once that happens, the Assamians will no longer be able to face the consequences of the confusion they have caused so much or the Head of India himself will not be able to do anything. as mentioned above.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday said that it is waiting for the State Government to call for discussions on the need to resolve the issues related to the relocation of the Metor from Mawlong Market. .
Shillong, November 3: The Commander of the Eagle Hunter of the GNLA, (a group formed last year to attack the police) was killed today in a 10-minute shootout with the GNLA. The incident occurred when SWAT personnel raided a militant camp at Durama near Khakwa Duragre village in East Garo Hills.
According to the rules of the Act, it is strictly prohibited to sell cows to meat farmers.
It also has a 1200 sq feet house worth T.3.30 crore.
Congress President in Baran Gourav Sharma, 43, a resident of Tel Factory area, had gone to Talawara Road where he had an argument with a man who had been arrested. Raju and Rajendra Meena were arrested.
The Department, through its FIT India Programme, has collaborated for a Pan-India Motorbike Expedition involving 75 riders (including 10 female riders) to complete 21,000+ kms in 75 days. that is from November 9, 2022 to December 24, 2022.
Therefore, the opinion of the HLC was sent to Dr. Mukul Sangma. However, not to be biased, the opinion of some of those who gave their opinion was also sent.
The residents of this area have had to seek the help of the Meghalaya Police to escape them,” said the President.
This reporter walked around the park and saw that it is a beautiful and fascinating place.
Shillong, June 6: The Sukra Shad of the Raij Jowai today started at 10 pm from Myngkoi Pyrdi Iongpiah Jowai and followed by a program at Iewmusiang Jowai at 3 pm.
These drugs have been ordered according to the demand of various districts and health centers across the state.
Chalai said the NEC has been involved in the launch of many major projects such as the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Imphal, NEPA, Shillong.
Babu recalled that Soso Tham when he wrote did not say that he did not know the arts of writing but he wrote what was in his soul or what he said was lyngrum lyngram and poetry that he wrote. Soso Tham's first poem was 'Sah beit the Hep prayer'
In that step he didn't drink water, he didn't cook food, but he sat down and waited for his wife to come.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on the other hand, did not elaborate on the progress of the border talks. day to inspect the sites but had to be delayed due to the lack of response from the Assam government.
On the other hand, Bah H.Samakha Sordar Hima Raidmynsaw said that the Hima urges the State Government to immediately resolve the border issue and to expel the mynder from Raidmynsaw. The Assam police have been arrested in the area and also to withdraw from the area.
He said that Meghalaya has emerged as one of the most popular tourist destinations and most of the time they want to take something as a souvenir to take back to their countries.
Riki Mukhim,Publicity,HYC War JaiñtiaThe Covid-19 pandemic has affected all the people around the world but when we look at this state of ours many poor families are suffering from the lack of food items. Kim is not allowed to buy as much as she buys once.
They were selected based on their special talents such as sports, healthcare, beauty design, business and entrepreneurship.
These are those who do great things but are not recognized.
The seized items include gold and electrical appliances worth T.51,92,1
The program was welcomed by Bah HK Thabah Additional Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills District, who congratulated the teachers, government employees and all those who have worked hard to organize this programme. successful day.
The tournament will be held in the under-14 category for boys, and in the under-17 category, for both men and women.
In the tie breaker, Umrynjah won 4-3 to win the title and also to advance to the top four teams in the semi final of the tournament.
The disease is terrible, it feels like a shadow.
The Word of God in the Book of Genesis says – “In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth”.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MCC) today issued a statement saying, “Even the Ksew ka miaw which are the livestock of us human beings, we are still providing them with clean water. There is no proper place to go outside so that the environment and the surroundings of the house and grounds are not polluted, but the truck drivers have been treated like wild animals that do not need any protection.
A Syrian government warplane has caught fire in the air after being shot down by a missile while flying in northern Syria.
Shillong, June 26 : After the announcement of the results of the MLA elections in October this year, all the parties have come to urge the NPP leaders to get a seat in the government, said Prestone Tynsong. NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang's election campaign rally at Madanbitaw, Sohiong on Tuesday.
“Until now, we don't have any Wine Store in Eastern West Khasi Hills District and we don't want to have any because the presence of Wine Stores has caused problems to the youth and the villages as a whole.
The incident happened on Thursday morning at Khonshnong village, West Jaintia Hills District.
More than 1,600 boys and girls have registered for the first tournament last year which had 1,300 games in nine months.
He said that those who have been vaccinated are safe even if they are infected and are free from severe illness.
I will tell you about this here because if we just follow, we should plant in nurseries and not with the seeds of sohniamtra that we want to plant in the tree that we want to plant.
Shillong: The President of Meghalaya has appointed Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal, Judge of the High Court of Punjab and Haryana, as the Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya. from 28th January,2019.
When she talks to us, she is more shy because she doesn't recognize me, but she is very shy and when she speaks, she speaks dathew.
It is not appropriate to allow them to go to Assam, if they are still within the border of the Khasi Hills or the District West Khasi Hills.
Trumanson Blah, 70, of Nongkasen, WK Hills, was admitted to Bethany Hospital Shillong on 12-05-2021 and died on 21-05-2 Bah Fullstar Khongthaw, 35, of Pynursla, EK Hills, passed away on 17-05-2021 at Civil Hospital, Shillong. Honest Marak, 60, of Gosingpita Bakra, Bajengdoba, NG Hills died on 19-05-2021 at Bajengdoba PHCU. He died on Anita Rani, 50, of Khliehriat, EJ Hills was admitted to Khliehriat Isolation Ward on 20-05-2021. She died on 20-05-2 , 72, of Mawkhan, 7th Mile Upper Shillong, EK HillsAihunlang Nongrum, 40, of Thynroit Smit, Shillong, was admitted to hospital on 13-05-2 William Raum Guenther Jr.39, of Bishnupur, EK Hills, died on 15-05-2021 at Bethany Hospital. , ShillongMitila Lyngdoh Kynshi, 60, of Mawpat, EK Hills, died on 20-05-2021 at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. Tiewlily Tang, 57, of Mootyrshiah, Jowai, WJ Hills, was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong on 16-05-2021. She died on 20-05-2 Pneumonia Josephine Shanpru, 39, of Lummawbah, EK Hills, died at home on 20-05-2021Covid-19 Positive. Bah Rana Kharkongor, 69, of Mawpat Shillong, EK Hills, died on 20-05-2021 at NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong. Dr. Bianglang Lato, 60, of Langkyrding, EK Hills, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 17-05-2021. He died on 20-05-2 Plentimon Shanpru, 73/F, of Lummawbah, EK Hills, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 20-05-2 Riang Laloo, 46, of Dulong, EJ Hills, was admitted to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai on 18-05-2 Dorsola Kharbani, 50, of Mawlai Mawiong, EK Hills, died on 18-05-2021 at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai. 05-2021 at Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong Icydora Pathaw, 70, of Mawbah, EK Hills, passed away on 20-05-2021 at R.P.Chest Hospital. Roybok Ymbon, 60, of Mynthong, WJ Hills, died on 13-05-2021 at Woodland WK Hospital, Jowai. He died on 20-0 Amos Khonglah, 39, of Mihmyntdu, WJ Hills, was admitted to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai on 20-05-2021. He died on 20-05-2 -19 Pneumonia Leki Dkhar, 35, of Rymbai, EJ Hills, was admitted to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai on 19-05-2
In an interview with NDTV on 19.06.2021, Dr Randeep Gulania, Director of AIIMS Hospital, expressed his feeling that the third outbreak of Covid-19 in India has caused a lot of trouble. It can happen in the next 6/8 months if we don't take the right measures.
Nongpoh: A five-year-old child has died after being hit by a government vehicle (ML 01 7703) on its way to Guwahati.
Bah Monarch ShabongIt is not the first time that the Sengbhalang, have gathered in Iewduh, to check the trading licenses of foreigners, but there have been dozens of times, where they have closed the doors. However, we see that these visits are just a greeting with foreigners.
Nongstoiñ, July 03: The Marweiñ clan of Ïaw Nah Pah, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills, has organized a The 13th Annual Dorbar Kur was held at Nonglang West Khasi Hills on 30th November.
Police of the Static Surveillance Team (SST) today seized T.3 lakh from Ampati in South West Garo Hills district.
UP School, Nongkrem for the Upper Primary Section and Smti.
John Barla, who is also a former pastor, spoke about how Modi has led him to this position.
Revelation 3:6-6
In this match, Ladthadlaboh beat 5-0 goals and started the tournament in a perfect manner.
In all these matters, it is necessary to read the Word of God with an open mind so that it will not be a mistake or a mistake or a fear or an intimidation to others.
The distance from Sohiong to Lyngkhoi is 14 km. Vehicles from Mawmaram and Mairang will pass through Umthied Bynther.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, has urged the residents of the state to take action and come forward for the vaccination against Covid-1 19, in which he urged that during these festive seasons, the residents should strictly follow the SOPs when going to take part in such crowded gatherings.
“It has been 30 years since I started farming and since then I have not stopped,” said Bah P.Marwein from Mawtnum village in Ri-Bhoi.
The NDPP has 20 MLAs, BJP 12, NPF 25 and two independent MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
They said that Prestone said that although he supports the Bill, there are still some shortcomings in which the government will send it back to the KHADC after receiving it from the Governor. so that the KHADC can resolve the shortcomings.
Shillong, November 15: The Pyndensohsaw Youth Social Welfare Organization (PYSWO) will hold a ceremony to honor the students of Pyndensohsaw, Mawsynram Block, East Khasi Hills District who have achieved the highest rank in the 3RD. Position to 1st Position from Class-I to Class-IX in different schools.
These 13 cases are from Bishnupur, Chandel, Churachandpur, Kangpokpi, Tamenglong and Tengnoupal districts.
Rupang did not know how the abduction of Ricky happened and how he was released.
Shillong, June 28: A UNN News correspondent has been threatened by dozens of people who visited his residence for writing in a Hindi newspaper about an incident he found during his visit. inspection of illegal structures within the boundaries of the Cantonment.
Shillong: The opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday vowed not to participate in the keynote address of the Governor of Meghalaya in the upcoming Budget Session. Hindi without a translator into English.
Earlier, in recent months, the government had appointed an inquiry to conduct a thorough investigation into the smuggling of NRHM drugs at the Central Warehousing in Lawmali.
The most important thing is the safety and security of our fellow citizens living on the border with Assam as well as those living on the border with Bangladesh,” he said.
Heipormi Dkhar scored four goals for Lion and Famous Lyngdoh (16) for Caroline.
“There are only 8 CHCs, 113 PHCs and 532 Sub-Centres in our state.
" (Exodus 20:10-11).
To provide security to the people of the area, Dr Mukul said that the police from Mawlasnai Police Outpost have been conducting regular patrols in the border areas with Assam and at present, there is no security. there is no peace, he said.
And God said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel. And God said unto Israel, I am God. who is the Almighty: to be strong, and to be strong.
Speech was also delivered by the president of the circle Samla Biangbor L.Paliar who recalled the selflessness of Khlawait until he did not hesitate to fight against foreign forces who wanted to challenge the rule of law. ha can you Ri baieid.
Therefore, to say that they will win more than 200 seats is a big question mark for them as they do not have candidates in states like Meghalaya and North East.
“AMPSTA's claim that it is not aware of the demands of JACATAM is surprising.
In the group shooting competition, Pynthor 'A' went home with a cash prize of 25,000 tyngka, while Sohra Rim won The second place winner went home with a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka and in addition, there was also a cash prize of 3,000 tyngka each to the third place winners.
Recently, a meeting was held between Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC and Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, on 22nd June 2013, Shillong, on the issues relating to the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, the Village Administration Bill and others to be taken up in the upcoming KHADC Session.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement sent to the media, said, “On the 24th, during the public awareness campaign inside the premises of the M/s Meghalaya Cements Limited, Thangskai: A video of the incident has appeared on the Youtube channel of Batesi TV. many people shouted with loud words.
“The National People's Party (NPP) has the hope that the NPP candidates will win from all three constituencies, but as a party, as leaders, we should not be able to take the victory. sting me for this part".
The Har Hamenuchot Cemetery near Givat Shaul, which can be used to bury 8,000 people during the rainy season, is located at a depth of 160 feet below ground.
The total number of cases has now risen to 18 and 43 have recovered, he said.
Speaking to Rupang, the Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah RL Blah, said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has already sent to the Governor the two Bills. three District Councils.
These night shelters have been directed to operate by keeping a distance of up to 7 feet from those who visit these shelters and to wear masks and wash their hands thoroughly with soap and water. .
She went to collect the money and allowed those beggars to stay with the people. If the people didn't pay the money, she went to visit them, but she didn't send the owners. hi" said Bah pran.
In addition, the MMSA expresses its surprise and surprise that the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been involved in the IIPH Shillong Campus, which is a private institution instead of protecting the DHS(MI). to all the Officers and Health Centers in the State without allowing him to report what happened, without mentioning the insult of the Registrar of IIPH to the Project Director and Deputy Director of MACS.” The MMSA demands that the Government should investigate the actions of these Heads of IIPH from what happened. on 27th June and a public statement to the DHS(MI).
Many of these can be said from the election campaign especially when there is an election in one constituency so many speakers will speak many kinds of speeches, for example in one meeting at least 20 speakers and so on. They always use such ideas just to attract the attention of the listeners and the media.
These criminals have many kinds and now that social media is strong they pretend to be friends, they create fake websites to provide jobs and other opportunities and their goal is to earn a living.
In the men's category, Mawphlang Block won the girls' title while Mylliem Block won the men's category.
A team of oral and maxillofacial doctors (members of the OncomaxNE Association) led by Dr. Bobby Linda Majaw from Shillong and Dr. Ashutosh Vatsyayan from Guwahati has completed the first CAD/CAM Alloplastic. Bilateral Temporo-mandibular Joint replacement at Supercare Hospital,Shillong.
He said that a proper market should be in North Garo Hills and there should also be storage facilities for the storage of soh varieties so that they do not rot and it will benefit the farmers because 90 out of 100 farmers The farmers who sell at Daranggiri market are from Garo Hills, while only 10 percent of the farmers are from Goalpara district.
Sandy Kassar scored the first goal for Khliehriat West in the 54th minute from the penalty spot.
She was rushed to RML Hospital but died.
In 2018, we cannot understand why the people do not give the victory to any political party to hold the throne alone and this coalition government is also the will of the people or the leaders.
Earlier, a meeting was held with the staff and officers of the council.
Speaking to reporters, Michael Thongni said that there are about 76 households in the village which have been affected by the cold weather. The villagers have not received any assistance from the government authorities and the leaders.
So it is high time that parents should not hide the weakness of their children.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The National Vice-President of the National People's Party (NPP) on Thursday said that the National People's Party (NPP) is not afraid to do anything good for the people of Meghalaya. state even if there is no response from the political parties in the government.
The general provision states that-“(4) All parties and candidates shall publicly refrain from all acts that are “corrupt” and contrary to the electoral laws, such as extortion of money from followers, threatening followers, improper treatment of followers, collecting payment within 100 hours from budget officers, holding public meetings within 48 hours at the end of the hour and it shall be forbidden to budjied, and to carry in chariots the followers from and to the budjied bases.
In every life God has given us various talents so we must use them properly so that we can rise to the goal and bring fame and glory.
Shillong: Meghalaya: Meghalaya have played well in the opening match of the Ranji Trophy against Nagaland today. today in Dimapur.
According to MEPA, these journalists from Ri-Bhoi District were arrested by Assam Police on the road from Rani Jirang to Garchuk and Depar village. Canal in Assam.
After considering the complaint filed by Amse, the NHRC on Friday directed the Ministry of Home Affairs to take the necessary measures within five months.
In belt wrestling, the match will involve two wrestlers who have to hold on to each other's belt in an attempt to knock or knock each other over.
The village leaders and the residents of the area, said that the reason why they did not hesitate to protest against the MoU, is because many parts of Meghalaya Those who live in this area will be transferred to Assam, but in fact these areas are still the rights of Meghalaya and the people who live in this area do not want to go to Assam. Assam.
Shillong: Hingaria village is located in East Jaintia Hills District, 29 Bataw Lakadong Constituency and is located on the border area with Bangladesh.
They can now get reservation in employment, promotion and admission in various courses.
The Commissioner of Food Safety, DBS Mukhim, said that one of the biggest threats to the public is the meat sold to the public.
It doesn't matter which political party they belong to but we just want to know and recognize if the opportunity is open to do so,” said Bah Thingdar and Bah Extanly.
Here we see God's true love for the children of Israel because God had already promised Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
“I have requested information through RTI to know the fees paid to the polling officers in different constituencies in Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills,” said Bah Jana. the rights of polling officers who are entitled to receive their share properly.
The Minister also showed that the government has allocated T.101.64029 lakh to Marda Industries Pvt.
Shillong, June 22: Hundreds of residents of Lum Rit Village, today, met with Kong Kong Agnes Kharshiing at her residence to express that since the beginning of the case, they have been on the side of the case. of the Sordar and have nothing to do with the Group of 7 Villages against the Sordar.
Lambokstarwell said that the party will come to raise these issues and request the KHADC not to give permission whether it is only to mine uranium or to mine uranium as the Central Government has not stopped. regarding the plan to mine uranium in the State is progressing slowly.
However, she admitted that there may be no defeat here and there because the Congress has been in power for many years in the state but when bad times come, good times also come.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 7: The construction of the National Highway 44 (E) from Shillong to Tura has made it easier for the people to travel and transport and for the drivers.
Kropha said that security forces have been deployed in the most dangerous areas according to the records of last elections in previous years, and more security forces have been deployed in those areas. .
A copy of the letter has been sent to the Commissioner and Secretary, Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the spokesperson said, “I am very pleased to have such an opportunity to visit the 'Lawkyntang. I'm inside you.
it pays the salaries of its employees, buys cars and cars for the ministers.
or spend money to travel around the States and Countries of the world.
Programs come and go endlessly but behind the improvement of the city there is the sadness of the contractors.
Bonney said that if she wins, she will be like a father of trees who will take care of the environment, as she has a lot of knowledge as a former IFS officer.
Amazing said the victory in the Sohiong election is because the NPP leaders have not been able to respond to what he has already said at the meetings.
Sahkhar said that according to the media reports that Bakorlang Lawai received the bill after 10 years of electricity supply, Bakorlang Lawai has been supplied with electricity since November 1, “It has been sending bills every month but now it has not paid even for six months,” said Bah Sahkhar, showing the records of the meter and the bills sent every month.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has decided to dispose of the garbage from the markets and houses of the people from Jowai to Marten, Mawiong. , Shillong.
In the 1st Division, Snapkirang Football Club beat Photjaud Sports & Cultural Club 1-0 with a goal from Pynskhemlang L. Mawlot in the 52nd minute. you're right.
Shillong, Lber 19: The 193rd Battalion of the Border Security Force Meghalaya, on Tuesday, as part of its efforts to ensure the welfare of the residents living along the border with The army also distributed relief goods to the residents of Purnanagar village in East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya.
“If the people don't get paid anymore, they won't even be able to do other unpleasant things,” she said.
The Archbishop invited all the faithful from Jowai, Nongstoin and Tura to take part in the Eucharistic Procession.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that the Congress party will fight to expose those who challenge the work of government departments, as it affects the government's budget.
They said that the former president of KSU Mawlai Circle, Bah Don Boklang Kharlyngdoh, who has served for 16 years in the party, has been expelled from the party within six hours.
Due to the urgency of the matter, Bah Bashai Rai Dohling has suspended his work and handed over to a Dkhar child from India.
When the deadline for submission of applications expired, it was found that no one had submitted their names except Bah Parlingdon Wanlah.
Ravi Shankar Prasad – Minister of Law and Justice; Minister of Communications; and Minister of Electronics and Information Technology9.
The building contains several godowns and the residence of Singhania was damaged in the fire.
Phasmon Dkhar, Executive Member of the JHADC, on Saturday launched a textbook on the use of the AB alphabet in the Jaintia language.
He said 43 schools have been included in the first phase of repairs, 20 in the second phase and 332 in the third phase.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Rongmesek in Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has shown one of the best examples every year. also those who took part in the Hills State movement or the demand for a full state.
The Resource Recovery Center is one of the ways in which it can be said to be a blessing on the other hand as through this Center the rotten waste will be separated for reuse and the non-rotten waste will be separated. those who are not able to do so cannot be done in another way.
Bad so she so.
Similarly, the Mexican government reported that during the year 2022, some 13 journalists of the country were killed.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah RB Shadap, President of Ri Bhoi District Sports Association, in the presence of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA Umroi as the chief guest, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati and many others. old man in this area.
Ardent said that as the leaders of the party, they have already decided what they will do and they cannot just listen to the government to do whatever it wants.
Shillong, July 29: The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (UVL) has given time to Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs and MLA of Mylliem Hima by the 30th of this month to remove the Upper Shillong residents have been involved in MUDA's border crossing including Occupancy Certificate, Labor Cess and others.
He said that these days the newspapers are much better than in the past but they need to be improved.
Nujorki Sungoh, former member of the JSU and MLA of Mowkaiaw constituency, was also present at the reshuffle.
Krishna Thapa (23) was another wicket-taker for Umïam Eagles, while Lakhan Singh took two wickets for 30 runs. Sengchim Momin took 1 wicket for 8 runs, Morningstar Khongwir took 1 wicket for 9 runs, Rahul Shah took 1 wicket for 16 runs and Aditya Singhania took 1 wicket for 31 runs.
Semiconductors are a type of material that is used in all kinds of devices, from mobile phones to military equipment.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 8: In Nongtrai area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point that they are not good. shisha doesn't drive a car.
Looking at the other roads which have been implemented under this 100 days scheme, they have been of great benefit to the residents in the transportation.
Finally, HANM urges the Hima Leaders and Village Leaders to be vigilant and cooperate with the HANM.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 12 cases and 4 cases in Mawlangwir.
A case has been registered at Sadar PS and a thorough investigation is ongoing to track down and identify the bodies.
He said that the MBOSE's requirement to allow 2 hours before the start of the examination to take the Class IX questions is very difficult for those schools which are tens of kilometers away.
Gauff and Sakkari joined Aryna Sabalenka, Jessica Pegula, Caroline Garcia and Ons Jabeur in the tournament.
Nongpoh: KSU Umsning Circle President Samla Lester Nongbet has been summoned to explain to the Umsning Police Outpost.
New Delhi, July 9: The Indian Army on Tuesday admitted that it has launched a search operation for militants involved in the shooting death of 18 soldiers of the 6th Dogra Regiment in Manipur and Manipur. The Indian Army has been working closely with Myanmar.
The Combine XI tried to score but couldn't manage to score 92 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 15.5 overs. .
If it is not resolved now, the conflict will continue for another 50 years.
Karnataka Chief Minister BS Bommai has announced a three-day closure of all schools and colleges due to a protest against the hijab, worn by Muslims.
The four cases in Delhi are Naskar Ali (72) of Baska district, Faharuddin (48) of Baska district, Mustafa Ahmed (60) of Barpeta and Mohammad Ali (65) of Nagaon.
New Delhi, November 9: U Amit Shah, who is close to Narendra Modi, today took over as President of the BJP from Rajnath Singh. who was appointed Minister of Home Affairs of the Government of India.
The waste can be recovered in the form of fertilizer which is best for plants and in the form of other types according to modern science.
There are 149 cases in East Khasi Hills, 113 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ribhoi, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills, 14 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills. Hills and North Garo Hills.
Pope Francis has met and shook hands with Spider-Man at the Vatican while Spider-Man was on a visit to sick children in hospital.
“We will not allow the Governor to delay and if he delays it shows that he doesn't care about us and it is an insult to us Khasi,” said Bah Shylla.
Furthermore, it was found that many of them did not have the necessary documents, such as Police Verification, Labor License and Epic, but what is more surprising is that some of these foreign workers even Epic don't have any.
“The objectives of the soskular include the construction of Pump Storage Hydro Power Projects, the development of Large and Small Hydroelectric Power Projects, and the exploration of opportunities to increase the number of Solar Projects.
Ederson will miss the team's major matches against West Ham and next month's FA Cup final against Manchester United at Wembley.
Shillong: Police have lodged a complaint under Section C No 301/22 U/S 379 of IPC. Shillong: U Bah Gabriel K Iangrai, Chief Superintendent of Police. The Assistant Inspector General of Meghalaya Police, Meghalaya, has been arrested from his residence.
Focus on the spiritual life you expect in your marriage.
These include Under-15 Boys' Singles, Men's Doubles, Under-19 Boys' Singles, Veteran Singles, Veteran Doubles, Men's Singles, and Women's Singles.
“We have worked with the NPP and Congress in JHADC, now I am the Dy CEM,” said Bah Lamdibok.
Four organizations, KSU, RBYF, FKJGP and HNYF from Bhoi District have set up their own Facilitation Center at Umling to visit the state government on Friday.
Hamletson Dohling will hold District Council Affairs, Urban Affairs, Municipal Administration, Information Technology.
Referring to the work done by the Ministry of Arts and Culture, he said that the government has earlier inaugurated the Mot Tirot Sing Syiem in Dhaka.
Sony Kharjana, Advisor of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, has slammed Ampareen Lyngdoh for forgetting herself as a mother and for not thinking anymore. She also asked why the State Government can spend up to Rs 9 crore on medicines for those drug users who want to destroy their own bodies but has not yet. to provide selfless ASHAs for the children of the poor in the villages.
Those who don't have children are lynga.
Thus, it is slow and can be confusing when writing, even if it is slow in speaking.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that 628 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in hospitals and out of these 102 are in critical condition. In the ICU, 227 cases are in Categories C, 150 cases are in Categories A and 184 cases are in Categories B.
The meeting was conducted by Ms. AS Rangad, Advisor of the party who said that the party's goal is to improve the society in many ways.
Not only that, if the people remember that even the festivals were held at the Polo Ground by foreign singers on Sundays, but no one came forward to oppose.
Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng and Mookyrdup have qualified for the quarter finals of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The MSGEF on Friday evening launched the 9th U Kiang Nangbah Indoor Games Competition.
The station, which was imported from Sweden and costs Rs 32 lakh, can immediately report to the CPBC in Delhi and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) in Shillong. this bag.
He added that he aims to bring about economic development in all aspects whether it is in the field of roads, education, agriculture and others.
Drivers under the HTTA who gathered near the Toll Plaza in Pahammawlein, on Tuesday: RupangThis incident happened at 2 pm this morning. The driver of a tourist taxi (ML-05K-7579) was on his way from Guwahati when the driver of a tourist taxi (ML-05K-7579) was arrested.
The PWD department said that the necessary roads have started to be used for small vehicles and the cleaning of the landslides is ongoing. Together with the heads of various government departments, the PWD, Food and Civil Supplies Departments have been directed to start operating petrol and food and electricity vehicles. There are 108 temporary shelters for those who have been displaced and there are many others who have been affected by the floods. They have left these shelters, because the water level has dropped in these days, after the lack of rainfall, which has been going on for three days.
The party has been given a blanket by its members 'Spark'
“People demand and ask for money during elections and the result is that they are the ones who suffer,” said Bah Scott.
“In the last four years, Bah Deng Sohtun has met me as the Prime Minister more than 300 times. “It's just how to get development schemes for the benefit of the people in the constituency,” said Conrad K. Sangma.
Nongpoh, November 1: The Ri Bhoi District Students Union (RBSU) Sengkmie has lodged a complaint with the DC of Ri-Bhoi District demanding that the illegal shops in Ri-Bhoi District should be closed down. These shops are not allowed to operate in the District.
He won gold medals at the Asian Games and Commonwealth Games and was also a Diamond League champion.
Therefore, the party will not hesitate to find out the hidden facts and will not hesitate to reveal all the facts and the party will soon meet with the authorities to demand an explanation on this matter.
Luke, one of the writers of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, in his writing, wrote these words, "THE SON OF MAN WILL DIE AS IT IS WILL BE WITH GOD"
“However, the spread of the disease is due to their selfishness in mixing with their family members and this has led to the spread of the disease,” he added.
The BJP won only seven seats in the new Delhi Assembly.
He said that they have already sent the documents to the education department of Ri Bhoi District, for the purpose of upgrading the school to the SSA, so that the children in the village can “But this request of ours has not reached anywhere and no one has taken the initiative to improve the school,” he added.
The union also expressed its regret that after phonening the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma regarding this issue, the union has not received a reply from him. The Minister said that the state government cannot do anything about this as it is a task run by the National Testing Agency (NTA) from the central government.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that severe punishment will be imposed on those who violate the law after investigation by the police.
They explain the law more than the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of India.
On the other hand, Dr. Arpit Deomurari, one of the skilled researchers in this field, said that to come to Meghalaya for three to five days just to see one bird is not worth it anymore.
Ma Arwotki Sumer, Director of the film Yndae, which was released on 9th October, said that due to the conflict with the fete of the Dorbar Shnong Dulong, the release date of the film has been postponed.
This comes a day after Abhishek Banerjee, who during his visit to Shillong, strongly criticized the Chief Minister and alleged that the NPP-led MDA government is only the tyngshop of the NPP. Admitting that the National General Secretary of AITC is still involved in politics, Prestone said, “He is still involved in many aspects, one is that he has accused without witnesses. I don't think it's a childish thing.
It is also the second time that Iga has taken part in the tournament and now she will prepare to face Russian Veronika Kudermetova in the final.
He said it doesn't matter what the rules have been set by the state government because it is up to it to do it.
However, during the inspection, the union found that there was no attempt to clean up the sanctuary, which was filled with plants, garbage and debris, without any caretaker or supervisor. an.
The villages where the FKJGP leader distributed foodgrains include Umjalasiaw and Mukhnang which fall under Raid Namdong.
Khliehriat, July 20: The MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, has promised to take action to inform the authorities regarding the condition of the National Highway-6 at Narpuh. East Jaintia Hills District and also to improve the PHCs at Umkiang and Lumshnong for the benefit of the people of the area.
UP School in West Jaintia Hills District in accordance with the rules and regulations.
They could not thank (L) Rowell Lyngdoh MLA for the construction of this PMGSY road in the past five years and the incumbent MLA, Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar has succeeded in completing this road in 2017 through this PMGSY scheme which has pleased the residents but unfortunately this road which they had hoped for has been completed by the contractor. The Union of Village Authorities together with the KSU have urged the Contractor to complete the construction of this road immediately. Take action on this request and don't have to go to the higher authorities or have to meet with the Minister in charge of PWD Road of the State Government and also with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma because KSU Mawkyrwat Circle President Pauldep Tongwah said that the contractor works only for 3 months a year but only during the rainy season and during the dry season he does not do anything. KSU Mawkyrwat Circle General Secretary Rutherford Lyngdoh and other members were also present.
In the past few years, during the leadership of (L) PA Sangma, the NPP has won MLAs not only in the North East but also in other states. India like Rajasthan which won four seats under the leadership of Kirodi Lal Meena, the then Independent MP from Rajasthan.
“The department will appoint a Search Committee led by the Chief Secretary and will issue an EOI to those who wish to work as MD of MeECl. review and select them and submit them to the government to become MD".
It is the duty of the government to ensure the income security of the state.
James Syllinga, MDC from Mawhati, said the opposition will bring up the issue of the EC's decision to appoint seven new members besides the Council is in short supply of funds.
Meanwhile, Bah B Sohtun, President of SRS Raid Nongtung, said that from 2013 to 2014, Assam has been continuously suffering from such incidents and it is like a sudden attack by terrorist insurgents.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has not denied that the National People's Party (NPP) will nominate its own candidate for the post of Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Police have recovered the body and are conducting investigation to track down the suspects involved in the murder.
So when the day was arranged, Hep was buried one day by his father, his mother and his brothers.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 3 cases of high risk.
Pragya Thakur, MP of the BJP from Madhya Pradesh, today informed the public that the coronavirus does not want to stand near her and her main protection is to drink alcohol. day, and the cow's milk.
“Because of the difficulties of the hills and rivers, the security forces have not been able to eradicate this group,” said the former IG.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, in a video statement sent to the media on Thursday, said that according to the investigation report submitted by the engineers and contractors, they have informed that the The construction of the Indoor Stadium has cost T.70 crore.
Shillong, July 7: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station against the management of Minerba Educational and Welfare Society at 232, Mahishbhatan, Section V, Salt Lake City, Kolkata. (WB) and said that the Minerba Institute of Medical Technology has signed an agreement with the Director of Employment and Craftsmen Training (DECT), Labor Department, Government of Meghalaya on 5th November, It shall provide training to the students by promising to employ them in nursing and health related fields and shall establish training centers and conduct training programmes.
Furthermore, the FKJGP said that foreign timber traders come to buy timber at low prices from the sawmills to supply timber to other states which also poses a threat to the state from the destruction of forests.
Fighting chronic disease is everyone’s responsibility.
It must be healed from the root first.
Meghalaya is not corrupt but it is those leaders in government who are in power where public money for development has been hidden,” he said.
The young man was arrested on charges of motorcycle theft.
“The Khasi language is the language in which many writers from the Pnar region like Bah RT Rymbai, Bah LG Shullai have taken part in the struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Constitution.
According to information received, the incident happened at around 2 pm on Tuesday, during heavy rain.
Sing Mulieh started contesting the Legislative Assembly elections in the same year as Ma Roy, in 1983 as an Independent candidate.
On the peace and order in the area, the DoNER Minister said that even his department does not look after this but peace is necessary for the implementation of development works.
However, this road has been neglected and no maintenance has been done.
“After November this year, many Congress MLAs will leave the party to join the BJP and other parties,” said John Antonio.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today strongly criticized the remarks of former Indian Minister Vilas Muttemwar, saying that the remarks were an example of politician, belonging to the same family.
Therefore, he urged the government and the leaders to take action to look after the welfare of the people in these border areas, so that they can live like others.
Officials of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency also explained the measures taken by the government in this regard in the state.
In the midst of the heated debate, Bah Tynsong continued to read the history of the case and the relationship with the police department.
Shillong, Lber 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader, Bah Bindo M Lanong, who is also one of the oldest politicians in the world, on Tuesday said that the future of the ethnic parties is bright. It is difficult for them to rise but they remain the same or decline completely because of the lack of a clear and stable mindset like the leaders of the past.
Use a makeup brush or clean hands to apply up and down the eyes or areas of the face.
T.21300 was paid.
Shillong: The ICAR has conducted an Awareness Cum Training Program from 1st to 4th October in four Aspirational Villages on the topic “Production Technology. , Flower, Plantation and Spice Crops" and this training program was conducted by the Division of System Research and Engineering, ICAR Research Complex for NEH Region, Umiam, Meghalaya with the support of Krishi Vigyan Kendra. These villages include Jetra, Maheshkola, Sawokolgre and Langdongdai village in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Labour and Employment, Bhupender Yadav today launched the e-Shram portal and handed it over to the States/UTs in the presence of Rameswar Teli, Minister of State for Child Development. the Ministry of Labor and Employment and Petroleum & Natural Gas.
However, Akshay felt that his wife Twinkle Khanna would like them and brought them home.
Bah Pynshai said that this sudden establishment without consultation with the owners or contractors of the shyiap and quarries will lead to misunderstanding between the people and the government.
In the women's category, Maidensoben Lyngkhoi won, Rymbai fourth and Suroi Dozo fourth.
to mention the Khasi from different Thymmei – how can I not reach that mention of one Jaitbynriew by one Name! According to my understanding and that of some scholars, the term “Khasi-Pnar” refers to 'u Pnar' who has the Khasi Thymmei (It does not refer to all the Khasi on one side and the Pnar alone in one fourth Liang).
This statement of Bah Bindo should have surprised the leaders of the indigenous people in the state that other ethnic groups do not prefer the national party.
HYC Jaintia Hills District President Robert June Kharjahrin and CEC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem today visited Lapangap to meet with the Village Leaders and CEC Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem. The residents as part of the encouragement and also to congratulate them for their courage to stand up to protect the land and their border.
The Pariat Marketing Agency has urged the police to investigate thoroughly into this illegal activity which affects the income of the state and you country.
On the other hand, the CEM of JHADC, said that he will do his utmost to help these families through the Lanot Assistance Scheme.
Earlier, Rodrigo, during a meeting with Filipinos in South Korea, said, “If this is the God of the Catholic religion, then it is a lie.
The word 'pynshad shrieh' means to do something wrong or to do something wrong just to avoid being guilty or being accused without having any intention of doing the right thing.
Donkamlang Marngar scored in the 42nd minute, Gedion Mawiong in the 45th minute, Aaron Dohling in the 54th minute and Ibanroi Shangdiar in the 66th minute.
The Seng alleged that it was M/S Tanor Engineering Company (JV) which constructed this road.
The retired MCS officer has benefited from the dispute between Mukul Sangma and PN Syiem.
He said that the demand of the VPP to revise the reservation policy is not to discriminate against anyone or to deprive anyone of their rights but to be fair and harmonious between the two ethnic groups in the state. Meghalaya.
So far, we have not seen what the State Government has said on this issue and what the new Minister of Home Affairs has said on this issue, but what has happened in the area is All the political parties, public leaders and government leaders should strongly condemn the act and the reason is that this act does not mean that it is a border dispute, but a destruction. kput and thew ruh (imat) not to injure the people, who have no weapons to protect themselves.
On the other hand, the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, President of the Seng Khasi Seng Raij Children's Club, in a statement to the media, said that the purpose of the tournament is to lay the foundation for the children from an early age so that they can learn to live and know man and know God.
The snowfall and the snowstorm are also excessive.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday said that the police have been conducting patrols in the Khyndailad area to fight against the traffickers. These cases not only involve the sale of bodies to humans, but also cause many troubles and chaos.
On Saturday, there was a training on 'Jingtrei Mission for Youth in the Future' by T.Bn.
Shah said there are still many backward areas and therefore the Cabinet has decided that 30% of the budget will be spent on these backward areas so that they can get development.
The quarter final on Saturday will be between Mukhla Umlangchor and Newhill at 11.00 pm.
The Seng would like to thank all the Church authorities, writers and teachers who have taken the initiative to urge the Government to declare the 22nd July every year as a public holiday.
The victory or defeat of a good candidate depends on them.
The aim of the Supercare hospital itself is to be the light bearers in the new health care system according to the modern age, methods and ways of thinking related to health.
Samla John Lyngdoh, President of KSU Nongpoh Circle, said that the reason why the KSU has expressed its dissatisfaction with the Trading License by the KHADC Police, is after the Police Enforcement. The KHADC has not informed the members of the KSU, although the KSU Nongpoh Circle has lodged a complaint with the CEM of the KHADC in the past few days. CEM on the issue of foreigners who have come to Nongpoh without any court documents or authorities.
The state government in the updated blueprint has proposed to allocate 1.4 acres of land for the relocation of 342 Harijan households as the existing land of the SMB is not yet available. enough to cover them all.
The New Education Policy (NEP) is another policy that has been decided by the Government of India and we know that education is the subject of the State Government. let's see what happens next.
Ebortre Dkhar, Kitboklang Rngad, Newson Pyrbot and Jemi Laloo of Lion Sports and Youth Affairs took one wicket each.
The dismissal of these two officers has angered seven political parties in Jaintia Hills, including AJSU Sengkmie, RJYF Sengkmie, JSU Sengkmie, HNYF East Jaintia, JSM CB, ENJC CB, HANM East Jaintia Hills. .
Messi has also expressed his desire to return to his former club, but has expressed fear that the financial crisis of the club as a whole has also led to his desire to return to his former club. The player has been suspended for the extension of his contract as it happened in 2021 and may happen again in the coming years.
It is a pride and joy that Shillong Lajong has been selected for the first time to host this big tournament. from all over the country to take part in this tournament for the first time.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: The Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today honored 108 young men and women who have brought fame and glory to the district at the 5th Meghalaya Games four football players from Ri-Bhoi who represented the state in the 6th Khelo India Youth Game which was held recently in Tamil Nadu. The winner of the tournament.
In fact, we would have liked to hear in a language that we understand,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh: A sudden fire broke out inside a timber factory in Borbhuin village this morning at 12 or 1 pm. The factory, known as Makhon Bhog Timber, suddenly caught fire which caused severe damage and caused a huge loss to the owner of the factory.
While drinking, he asked me.
On the other hand, they also requested the government to turn its attention to such youths, because to take part in such events requires the support of the government because there are many needs for the family. they shall not be able to support it.
He urged the people to elect Bah Sanbor as MP because he is in the party that will rule India and he is sure that the BJP will win again in this MP election.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers' Association (MGLPSCTA) on Tuesday said that they will stand at the Secretariat with their children. If the government continues to ignore the request for the re-appointment of teachers who have been suspended since July,
Shillong, March 7: The CSWO will hold a Mombati lighting ceremony on the 9th at Khyndailad at 6 pm as a sign of condolence and protest against the rape of a child in Khyndailad. It is located 8 km from Williamnagar.
Meanwhile, Dr. War said that all the high-risk and low-risk contacts of the patients from the Shillong Times office have tested negative and all of them are still under quarantine.
As a community leader, he also asked for the support of the community to cooperate with the health department in order to educate others on the harmful effects of tobacco and on the other hand to encourage “The government should also set up rewards for those who can quit smoking so that we can reach the goal of avoiding the effects of tobacco,” he added. .
In 1921, the mission in North East India was entrusted to the Salesian Society of Don Bosco.
These measures will increase the income of farmers, strengthen traditional organic farming methods, preserve soil fertility and ensure food security.
“I was not injured, but I had to break the door of the train door to get out.
His wife says nothing but says they are lucky together.
The song was produced by Ebk Sutnga Studio and produced by the Ngaitnud Team.
On the other hand, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew donated T.1.21 lakh to Kongthong Village in the presence of Raid Kongthong Sordar Teibor Lynrah, Secretary Stogent Lynrah, Samla. Mr. Rothell Khongsit.
If the rain continues for several days, the villagers will find it difficult to harvest their crops.
There will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of the state and heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
And if any top team does not participate, there will be no replacement for the team.
There are 32 students who have sat for this examination this year 2022 and they have passed in the 1st Division. and respect not only the school, but also their family and the community as a whole.
He passed his MA from Allahabad University, M.Sc from Madras University and Ph.D.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Isynei Hinge, Leader of the Young Minds Association, said that the Young Minds Association was founded in 2017 by a few young and strong members. With the desire to work and serve for the good not only in Bhoirymbong but also in other villages of Ri-Bhoi and in the last few years they have done many charitable deeds to donate to the families. They are poor and rich to build houses even though they don't have the strength to build houses on the streets but by covering them with siej just to escape the rainy day and through these small jobs, God has not left them to work. for the good of society and many blessings come from behind.
The HYC does not stand idly by, the HYC troops are vigilant, and the horkit hordang will not allow any foreigners to enter the country.
This action of the policeman seems to have an intention to take the lives of those inside the shop including the shopkeepers and customers.
Don't come near here, but take off your sandals from your feet, for the place where you are standing is holy ground.
In another raid, 181 Bn BSF and Meghalaya Police seized about 12,000 kilograms of sugarcane intended for smuggling to Bangladesh through the border of South Garo Hills, Meghalaya. .
Bah Buhphang Nengnong, EFC Mawsynram Block, during the training, said that Soh niamtra from Wahkhen, Mawphu and Nongsteng has been known to be the best soh niamtra. However, he said that if the residents of these villages are willing that their soh will be produced by these villages, there will be no problem for them to reach that goal.
In West Jaintia Hills, the tournament will be held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai while in East Jaintia Hills, the tournament will be held at Dkhiah West Stadium.
By providing employment opportunities, people can earn, live and work, relieve hunger.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Public Account Committee, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters after the meeting.
Earlier, Principal Secretary KN Kumar said that the Aqua Mission is one of the nine objectives of the government through the Meghalaya Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program to improve the income of the people. the state.
However, the EC led by Thombor Shiwat as Chief Executive Member (CEM), which is also led by the NPP and UDP, has not been able to implement the demands of the workers, especially at this time. Christmas, New Year and especially the demand for school fees.
Expressing his goal to win the election, Dr. Syngkon said the party is well prepared to contest the election.
He said that at this time of fighting between Israel and Palestinian Hamas in Gaza, the situation around the country's universities has become tense and unstable. to more racially diverse students.
According to the General Secretary of the UDP, in fact Bah Shylla has knowledge in the field of law but his lack of permission has affected a lot.
The Ministry of Sports also congratulated the teams that will represent the state in the Subroto Mukherjee Cup International Football Tournament 2022 to be held in New Delhi.
The question now is why groups have come out to protest against the closure of the festival on Sunday.
“We announce that we will talk for the sake of peace, and hope that the talks with the government will be successful,” said the Chairman of the UALA. to end the violence in Lum Garo.
The Kur Leaders who attended the ceremony were Bah Bini Mawrie Rangbah Kur, Bah Leonard Arun Mawrie President, Bah Ernest Mawrie Working President and others. Mylliem, Paiem Named Beautiful King.
Jowai, Lber 25 : The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) on Saturday concluded the All Jaintia Open Boxing Championship 2023 in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, District Sports Officer, Jowai. The 2013 FIFA World Cup will be held for two days from today at Ladthadlaboh Cow Ground, Jowai.
He said that he cannot say anything about the incident as he was not in Shillong and he was returning from Jaintia Hills. Those who do this will understand and not be guilty of wrongdoing or wrongdoing.
The report also stated that the raid was urgent and chaotic and intimidating by the Tactical Team-I. In fact, he should have been arrested alive and not shot dead.
" And in this writer's assessment, this is the root of all the confusion.
“I would like to thank the Department of Arts and Culture and those who have been involved in the creation of this song and I would like to thank them for their hard work from writing the lyrics and the beautiful voice,” he said. state.
The health sector includes the distribution of water. 3.85 out of 100 people are residents of our villages.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem today handed over new certificates to the 30 Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai Town Dorbar, Shilliang Umkhen, Mawpat and Pynthorumkhrah.
Dawki: The illegal parking of truck drivers carrying stone to Bangladesh, from Dawki to Tamabil, has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers who use the road. this is the road.
“The residents of several villages in the Hima Nonglang Sirdarship West Khasi Hills District, initially, immediately after seeing and hearing the speech of Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, during his inauguration, Speaking in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, they laughed and rejoiced so much that they immediately burnt the bombs.
It is through such experiences that if they don't get what they want, they don't even steal or loot from their homes without hesitation even if they have to do anything and if someone steals. they don't even take the life of a man.
Shillong, Nailar 12: A meeting was held today to discuss the issue of peace and order, at the invitation of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, especially ahead of the Independence Day celebrations.
Referring to the match between these two teams, it was a very interesting match and it was very exciting for the spectators who came to witness the final, but by the end of the first half they finished. with a 0-0 draw.
Shanmuganathan was fond of traditional songs and dances and after the performance, he donated books to these dancers and singers.
They also discussed the Assured Career Progressive Scheme and other issues of teachers besides submitting a letter to the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) regarding the shortage of textbooks.
Speaking on the occasion, u Vincent announced that he will donate up to 5 lakh tyngka to the group for the construction of the village ground and directed the President of the group to provide the funds as soon as possible. documents so that he can release the cheque.
In those days, irrespective of traffic constraints, security problems, problems coming from bandhs and chakkaa jams and also lack of resources, we used to be very keen to get to talk to the people of this area, to see and understand the rights and also to discuss the problems and how to solve them.
The passage of this Bill will enable the Central Government to move forward with the settlement of the border with Bangladesh and other neighboring countries.
In a statement, the Co Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah John F Kharshiing said that the authorities of the country want young people from the North East to come and work.
Bah Adelbert said that such incidents should not happen again because it will lead to ethnic discrimination, but such incidents should be stopped.
Guwahati: U Rameswar Teli, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today blocked the road in Naharkatia, Upper Assam's Dibrugarh district, by protesters against the CAB. In India, he was attacked by members of the All Assam Students' Union (AASU) and other civil society groups.
Besides the speeches on the work of God, on this day, the voice of the youth was also raised to fight against the spread of drugs which has destroyed many young people of the society. and to eradicate these evil deeds and especially drugs, it is necessary to have the cooperation of the Church, the villages, the parents and all those who have the responsibility to protect the youth from tyrsim. destruction of the drug.
This meeting with the Rangbah Shnong was because these houses which have been left empty and there are about four houses have already been built, but because they have not been distributed to 40 households. for the people sit down in the night to do evil.
At the time of writing, the names and addresses of the injured have not been released.
In Amlarem, the candidates who have emerged so far include MLA Stephanson Mukhim and Lahkmen Rymbui of the Congress while the UDP, one of the prominent ethnic parties in the state, has not yet announced which candidate will contest. .
The question is why don't we have that spirit of compassion, sympathy, compassion for others or that spirit of encouragement for each other? Why don't you get what you get? Why do we encourage a saying that says “the more you get, the more you want”.
Those who visit these shops on the 4th of July 2020, after 5 pm, are advised to stay at home.
“Therefore, we have the desire to produce a person who is close to Maieid in his working methods and intelligence. We request you all members to phone us on 8794799894, because we need your advice on how to strengthen the party to do many things for the preparation of the future of the region in terms of development. Shillong: After seeing the anger of the youth of the state by writing, Bah Michael Thongni, General Secretary, NAU, said: The Leader of the Opposition in the House has demanded that the Central Government should immediately implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. Dr Mukul Sangma has said that the NDA government led by the BJP in the Central Government will not fight politics on the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP). which is a matter of great concern to the people of the state.
“We have discussed at the Review Meeting held today, regarding the Jingkieng Dwar Ksuid and this road has been looked after by the NHAI and now they are carrying out repairs and after 3 days it will be allowed again. There will be a rule that vehicles cannot carry more than the limit when passing through this area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The Congress MLAs on Tuesday said that the Congress MLAs are like a stone that doesn't know how to speak.
The union said that although the Land Port Authority of India has not taken action, the PWD should do something about this so that the road will not be damaged further.
The pollution of Khyndai Lad from 456 shops and also from the market vendors has been severe in the evening when people have spread garbage on the streets and this has affected especially to foreigners who visit this city.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, it was reported that on Tuesday night at 11:00 pm, a person was sleeping lyngktop in the middle of the road. Laitkor road is not known.
A case has been filed against them under the Arms Act and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and the investigation is ongoing, he said.
This terrible incident happened on the premises of a contractor who is constructing roads in this village.
EM incharge Evening Star Teron said that a joint inspection has been conducted between the Market Department and the Forest Department of the council to find a suitable garbage dump and the report is being examined by the EC. Regarding the municipal garbage dump, the council has set rules if it is in any place to dump garbage, but they must be in accordance with the agreement with the council.
Likewise, this training program will one day stand as a great example in the community.
I don't have anything against the people because the poor benefit when they get money so why should we blame the people because they don't go to the market.
The letter also alleged that Bah M.Kharkrang has urged his supporters to prevent the VPP from winning the election from North Shillong Constituency.
Meanwhile, Deborah's faction has alleged that Deborah's defeat by the NPP candidate was due to Dr Mukul's fraud to support an independent candidate from within. She alleged that Deborah had a close relationship with BJP leader from Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma, which led to her defeat in the election.
He recalled that during his tenure as Minister of Home Affairs in the past years, there was a terrible protest in the state for the MBOSE issue and the government was confused and could not “I have called for talks with the GSU in Lum Garo, no matter how much talks we have, I have touched the neck of the President of the GSU to request the removal of the GSU. After the protests came out, the DG said to me, 'You have destroyed your dignity by doing so.' I said, 'Not for the sake of peace and order. “I don't care if what I do is for the benefit of the people,” said the Sohiong MLA.
Thus, for 100 years now, members of the Church and other residents have contributed to the Hospital through donations and donations, besides physically serving as its employees.
Nongkynrih Sports Club won by beating 7 Bros 3-1
Shillong, Nailur 12: The MDCs of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday unanimously decided not to accept the government's decision to implement the CrPC and CPC Act in the courts under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. The court has the authority to hear the case under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, said Bah Titos Chyne CEM of KHADC after the meeting of all the MDCs to discuss the issue.
Most of the visitors are Khasi during the rainy season and during the dry season, mostly foreigners.
Shillong, Naitung 3: After receiving a tip on the disappearance of a young woman from her home, police in collaboration with her family members who have been searching for information about her, have found her from Guwahati.
This should not end here, but the government needs to take measures to look after and promote such activities related to environmental protection.
Shillong/Jowai, Nailur 13: Following the arrest of four employees of Jowai District Jail on Friday, the state government has a goal to bring about new changes in the MPSC. Three prison employees have been temporarily suspended and two others have been dismissed on Tuesday. God this week.
He said the party is now strengthening in different parts of the state for the upcoming two elections.
The two winners were Weibha Nongtdu Lakiang of North Liberty Higher Secondary School and Felicia Dan of Jaintia Secondary School.
Therefore, the duty of the mother to take care of her child is to follow the customs she has received from her mother's womb or from her rympei and this duty begins from the birth of the child until the birth of the child. Whether you are a human being or a human being, whether you are poor or rich, whether you are in the city or in the countryside, whether you are a Christian or a Hindu or a Muslim, care and education since they are young, with love that goes hand in hand with discipline.
One of them, 32, is from Jiribam district and the other, 25, is from Thoubal district.
“We have decided to close the entry point set by the state government from 1st to 7th November,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. The month of November means that this will be held every first month and will continue until the month of November.
It is a very comprehensive book which only MDCs can and should read carefully.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the illegal construction of this road and at the same time the union urges and warns the contractors and the relevant authorities, to continue if they cannot work properly. If you don't have the right to do it, you can do what you need.
The meeting was held in the presence of the Wahehchnong, Bah M Phalangki, who congratulated the MLCU for holding the seminar in the village.
Rupang today visited the shops from Motphran to Them Bijoy and saw that most of the shops selling juti (Bata) are Khasi faces, although they have been cleaned. Along with the sellers of alumuri, there are also sellers of juti and others.
According to the owners of the land, the incident occurred in the past few days, in which the incident showed that it was an act of enmity by some robbers whose intention was to long to take possession of these lands, which are in the fields.
It is one of the most common thyroid disorders and is not dangerous.
During a funeral in the city of Seriate, a priest was seen burying 45 coffins in the church of San Giuseppe.
The price of the masks is T.5 each and T.42 each, but it is learned that the pharmacies sell from 100 to 250 tyngka per mask.
Shillong: U Tymmen Basan England Shylla, of the Lummawbah Church of Photjaud District, near Mawkyrwat, on Tuesday denied that there was any discussion on the issue of Aadhar in the sermon. long on the 25th June 2018 at this village.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nangbah Unit on Friday closed down the Punjab National Bank, Nangbah Branch for failing to provide full service to the public.
The Government of India's current aim is to ban the use and manufacture of single-use plastics, plastic bags and others, said Chandra Kishore Mishra, Head of the Ministry of Environment. .
Forget the vote bank otherwise it will turn against your children and grandchildren.
In the protest, the angry residents and rawon also attacked the suspect involved in smuggling fish from abroad and also the authorities who tried to protect him and took him to the Dorbar Hall. while the organizers of the competition fled the scene.
Fire engines rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire, police said.
He said how can he oppose the Governor's speech in Hindi because he has heard that the VPP and its candidates also speak Hindi in Pynthorumkhrah and in North Shillong during the election campaign.
Step by Step School, Shillong today celebrated its 75th Anniversary on November 2,
In the middle of the Advance Christmas celebration, the NPP candidate from North Shillong sang Christmas song with the elderly and also distributed gifts to these residents including children and people with disabilities. that members.
He said that the Aadhar registration office at Lachumiere has started to close down and the matter has been taken to the office of the Deputy. Commissioner East Khasi Hills.
Therefore, the Kurs demanded that the police should accept the complaint and start an investigation so that those involved in the incident can be arrested and the deceased girl and her relatives can be arrested. , they will receive a fair trial.
Shillong: Three leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have arrived in Shillong to attend a peace talks with the Government.
Leading leaders of the party from President DH Pde, Vice President David Blah, General Secretary M Challam today came forward to inform the public of the strong consequences if anyone is found destroying or damaging. The Myntdu River is especially affected by the floods.
The 42MW Power Generator at Leshka Power Station has collapsed in June.
If the state government has adopted the law on social distancing in offices, liquor shops, markets and without fail, if they talk to the church authorities, they should walk With the same rule, perhaps it would have been better for the churchgoers to follow this rule which is in accordance with the laws of the government.
Khimusniang Presbyterian Sec School will play against Nartiang Presbyterian H/S School at 11.00 pm.
On 10th June 2022, the HNLC sent a letter to the State Government expressing its readiness to come to the peace talks table without any conditions.
Ecclesiastes 8:6–7.
Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you (Matt. 28:19-20).
Turning to the constituencies which are more clear and difficult to be defrauded of money, here they should ask many questions to their MLAs regarding the way they work in the constituencies. more than four years.
They left not one stone upon another: Jerusalem and the temple in Jerusalem were destroyed.
In 2022 we have just reached the 50th anniversary of our independence from Assam, and also in 2023 it is time to move like water, but do we still have the same attitude to choose the winner? money before the vote, or whether we should be responsible for who has the understanding, the vision, the model he wants to implement for the development of the State and so on.
Therefore, many of the leaders of our state know only how to distribute schemes, but they do not know how to design for the country.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) has said that it is a great victory for the party after the Supreme Court today announced that it will not be able to hold a meeting with the party. that there is no special role to force school children to take the TIKA (Vaccine) against Covid-1
Nosting Siangshai, mother of Sannio Siangshai, resident of Mooralong, Jowai, passed away on 19th November
Right Mr. PowellThe explanations of those verses are correct and accurate. It is not only a prayer but a great gift to Lynsey.
The new leaders of the CoRP Central Zone include Samla Shining Kyntla as President, Winson Laloo as Vice President, Maurice Lyngdoh as General Secretary and others.
On the 2nd at 9:15 pm, a truck (AS-01AC-8349) was seized at Byrnihat (RB).
Shillong, November 1: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Abu Taher Mondal, on Tuesday suggested to the state government to include HIV/AIDS as one of the subjects in schools so that students can learn HIV/AIDS. They will get more detailed information on the disease, how to treat and prevent it.
According to Babu Birbor, more than 800 teachers have been affected.
This depends on the wisdom or folly of the farmers, the condition of the soil, and other factors such as the temperature of the area.
The teachers under the banner of JACATAM have been on strike since 27th July.
The Seng rejects the statement of Bah Ardent that we have spoken badly or disrespectfully of Fr Sngi.
Ma Justin Dkhar, the Chief Guest, also gave a warning speech and encouraged the members not to spread the accusation but to walk in the path of righteousness and work hard for the sake of the country and you are a nation.
The speakers expressed their views on the debate, which went around the issues related to the bill which will no longer count Khasi women and their children married as Khasi. you are not a Khasi.
This is a special characteristic of this man,” said Dr Roy.
The registration process will be from 1st to 3rd October until 3 pm.
However, due to the introduction of the Administrator Rule at that time, the Council has suspended this proposal,” he said.
Earlier, the Rotary Club visited the Jowai Presbyterian Church, Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Khimusniang Presbyterian Church, Mynthong Presbyterian Church, Jowai Unitarian Church, CNI Resurrection Church Jowai and Seinraij Jowai.
Therefore, I urge the people not to believe in such leaders who only know how to point fingers at others and feel self-righteous because such allegations do not bring benefits to the future of the nation”.
The chief guest, Bah FR Kharkongor, announced the literature that was written from the mind and heart of Myllung Soso Tham in those years when society was still in its infancy. The foreign government ruled and Khasi literature was still in its infancy.
The Khasi-Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) has stopped buying cows from the cow market in Khanapara and elsewhere.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongrum said that the closure of the area (Them Ïew Mawlong) has affected the traffic, the traffic, the coming and going and the daily life in the city. He said that the Government should take responsibility for this.
The Union Ministers who attended the meeting also shared their views and goals related to the North East and the challenges that the Union Government needs to address.
At present, there is a heated debate whether to implement the Roster System from 1972 or from now.
Perhaps those who came to Israel knew about that incident, that it was not right to preach or tell them about that Jesus, because they said they knew who Jesus was? In fact, they did not recognize that he was their Messiah whom they had been waiting for.
Finally, it is about the arrival of foreigners and that is the custom of us Khasi, we respect foreigners and the villagers who are open, as soon as the khar die tiar jot arrives, they They called in the household, they gave us milk and so on and in the household chores, the household chores, the bill calls and even in the search for questions, we were driven away by poi ei suda and This is the custom of the Khasi.
The office of the Dorbar Shnong Tuberkmai Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District has banned the public from fishing within the boundary of Tuberkmai Shnong from 14 September to 30 November
According to him, “The Church does not support or oppose any group.
This incident made Rida very sad.
The meeting was conducted by S.Budnah, IFS and concluded with welcome speeches by S.Ch.
The place is decorated with flags and forty kinds of Christmas decorations.
The leader of the party, Bah W.Rani, said that the party does not oppose or allow the construction of the railway line but as it is now, the party does not want to implement it until it can. Comprehensive Mechanism to ensure that it will curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the State.
This school was scored by Pynshngainmiki Papang 36′.
HITO Ribhoi District under the leadership of Bah Ban Kharnaior, President, appealed to the public not to take sting and to be careful when walking or standing, so that they do not get mad this apot as a young man.
However, there are still many things that need to be done which cannot be completed within five years,” said Gigur Myrthong.
“How are you strong at home?" she asked.
He said that the residents living on the border have been facing harassment from the Assam authorities but Ma Vincent who has been MP for two terms or 40 years has never raised this issue. in Parliament because he went there but sat quietly.
In Meghalaya, MePDCL has been selected to implement SAUBHAGYA. The Government of Meghalaya has submitted a letter to the Government of India in June 2018 expressing its wish to implement SAUBHAGYA, and in June submitted the proposal/DPR which shows that the implementation will amount to T.1,876.15 crore for the provision of electricity to 1,49,826 households.
The raid took place in the area under the jurisdiction of Ranikor Police Station.
If anyone objects, he will be punished according to local laws.
On the part of the President of the Caring Cohorts, Samla Silvester Mawthoh, he said that as a group of friends, we have come together to look after the needs of the community and also to support some of the training programmes. Sati Raja Memorial Sec.School Umsning is still facing many shortcomings from classrooms to roads and many other shortcomings. The fundraising team has decided to hold a three-day Winter Festival starting today.
“The appearance in the newspapers has surprised us, because this is an issue that the Assembly has not yet resolved, this is the issue of the Church.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that important recommendations came out of the meeting which discussed the need to strengthen the fight against drug trafficking.
Madonbai Rymbai said that if the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule is approved, the term of office of the councils can be extended for another six months and the elections can be held after the division of the constituencies.
West Jaintia Hills also won the U-16 boys category by winning 15 medals including 9 gold, 5 silver and 1 bronze.
Choose no longer just a shit.
The most important question is why only the shops of small and medium-sized grocery stores have been closed down, why haven't the pups/discoes been closed down? If you are on the road to Laitumkhrah, you will be affected.
There are 23 candidates who have sat for the SSLC Exam and 20 candidates have passed – 2 candidates have received distinction.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 17: The office of the Manager of Sankur Ri Kynti Khaiñ Nonglang and Mawkyrwat Hat has announced that the polling day will fall on 27/2/2 of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The Joint Director said that this disease (if found) affects the cows without milk as they cannot give milk, on the other hand which leads to a huge loss to the farmers.
“Although there will be a fight in Khasi Hills, we have already prepared how to fight,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
However, the Supreme Court also said that the Deputy Commissioner has the authority to shut down those coal factories so that they cannot operate.
It is learned that the incident occurred near Laitlyngkot.
Even the money returned by the Job Cards on 28.04.2022 has been read by the Secretary Shnong which is more than T.3 lakh (tyngka) but this money has not been found in the Audit Report of the Village. Linda asked where the money is and demanded that the Waheh Shong should explain.
Nongpoh, Nov 4: The Executive Committee of the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (NCA) held a meeting on Tuesday, Nov 2, 2022 at its office in Umbuda, Nongpoh. and also to send cricketers including male and female cricketers under the age of 16 to Guwahati for training at the academy.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : Mawlai SC played against Ryntih SC in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Friday.
A Hyundai Verna, which was parked at the central workshop, was found to have a fake number plate without the name of the vehicle. which officers, to use in the course of their duty.
The Chief Minister appealed to the residents of the state especially in Shillong to refrain from leaving the country unless it is essential as the situation is not good.
During these days of lockdown, there are schools that provide online education to children.
In this regard, the Government has decided to consider and submit a blueprint.
An American group, which also includes volunteers in various parts of the world, working for the cleanliness of the oceans, cleans them every year. By the middle of 2020, its Volunteers have received more than 107,219 PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) items at different coasts of the world.
“Class 11 students should not miss classes this year because the union itself in the past years, has demanded from the government to open step schools for the students who have missed classes due to low admissions. The JSU is very grateful to the education department of the state government and the DC of West. Jaintia Hills together with the DSEO to start step school this year 2022 after the dropout of many class 11 students in Jaintia Hills.
Behdeinkhlam is a ritual to ward off the plague.
The CoRP is deeply concerned about this illegal trade, where the owners are named only to get a monthly salary while the Dkhars who claim to be contractors become the owners of the job and wealth.
Other ministers include Kalraj Mishra, former BJP president in Uttar Pradesh, Maneka Gandhi, Ananth Kumar, Ravi Shankar Prasad, who will hold the post, Narendra Singh Tomar, Madhya Pradesh BJP leader Jual Oram, Radha Mohan Singh and Prakash Javadekar will be the Information Ministers of the Government of India.
Finally, they urged the people of Pynursla area not to believe in the scientific tricks of others to mislead but to work to promote this party which will provide the best service to the people.
Greetings were also received from the Mawkyrwat and Mawlangwir Youth Associations.
On TV, watch Test cricket or IPL.
Khliehriat, July 10: U Bah Training Phawa in a statement has clarified that according to the reports appearing in the media and social media is wrong and inconsistent and has nothing to do with the complaint against him.
There are many issues to be discussed between India and Bangladesh and these include border relations, mutual respect and peace and trade. and others.
Speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of Gram Swaraj Abhiyan on Ajeevika and Kaushal Vikas Diwas on Saturday at the Multi-Use Convention Centre, NEHU, Shillong, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “You There should be a goal to become job creators and employers not only employees but the sad thing is that many Khasi and Pnars are interested only in eating and drinking and they just get it. installment money or first payment, they are gone".
Also present at the meeting were Mylliem MLA Hamlet Dohling who spoke on behalf of Teilinia and Teilinia's father Pynshai Manik Syiem.
He said the North East has introduced policies that will benefit the two regions and added that Thailand's desire to set up a mini FTA in four states within India. , including in Assam will further strengthen trade relations.
“We believe that it (the distribution of drugs) is a waste of public money.
This is not because the Khasi women are lyngkar, but because the nation as a whole in its customs and traditions has become lyngkar.
For this reason, God does not reveal Himself as rich, powerful, proud, but He reveals Himself as the lowest poverty until the Son of God was born in a stable in Bethlehem.
The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) in a statement sent by Babu A.Kharbangar General Secretary today announced that the meeting of SSA teachers in East Khasi Hills District will be held on Tuesday. The meeting will be held on the 19th of March at Riatsamthiah Community Hall, Shillong at 11 am.
As of Sunday, there are 932 policemen in quarantine to prevent the spread of covid 19, Singh said.
At present, there are only two simcards used by the public, one for Jio and one for Vodafone.
I cannot speak specifically about the illegal smuggling of coal but I speak in general that the law enforcement agencies should eradicate any illegal activity as soon as it starts before it spreads”.
The closure is for all shops, commercial and business establishments.
It is worth mentioning that there are tens of thousands of teachers in Meghalaya who have completed the D.El.
The chief guest who will take part in the opening ceremony will be the MLA of the constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
“We cannot do anything about this loss,” said Admiral DK Joshi, Chief of Naval Staff, while talking to reporters after the Defense Minister visited the Navy base at the naval dock.
Such incidents should not happen again.
He said that after 2017 through the Northeast Capital Cities Investment Program scheme, they have distributed garbage dumps, which have been set up to store rotten and non-rotten garbage, so that they can dispose of rotten and non-rotten garbage. trucks that come and take them from the villages.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has approved the Amendment Rules, 2013 which aims to divide the MDC constituencies.
Shaktimans trucks and houses were parked on the street.
Bah Martin M Danggo Ex- MLA Ranikor Constituency.
The Waheh Shnong of Saphai, Anthony Bareh, said that the incident may have happened in the afternoon as some of the residents saw them sleeping in the thwei.
The UDP Central Body has confirmed to give ticket to Reniton Lyngdoh Tongkhar from the UDP Central Body. part of the election in
Four students from each school were selected for this competition. Two students took part in Slogan Writing and 2 students in Drawing.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa said that only one suspect has been arrested so far.
The shouts of praise in Jerusalem were in vain because they did not know that he was the King of the Jews but they shouted blindly, “King, when in their hearts there was nothing.
I want to clarify that I came here to serve honestly and not to steal the money of the people of Mylliem,” he said.
They also expressed their forgiveness to the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui; He promised to count the salaries of the teachers if they continue the strike and said that if they do not return to their schools.
Shillong, Nailar 23: Despite opposition from almost all sides, the construction of the casino at Jorabad, Ri Bhoi District has progressed smoothly.
“Three of them entered the bank and demanded to withdraw all the money but when the employees of the bank refused they shot three bullets and it was at that time that they broke the cash box. lakh 27 thousand tyngka from the bank.
Henderson also joined Al-Ettifaq from Saudi Arabia after leaving Liverpool last season after failing to play well for Ajax in July.
He said that the shop provides free eye treatment to the people who come to the shop which has qualified eye doctors who have completed their specialized training only for the purpose of eye care. ( Specialist).
Sai Yei Sap Production & Entertainment invites and invites all those who wish to become actors or actresses to act in its film production.
“What is needed is that these buoys should work and bring fruit and benefit to the state,” he said.
It was learned that it was the police chief who was on patrol in the area and witnesses at the scene, who fought hard to extinguish the fire and take the man to hospital that day.
Even if it is a provisional mark sheet, they should have checked it before giving the result,” he said.
The pastors, in their complaint, said that the Aadhar registration has resumed in parts of East Khasi Hills from this month and therefore they demand that the program should be canceled without delay.
A dignified and dignified life means a life of sufficient income and wages, sufficient food and fish morning and evening, sufficient shelter to live in and clothing to wear. protection from rain, adequate education to avoid poverty, adequate health and good and affordable health care.
There is no law to exempt the coal mines in Jaintia Hills from the Coalmines Nationalization Act.
According to the residents of Shella, it takes about 10 hours to reach Sohra if the road is good.
After the incident, Amita's children were frightened and called their mother, who rushed home.
Jowai, Nailar 26: The Publicity Secretary of Nongjing Elaka, Bah Riyoo Pulang, on Tuesday said that the passing away of the Doloi of Nongjng Elaka, Lyngngong Snieh, is a great loss. the whole Elaka, especially the boundaries and the rule of law, as well as the religion, customs and traditions and others.
Shillong, July 27: The Executive Committee of JACATAM will hold a meeting on the 1st June 2017 at the Youth Hostel, Shillong at 11 am.
The scheme is not only for the construction of the view point but also for the construction of cafeterias, open gyms, children's parks, gift shops and fencing.
It talks about the richness of nature which is rich in food that man needs as well as medicines.
Meanwhile, Lyngkhoi said that the new Block Committee was formed after seeing in the newspapers that Hek had joined the BJP. “However, he has not resigned as President of the Block Congress of Pynthorumkhrah,” said Bah Lyngkhoi.
He said the government is ready to provide adequate and good economic development to the people, at the same time without affecting the health of the environment.
In a statement issued on Tuesday, Sadhu said he had received information that trucks were smuggling coal from Umdud to Zero Point, which is part of the road to Majai Land Customs Station. was stopped by the residents of Majai.
“There is no more fear, we rely on the people,” said Witting Mawsor.
“Shen will be taken to court and charged under the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Act.
The program was held as part of the celebration of World Consumer Rights Day, which was scheduled to be held on 15th October 2024 but was postponed due to unavoidable reasons.
Of these 856 cases, 87 have recovered and 762 are still infected, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
There are dozens of villages from Pariong, Lawbyrtun, Mawkyllei, Umkrem, Domphetkhniang, Mawkohngei, Nongshillong, Umjei, Mawroh, Markasa, Nongkasen, Laitkeh, Khyllem, Shophria, Umlieh, Mawlangkham and Ksehkoh. -long, Mawïawet, Nongdom and others which have drinking water wells in this hill country.
On the other hand, the Minister appealed to the people to cooperate with the government and follow the directives issued by the government, in order to fight against this disease.
“These projects include the construction of a Traditional Healing Center at a cost of T.1,97,97,000,00, a Counseling Center with a Multipurpose Hall at a cost of T.3,15,38,3 Landscaping strom water drainage system and others amounting to T.1,80,73,678,00, construction of internal pathway with local stone and others amounting to T.2,5 The construction of the Viewing Gallery on Lumsohpetbneng has cost T1,02,2 Others include T.1,98,12,775,00, Solid Waste Management T.53,48,250,00, Campus Illumination and Solar Energy T15,13,440,00 and others.
“The two check points of Mookyndur and Dawki will be temporarily managed by the council until the tender is called,” said the EM incharge.
In a statement, Bah Mawsor urged the public not to misunderstand that he is still undergoing treatment outside the hospital.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Raid Nongkhrah in the presence of the village leaders of Pahammardoloi, on Tuesday said that they have given permission to set up a Kyiad shop at Umdon, near Lumbyrhing and Umryngksai villages. I saw that there were many illegal shops in Nongpoh.
It has been 5 years since the MDA government came to power but until the issuance of this statement, the KSU has not seen any signs of achieving the goals set by the KSU. government in
Implementing the NGT order, the District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District has banned the mining of coal in all areas within the East Jaintia Hills District and the sale of coal without challan or permits. or a permit/license issued by the authorities including the District Administration.
After receiving a complaint from the people who have not received the payment of their agricultural products which have been destroyed by the NBCC Company, the KSU Hingaria Unit under the leadership of Samla Garnes S Talang Secretary KSU Hingaria Unit and KSU Jaintia Hills Unit (KSU) has submitted a petition to the DC of East Jaintia Hills District, MS Lhuid for the year
While she was thinking about this, she remembered the words of Kynsai, her brother, that if she got a job, her family would be happy.
Likewise, the students of Class 10 and Class 12 who are preparing for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations to be held in April.
They were sent to join independent India in
The total number of cases in the state has now reached 53,670, with 4,391 confirmed cases and 899 deaths.
The KSU said that in fact the government should give special recognition to the training centers for the youth to avoid conflict with the laws of the central and state governments.
Shillong, November 14 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare and General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Baneerjee's refusal to pay 1000 tyngka per month to women in Meghalaya is not a ploy to disrupt the elections.
The coal at the site during the inspection on 7th November 2023 is fresh and clean and therefore not the coal that was collected in
Newspapers are an important part of life.
According to the Minister, there will be no resignation of Bah Dorphang who is the Chairman of the KHADI Board.
These areas are still Khasi areas.
Last month, the Rangbah Shnongs left for Delhi to talk to these government officials on the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which is currently in the hands of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The central theme of the celebration of this day is the small family, the happy family.
Diengshynrum beat Pamrakmai 1-0
RA Lyngdoh is a former MLA and MDC from Sohiong, Wankupar Syiemlieh is the UDP MDC candidate from Sohiong in 2014 who was defeated by HDR Lyngdoh and Braston Kharphuli. He was the UDP MLA candidate in 2013 and contested alone as a joint candidate and was defeated by HDR Lyngdoh.
Biangshwa Shylla, president of JHTOA, said that all the coal factories from Lumshnong, Thangskai and Wahiajer have not followed the agreement regarding the transportation of coal and clinker.
If the Government wants the children to receive such education in Govt.
“Listen and listen to us parents and don't listen to what others say.
Rising CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 123 runs and lost. 10 wickets in 17.3 overs.
This incident happened on the 25th of October, it is a violation of the human right to express and assemble. There was also an incident in which Eastarson Sohtun tried to attack the members of WOSY. Ka ABVP firmly believes that the behavior of these extremists has no place in a democratic country and their actions endanger the students.
He said the party has decided to sign the agreement after inspecting these nine schools to see if they are adequately recognized by the All India Council of Technical Education and to join the Jawaharlal Nehru Technology Higher. Education.
He said that fortunately, the fire did not spread to other shops, thanks to the help of the residents and the speed of the fire truck from Umiam to extinguish the fire.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCC) has not issued any information to the media so that the public can get the information on the Star Cement. information for this public hearing.
He has never lost an MP or MLA election and it was only in the presidential race that he was defeated by Pranab Mukherjee.
With four points from two games, Mawlai, who drew 1-1 with Ryntih SC in the opening match, are now in third place, behind Lajong FC and Rangdajied United FC. scored 6 points.
The tournament will last for seven days and will end on the 13th of this month with a total of 102 matches.
With the merger of these four NPP members, the ruling NPP and its coalition have reached 25 members in the 30-member House and the Congress now has four members in the Council.
Riia replied, “Oh, I don't remember asking even though we met in class, I mean you too are actually very close to Deisy who lives here,” Linda added. “Yes, in fact. we used to go to class together and go to the market together; I don't know if it's a holiday or not. I don't know if it's a holiday or not.
I Love You, along with five others, escaped from Jowai Jail at 1.30 pm today. They include Ramesh Dkhar, Marsanki Tariang, Rikmenlang Lamare, Shidorki Dkhar and Lodestar. Just.
Shillong: The Lok Sabha MP election 2024 has started in the state, which can also witness the change of uniforms of political leaders.
This king came to earth to shape mankind in the year 4BC. He established that kingdom which will remain forever in the hearts of mankind and will come again to rule here on earth in that time. a thousand years to come.
“Tomorrow we will send a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to remind him of the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state. “We have been demanding for many years and now we are demanding that the government should implement the ILP otherwise we will prepare for protests,” said CoHSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin. talk to the reporters.
However, the department has not taken any action against the gatekeepers according to the terms of the contract signed in the soskular.
Because of the sharing of the land in these areas, the road from Mawsmai to Sohbar has been cut in many places and the road has been cut in such a way to keep the road within 35 km. ̚ (to maintain the gradient of the route within 35 ̚).
According to the statement, members of the party also killed a young woman named Hoikhling (26 years old) for her involvement in drug trafficking. .
The program was conducted by Samla Ribok N Biam President JSM WR and Jimmy Raul Kharmuti, President JSM CB welcomed the leaders and soldiers of the village. Mukhla and Youth of Moodymmai Village Unit.
Shops within the Municipal Area, Cantonment Area, all areas within the Mawlai C&RD Block including Census Town, Mawpat C&RD Block including Census Town, Mylliem C&RD Block including Census Town. Umshyrpi Bridge to 7 Mer, Upper Shillong areas including Madanrting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka and Lawsohtun will be closed from 26th June 2021 to 2nd June
The youth was sitting near the river and watching the Bangladeshis, but suddenly a BSF soldier came to him and asked him why he was sitting there. In his own place which is still within the border of India, immediately the soldier beat him and this angered the youth who started talking to the soldier, but ha Then the soldier took a stick and a spear to beat him, so he killed him.
Speaking to reporters on July 28, 2013, Bah Pynshngain explained about the losses caused by the lack of proper attention to the Sixth Schedule. The power to exempt from any law of the Central Government which is not in accordance with the ethnic groups living within the boundary of the District Council is vested in the Governor. any law that does not suit the villagers, but after being amended and authorized by the President of India, this has caused losses.
He said that the task of the government's agriculture department does not mean to increase the number of livestock but the important thing is to look after the health because many of the diseases in human beings come from animals.
He said that the village will write to the Forest Department to ask for permission to cut down all the trees that are dangerous to the village if the owners do not come to do it themselves.
Thus the wealth of the Temple was squandered on colors and festivals.
Speaking after the launch of the book, Kong Noreen, who is also Mrs Shillong 2019, said that she is very happy to read the book which has been beautifully illustrated by the author.
In the same year, he signed contracts with several companies such as ETA Star Infrastructure Ltd.
The raids were conducted in Katihar, Guwahati, Dimapur, Kamakhya, Kishanganj and New Tinsukia.
“But I firmly believe the most important thing is to learn from what went wrong which will ensure the person or persons responsible make the best fix.
The shun im is cleaned in another pipe by pouring water slowly as it thickens, after which the water is mixed with the shun in the third pipe.
There are 12 teams divided into two groups of seven teams to participate in this tournament.
Shillong: U Bah Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing, on Tuesday sent a complaint to the Executive Member in charge of the Khasi District Council (KHAC) Market. The market has become dirty to the point of endangering the health of the people who enter the market or those who buy beverages from this market. market.
The UCC has many problems, it will affect the customs, such as marriage and once the UCC comes into force, we will have the same marriage, while our custom is marriage. is very different, so the religious and customary marriage will be affected.
“We therefore urge the State Government to take all necessary measures to ensure that the law is implemented and that those responsible are punished according to the rules.
The KSU has also threatened to close down the hospital if the government cannot meet the needs of the hospital and the needs of the patients.
South Korea uses cameras, mobile phones and even credit cards to identify suspected cases and Hong Kong also identifies those suspected of being infected every night. .
The Assam Police were accompanied by Nepalis living in Langpih area and male and female policemen from Langpih. They also said that they just wanted to visit the temporary residence of the Meghalaya Police which was built by the residents of Umwali.
“It is surprising that during the outbreak of Covid-19, the Management of NEEPCO has faced difficulties with the operation from Guwahati but even after the decline of the COVID-19 pandemic, the operation I'm going to Guwahati.
This is against the welfare of the citizens who are afraid to link with Aadhaar,” he said.
On the same day, the Israeli Security Cabinet announced that Israel is at war, and said it would launch military operations in Gaza in the coming days.
“We need to work together to revive once again the society that has lost hope through a good life, a life that is useful to others and to be the good news,” said Rev Ladawngliana. as BD students they have received many benefits in terms of their personal development (spirituality) or even in relation to other areas.
Government Minister Zenith Sangma said that the revenue collection department from kyiad has collected T.155 crore but this year, the revenue collection has declined sharply.
To the Good Man who will lead us to righteousness or To the wise Lawgiver who will bring about prosperity and peace.
There are many kinds of eye products that you can use to get a beautiful face.
He further says that the coal embargo has been lifted and land ownership has been maintained.
On the other hand, the union urges the authorities to take action to curb the parking of vehicles on the bridges in Sonapyrdi, not just to put up signboards.
The Prime Minister's call came after the political parties decided to hold a public meeting on Thursday to demand the implementation of the ILP. The Frontier Regulation, 1873 may be implemented throughout the State.
Jitendra Chauhan, Dean of the University, has dismissed five Khasi employees at the University, alleging that they were dismissed for drinking alcohol at the University. while still working.
“When I heard the sound of footsteps and the house collapsing, I took the children outside.
However, he said in the last five years under the leadership of Narendra Modi as Chief Minister and Amit Shah as Home Minister, they have tried to find ways and means how to end and eliminate These organizations are armed through peaceful dialogue and understanding.
The news that we have to choose between the 6th Scheduled and the ILP as stated by Congress MP Shillong seat Bah VH Pala is like telling a child to choose between his mother or father.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as an MLA, he will take action to talk to the government for the implementation of a new scheme to upgrade the reservoir to the higher parts of the country. for the benefit of the people and to provide clean drinking water.
According to the CBI report, the suspension was ordered by the then Minister of Education, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Besides the name of Daryl, the name of the brother of the Chief Minister Zenith M. Sangma, who is now an MLA, has also been sent to the High Command. They are Winnerson D. Sangma, Adolf Lu Hitler R. Marak, Richard M. Marak, Arlene M. Sangma, DK Arengh, Polycarp Marak and Bijoy Sangma.
The victims include two children of Mistalin Mukhim, resident of Dongmihsngi, Jowai, and Glora Dkhar.
Surprisingly, the Congress vote share has dropped to 13.14% while in 2018 it was 29%.
It is followed by the feeling that his life has no meaning at all.
Shillong, November 22: The Shillong Chamber Choir will hold a concert in Mumbai tomorrow, November 23 at St. Peter's Church in Bandra. .
“We have urged the Minister to take action especially as Ri-bhoi district is also known as an Aspirational District and the Minister has promised us that he will take action for the benefit of Ri-bhoi district. the people,” said Bah Sylliang.
He hoped that there will always be a change of government in the state and any government that comes to power will take action to improve the railway line in the state.
Looking at the documents and records (such as the White Paper on Indian States), it seems that there was a special favor for the Khasi States to be included in the Sixth Schedule, while Syed Saadullah, one of the Members of the Constituent Assembly from Assam, in his speech on 21.11.1949 while taking part in the Third Reading of the Constitution of India, said that there is a Constitutional Anomaly in the Constitution of India. The Khasi States have been relegated to the Sixth Schedule. Since 26.01.1950 (Republic Day), the Khasi Hills have not been included in the Sixth Schedule. They are full parts of ASSAM, but they remain within the boundaries of ASSAM only as defined in the First Schedule of the Constitution of India.
This order will come into force from 5 pm on 26 August to 5 pm on 29 August
Recalling the time of his meeting when they were together in the District Council, Bah Jansing said that he forcibly set his people although his heart was filled with sorrow.
Because we can't say that there are many people who have been drinking alcohol even when their bodies don't allow it anymore and this causes a lot of problems until they can't control their lives and cause a tragedy to the leading families when the drinker is the father who supports the family.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State League champions Shillong Lajong today beat Lumdiengngan FC from Group C at the MDSA Ground, Mawkyrwat. .
He said it does not mean that the police are taking care that the party is getting stronger.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The number of road accidents in the state has increased especially in Shillong.
One of the slogans uttered by Bah Herman Nongrum was 'May that in this new year the pandemic of measles that has spread around the world will die out for the health of the people of the world' It was a message to all the households who attended the festival to pray and hope that all the people are happy and healthy.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lambor Malngiang said, “I cannot forget the words of Father Sngi who said, 'You have the right to carry and leave the country. our love and these things come true.
Jowai, March 19: U Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee today inaugurated the District & Sessions Court of West Jaintia Hills District, Khliehtyrshi, WJHD. Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Justice HS Thangkiew, Judge, Justice W Diengdoh, Additional Judge, Deputy Commissioner of WJHD Bah BS Sohliya, District Officials, District Leaders village and others.
Daniel described this work of kings and rulers in this world.
There was one who was sleeping, he shouted in Dkhar from his sleep, 'Who are those people who came that night, drive them away,' said Bah Kongwang.
If you cut the infected plant, you can see a red part all around the plant which looks like a jylli.
God cannot accept worship from above or from the flesh.
Suddenly he wanted to please Lydia, whom he had beaten and loved so much, so he ate twice as much as he should have.
God does not want to see such a deceit in man who does something just to see man but against the will of God.
She urged her to strengthen the VPP party by joining the VPP party to contest the upcoming elections and to work together as a team in the VPP to achieve the aspirations of the people. in the state.
Speaking at the swearing-in ceremony of the office bearers of KSU Laban Circle, Samla Lambokstarwell said that as members of the KSU, we should remember that the employees who do not receive salary as government officials but the salary they receive it’s criticism and it’s along.
The Odd and Even system of commercial taxis is also a source of insult to the small businesses.
Those who wish to participate are requested to submit their names to TSA General Secretary Ma SS Langi and SCSC General Secretary Rimi Ryngkhlem on 26th July with an entry fee of T.
When asked, he said the Citizenship (Amendment) Act will not affect the BJP in the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya.
The leader of the Naxal militant group PLFI, who is currently in the custody of the NIA for interrogation for five days since his arrest on the 21st, Jymmang, assisted the investigation teams in conducting a raid at Jhariatoli, Garai, under the jurisdiction of Rania Police Station in Khunti district on Tuesday and seized 62.3 grams of heroin. kilograms of gelatin and about 732 rounds of 5.56 mm ammunition.
but it is not yet time for me to stand up for the day.
The District Collector of Gangtok, Tushar G Nikhare, has issued a ban on mining in the district from July 1 to November
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KJHA) has issued a statement saying that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Speaking to reporters, P.Marweiñ, one of the retired government employees, said that government officials from Conrad Kongal Sangma to the Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong Symbud Myntri Rangbah and many other Ministers, while passing through the highway, saw clearly that the factory is located near the river and the houses are located to the east and east around the factory. but they answered nothing in the synagogue.
He demanded that not only should they resign from the post but they should resign completely as the people's leaders elected by the Garo people.
On the 6th, there was the final basketball tournament for the boys and the final basketball tournament for the girls.
However, after Bah Rowel finished his reply, the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said that the ordinance was introduced because the government wants to have a dialogue with the political parties to discuss better the issue. this.
"Earlier, it was just a suggestion, but as people did not come out to get injected, this decision was taken," said Hammad Raza, spokesman for the Punjab Primary Health Department.
Michelle Rodriguez has praised Jason Momoa for his role in Fast X as a villain in which Michelle didn't think Jason would know and be able to play the role.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District on the morning of 19th November, 2023 found a statue of an idol in a village while they were planning to meet him. Commissioner of Tax in his office adjacent to the office of the District Transfer Officer (DTO) at Lachumiere Shillong on the highest floor which is under construction and is planned to be renovated.
On the part of the village and the beneficiaries, they expressed their gratitude to Ma Ngamonlang for his good work.
For if thou steal a little, thou shalt be caught: but if thou steal a great thing, thou shalt not be caught.
This has already been sent to the PAC through which the sub committee has visited Garo Hills and on this issue it should have been taken up in the last Legislative Assembly. “I submitted through a cut motion and at the time of the question, even at that time, I didn't get the right answer from the state government,” said Zenith.
Bhagwad said the peace between Muslims and Hindus is a dialogue, not a show of force.
We have lost a great leader who put the welfare of the people of the state first.
“How can the Assam Government tell the people not to come to Meghalaya? The Assam Government and the Meghalaya Government should talk to each other to ensure that there should be no disturbance of peace and order,” he said.
At this time, his mother said, “My son, don't trust anyone without seeing with your eyes and without hearing with your ears and be brave.” When Kiang saw that the Dolloi of Jwai District thanked the king. He believed and obeyed the British Government under its leadership, so he stood up to fight against it and went to Jwai to spread the news of this incident to the whole of Ri Khad-Ar Dolloi.
“We have also informed the police that the drivers of these two trucks have already fled the scene and we have already visited the scene of the coal trucks. They also said that they will send police to guard these trucks until they demand cranes to tow these trucks to the police station,” she said. said.
Last year, the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya took part in the IFMA World Muay Thai Championship which was held in Two athletes from Meghalaya, Pynnehhor Mylliemngap in the senior elite 48kg category, won bronze medals in the senior elite 48kg category. Kharbuli, who competed in the 40 kg category, won the bronze medal.
After the discussion, suddenly at about shiphew o'clock, there was a stone thrown into the house.
Besides Mawbynna, from this place you can also see various villages and the beautiful valley.
Mewanhi Maskut scored the goals for Iawmulong Nartiang in the 7th minute and Dini Raliang in the 52nd and 55th minutes.
The teachers and staff of the school who were awarded were Bah Lapang, 26, P.Chetri, 25, T. Timung, R.Nongrum, 27, S.Khongwir, , S.Shylla, 30 years old and C.Shangpliang.
“Earlier the fare was T.50/- but now it is T.100/-.
In the demarcation, it was seen that Ratachera, Malidor and Ampyrdi villages fall under Meghalaya.
In the second match, Marbisu CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
This is the first time that the people have heard and seen the voice of the Prime Minister of the country, who is respected all over the world.
Attempts to delay important public issues are no longer new and we wouldn’t be surprised.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Kharang SC and Laitumkhrah SC won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground. to win the victory in their battles.
Two houses and two shops were damaged in the landslide in Umblai while in Thangbnai-Mawlyngot the road was damaged and one vehicle was overturned.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02 : The 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 will start on the 7th of November 2013 in Shillong. East.
Leaves are what can absorb noise and make your home and workplace more comfortable for those inside these rooms.
Inside this village there are only Catholics but in the neighboring villages there are Presbyterians and other Christian churches.
He said that the construction of the stadium at Ummulong is going well and it is expected that next year the cricket ground will be opened.
Referring to the Congress party, he said that no arrangement has been made yet for which party leaders will campaign for the party candidate.
The Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the party has not opposed the railway to carry goods to Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi district. Mawlai MLA Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh has been appointed to prepare the details of the government's plan to run the railway to Shillong.
“The foreigners use our Khasi girls as Trading Licenses,” said the leader.
The provisions of the Bill are to regulate the private universities.
The four evacuees were identified as Rilang Ryngkhlem, Tumiki Siangshai, Tenmiki Siangshai and Nibal Ryngkhlem.
The bicycles were handed over to the students by the Commandant of BSF 181 Battalion Mayank Dwivedi of Dipulipara Post in South Garo Hills.
The two teams that reached the final for the title today are Yakrehlang SC Nangbah against Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng Knorsyiem.
However, nature also means the surrounding environment, which includes living things, such as humans, animals, plants, as it is said, “The world of nature.
He said that the union has received a complaint that the doctor who should be at the PHC is not accurate and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people and those who intend to go for treatment at the PHC. Other problems include the lack of water, the overcrowding of the pharmacy and other problems.
The robbers said that they came out of the forest and in this incident they turned on the bus and robbed while the passengers had money. or gold jewelry.
He said that Namdong B village is a central area where the government is also looking forward to setting up offices to provide services to the people.
“But with this GST, we don't have that.
Only the names of those who will receive heaven are written in that book.
U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, who went for testing at the Screening Center at Byrnihat on Tuesday, 6th March, but has not yet received the report of his testing. He said that it is not yet known whether the report will show whether the MLA has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
In connection with the incident, a group of commercial vehicle drivers under the umbrella of the Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Association, today visited the Toll Plaza at 20Mer Pahammawlein. to express their strong opposition to the involvement of foreigners.
Bah Shabong said that the party has urged the DC to take action on this issue so that from now on children should not be used in the elections especially during the peaceful struggle. injury and pain.
The villages most affected by the cyclone include Warmawsaw, Mawskei Lum and Mawskei Them, Umkynsier, Pathardharo and Umiap Khla. There were no injured people who were rushed to hospitals in the area. There were also school buildings affected by the landslide. the Storm.
This is the law of India because it is a democracy which allows the rulers to take advantage as they wish or as they wish to achieve and benefit their goals or aspirations. .
The district authorities and MPSCB officials have dismissed the meeting and left the venue.
Earlier, Sir Pijush Biswas, AIFF Referees Instructor, congratulated those who came to participate especially those who took part in the program in Shillong. “This is good news and also hope for the future of football managers and also to promote to higher positions in the field of refereeing,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 02 : After a fierce first leg of the Shillong Premier League, the second leg of the Shillong Lajong League will resume on Tuesday. FC will play against Rangdajied United FC in the first leg at 4:00 pm at the Third Ground, Polo.
The NIA's raid is to search for those involved with Canadian terrorists who intend to attack India.
Regarding the Mawthawpdah Presbyterian UP School, Bah Sparlindro said that the school used to belong to the village of Mawthawpdah, but since 2000, the school has been forcibly run by the Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Church without the permission. inform the village and the public.
At the same time, the Paiem PM Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima said that since the closure of the musur gates, the Hima has faced many difficulties in completing the works due to the lack of revenue.
The election of the PM and CM by the High Command has ended because the election has turned into a presidential style contest.
Laskeiñ Block on October 23, 2023 from 2 pm to Pamsna Playground.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: Shnongpdeng village near Dawki village in Amlarem Subdivision has become a village that can attract tourists from all over the world.
Prestone said the Government will do whatever is necessary according to the service rule.
Therefore, all the students want this incident to be led by both parties with responsibility and consensus for the benefit of the college students.
The residents of the village urged the MeECL to provide electricity to avoid the darkness.
Assam Police in the past few days have raided four persons from Jatalong village for allegedly breaking the foundation stone built by Assam, while the Meghalaya government has not responded. Assam especially the SSA school which has been destroyed since 2018 in Khlieh Umwang village but has not been rebuilt yet.
The last candidate to speak was Bah RG Momin.
“I don't see peace coming to the state, but it seems to be getting worse, because even the house of Indian Minister RK Ranjan has been burnt down,” he said.
Earlier, there was opposition from the Dorbar Shnong to build a hospital there, but the Minister said that now TB is no longer an incurable disease and no longer a strange disease. If you don't have a place in Umsawli, please contact us.
They say that Tongsoh has brought shame to the clan.
The areas declared as containment zones are as follows:
The registration fee is T.50 and doctors will be available from 10 am to 5 pm.
of India has won National Games, Asian Games, Commonwealth Games, World Championships and Olympic Games.
Nongstoiñ, November 10: Mawphanlur Hill is one of the hills near Mawthadraishan Hills District in West Khasi Hills District. Its height and beauty have attracted many tourists from all over the world to see its beauty.
“Women from this area suffer from pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) or pelvic tuberculosis.
Banteidor said the Thadlaskeiñ Processing Unit was started in 2013-2014 under the National Agriculture Insurance Yojana (RKBY) scheme at a cost of Rs 75.00 lakh through the Meghalaya State. The Agricultural Marketing Board (MSAMB) on the aim of developing the shynrai farming industry in Lakadong for the benefit of the shynrai farmers of the district through the processing and value addition of this product.
Nongpoh: A foreigner identified as Ganesh Baishya, 38, of Budrukuchi, Assam, has died after falling from a two-storey house in Them Marwet, Khanapara. , Ri Bhoi District.
He asked the MePDCL department why it punishes the people if they don't pay the electricity bill but doesn't do anything to these factories for billions of rupees.
NPP District President Dr John Dkhar welcomed Jhankia Saingshai and her colleagues and at the same time urged all to work hard to achieve the goal. Nehlang Lyngdoh has been appointed as the candidate for the 6th Khliehriat Constituency.
Patrick G. Momin of Byrnihat Police Out Post who worked hard to check the vehicles coming from Assam and to ensure that they should not pass through the screening center at Byrnihat.
Therefore, they offered their prayers, thanksgiving and prayers for the flourishing of the Shad and all the activities that have been prepared, will go smoothly, he said.
According to the SP, after the implementation of this, it will be possible to monitor the daily collection of fines from vehicles from the seven traffic departments in Shillong.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Dorbar Shnong of Mynthning has decided to expel all foreigners and non-residents known as 'Palat Shnong' including shopkeepers in the village, said the Meghalaya People's United Front. (MPUF)-The MPUF has alleged that eight women and one elderly man including Kreshia Chyrmang, Skeng Dkhar, Shwa Dkhar, Riyaka Dkhar, Broit Chyrmang and Tieh Chyrmang have been arrested. Iar Chyrmang and Iaid Paslein have been evicted from Mynthning village in Sumer district.
They also informed that the policeman suffered the injury due to his own mistake.
“It is because we are concerned that we will lose the place where the government under the leadership of the NPP has taken seriously this issue,” he said.
Eight candidates have contested from the Shillong Parliamentary constituency, including Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP, Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP, Amerington Kharshiing of the AAP, Richard Shabong of the CPI and Denis. Siangshai inpendent, Ivoryna Shylla independent, PBM Basiawmoit Independent.
Besides, he said that the rainfall has given hope to the farmers who depend on agriculture for their livelihood.
Such persons shall not be allowed to invade the States which have the Sixth Schedule or ILP, which appears to be the principle that only one law shall apply, the 6th Schedule or ILP. both kinds of laws, as mentioned above, I don't know how one law will work.
Therefore, from now on, the party will conduct a surveillance and if it finds that there are still those who do not comply with the party's policies, the party will not hesitate to take other stronger measures, they added. leader.
It is learned that the count of Rahman's wealth has been collected from 23-6-2002 to 30-4-2021 and police have arrested the officer for that he also made false documents to take land and to make money illegally for himself.
Up to 26 candidates will contest from four Assembly constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District in the election to the Legislative Assembly to be held on 27th June.
“It would not actually be appropriate to comment on this matter, but I have never been charged in any case.
Recently, Conrad informed the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly that the signing of the soskular to resolve the disputes in the six border areas of Meghalaya and Assam will be held in New Delhi on 27th October. .
They were also pleased to admit that the song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi” is the patriotic song of Ri Khasi.
Besides the explanation of the elders and women from Siejiong village, an explanation about the tit was also received from an elderly man from Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills District who came to work in Umsawli.
In a letter sent to Shanlang and Kherup on 20th June 2024, Dr. Kara H Shen, Chairman and Grossper Ryntathiang, Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee, said that It is against the party's foundation and the party has decided to expel him from the party.
Soon, at the beginning of the New Year, it will be the turn of Meghalaya, where the people of Garo, Khasi and Jaintia will elect the 70 members of the Legislative Assembly. these, there will be those who will not be able to form a new government.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has spoken to Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal on the issue of riots in Umwali, Langpih area of ​​West Khasi Hills. , Meghalaya.
Admission/Notice7.
The Executive Committee of the Union also urges all the Kurs who have not yet established their own Seng Kurs to establish themselves so that it will be a protection for their Kur, Jait, Ri and Jaidbynriew.
Joyfullness said that there are 1232 people with disabilities in the district, 967 from Mawkyrwat Block and 264 from Ranikor Block. The Government has allocated funds for people with disabilities through various departments such as the Block Development Office, District Social Welfare Officer, NRLM, District Resource Center on Disability Affairs and other departments. .
When the examination came, she was very excited and did as well as the teachers had expected.
On the road in Mawsynram, it was seen that the Bazar Bus, had to stop its journey, due to a strong valley, on the highway.
The tournament was held at the State Boxing Arena, Khuman Lampak Sports Complex, Imphal.
Metbah said the party will work hard to strengthen the party, although this is difficult, because of this disease, but from now on the party will work hard and soon the party will be able to complete the construction of the party office.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that he is ready to become a ksiang for the leadership of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). to negotiate peace with the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India.
Before the cleanliness drive, those who attended the cleanliness drive also held a march to raise awareness among the people on the importance of cleanliness.
An office closure has also been announced on Friday and Saturday, 26th and 27th November.
Therefore, the BJP has no hope of contesting this election as there are no candidates (NPP), United Democratic Party (UDP), Trinamool Congress (TMC), Voice of the People's Party (VPP) which will contest the upcoming MP elections and no other political party with the largest number of voters.
Speaking on the occasion, the Sordar of Nongkroh, Bah B.Syiemlieh, recalled that three months ago the Prime Minister had landed by helicopter at the ground and distributed pigs to the people.
“I don't know how much Saleng can bring about change in a short period of time. He is still meeting me and we are talking about this issue. , he is really lucky to have got the ticket to contest and I wish him all the best," he added.
This scheme of the Central Government aims to provide special assistance to the educated youth who have not yet received government jobs to set up their own jobs according to their skills.
She was immediately taken to Pynursla CHC and lodged a complaint with the Pynursla Police Station but as she was seriously injured, the police ordered her to be taken to NEIGHRIMS Shillong.
Through this example, we urge other villages to do whatever is necessary for the good of all.
In another report, it was reported that the Bethany Hospital in Nongpoh has collapsed due to the strong earthquake and parts of its roof have collapsed slightly.
He said that if you look at the doctoral studies, the Khasi students on the Waiting List score higher marks in the NEET than those on the First List on the Garo side.
The victim was rushed to Woodland WK Hospital and later shifted to Shillong for further treatment.
In Mowkyndeng Parish, the sisters have run two schools, St. Francis English School in Mowkyndeng and Auxilium English School in Saphai which was started on 26/2/2
When he was abducted from Umsur, he said he was wearing only a football shirt and a jersey and he was wearing the same clothes when he was with the robbers.
After FC Goa failed to sign him since last season, Aiban has tried to join other clubs and this time the 27-year-old has managed to Ivan Vukomanovic has joined the squad to strengthen the defense following the departure of club captain Jessel Carneiro.
Officers from the Chief Secretary and others have rushed to the scene.
He said he had never thought that as an MLA he would be able to open the market with the Prime Minister.
The World Cup has attracted the public without any restrictions, and it is here that there is a saying that the game brings unity, love without racial hatred.
It is not known whether the government is aware or not of this fortune telling which is priced at the expensive cars of today.
"The VPP has informed that the vacant posts are in the office of Horticulture Development Officer, Nongpoh since 2013, in the office of HDO Umling Block which has been vacant since (HDO) Umsning Block which has been vacant since 2020, in the office of ADO Marketing Nongpoh which has been vacant since 2019, in the office of ADO Bhoirymbong Circle which has been vacant since Patharkhmah Circle has been vacant since 2016, Umling Block has been vacant since 2020 and Nongpoh has been vacant since
Not only the land but also the household, trade, education are under the supervision of the District Council. Our people are sleeping soundly and starting to count the work of the District Council.
Regarding the PCF 's request , the only political parties that have confirmed their full support to Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit as the People 's Candidate , are only KHNAM and the HSPDP .
Shillong, November 19: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has expressed its disapproval and opposition to the recent announcement by the Meghalaya government to implement the NCERT syllabus in schools. starting this coming year.
Five more people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1048 on Tuesday.
Therefore, David too would have suffered this tragedy and would have been expelled from the Jewish religion, culture and society because his blood was not pure or perfect. as the Jews were afraid and amazed.
In a tweet today, Trump said 2020 is a year that doesn't match the year of election fraud and will be the year of The elections should be postponed until the people have the opportunity to think and vote with confidence and confidence.
The Khasi people were born more than 57,000 years ago.
The education scam for the appointment of school teachers has been appointed by the HLC. The Municipal Reform Act of the MUA-II government has also been tried by the HLC but it has been rejected. Samosa (Singkara) by students at a meeting at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The biggest mistake here is that the government authorities have not been prepared to fight against this terrible disease and sadly, the curfew has been urgently declared. and then, that the people were not allowed to provide food and drink, physical money and then return to their homes.
Before the release of the final list, it was said that there were more than 30,000 people in Tripura who had two names and who had already been removed. .
Those who pass through Pynursla will go to Dawki-Amlarem road to Lad Mustem.
Now, let us turn to God's law.
He said that about 23 state governments have canceled the Personal Interview to bring about impartial appointment and waste of time and money of the officers and the people.
The Dorbar Shnong has expressed its surprise how the owner of USTM has received permission from the DC office to bring in the employees who are staying in the state. It does not allow inter-state movement from one state to another.
Five Congress MDCs did not support the election.
Perhaps only those who have worked with those Kumars will better understand how they are.
Article 16(4) states that backwardness is closely related to inadequate representation in government services.
The loan to these 144 SHGs is part of the Government's objective to empower women through their activities through SHG groups. of Meghalaya Rural Bank.
The election was attended by Barister Mawthoh, Kitboklang Nongphlang and Dundee Cliff Khongsit.
The construction of the stadium has started since last year and according to a statement by the former Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh last year, the expenditure has been T.14 crore for the cleaning of plastic bags and also for the installation of flood lights to enable football matches to be held after dark.
Chithi, a new film from Jaintia Hills, is directed by Simi Khongtiang and produced by Fourness Dhar from Anthill Productions.
One of the Rangbah who supported Bah Shanbor said at the house of the deceased, “It's a difficult job, we don't know what is right or wrong... But what happened is something. she lyndet.
The first is that the Government should refrain from confusing the minds of the people.
The vacancies are as follows: 4 vacancies in the Main Directorate, 4 vacancies in the Office of the District Public Relation Officer (DPRO) Khliehriat, 4 vacancies in the Office of the DPRO in Resubelpara, 4 vacancies in the Office of the DPRO Mawkyrwat. 7 offices of DPRO Ampati 6 offices of DPRO Baghmara 1, office of Assistant Director Tura 1, office of SDPRO Sohra 1, office of Assistant Director Shillong
Copies of the Draft Photo Electoral have been issued and can be inspected at the office of the Electoral Registration Officer 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency during office hours.
Jowai, November 13: MLA Nujorki Sungoh today inaugurated the Barato Police Out Post in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, Bah BS Sohliya. Police Bikram D Marak, MDC Aiborlang Shadap and residents of the area.
Pynshai has also been arrested twice under the MPDA.
After the Super Care Hospital has completed the post mortem, according to the protocols of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the family members have taken the body back to the Civil Hospital. Hospital for treatment and burial of the body today.
“When you are a leader, your foot is on the other side of the road and on the other side of the road in jail. 80% have to face difficulties and as leaders you have to be like trees, so you have to be willing to serve the nation,” said Bah Kharraswai.
Another man, Minik, survived the earthquake, but was surprised that he was alone in the earthquake and said, “I have a wife too.
The death toll across the country has risen to 559 with 17,656 cases, 14,255 undergoing treatment and 2,851 recoveries.
The General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Lok Sabha member, Vincent H. Pala, who represents the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly, will be able to apart from the pressure of electoral struggle.
Shillong: The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today informed the House that the production of rice in the state has reached 51,650 metric tonnes in the year 2022-23 alone.
