The implementation of this will reduce the congestion of private vehicles in the city.
Similarly, the publishers of newspapers have expressed their concern as these are the hours of publication of newspapers.
The team will now compete in the National Level Quiz to be held in Delhi as the leading team from the Eastern Zone.
Only a day or two after these complaints, there were also allegations that these buildings had documents showing that there was misuse of up to T.30 lakh tyngka. The construction of Syndai Park in Jaintia Hills on the Bangladesh border.
If the Meghalaya government really wants to take action on this, without doubt, literacy in Meghalaya will not decline but will rise steadily and reach the highest level in India at the national level.
This is more evident in the field of trade, where we see that because we are exempt from paying trade tax, we sell our own name and identity by giving way to other nations. to speak in our name.
He said that all the returnees who have been released by Hamas have lost about 10% of their body weight due to lack of food and living conditions in all aspects. the time they were detained in Gaza.
Together with two dewbilat plants and two mills, it has the largest dewbilat production capacity of 5.6 MnT. The Young Achievers Award was awarded to six talented youths from the North East.
He won three terms as MLA of Jowai and also held the post of Deputy Chief Minister of the State.
If you have any documents or money please call Firmlystand Khonglah-8
After that, the DBMN Youtube Channel Silver Creator Award was awarded to the Proprietor and Provincial by Fr. Richard Majaw, Vicar General.
When asked by Bah Embhalang whether it is safe to have such a place near the garbage dump, the Minister said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to prevent any danger. This place of judgment shall be free from any danger or destruction.
“At present, what we know about this proposal is only through the media and through the information provided by the authorities in the Court but there is no talk with the government,” he said.
When asked whether it is possible that these MLAs can be expelled from the party, because the five MLAs of the party do not want to respond to the showcause notice sent by the AICC, Pala said. “I don't have any authority on this decision and it will be up to the AICC whether to expel or suspend them.
He also inaugurated the Computer Laboratory of Mairang Presbyterian Science College which was funded by the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund at a cost of Rs 6.77 lakh.
However, now in this age, the number of people has decreased.
The union has already lodged a complaint with the SP (City) to take the necessary action.
“It is a fact that is an opportunity to renegotiate to give permission for the applicants to pay the pension to the former MDCs.
He said that the MUDA bye law will be amended according to the recommendation of the District Council.
Good communication is the bedrock of every happy home.20.
Over time, there have been many changes that people have made and followed in different ways and introduced new ways according to the feelings of the celebrants. It has started, but let us look a little bit at the celebration of Christmas in our country.
The case under the NDPS will be taken up immediately,” said Superintendent of Police S Nongtynger.
and after 25 years he got another chance to star in the producer's films.
They cannot just force or mark themselves as they have done in the media.
However, with the passage of time, we cannot say that the unlimited access of foreigners to invade our beloved state and country has faded the color of Khasi dignity. of us in righteousness, goodness and all this happens because of what we cannot say, that is, the ignorance and excessiveness of us all.
She said that in recent days, Sikkim has witnessed an increase in cases of kidnapping, rape and other violence.
They went to PHC Mawryngkneng for treatment but could not be treated there due to lack of doctors and there are only two nurses, said the Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Peter J Lawai. I don't know why they got sick because there is no doctor.
, the family of Bah Evansis Jones Myrthong has generously built a passenger shed for Saiden Village, which is one of the villages in Ri Bhoi District.
Bhalang continued to speak to the Dkhar.
These two villages extended their special thanks to the Maharaj, Manbha Lyngdoh and those who attended the ceremony.
There is a plan to improve the Western Bypass to reduce traffic jam.
In the recent tournament, the crowds gathered to witness the matches at Brabourne and D.Y.Patil Stadium and which impressed the spectators as well as the players along with the rights of the teams. The BCCI has been asked to increase its revenue to Rs 4,700 crore and the right to broadcast through the media to Rs 951 crore.
Along with the Minister, other speakers were MDC Finelyness Bareh, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Kong JU Kharpuri, Joint Director of School Education and Literacy, Government of Meghalaya Bah LS Lyngdoh. government, teachers, school children, village leaders and others.
The Seiñraij Tuber has already announced the SOPs for the participation in the Behdieñkhlam to curb the spread of COVID-1
According to Pangniang, the KHADC should complete the report by collecting witnesses from the Elaka, Hima especially those who have been displaced by Assam in those areas.
Kuki MLAs including those in the BJP, Kuki rebel groups in the ceasefire and those in peace talks have demanded their own management from the Manipur government regarding the the rule of the Khadars in their own land.
He said that Bangladeshis used to steal stones from private land and also steal and damage trees and other plants.
Bosswel Khongthohrem said that the behavior of the exploiters in Nohwet village shows the destruction of the poor in the village and this has prompted him to lodge a complaint with the DC's office and demand The government should not intervene on this.
At the same time, it also contains iron which benefits many health aspects.
The prize money for the winner will be T.2,00,000/- and for the runner up will be T.1,00,000/-.
Nine political parties of the Joint Action Committee of Social Organizations (JACSO) today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem to request that the NOC to the companies to dig the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 04 : The daily power outage in the state will be temporary only, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Electricity Department.
To understand the nature of Khadar rule in that century, it is also important to look at the freedom struggles that raged across India at that time.
To date, the Draft Rules have not received final approval from the Cabinet or the Assembly.
The United States has pledged to send 4,000 troops to Kuwait after Donald Trump threatened Iran to pay a heavy price for the invasion. of the US Embassy in Baghdad yesterday.
Compensate : means to compensate, to compensate, to compensate, to take or accept oneself to rescue or save others who have fallen into trouble; buria is the payment for the debt of others; puroi is the one who takes something to save himself by stealing from others.
This happened on the 13th of this month while the child was playing near the transformer.
The first Mangtyngka Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly in the new government has witnessed the participation of newly elected MLAs from various parties including the Opposition. Liang Governing Spirit.
The party also questioned whether the MP has ever spoken in the House of Parliament, or whether he has been a remote speaker. KJNU.Nongpoh, July 29: Unidentified robbers have robbed the State Bank of India, ICAR Branch, Umiam, at 12:00 pm today. In this robbery, the robbers also stole tens of lakhs of rupees.
They don't know until these days who Conrad is, because in the election the money was thrown away; 5000 tyngka manla households almost every village,
In another incident in Ri Bhoi, two houses and nearby shops were completely destroyed by the blaze.
Khliehriat, July 13: The Dorbar Shnong Hingaria, 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, East Jaintia Hills District, welcomes all the candidates for the Assembly elections. At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has banned those who contest the MLA election and those who come to campaign for the election from distributing money and kyiad to the residents. The Dorbar Shnong Hingaria shall punish anyone who violates this order according to the rules and regulations.
Lewandowski has expressed his hope that he will be able to play with Messi at the same club from next season.
“Not only in Phulbari constituency but also in other constituencies,” he added.
Speaking at the meeting, Minister MB Kharlukhi, one of the leaders of Syllai Ulor, said that in 2007, the farmers of Syllai Ulor village welcomed the Raid with enthusiasm so that the Raid could win. The Lyngdoh of Raid Mylliem, Bah C. Marbaniang, gave the land to the Seng Khasi for burning.
The Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang on 6th July started the celebration of the 75th Platinum Jubilee (1949-2024) of the Khimusniang Village.
Earlier, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) had opposed the implementation of this food scheme because of the many problems that have affected the indigenous people.
Even India, which is the largest country in terms of population, does not match other smaller countries but has won more medals than other countries. small.
He said that as of now, the chief of the Hima Langrin has been like David Scott during the time of the French and there is no chief like Tirot Singh to stand firm on the land. He said that the Administration Rule 2010 is to abolish the right of male headmen for 18 years.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 25: Hundreds of residents of Lawblei village, South West Khasi Hills District, have joined the HSPDP to give their full support to Bah Renikton Lyngdoh. He is the candidate of the HSPDP for the MLA election from Mawkyrwat Constituency.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the District Council and the EM Trade who have been sitting on the bench without doing anything to conduct inspections through the Enforcement Police, as these factories are now operating without permits and demands. The District Council should visit and inspect the site otherwise the union will take other strong measures.
Lower Primary School' which is one of the schools in Pyndenlyngdoh village, South West Khasi Hills District which was established in 1960 and has been running for about 64 years. to the children who attend school due to the lack of classrooms.
The 140m high bridge is said to be the tallest bridge in East Jaintia Hills and connects many villages including 7 villages from Ladrymbai to Moolamanoh, Mulang, Musniang, Musniang. Rim, Moo-Nongtdu and Lumputhoi as well as three villages including Mutong, Cham Cham, Lum Shyrmit, Mukhaialong and Pynthorsale before rejoining the National Highway NH-6 in Kongong.
Although there is a clear provision in the Constitution, the lack of assistants, on the part of lawyers, in the police stations, allows these acts of violence against those arrested.
The program was conducted by IBSD under the Himalayan Bioresources Mission under the leadership of Prof Pulok K Mukherjee, Director of IBSD. The farmers don't have to eat from these plants.
“My own message is clear.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has summoned the party MDCs from JHADC to discuss the news of the resignation of four MDCs. The meeting will be held at 12 noon at the residence of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Bivar Road, Shillong.
After this, there were complaints against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) 2.0 government that it is weak or that it allows Assam to act by force and so on.
The BJP leader, who is also a Union Minister from Delhi, said that he is a Christian who goes to church every Sunday. He said he is an IAS officer in He served as Deputy Commissioner for 30 years, Secretary of Kerala after contesting elections as an independent MLA in Kerala. BJP candidate and now a Minister of State in India.
“This is a warning to the people of the state that this is the price you pay if you sell your vote.
The woman said that Bijay Shankar Das had cheated on her, even though they had been in a relationship for three years.
Khliehriat: Sengbhalang and Coal Traders Associations in East Jaintia Hills today suddenly protested against the state government's decision to allow coal mining companies in East Jaintia Hills to import coal from the state government. Assam to EJH. The JSM, HNYF, KSU and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs together with the Coal Traders Association, the Jaintia Amalgamated and Redressal Forum (JARF), the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers' Association and others. At least 100 people came out with placards and slogans to protest against the government's decision.
The government has claimed that the TB Hospital in Umsawli, which the government has claimed to have already provided beds, has not yet been implemented and today there is a shortage of beds. bed to the sick.
The EM also urged the public to read the rules of the council so that they can understand, adding that these people, although they have stayed in the state for a long time, have not received the approval of the council. The Rangbah Shnong will take about a day to examine them and if found to be in compliance with the rules, they will be given land.
Conrad said the people and the State should praise because it is the first time that any Government has taken action to evacuate the residents from this area.
“Those who leave the party after receiving benefits from the party, it is for their own benefit and not for the development of Meghalaya.
The question is, "Why is this?".
One of them was Sepoy Wellington Massar who was shot dead on 15 May
The Khasi Laitkor Seng started the “Shad Suk Mynsiem” in
Shillong, Naitung 7: Thirty-three members of the KSU Umjaiur Unit and two leaders of the Mawlai Circle have decided to leave the party from Monday. .
MeECL has cut off electricity to all these households and will issue notices to these people in these days to be fined.
In the 62nd minute, Aibiang Nongneng scored the third goal.
“We will resolve this issue as soon as possible,” said Bah Syiem. He added that it will be up to the EC whether it feels necessary to convene a special session to discuss this issue. I don't have an EC.
On the other hand, the State Government has asked for four months to consider the proposal sent back by the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
“As a father of the household, I will not allow my wife to take only 1000 tyngka.
The Chief Minister and President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday slammed the TMC Leader and Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma. He allegedly used force and violence against the people of the state during his tenure.
The leaders of the union waited for the Chief Secretary in front of his office until 5:30 pm but he did not come, so they decided to leave and left their demand letter at his office.
He said that since he won the MLA election from the HSPDP, the people have not gone to Singh to ask for schemes or schemes, but have come to ask for it.
In Laskeiñ Block, the participating schools included Seinraij LPS SSA, Mukhap, Umsalait LPS SSA, Saphai Kympreng LPS SSA and Pynthorsuwei LPS SSA.
The Government has the intention to violate the rights granted to the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
The Seng, therefore, would like to urge the Hima Nongspung, that if they have not already lodged a complaint, they should do so, because the land which has been built by Assam, has already been completed. within the border of Meghalaya, where as the party does not want Assam to cross the border of Meghalaya, by destroying development projects, such as roads and other development projects, he said. added.
For those people who have visited the bank on these dates, they are urged to stay away from others and also to understand their own health and also to wear Face Mask and hand sanitizer. However, if they feel different, that is, if they have any difficulty in ringing or breathing within these 10 days, they must first stay away from others and inform them by calling the District Control Room No. .03638232028/1077 bad Health Help Line No.8797520449.
On receiving information about the incident, the MPSO leaders have sought information from the suspect, and found that he has admitted to being a resident of Umling, Ri. Hurricane district.
The Government should take strong action to restore peace and stability in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : The Working President of the PDF and Minister of Sports, Youth Affairs and Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that as the leader of the party, the party as a whole demands an inquiry. The Independent Inquiry into the shooting death of seven Meghalayans and a Forest Guard of Assam and many others were seriously injured in the open shooting by Assam police near Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills today. Hills.
On the resignation of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Shangpliang said that the Minister of Home Affairs has already given him the opportunity to resign from the Ministry of Home Affairs. Minister of Home Affairs, this shows that the government has turned away from the people, especially the people of Mawlai.
To serve shows that we care about them and to care shows that we respect them.
“What is the reservation for? Reservation is for those who have not yet benefited and are less fortunate in society, so that they can be developed together.
The General Secretary of the Union, Bah Tiplai Riahtam, said that the Union has no knowledge of the news that has spread in recent days due to the Civil Sub-Division, “We are surprised to see in the newspapers yesterday the demand for a Public Hearing of the Union, which we don't know anything about. “It's been done by the Chairman alone,” said the General Secretary of the Union, Bah Tiplai Riahtam.
“The elections are far away and these issues we are fighting for are not election issues but issues to be a blessing to the youth who are looking for jobs,” said Ardent.
The new cases include EKH: 25, NGH: 1, RBD: 1, SWKH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
In another match, Krang SC beat Umpling SC 0-1 with a goal from B.Thongni in the 35th minute.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhanu on Thursday launched the IEC Van for urban areas during the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
NSA will play against Sohmynting, Sabahmuswang against Dongmihsngi and Royal Pole Mihmyntdu against Evergreen Mukhla.
In the second phase, 16.6 km of 15m wide roads and 3.2 km of 7.5m wide 2-lane roads have been proposed at a cost of T.185 crore.
"The man is from the village but he lives in Umsohsun and does business in the market..." said Rida. Then Niakha felt very sorry for her daughter (Rida); she shook her head, and said nothing more.
The Villagers of the State are waiting for the Government to evict their employees from the Metor Area and to evict the illegal occupants from the Government land according to the Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants. Act, 1980, which is an Act to prohibit illegal residents from Government land.
Bernard Marak was arrested on 26th November from Hapur district of Uttar Pradesh for the arrest of 73 people and the release of more than five children. , I'm not sure what to do with Bernard Marak.
The deceased is a 58-year-old resident of Jhalupara, Shillong.
The investigation and investigation has found the involvement of Bah Cherish in these bomb blasts, in which the HNLC has admitted that the blasting of these bombs clearly shows the involvement of Bah Cherish.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lyngdoh said, “All the MLAs have agreed, we don't have any more protest”.
It is learned that one of the occupants of the Bolero sustained minor injuries, but all the occupants of the Bolero escaped with serious injuries. .
Tura, Jymmang 14 : Chibinang is a prominent and developed village in all aspects. Different ethnic groups live and work in this area.
Ardent said the reason for the name is because it is not only a party with only the HSPDP but also a party with its own MDC and also the Sengbhalang.
He said he has authorized the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District to convene a meeting with the stakeholders to take a decision to build the railway line in Ri Bhoi District.
This characteristic of her has bought her the love of all and her excellence in her studies has earned her the respect and admiration of her teachers, classmates and relatives.
After a while, Nongthymmai managed to turn the tide through Rabi Handsa in the 80th minute to equalize.
The team today left for Saudi Arabia and on the 19th they will leave for Kathmandu for the tournament.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Gurjit Singh said that the HPC has proposed that the Government should provide up to 10 acres of land for the resettlement of the Harijans from Them Metor. long within the European Ward.
But if you don't, you'll lose a lot of grain.
Shillong: Leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) and HSPDP together with the UDP leaders, today campaigned in Wahkaliar, Laitduh and Shella villages to urge the people to give their full support to the UDP candidate. U Bah Balajiedkupar Synrem in the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency.
However, u Bah Metbah said that once you have decided to fight for the election, you should be determined to achieve your goal.
Meanwhile, the teachers have terminated their relationship with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo if he does not change his behaviour.
However, at the same time, he said that it is too early to write about it.
“The decision was taken after the resolution was signed by former EM in-charge Trade Sanbor Shullai, Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek and Head of Relief & Rehabilitation Colony Ushanta Kumar Das. year 2007.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association congratulates and expresses its pride to these youngsters for their selection to the NCA Camp.
Now the farmers should turn to organic fertilizers as before when there is no need to apply chemical fertilizers which are harmful to life and the environment, said Kong Syiemiong.
The earthquake has affected parts of Meghalaya, Assam and Nagaland and no one has been injured or casualties at the time of writing.
Conrad said the states of the North East are rich in natural resources, noting that they are a major hub that can connect India with other countries in the region. South East Asia.
“If a Khasi man marries a non-Khasi woman, she will not be able to get the jait from her husband but only her children will not get it. The KHADC has already written the jait that she wants to write but the KHADC will not accept non-Khasi women who have married Khasi to write the jait. kind of people".
“I Kong Pretty Kharpyngrope, who has not been in the UDP for a long time, has been talking nonsense in the newspapers, just to mislead the people, that I have made the rules in the UDP and now I am breaking them. hi.
These three authorities have not yet taken any action regarding the cleanliness and maintenance of these rivers.
In the West and in all the developed countries, the water for the cow's milk is carefully maintained so that it does not flow.
Speaking at the programme, Samla Treiborlang R Suchen, Youth Leader of the Seng, said that as a nation, we have to preserve our language, culture and traditions. to avoid unclean marriage because it is a nation that is special because it gives birth to a woman.
“The violation of the NGT order shows that the Khadar rule in the state has failed under the leadership of the Congress and it should be held responsible for all this incident,” said Bah Shibun.
Mobile No. 8787412552," he said.
The President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, Ma Alan Niangti said, “The plan to close the market in Jowai tomorrow 10th July has been canceled after the JMB and JHADC have collected all the garbage collected. The JMB has also completed three markets including Seiñraij Market, Chor Market (run by CNI), Shyiap Market (run by Jowai Presbyterian Church) and Thymme Market (run by JHADC). to collect the garbage in front of the DC office and Thomas Jones Synod College on the 6th of this month.
On the role of the Police Department in the traffic, the CM said that the construction of the Assembly Hall in New Shillong, Mawdiangdiang cannot be completed soon. There will be a shortage of traffic jam in the urban areas and the Traffic Department of the Police Department has a major role to play in this regard. .
Regarding the RBYF members' ability to donate blankets to these poor families, Bah Rocky Marwein, expressed his special thanks to the RBYF, which is one of the service organizations. He also encouraged the RBYF leaders to continue to do such good deeds, which is a help to the poor families.
Shillong, Lber 26 : How many people want Railway and how many want Hindi? Ma Sngiawbhalang Dhar Dy.CM has misled the Railway in the House and the Governor's Hindi is not sufficient according to Art 348 of the Constitution.
Besides the football match, the FKJGP Mawnianglah Unit, one of the departments under the jurisdiction of the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit, donated 1000 rupees to Iewrynghep Secondary School, Mawnianglah. Top Syntex is 1000 ltrs.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Thousands of supporters of various candidates and parties have turned up at the office of the DC East Khasi Hills District to accompany and encourage the candidates of the DC East Khasi Hills District. they.
Explaining the work of the DoNER Ministry, Dr Singh said the Ministry has conducted North East Calling and Destination North East in different parts of the country to accelerate the development of the region.
If the union finds that the students or shopkeepers do not respect this understanding, the union will punish them severely.
The meeting of the Kur Phyllei will be held on the 28th January 2023 at 10.00 am.
He said that the Meghalaya Youth Policy has introduced a coupon system in which there will be skilled teachers and financial assistance will be provided to them so that they can provide training to the youth of different districts. the state.
He said that this news has been spread to the supporters so that they can know and come and work with the party for the victory of the candidate.
“The department has also taken many measures to strengthen the Drug Testing Laboratory of the State which is the Forensic Science Laboratory.
Adjournment today – Waikhlempud will not be able to attend the meeting without any delay.
“Speaking on the joining of Bah HDR Lyngdoh to the UDP, Bah Samlin said that in the Sohiong election, if you contest from any party, it is the same.
On the other hand, SS Syiemlieh said that all the works are in progress in the construction of the river but due to the lockdown, all the works have been suspended. Last month, they had held a meeting with the organization to implement this project and he said that in the next few days the scientists will come to our state to do this project as soon as possible. .
Leaders of KSU, FKJGP, HYC of Mawlai Circle were also present at the programme.
After Ardent, speeches were delivered by Adelbert Nongrum, MDC of KHNAM who said that KHNAM has nothing to do with Ardent or within ARPA, but is ready to provide services to the party. for the benefit of the people and the nation.
At the same time, he promised to continue to speak out on the issues of teachers as an MLA in the House and that the government should look into their issues.
Presenting a statement in the House regarding the call attention notice of North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Ampareen said, “Because of the lack of clarity on the role of the district authorities regarding the issuance of Permanent Residency Certificate, as some Districts have issued Provisional PRC to Open Category students recently, it has been decided to send this to the Home (Political) Department and Law Department. ask for clarification".
Dr War said that out of the 35 cases of Covid-19 in Ribhoi District, 5 cases are from the armed forces and the others are cases from an employee at Green Wood Resort. They were sent to hospitals in Guwahati for treatment.
It is surprising how these people managed to escape from Khliehriat while the security at the Tuber Gate in East Jaintia Hills District was very tight.
The NGT's ban on coal mining, quarrying, construction of houses along the Umkhrah River, and the lack of a Mining Policy by the state government have affected the people who live in the coal mining industry and other activities.
Flooding was also witnessed in parts of the Maw Long Market area where the streets and roads were flooded.
Dawki: The residents of Dawki area on Sunday protested against the government's lack of attention to repair the road from Tamabil Dawki to Mutakpur. which was filled with the snow and the rain.
The foundation stone of the school was laid by Ma Vincent H Pala MP Shillong on Saturday in the presence of MLA D.Jyndiang, L.G. Nongsiej MDC of Nongstoin and also the management of the school.
After this, 95 children received their first Communion.
Hemen Borah, an advisor to the AGP and founder of the AGP and two-time prime minister, has spoken out against the AGP-BJP alliance. “I have strongly opposed the BJP and I want to implement the Assam Accord.
The petition was signed by Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Education Secretary, KSU Jowa Circle.
Moonbin, one of the members of the band Astro, has died at the age of
If the people don't like it then why are you creating more problems out of an existing problem? If you cannot solve the problems leave it to the next generation to do it, never create and exacerbate more problems from the existing ones," he said.
In a statement, the members of the KSU Umjaiur said that the reason why they left the KSU Umjaiur is on the grounds that the leaders of the KSU Umjaiur have been biased to arrest u. soh pyut and to break the good soh.
Therefore, I appeal to the people not to divide the jaidbynriew because our jaidbynriew is not a high paid jaidbynriew,” he said. RDA to elect Robertjune Kharjahrin as the new MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
“The news has spread to Mawkyrwat if Bah Renikton continues and the HSPDP will win the 2023 elections.
2019 Cricket World Cup: Dhoni is one of 15 Indian players to feature in the 2019 Cricket World Cup. long in England and Wales.
Those who attended the fair included Block Development Officer Wapung C&RD Block, T.Shylla, District Immunization Officer I/C, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr.(Mrs) NP Suchiang, DEIC Manager, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr. Handaka, District Social Welfare Officer, R. Pasah, Dr. W. Bamon, Sub-Divisional Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Head, and Dr. (Ms).
Therefore, the KHADC will develop the rules for building houses for the areas outside the Shillong Agglomeration.
The election in Sohiong had to be temporarily postponed after the death of UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh before polling day.
The election in Sohiong has been postponed along with 59 other constituencies in the state on 27th June 2023 due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh of the UDP. Sohiong election, according to reports in recent days, may be an election that could bring about a change in the government or the Cabinet, in which some leaders have expressed that they may have Ministers who were allowed to be removed after the Sohiong elections to be replaced by others.
Jesus has already given the parable of the five foolish virgins, who stingy their lives without preparing properly, failed to enter the supper of the Son of God, and when they knocked late. , He said unto them, Verily I say unto you, I know you not. It is a fearful thing to be rejected at the gate of eternity.
According to sources, it is understood that the UDP will request Bah Pynshngain to support the candidate of Bah Pius Marwein in the mid-term elections from Ranikor.
“If we look at the statistics of the Government of Meghalaya, we see that people, especially the youth, are becoming addicted to drugs.
Therefore, the British Government came to knieh only because it is a country rich in wealth, a country blessed by God especially our beloved Khasi country which in our time is called ieid in the language phira. ne sarong words, “The Scotland of the East”.
The State Government has declared tomorrow Saturday as a working day to commemorate the day lost due to the curfew called by the Sengbhalang on 2nd November.
However, the members of HITO did not listen and went together to accompany the President led by Gary Marboh, Shaniah Nongrum, James L Nongpyur and Wanbun NDkhar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : Arunachal Pradesh has won 12 out of 24 gold medals in the 2nd North East Olympic Games
The report said that according to the investigation, the fault was caused by the truck which went to collide with the Maruti.
He said that the plan to prepare the new budget has come to an end.
Klong is one of the vegetables that contains many health benefits.
Police said the group used to extort money from the rich people of Lum Garo.
The people of Khasi Jaintia don't know that the BJP canvass.
The roster system is based on the reservation policy and this has been implemented until the order of the Meghalaya High Court in June
Therefore, the government should take action to find ways and means to free the passengers from this problem,” said Bah Ronnie.
However, the owners of the land were surprised because when they went to the DC's office to demand their rights, they received a letter from the DC's office that GR Infra Ltd has refused to pay the fee.
The Meteorological Department has forecast rain and thundershowers around Shillong tomorrow.
Because none of these things can change the love of God for mankind until today, the love of God for mankind is still evident throughout the world.
(5) That the rulers and leaders of the people shall work with the people with trust and justice for the development of the citizens and the country.
Nongpoh: A teacher at the University of Meghalaya, Killing, has been injured after her vehicle fell into a remote area in Baridua village. , Ri Bhoi District.
He alleged that the education department has turned a blind eye to this and has violated the spirit of the RTE Act.
The Prime Minister of the country has not issued any articles regarding Manipur, does the Government of India still exist? he asked the Congress leader.
Regardless of whether you have used any of these methods, the Reservation Policy and Roster System cannot be used retrospectively.
“On behalf of the Council, when I was the Chief Executive Member (CEM), I introduced a law known as the Village Development Council (VDC) Act. The law shall fulfill the desire of the Central Government to have governance in the villages.
T.2,16,500 worth of counterfeit notes were recovered from the search, including 433 counterfeit notes worth T.
Police also arrested two of Cherish's sons, who were also in his house.
The BJP Meghalaya Unit has announced that it will contest from West Shillong Constituency.
Tourism is also one of the sources of income for countries and states and also one of the sources of employment for the residents from farmers, handicraft makers, hoteliers. resort owners, shopkeepers, restaurant owners, car drivers, boat owners and others from various types of daily activities.
Now, the truth is that the Kharmetor who live in the Iewduh Metor are of two types.
"“While the nation is waiting for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, we have been ignored by making Hindi Compulsory for schools up to the primary level. Class X," he said.
Revelation 21:5
Shillong, November 05: The illegal issuance of 500 and 1000 notes by the Central Government has angered the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, who has predicted that corruption will increase in the future. bring confusion to the people of the land.
“This is how we reached home safely, it is something very special that they (Government of Sikkim) have done for us.
I, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, War Jaintia Padu Unit, today, July 1, 2021, have sent a complaint to the Local MLA of the constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the Minister of Home Affairs. Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, SDO Amlarem (Civil) Subdivision.
According to the estimates, there are about 5,173 people under the supervision of the district authorities.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Government is considering the demands of the Adhoc School Teachers and said that he will convene a meeting with the Finance Department of the State Government to discuss the issue. If the Government does not approve the increase in salaries, the cost will reach hundreds of crores.
Replying to the proposal of the CEM, Bah PN Syiem MDC of Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah, he said that according to rule 9, the dorbar should be held every four months and the EC has completed its proposal. The Leader of the Opposition, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the Opposition accepts the proposal on the basis of the rules mentioned above. The meeting shall be held on the first day and shall be submitted to the next meeting.
“Even in the Legislative Assembly, the people of the state have been misled.
The temperature is measured by thermometers placed in front of a small window about 4 feet and a half from the ground and should not be opened while they are cleaning the leaves inside the house.
“However, at present, we cannot say anything without seeing the Bill and what the government will do because this is only a Bill brought by an MP himself and not by the government,” he added.
“Friends, I believe you have seen that as soon as Dr Sailo tested positive for Corona, there have been many criticisms against the government, the police, the doctors...especially the winestores in Shillong.
There are 87 churches in this service.
The Inter School Athletic Meet, organized by the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District, has come to an end today at the SAI Stadium, STC. North Eastern Hill University.
I am now 60 years old, which means I have reached the X category.
“Groups like the LRO and other foreign religious groups...their own intention is because they understand that the ethnic war will harm them, they want to use the religion to fight against the Khasi people as well as other ethnic groups who do not share their religion.
When traveling to places you’ve never been before with a toddler, be mindful.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, said that the RBYF has 373 units that are alive and ready to provide services to the people. Many of them have died part-time and lacked in the way of working by praising the 3 village Unit is one of the units which has unity as a friend and has done many things to bring the glory of the organization and especially the community. the community.
In the Zone 1 Group A match at Umbuda, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi after winning the toss elected to bat first.
The HYC Mawshynrut Circle together with the Proiñ Village Leaders, has not stopped the work on this road, because the cleaning is too slow and too slow to paint.
The CoRP has started its 25th Anniversary Celebration with a Talen Show at Umroi Nongrah, as part of the opening ceremony for young talented dancers and others.
“If they continue to be threatened, they will do it at their own discretion,” he said.
Shillong: H Elias HSS, which led Meghalaya to the National Level Suborot Cup under 17 years, lost to Assam 1-2 goals in the last match of the league today.
Then the TA/DA is equal to the Grade 1 officer.
Besides this, 5 kilos of rice has been released per head under the Prime Minister's Garib Kalyan Aana Yojana (PMGKAY).
166 goals were scored by 75 players.
The celebration was enriched by songs and dances by the local artists.
Also present on the occasion were Puramon Kynjing, Chief Engineer PHE, Chief Engineer PHE, Lamphrang Pohktai. lem and others.
On this occasion, the public is requested not to accept such misleading information to confuse the people.
The District Magistrate also ordered that those who violate this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
They were handed over to the Customs Officer at Balat, East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
Not only that, he said that as Nongstoin College is not a government college, the management of the college will have to provide 10% to the state government so that they can get the The committee has also learned that the management of the college has prepared the 10% with the support of the MLAs. from the region.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC of Mylliem Hima, on Tuesday said that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and his ministers have been walking around the country. against, for him and distributed money to those who supported the side they wanted.
When we examine all the circumstances, we witness the surprise and enthusiasm of many churches in many ways.
Initially, he said the committee will try to get all the information before sending it to the state government.
Moonlight Daw, brother of Rimialson, admitted that Rimialson is a person with schizophrenia and is undergoing treatment at MIMHANS. Rimialson's letter to Archbishop Jala to the media, apologizes to all those whom Rimialson Daw has offended with his letter on Facebook.
At the same time, Bah Charles said that if he wins the election, he will be happy to serve the people and the nation.
He said that these Dorbar Shnongs are our local authorities which have been recognized by the Constitution and on this occasion the KHADC has prepared a directive to send to all the banks not to Pancards should be requested from the Dorbar Shnongs, as they are the authorities under the laws and rules of the District Council.
At the same time, Star Cement has also taken care to provide blackboards, tables, chairs, books, school bags, blankets to the children of this village. part of children's educational needs.
Others present included Prestone Tynsong, Minister of PWD, AL Hek, Minister of Health, Minister of Transport, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and others.
Let me pay now,” said Ri and they left.
The complaint against these two SHGs – Akusa Self Help Group of Walbakgre, Tura and Chinasa Self Help Group of Kebolpara, Ampati was lodged with the Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills on Tuesday.
The injured patient is also from Nongshluid village under Mawsynram C&RD Block and under the care of Mawsynram CHC of Meghalaya.
“Meghalaya is the rainiest place in the world.
Protests against the Farmers Act of the Indian government have reached Delhi and this morning, some people set fire to a tractor near the India Gate in Delhi.
In this regard, a petition has been sent to the President of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal (Nishank) to demand their involvement in this regard. role.
The Pastor spoke about the holiness of Kada who was chosen to sit on him by Jesus Christ and said that this little Kada has a spirit of humility, humility and obedience.
It is worth mentioning that the election in Sohiong, which was held later than other constituencies, was held after the sudden death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate. Bah Synshar Thabah was elected as the candidate.
“This process will take some time,’” the newspaper said.
Regarding the incident, it was said that the house which suffered from the tied Pyrthad, has collapsed completely, which has been severely damaged and has reached lakhs of rupees in damage, due to the belongings inside. and they burnt down the house, and burnt it with fire.
The Meghalaya State Volleyball Association (MSVA) has also selected players from all over the state of Meghalaya, five of whom are from South West Khasi Hills District. They are Pynsuklang Lartang, Sankupar Wanniang, Hillary Shylla, Banteilang Wanniang and Wadborlang Mylliem.
Furthermore, the union does not agree with the MeECL, which will not provide electricity to them because if it does, it means that it will provide electricity to the illegal residents.
net/meghalayawww.indiaresults.comwww.jagranjosh.comwww.knowyourresult.comwww.timesofindia.comwww.examresults.
“The Prime Minister's refusal to call for talks with the Sengbhalang will lead to where it will lead and we think the government will call to the table of talks, but I believe in this silence of the Prime Minister because the protests themselves can lead to the path of youth violence as happened in Assam,” he added.
Many would like to say that the Constitution of India does not set any requirements for the education of the people who will become the representatives of the state or the country as a whole.
I feel sorry for the villagers, when they hear the news like this, sometimes they get sick and suffer, sometimes just to cook food, cook jhur, to go to fetch water from abroad. They didn't want to go to buy food or jhur.
According to Sangma, as usual, an inquiry is conducted when there is a sudden death and after receiving the report, the government can order an independent inquiry.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U LA of Sohra Constituency, Bah Titos Chyne, has written to the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma to take action to release the salaries of the employees of MCCL which has been suspended for nearly a year.
The State Education Policy 2018 has not included any mention of the accommodation of students especially in higher education. They have to move from one village to another especially in Shillong where many schools are located.
Shillong: Lakhs of rupees have been lost in the three months of the implementation of the curfew by the State Government due to the outbreak of Corona virus in the second phase.
Gujarat, Nailur 25: It is an honor and pride for Meghalaya as a whole that two boxers from the region who took part in the first Pro Boxing Fight Night in Gujarat, have returned home together. bad you won.
In Bri Hynniewtrep the Sunday School is known as the Revelation School and the first Lord's Day of November every year is the World Sunday School Day.
After this, he will proceed to Ulihatu Village, the birthplace of Bhagwan Birsa Munda, where he will lay flowers at the grave of Bhagwan Birsa Munda.
The opportunity to overthrow the party has been lost due to the lack of action by the MUA-II government through Roshan.
Members of the House who spoke against the decision were Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition, Balajied Rani, PN Syiem and RV Lyngdoh.
"It's not like I'm going to come..." said the Rangbah Shnong.
Replying to a question by BJP MLA Bidyasing Engleng on a question in the Legislative Assembly today, which was not asked orally, Sarma said that Mukroh falls within the border. you are from Assam.
The VPP's program of action under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit started after he lost the election to the State Legislative Assembly more than five years ago.
He said that if this work continues, the stone and shyiap will be carried into the river along with the sharing lum and this will cause serious damage to the environment and kill the fish.
The Minister said that a personal interview was conducted to look into other needs of the candidates. The question that should have been asked to the MR in the House was “what are those needs that need to be looked into? Sweeper or other grade 4 jobs only through personal interview.
Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, said that the file of their demand is still pending on the desk of the Planning Department and from the Planning Department it should go to the Finance Department. all departments are appointed by the Chief Minister of the State.
According to the doctors of Woodland Hospital, this is the first neonatal surgery in the records of the hospital and the patient is the youngest surgery to be treated.
“This violence by the army in Muktapur has caused the residents and neighboring villages to fear the army in their homes,” said Eddy Kery Pohtam, President JSU War Jaintia Circle.
There is still a second, third and fourth wave.
This school, founded by the missionaries, was the first to provide services only to women in Khasi Hills since 1892 until today.
When contacted, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the party, did not answer his mobile phone and could not be reached for comment.
Of the 14 persons identified through the video, seven others, including a child under the age of 18, were involved in the incident and were arrested by the police.
The National People's Party (NPP) has the highest number of voters in the Shillong Constituency in the 2024 Lok Sabha MP elections. all 36 constituencies in the MLA elections to be held in June,
Nisilia Majaw scored a hat-trick in the 46th minute.
They also said that due to the lack of skills of the children in this regard, the management of the company will have to train them first to be skilled and in the training. There are three phases before the children reach the managerial position and they will also receive a salary of T.35,000 per month. is Marketing Management and Managerial Management.
The distance between Diengpasoh Toll Plaza and Pasyih Toll Plaza is 56 Km.
Ferlin was sworn in by the Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy at his office in Khyndai Lad.
For three and a half years, the beast or the abomination will stand in the holy place (Jerusalem Holy Place).
Article 213 of the Constitution stipulates that the Governor does not have the power to sign an Ordinance without the approval of the President, as this Ordinance was passed by the Government only to protect the PS. to order other PSs to follow the example of Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap to resign but this government has passed a law to protect them.
In another match, Manchester United beat Cardiff 5-1 with Marcus Rashford scoring in the third minute and Ander Herrera in the 29th minute. Anthony Martial in the 41st minute, Jesse Lingard in the 55th minute and a penalty in the 90th minute.
If it is a fair government and acts according to the laws of the Government of India, the coal tax since 2000 when coal mining started until now, there is no need to go to Delhi to collect money or ask, only from the revenue from it, and the cleansing of the gold is finished.
Dr War said that these cases have not been included in the census as the random testing is ongoing.
According to the decision of the Union at the meeting held on 15th November, 2022 at Enowel Hall Amlarem, they unanimously demanded that the government should suspend this work while it is not yet done. get a detailed overview.
The Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Bah Donald Langstieh, has denied the allegation by the Orderly Peon, Wanpli Mary Lyngdoh Sawkmie, that he sent her to her house and harassed her.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya is preparing to contest the MP elections from Shillong and Tura after the proposal to nominate a joint candidate from the MDA failed due to the rivalry between the UDP and the NPP. The NPP has failed to nominate a candidate from Shillong for the MP elections.
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Law and Justice under the chairmanship of BJP MP (Rajya Sabha), Sushil Modi, met on 3rd November, 2023 in New Delhi to There are those who expect that the BJP government may introduce a bill in the Lyiur Session of Parliament which will start this month to implement the UCC. The Lok Sabha has been in session for about 10 months.
B.Paka Najiar, Youth Service Director and Rtn.
Hek said the residence of the suspect will be taken as a containment zone and the search for people close to the suspect is ongoing.
According to the letter submitted to the Executive Engineer, the union said that only one Lineman has found it difficult to look after the entire area and it has been like to punish him if there is a problem in the lineman. The line bor ding has also been a problem for the Lineman to arrive immediately, this has caused problems not only to the Lineman but also to the people of the area. The authorities have decided to take action as soon as possible to install a lineman in the Narpuh area.
In a statement sent by Samla Donbok Pde, Publicity Secretary of the union, he said that the union will hold a General Meeting on this issue to take a decision against this violence of the government. The meeting will be held at the Dorbar Hall Nongpoh (Sajer) on the 28th July, 2013, at 2 pm.
“If the MDA government now resolves the border issue in a well-founded manner, the residents will accept it but if we try to resolve this issue, only to complete it and only in the “It is our opinion that this will never affect the citizens of the state,” said Bah Bindo.
“I will seek an answer from the Hima Mylliem in this regard,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Giving the example of Sohra, Bah Paul said, “In the past, Sohra was also dependent on the coal mining, but this mining has been stopped because it has destroyed the environment. The coal industry is one that can be consumed once a day, but the tourism industry can be maintained and improved from generation to generation.
However, this is not a strong basis for the establishment of the mother race.
Not only has Prof. War made a great contribution to writing, but she has also taken responsibility in many fields.
However, according to Bah Shullai, if the government does not listen, all the Rangbah Shnongs, Himas and the people should be called together to demand the repeal of Para 12A of the 6th Scheduled.
In the government there are high paid ethnic groups so they will try to destroy us.
At the same time, he said that in the MDA government, unpleasant things have happened where only the relatives of the people in power have got the opportunity while the government has blocked the opportunity. to the people of the young men.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Ransom Sutnga, Co-Chairman of Mawkhar Sports Club.
The match today will be between Mawkriah Sports Club and Pay For Right Football Academy at 4:15 pm at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
The decline in the car market in recent days has led to the loss of jobs across the country and many car manufacturing factories have had to close down their workplaces or withdraw. to your servants.
From this tournament, the best players from both the Block will be selected to represent the District at the State Level to be held soon in Shillong.
The accident was serious and the Maruti Sen was badly damaged in the incident.
After the troops started erecting signs in the area, many vehicles coming from different places had to stop along the road and this has increased the congestion on the road.
According to the information received, only package 2 which is 26.54 KM long and package 4 which is 17.77 KM long have moved forward. The government has found that the government cannot do anything because the abandonment is due to the lack of land. road or the failure to complete the works that should have been done before the construction of this road.
“This decision of the government to set up this commission is a follow-up to the decision of the dorbar bah ki farmers held last year in the city,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
The team of Lamare Sports Club Shillong has reached the final of the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022-23 organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social & Cultural Club.
Jowai, Jymmang 07: The Jowai Students Movement (JSM) Central Body today welcomed the athletes of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) who came to participate in the Meghalaya Games 2022 with many medals. at different levels.
After writing the examination, she went straight to her house but did not reach her house until late in the evening when her family members and the villagers searched for her.
He said that the Assembly Secretariat has no information on the allegation that the contractors have any connection with IIT Guwahati as the appointment of the investigation team was done by the government.
They say that the clean marriage has produced so many children that there is no Khasi until the Khasi blood is too clean and this destroys and destroys the Khasi identity.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The illegal residents of Lum Survey near the Fire and Emergency Service have closed down their houses since morning on receipt of information that the District Administration of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong. , Shillong Cantonment Board, together with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council to inspect the site.
Shillong, March 15: The Shad of the Hima Khyrim Smit will be held on the 31st March 2014 and 1st November
The Seiñ Kur Dorbar Pyllun of the Biam Kur, which is related to the Buam, has expressed its deep sorrow and strong condemnation for the assault by the Border Security Force (BSF) on Dr. Seiboklang Buam, Officer incharge of the Veterinary Dispensary. ha Muktapur, with the intention of shooting him dead, while he was fishing in the Lakroh River at 12:30 pm on Sunday.
There is a good reason why dorbars should be held for the farmers in the districts.
Sri Lanka has now run out of money, with USD 7 billion in loans from various banks and a total of USD 25 billion in debt. years and now its foreign exchange, or currency exchange and other currencies of the world are no longer working, because it does not have the money to buy goods from different countries of the world.
From today, the scrutiny of the documents of the candidates who have already registered their names has started.
They said that the introduction of regional differences within the party is an injury to the Khasi minority.
As a sign of gratitude to Lahkmen Rymbui for his good deeds in admitting Nongtalang College to the People's College, the teachers of Nongtalang College have honored him to announce his good deeds on the second day. Honoring the members of the Governing Body for the year 2018-2022 and 15 students who brought honor to the college by passing 1st Class in the BA examination and one student who passed the HSSLC examination. The ceremony was held at the College Hall led by Spaiñlinmi Lapasam in the presence of members of the Governing Body and students.
She said the report has requested the Supreme Court to stop the coal mining in the state to allow the poor people to live a long life. The report also rejects the claim that the coal ban has affected the income and livelihood of the people in the state.
It is a great blessing to the party to open this office because through the existence of the party office we have been able to serve better and bring us closer to the people.
“All the 30 MDCs, as the VAB Act has been passed, must unite with one mind,” the CEM asked. The ordinance, as for the District Council Act, has not been implemented at all.
Conrad said the government has admitted that it does not have the money to pay the muster roll but why does it have the money to spend billions.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the MeECL office at Lumjingshai, Shillong where he held a meeting with the officers of the state company to review the progress of the work of the company. this company.
It is learned that the road has been blocked and could collapse at any time.
Shillong, July 25: Police have been deployed in all parts of Shillong to ensure that there will be no disturbance on the occasion of the Republic Day celebrations.
It is to be recalled that the last visit of the Umïam Dam was on the 9th of this month when the water level was only 3164.95 feet.
Shortly after the public learned about the fishing on the banks of the river in Byrnihat, many people came out and took out their own fishing gear. many fish and other kinds of animals that live in the water.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not yet received a full-time Chief Executive Member (CEM) for less than 10 months after the EC led by Teinwel Dkhar of the United Democratic Party (KHADC) was dissolved. Alliance (UDA).
The program was conducted by Babu Teibor Khymdeit and opened with a blessing prayer by Rev.PW Pnar.
As knowledge has grown, money has changed many forms and names as it is today and its progress is rapid, because it has become an era of wealth in this generation from now on.
“We have a strong suspicion that there may be those who work inside the office which takes contracts to enroll people because according to the information of the people who want to register themselves to get Addhar Number that they come from In the morning, they have to wait and stand in line while when Khrishna Sapkota comes, he enters without any hesitation and completes the work exactly inside,” said the Seng leaders.
The EC has decided to convene various Sub-Committees of the Dorbar Shnong on 28/05/2022 to discuss how to deal with the news. to clarify in the media on the news published by Linda Nongkrem.
The drivers of these trucks (AS01 DD 7891 and AS01 DD 6537) Nirmal Kr Das and Md. Narul Amin said that they had transported the timber from Iooksi and they will receive the challan when they reach Mookyndur.
Shillong, March 20: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday promised to bring before the Cabinet meeting of the State Government soon the demands of the contract teachers. The MGLPSCTA has requested the Education Department of the State Government to re-employ them after they were dismissed in July,
He said that it is for this reason that the government has upgraded all the health centers in the state not only from Sub Centers to PHCs but also from PHCs to CHCs so that the people do not have to go up. Than only here in Shillong because in their villages or nearby villages they have received adequate treatment”.
The award ceremony was held in the name of Myllung Soso Tham, as a quotation from the snapshots of his philosophy for the building of society.
The letter also states that Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai has been suspended from his post as Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka in accordance with the provisions of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act. headmen) Act 1959.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong urged the MeECL department to think about this issue and to deliver the bill lights every month so that the The residents of this area will be able to pay monthly and there will be no debt.
The 50th Anniversary of the school was inaugurated by Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education on Saturday.
If it were me, I would have felt very happy...” Bahnah said. “You are the only one who is poor and sad...” Deisy said, “Where is it, go like that, you don't see me. The father of Riia also asked me to come at any time.
Two children who were walking along the road in the area of ​​7 mer, have almost been hit by an Alto private vehicle, which has collided with another vehicle. with a speed that I can no longer control and that too not in the corners, but on a straight path.
All the workers agreed to this because it was better than fighting against their masters.
In another development, the Achik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) has strongly condemned the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for its intention to hold a rally against the Roster System of the Reservation Policy. The State hopes that this political party will have the right attitude.
The team was led by Dr. Chizite Iheonunekwu of the Cleveland Clinic, who found and removed the food that had been stuck in the child's stomach for days.
This 'Shmea pang' was a place reserved in the past only for those who had become Christians, that is, those who had left Thangbuli, but although these people who had left Thangbuli came to live. but they still use the name Thangbuli which is the name of their old village.
The book is available from Ri Khasi Book Stall and other bookstores.
Damechwa Dkhar scored the first goal for Soomer in the 29th minute.
"As a young man who has completed his law studies, he takes this opportunity to come forward to go to the Legislative Assembly with the support of the people of Sohiong to go as a legislator. and the introduction of various schemes.
Not only did he preach, but Jesus also performed miracles and healed the sick.
The expenditure in the last four years under DONER schemes is T.7534.46 crore, while the revenue from the expenditure for the next four years till 2025-26 is T.19482.20 crore (2.60 times )Major steps have been taken for the development of local resources.
Don't be like Tyngab shah tap iewranei. Speak the truth, don't steal your foundation, don't steal your own.
Now, under the leadership of the Prime Minister, India has become stronger.
However, L Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, founder of the HSPDP, and Pastor PBM Basaïawmoit together with the state political parties, opposed and fought against the mining of uranium.
On the same issue, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Nongtrai Area Unit in the past few years, has written a letter demanding the upgradation of Umsohpieng Sub-Centre as a PHC. the whole Nongtrai area.
Bishop Victor, while delivering the Word of God, said that we should trust in God in our daily lives.
One example is to honor and buskit to those young people who work hard and especially those who work independently in small jobs whether in agriculture or any other job and to those young people who win. chess for various examinations.
Speaking to Rupang, the owner of the house, Bah Curtis Rani, said that as soon as the incident happened, the next morning, on Saturday, the news spread quickly through social media. He said that the SP City Vivek Syiem had phoned him and on the same day he had lodged a complaint against the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Pa'iem. Petrick Syiemiong and Joint Secretary of the Hima in Sohiong OP. Rani said that the reason he lodged a complaint against these two chiefs of the Hima Nongspung, was because the night before the incident. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkneng, Bah Kelingstar Rani, sent the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkneng, Bah Kelingstar Rani, to inform the mother of Curtis and say, 'The house is gone. see if RTI'.
Holger Rune beat Fabio Fognini 6-4, 6-2 to qualify for the tournament, but Jannik Sinner continued to save his career. They beat Russian Alexander Shevchenko 6-3, 6-7 (4/7), 6-2
These are the main points that a person should do if he doesn't really have the spirit and doesn't want to talk badly about the Khasi people of our state. state,,,sngw bhabrw over ,,nmr that there is no more km maka ,and you have shown a video that you have thh kmto,,bd krn the words that affect the household of our people ,,It's a shriew,,it's also a good sngw ,,,,I don't have a family,,I don't have a brother,,I don't have a father,,I just came out of the dew pdangTo God be with you in your life daily.
After the meeting, the WKSU after finding and seeing some of the signs that the factory has complied and implemented the demands of the union, the union decided to The Vice President of the factory has warned that the union will continue to monitor and if the union finds that the factory has not been able to provide the necessary services. All the requirements on the part of the union will have to take other stronger measures to warn the factory.
Karan Jaiswal tied 28 runs off 45 balls and Anon Ram tied 22 runs off 28 balls.
The HYC East Jaintia Hills District, said that in their meeting with the EE of PWD department in Khliehriat, he said that the office has also made progress in relation to the He also promised to take action on the request of the union to follow up on the maintenance of the road.
Now is the time for man to make choices for those times to come.
He declined to comment on whether he has any suspicions about those who spread these stories.
For the purpose of living together, the leaders of the family of the Lai Lyngdoh and the leading Saw Kur decided unanimously to unite and establish a kingdom, as well as to only the clan of the sons of Pah Syntiew as the clan of the Syiem shall rule the kingdom.
The JHADC in a letter sent to Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma by Chief Executive Member Ma Thombor Shiwat and other MDCs on Thursday said that the amendment to the Act will affect the procedure. to manage the land in Ri Lum and to empower the District Council.
Elias Saioo scored three goals for Phramer in the 48th and 74th minutes and Monjurlang Suchiang in the 52nd minute.
She also explained how these germs get into our bodies, the signs and symptoms of illness, and she also explained the importance of strict hygiene in order to to prevent the spread of the disease.
The Staging Area has been set up at the Mini Secretariat Complex, Laitlawsang which is the central place to arrange all the relief items to be sent to the affected areas.
The GHSMC, comprising the Achik Students' Welfare Association (ASWA), Tura Government College Students Union (TGCSU), the All India Garo Union (AIGU) and the elders had also held a protest earlier on the 6th. and on the 7th in all three districts of Garo Hills.
In the semi final, St. Edmund's beat St. Anthony's by 60 runs at the Polo Ground on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the newspaper publishers have complained and protested against the four hour power outage as it has affected them because they can no longer publish their newspapers on time. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has promised to resolve the issue by replacing the electricity supply or by immediately resolving it.
At the same time, he said that the area has many beautiful tourist attractions including one at Thangshalai which the government has supported to beautify.
The DC said that all the residents affected by the construction of roads and signage should submit their names to the Waheh Shnongs and submit them to his office to complete all the requirements.
The Waheh Shnong of Moodymmai, Bah Nangmanbha Laloo and the Secretary of the Village, Bah Ha-O-Ni Pariat, have alleged that the land was sold by the Maskut Village without the knowledge of the Moodymmai Village. area.
The death toll in France has risen to 987, bringing the total to 13,1
He said the people should ask the MDC what buildings or constructions he has remembered for the residents of the constituency during his 15 years as leader.
Even the arrear of 100 rupees has not been paid even though the former Government has released the arrear for four months,” said the Seng.
Nongstoiñ: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of WKH, Bah T. Lyngwa requesting him to take action for the release of the FKJGP Aradonga Area Unit President Trellingstar D. Shira said that the PMGSY road from Athia Bari to Umshek is 6.2 KM long. The DC also informed him that the suspension of the PMGSY road which has cost T.554.84 lakh is due to the intrusion of the Assam police.
On behalf of the NEP 2020 implementation team of NEHU, Prof Sherwin May Sungoh, Prof G. Bez and Dr Dinesh Bhatia were present.
The reason is that we are the Hynniewtrep people but because in our people there have emerged the Longsyiems like Pah Syntiew and Li Dohkha whom the Creator has chosen through the meiramew to be the Syiems Nongshynshar in the country. Hynniewtrep and also the existence of the Tangjait religion when there is a clean marriage between a Khasi man and a Dkhar woman and there will be tribes that start with the word 'Khar' for that reason it is called the Khasi people.
The Fish Sanctuary, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday visited Khatkasla to explain to the residents about the Fish Sanctuary.
Police said the suspect was 5.4 feet tall between the ages of 45 and 50 years old, dark skinned and slim.
Dr Mukul said this in the Legislative Assembly today while taking part in a motion moved by Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit on the drug trafficking in the state.
“We can see that it is not our fault but the division among the leaders not only here in the state but also at the national level,” said the MDC. .
How joyful it will be to be in the GLORY of God? Ah! how honorable and lovely it would be for that Person who experiences it.
The match today will be between Dulong and Sohmynting at 12 noon.
The leaders of the KSU Tongseng Narpuh Unit are Wombisat Shylla as President, Thomas Amse as Vice President, Baiamonlang Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Pynthymmai Kyndoh as Assistant General Secretary, Jimi Amse as Organizing Secretary, Anthony Suchen as Education Secretary, Dawan Lyngwar as Finance Secretary, Lianzol Kyndoh as Sport Secretary, Niyos Suchen as Office Secretary, BJ Rymbai as Adviser and includes 12 male and female members.
After this, the Vice Chancellor laid the foundation stone as a sign of promoting tourism in Nongjrong and at the same time she honored two youths of this village including Samla Misonwell Rangtong and Pamela Ryntong who have worked hard to promote tourism in Nongjrong.
Nabajyoti Das, Cluster Manager of Xpressbees, West Garo Hills, has lodged a complaint against a business partner of Xpressbees. Sarower Hossain, who was arrested on Wednesday morning, has misused T.2,71,975 in company funds.
All state government offices, Judicial Courts and schools will be closed on this day.
A few days ago, MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ma Vincent Pala, said that he wants the people to get the road. “We urge the MP to look into what kind of development work is coming and in what area, we have always called that we need our people who can speak in Delhi,” said Daniel Khyriem. when speaking to reporters.
“When they are in the midst of anxiety and depression, he urged them not to keep it to themselves but to share it.
"To say that any Khasi who marries a non-Khasi will lose his Khasi (Scheduled Tribe) status and land ownership.
He said that this behavior of the officers and employees has been part of the violation of the service rule of the Meghalaya government. deal with this section.
Shillong, June 07: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Friday submitted a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya demanding the holding of a special session to discuss the Reservation Policy. and the Roster System.
The NPP took this decision at its National Executive Committee meeting held at the Constitution Club of India in New Delhi.
In the second session, questions were asked on four sections, namely Academic, Regulations, Admissions and others. .RC Patel and Prof.C.Nongbri.
Khliehriat, July 27: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has expressed its concern over the deterioration of the National Highway 6 in Narpuh area. also to the people who pass through this road.
In connection with the complaint, the police have conducted a thorough search for these people and after the search, the police on Tuesday arrested the suspects. Two persons have been arrested on suspicion of being involved in the robbery.
He said that the dressmakers and exhibitors have also lodged a complaint against Manas Joshi.
The MPUF, HNPF, JSU-Laskein Block Circle, JSU-Shangpung Unit and KSU-Shangpung Unit have done whatever is necessary by returning these Khar Poi to their villages.
Speaking to Rupang, Dlan Shylla, President of the union, said that the farmers of the area were on the night of the 25th of this month when there were 20 trucks. She said that on that day it was the Bhoi-rymbong market day when the vehicles carrying sying were busy and the The arrest of these trucks was carried out from 9 pm to 11 pm.
Researchers say that the increasing incidence of blindness is due to the fact that students work too hard inside school and do not have time to go outside or see the sun.
Both sides have suffered terrible losses.
He said that he has already written to the state government to exercise the powers of the Greater Shillong Planning Area and the areas outside the three normal areas. District Council.
Shillong, July 26: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday seized drugs, cosmetics and clothes worth more than T.20 lakh in various raids on the border of Meghalaya. They were illegally smuggled to Bangladesh.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has strongly criticized Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi after the Defense Ministry approved China's border crossing. Modi has not deceived the people of India.
There was also a ceremony to honor all the elderly who attended the meeting.
Do you have an Order...?.
I. Laloo, IAS, Secretary, Excise Registration Taxation & Stamps, Commissioner of Taxes and others, will also be the Project Director, Farmers Mobilization Project under the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency.
Rubenker Nongrum Associate NCC Officer Nongstoin College Nongstoin said that through the training of Bah Pilastar Nongsiej we have received many benefits especially for the NCC students of Nongstoin College Nongstoin.
Sor Sor, she tried to listen from a distance to what her mother would say.
On this occasion, the Monitoring and Implementation Committee under the leadership of Bah Sanbor held a ceremony.
The program was attended by farmers from all over the country.
The NIA in collaboration with the Assam Police on 8th November, arrested 25 persons on charges of involvement in human trafficking and smuggling. beaiñ sha you country.
On the second question, I answered that what part do we have in the appointment of leaders of others? Conrad himself announced that as long as he gets a lot of Khasi and Garo Hills, he will be the leader.
:The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-II Government is a working Government and has brought about changes and innovations in all aspects, said the Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
“I have discussed with the Chief Minister that the government should release the share of the Council and also to increase the share of the collection of revenue from coal,” said the CEM of KHADC. At present, the government has released only 25 percent of the 40 percent share of the District Council.
In addition, Kong RM Kurbah informed that the supply department has taken action and the distribution of food items through the PDC has been distributed until October to all the villages in the district. The District through wholesalers or dealers and the remaining matters will be taken care of by the District authorities.
The talents in the State are poor due to the lack of adequate sports facilities and the lack of adequate support facilities.
The BJP's desire to hold only one election in the country in the future is an aim to spread the goal of Hindutva, which wants India to be under the banner of Hinduism.
In this tournament, Ri Bhoi won seven gold medals, while East Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills and South-West Khasi Hills won one gold medal each.
He said that in the signing of the agreement, these buses have been left to the private sector to park them without finding buses and this will damage the buses due to the lack of adequate parking spaces.
Speaking on this issue and other issues related to the society, Bah Damewanhi, said that if God is willing and if the people allow him to be a leader and In cooperation with the people, he will remove all the problems of social life.
If the Congress wins a majority, it will be able to form a government and now the Congress has joined hands with 28 political parties in India by forming the INDIA group to defeat the BJP. the election.
Conrad won with 192,214 votes.
The Chief Minister said that while he was walking along the David Scott Road, he saw the beauty of the nature in these areas and also saw the The brightness and cleanliness of the rivers and waters as he passed through this place impressed him.
Of primary importance here is illegal immigration and infiltration.
At the time I said this, people said I just didn’t know how to talk but now it’s really happening.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the UDP Youth Wing Ri Bhoi District, Bah Balajied Rani said that we cannot know the future of our country, but we have hope in the youth that they will become the citizens for the welfare of the country and the nation.
In the Commerce Stream, there are 1576 students including 929 males and 647 females.
Praising the NPYF for organizing this game, the Chief Guest said, “As you all know, this game requires a lot of skills.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Hispreaching Son Shylla, has ordered the Syiem of Jirang to hold an emergency Hima Dorbar within six months. The Syiem has not convened the dorbar yet and it is strongly suspected that there may be something behind the scenes between the KHADC and the Syiem.
In East Khasi Hills, 25 cases including one from the Armed Forces and 24 civilians, 13 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 7 cases in East Garo Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills. There are 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Khelo India University Games (KIUG) 2023 which started on 20th June in Shillong, ended on Saturday with the winner of the Khelo India University Games (KIUG) Punjab University in all categories of Women & Men.
Srinagar, November 16: Shillong Lajong beat Real Kashmir 3-1 in the first leg of the I-League in Srinagar on Saturday.
Politics and public administration without God is nothing but the work of the devil.
Donbestar's victory comes after he qualified in the flyweight (52KG) category against three other Indian mma fighters at the Delhi Open MMA Championship
Lajong, on the other hand, have gone through a difficult time in this tournament after losing linter in their matches especially away.
In the 2018-19 election, some dewbilat factories have donated up to Rs 4.22 crore to the Bharatiya Janata Party.
He said that there are 3,000 vacancies in various ranks of the state police department and this too will be completed soon.
The match was very friendly as both the teams struggled to showcase their skills.
As Rangbah Shnongs in this area, they urge the District Council that for those who need to renew their Trading Licenses, they should first inform the Village Authorities, so that it will be easier in the working method between The Village Authorities and the District Council, have closed the inspection of Trading and Labor Licenses at such times, they added.
The CEM also expressed his regret over the government's failure to call for talks with the political parties as this could mislead the youth and frighten them into joining the insurgent groups. KSU Mawlai said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Witting Mawsor said that since the establishment of the HSPDP in Mawshynrut, there have been only two candidates who have won from other parties. He said that in Mawshynrut Constituency there are four constituencies: Central, Nongtrai, Lyngngam and Garo. He said that although the HSPDP was defeated in the last MLA election, the votes of the HSPDP have not disappeared but have disappeared. slowly and slowly that we can no longer plus many kidaw.
When it comes to the disease of chickens, it has been found that once one chicken from the household is infected, there are no survivors even if there are thousands.
The Minister was speaking after a meeting with the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today.
We must be willing to speak the truth.
He said that the government has not yet appointed chowkidars, peons, LDAs, UDAs and all the staff who should work in the office of the Executive Engineer. and many of the tasks had to be entrusted to the SDO, but he could not because the tasks he had to look after were so many.
The election was held again in one of the constituencies of ward No.2 in Hojai after a complaint by the candidates.
At present, thousands of people have attended the three enrollment drives which the mandal has already conducted, he said.
When asked about the cause of the incident, HP Singh said he does not know the cause but suddenly at 2 pm his house burnt down.
Besides the drugs, police also seized an Alto ML05-K-0314 and four mobile phones.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Albinus Nongkynrih, Assistant Manager incharge EFC, Mawryngkneng Block, Bah G Dhar, BDO Mawkynrew Block, Kong AR Kynta, BDO Mawryngkneng Block. village leaders, various residents.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and spectacular in the presence of hundreds of spectators.
In the midst of the many challenges faced by the leaders who led the country to independence, through the courage and selflessness of the people of the country and the leaders to sacrifice their lives for the future of the country, the authorities The British Government had to surrender their sovereignty to the indigenous people of India, which included many ethnic groups, many languages, many religions and a vast area.
On seeing these vehicles, the BSF signaled to stop but they fled to Umkiang area.
Your work speaks louder than your name.
“The talks have progressed and we hope and trust that we will be able to resolve this issue so that we can maintain peace and order in the state,” he added.
The Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting expresses its gratitude to the Local MDC Ma Lakhon Dkhar for donating foodgrains to the children of the village during the lockdown.
Najim Kharmalki, Vice Chairman of the Western Ri Bhoi Development Council (WRBDC), said that the construction of the road has started since last year but the contractors have stopped for almost a year.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Armstong Sohshang and Ulysses Ryntong, President and General Secretary of KSU Mawshynrut Circle.
He said that after the police have recovered the body, they have completed all the necessary procedures and handed over the body to the family members. The EAC of West Khasi Hills has requested the permission of the post mortem.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The meeting was convened by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday morning. About 200 people who attended the rally were ready to leave for their homes and walked from the rally. to the head of the Civil Hospital.
Therefore, if what has been done will remain done, only one must understand its origin and that is enough.
More assistance needs to be given to the injured who are still in the midst of the shock and anxiety they have to face and be sent for treatment,” he added.
Jowai: Amlarem Police have seized more than Rs 4 lakh from Amlarem area.
“We will continue to talk to various groups, but if they refuse we will have to stop it,” he said.
Conrad said Dr Mukul's allegation that officers have been transferred is also surprising because during the rule of the previous government, in 2017, more than 100 officers were transferred. claim.
“I have taken the initiative to talk to the Minister of Railways of the Government of India and I have urged that these projects should be carried out in collaboration with various groups,” he said.
Franky Laloo explained about the Waste Management Rules 2016 while Dr. Mohrmen explained how to convert household waste into fertilizer and pig feed.
Firstlove Litting and Treio Phawa were arrested and handed over to the West Jaintia Hills Police Station.
At the same time, he said it would be pleasing to see the hard work of the police department to arrest and arrest the people involved in the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
For more information, please call 6909410432,
Pangniang said that soon these 30 villages will get electricity as the scheme is in the process of preparation and implementation. Congratulations to the PHE department for their hard work in providing drinking water to Langpih and the neighboring villages in the PHE club.
Ali is a resident of Kankata while Sheikh is a resident of Simoltala under Goalpara Police Station in Assam.
In the celebration, the crowd in Shillong was filled with joy and happiness.
Shillong, March 05 : The District Social Welfare Officer, East Khasi Hills District today celebrated the International Day of Older Persons 2023 under the theme “Fulfilling the Promises of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights for Older Persons: Across Generations.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Speaking at a public meeting held by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) at Laban Sport Club, Laban, Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Donbok Khar Lyngdoh said that the HYC leaders will stand on the foundation of “Bah Bul used to say that when you are a leader, make sure that one foot is to the people and one foot is to the jail. “It's the example of Bul,” said Samla Donbok while speaking at the meeting after speaking on many issues related to the impact of the Rangbah Sloit and the need for urgent support. The Government has passed the Village Administration Bill.
He also paid tribute to Rev. JJM Nichols Roy who strongly advocated in the Constituent Assembly Committee for the establishment of District Councils to protect the Riewlum, despite the strong opposition from the leaders in the Assembly.
Speaking to media, the President of the KSU said, “There has been a debate in Parliament on the issue of uranium mining in our state. The BJP has not stopped trying from time to time to mine uranium in our state”.
Shillong: In the coming days, the state government is ready to repair several bridges which have collapsed and also to proceed with the construction of highways in the state; This was announced by the Minister in charge of PWD, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
On Saturday, John Barla met with the Bishop at Tura House where he met with the Auxiliary Bishop CJ Jose and discussed many issues.
These days, the forests have become increasingly depleted, the degradation of the environment has increased and if the government authorities do not take strong action to curb the destruction of the forests, by fully implementing laws, will undoubtedly cause serious problems in the years to come.
They were assured of selection as mentioned in the notification when vacancies become available they will be considered first.
When we left the room where he was sitting, I said to my husband, "I have never seen such a good man anywhere.
" “I'm sorry...... I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Lephaw Syiem.
So we are not going to take this step.
She said the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) has sent a proposal to the government to take over the posts of teachers since June 2016 but the government has not done anything yet.
“On the one hand, there is the football tournament struggle going on, while here we are leading the development struggle on the football field.
The player recently returned to the national team after suffering a hamstring injury.
The union said it does not know what happened to the construction of the other 17 entry and exit gates, even though the state government has conducted an inspection of these places.
Another is the implementation of the pension of the former members of the council known as the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council Members' Pension Act,
ai, a leading company in providing services in the field of AI-powered communication, recently organized a three-day festival for employees and Summer Carnival Shillong 23 at its new location.
The NPP has also announced a new scheme known as “Chief Minister's Village Connectivity” through the Central Government's scheme to build new roads to connect villages. Outline.
Petrol price in New Delhi and Mumbai touched T.79.51 and T.86.91 per liter respectively on Friday while diesel price rose by 0.36 paise per liter in Delhi. , the price was T.71.55 per liter and T.0.42 per liter in Mumbai and T.75.96 per litre.
He said that these people who have been appointed by the government have the status of Prime Minister and Ministers, where the government has to pay all the expenses from the security guards, the travel expenses, housing allowance and so on that as Ministers of Government they receive in the state.
Shillong, July 04: Meghalaya beat Haryana by seven wickets in the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy on Tuesday at Mangaldai, Assam.
The voice of the people is that the robbers should be punished with the severest punishment even if they are hanged to death as they did to Shailinia, without any forgiveness.
She raised her hand and came closer to him and he stood closer to the place where she came.
The darkness which, when they had drunk, was great from the tyngam to the mouth of the word sang.
The Forum explained, especially to the Sahsniang-A Youth Welfare Organization, that the Forum has received information that the residents of Mojem village are blocked at Sahsniang-B when they try to transport food items.
GHADC (Garo) leaders say KHADC (Khasi) should also educate the public before implementing the Digital India Land Record Program so that the public will understand clearly. for the benefit of the people.
There have been many who wanted to use this land in the past but Kench's Trace Oxford welfare society has applied and got this land for the residents,” he said.
Dr Laloo said that in the past 42 years, the state has improved in many areas including agriculture, electricity, education, health, transportation. wan, roads, tourism and others.
Through the great miracles that God gave Moses to fight against the king of Egypt – they were finally able to leave Egypt for the Promised Land of God.
Nine of those who attended the meeting have been confirmed negative for the disease, while two others are still unknown whether they have the disease. .
In this regard, they informed the department in charge of this work that they should not delay in paying their salaries, which they have already worked for more than 5 months and also the schemes that should be received such as (Incentive) which have been expired for a long time, but in the midst of these difficulties they have not been able to fulfill their responsibility.
He said that there are no adequate training facilities, but he expressed his gratitude to the players who despite their shortcomings have been able to play well.
The incident, which occurred at Robb Elementary School, is located in the Latino city of Uvalde; The shooting death of 22 children and seven adults at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut, is the deadliest incident in the United States. years ago.
Men Narida is 102 years old and is the mother of Ma J Marbaitson Kyndiah.
Dr Aman War, Director of Health Services and current UDP candidate from Shillong North, said that the total cost of treatment for Covid-19 is crore while the government has spent Rs 816 crore.
However, this has remained in the dark as many of the people who have gone to bed with this smart card, have had to leave their homes and the assistance is not relevant as accepted by the government.
The games in Zone 1 will start on Monday.
Nongpoh, June 26: To take part in the relief of the people in the village and in the community, the Longkmie of Khlieh Umwang Village under Raid Nongtung in the area On the other hand, under the banner of the Lumlang Village Organization, they came out to repair the public road in Khliehumwang.
He said that on his part, he did not see any strong competition from other political parties.
On this occasion, the 172BN of BSF handed over two ambulances, one JCV, a pickup, besides 10 types of equipment to the villages. Multi Station Gym Six Station, worth T1,65,000 lakh, Drumbells 15 kilos, Drumbells 10 kilos, Drumbells 5 kilos, Olympic Barrel Rods (7 feet), Barrel weights 15 kilos, 10 kilos kg, 5 kg, Aerofit Treadmills, Computer Accessories including PCs (Acer Intel Pentiom), Printers, UPS, Computer Desks, Chairs, Flex Boards/Banners and Medicines.
Shillong: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FAS TOM), who have been on strike for seven days, have been sitting day and night in the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat. They expressed their dissatisfaction, dissatisfaction and concern over the distribution of financial assistance to adhoc teachers according to the category of teachers.
Whether it is hot or cold and the rain is cold or tyr-khong or khyrwit, they clean themselves to sleep in the fields, the plants and the burials along with the flow of syep and syar.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Supreme Court today heard the appeal of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) against the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya. The High Court has also ordered the state government to pass a law for the Rangbah Shnongs.
The funeral service of Ma Lo will be held on 21/12/21 at Dulong Cemetery at 10 pm.
They have been married for 15 years and have one son, Azad Rao Khan.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle in a statement said that it is deeply saddened by the shooting death of Bah Hep Lyngdoh of Nongtalang village. teacher.
In this regard, the Court ordered the Central Government and the Government of Manipur to take immediate action, to provide shelter and security measures and to send a report on the actions taken.
If it is wrong, it could affect the relationship in the MDA government. Let the intelligent leaders of these two parties talk to each other and take a decision. The State Election Commission (EEC) has announced the date of the bye election in this constituency.
Jaynath Mishra, a retired teacher from London, has visited homeless shelters in parts of Wazirpur, east of Delhi. Rajesh Singh, an engineer, and Subhash Tanwar, a Ghanaian, are currently in Delhi, where they are working hard to campaign for the AAP. , which they expected, would be an organization for political change.
He said that the problems related to the implementation of the law in the state for more than 50 years are due to the lack of adequate schools to provide training and knowledge about the law.
When asked how the party feels about the resignation of Ardent, Hoping President Rangbah of the HSPDP said, “We don't know whether Ardent has resigned. I will discuss it tomorrow at the party meeting,” he said.
Do you have a DC office or a DCA department? How can the DC's office go beyond the state govt when all the DCs are under the control of the state govt? The Governor has also written to the DC to implement the new EC and the Chairman of KHADC has also written through the DC's Office to the Governor.
Executive Engineer WR Lyngdoh said that the government has a plan to build pedestrian crossings but is still waiting for the funds.
It is worth mentioning that the CEM of KHADC Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem together with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and Ministers have visited the villages after receiving a complaint from the people regarding the number of thieves.
“Teams from the Central Government have also visited the affected states/UTs to explain the procedures and provide technical assistance.
Prestone Tynsong said that according to the ICAR report, 13 out of 22 samples showed that the pigs died from Classical Swine Fever and not from African Swine Fever. Fever'.
BR Kharlukhi in his writing on the 175th Anniversary of the Gospel in Ri Khasi wrote about Dr. John Roberts, “Dr. John Roberts never forgot anything. task.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kanang said he is saddened to see that a mother with nine children will be left behind just because of the poor condition of the road to Nongryngkoh.
Speaking to reporters at the party office in Lachumiere, he expressed his pride in having the leaders of the state who have been able to restore electricity in Lachumiere. ipor wrapped eh.
This year, the street dance fell on Sunday, 1st July, and the villagers after the feast took to the streets on Monday.
He said the reason why there is an agreement with the ANVC to strengthen the district councils in the state especially to increase from 30 to 40 members is false.
If this is the case, it will destroy your hopes as the days go by. 2) The way you speak and the way you tell stories can shape your life.
UDP leaders from various sub-circles in their speeches expressed their concern over the unemployment of unemployed youth. to develop the youth, to develop the villagers of the village and the entire area within the Mawkynrew Constituency.
The people of the state wanted to know what this Roster System is and how it will affect the issue of the Reservation Policy. In the absence of a full explanation, the public turned to ask questions from time to time, including the signatures of some of us who used to speak publicly on the Reservation Policy.
Shillong 06 June 2024 One of the plastic water pipe storage facilities of the PHE department in Lumshyiap village near the crematorium of the Seng Khasi has caught fire and destroyed the pipes. The plastic container was used for about 4 hours.
Furthermore, farmers now buy directly from the villages or even from the fields of the farmers at a better price and thus, the farmers do not feel the need to sell to the market or Anjali Market, Paltan Bazar and Mawlai-Mawiong Market.
He said the SIT has been scheduled to complete the investigation within three months, but urged those who witnessed the incident to come forward and help the police so that the police can get the to catch these murderers.
He said that Meghalaya is one of the states that has been included in the railway line in the country in 2013-14 and the goal of the central government is to introduce railway lines in all the North Eastern states to boost income. books, commerce, and to improve roads.
Basilan Governor Jim Salliman said the number of missing could rise as according to information received, there were more than 205 passengers on board the ship that night. .
In 2012, North Lakhimpur College received a Grade “A" from NAAC with a CGPA of 3.08. On 30th June, 2013, North Lakhimpur College received a letter from NAAC. University Grants Commission to be recognized as an autonomous college.
Last season, in the men's category, Laitkyrhong came second and Mawkynrew came second. In the women's category, the winner was Syniasya.
When investigated, police found that these two men were only hunters, and they confessed to the police that they had gone to shoot a big animal inside the NEHU campus in Tura. Police have seized their rifles and five unused bullets.
Students of Sngap Syiem College together with NSS Volunteers of Sngap Syiem College South West Khasi Hills District today took to the streets to shout “Em to Duma” with placards like part of spreading the message to others against smoking or drinking alcohol.
God cares greatly for Israel, and His desire is to establish His Kingdom here on earth by making Israel a Kingdom of Priests.
The hospital management has allowed the family members of the patient to pay a bill of 12,000 tyngka as compensation for the expenses.
The customs department and police are investigating and where they intend to smuggle.
Elios Swer and his brother-in-law Shanbistar Kharkongor were found on the 20th of this month.
“Our goal for 2032 is to achieve this now and I encourage the youth from Garo Hills to take this opportunity to develop in the sports industry.
He urged all the teachers from all districts including the SSA teachers to attend the meeting.
For this competition, children must submit a passport size photograph, the first Aadhaar Card to be applied for during the screening, and the original birth certificate obtained from the office of the Municipal Board/CHC. /PHC.Forms can be obtained from Bah Shnginang Suting (Amlarem Block) 7628865644, Sailon Syngkrem (Gen Secy ASSA, Amlaram Block) 44891, Hopping Thubru (Namdong Block) 7005150944, Shri Welborn Lyngdoh (Thadlaskein Block) 986367549, Shri Player Suna (Thadlaskein Block) since Laskein Block will be held on 23rd October, 2023 at Pamsna Playground from 2 pm, Namdong Block will be held on 24th October, 2023 at Madar Seri Playground from 11 pm. on 24th October 2023 at Lad Mukhla Main Road at Mukhla Raij Playground from 2 pm.
The church in Daram is one of the oldest churches of the Catholic Church in Garo Hills. of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
In the above cases, our Governor has passed the VAB Bill, while the former Governor has ratified the same JHADC Bill in December
However, it is not known what happened to the drug traffickers who were arrested.
In the Under 12 (Boys), Devraj Dutta of Central School Upper Shillong won the first place, Emerson Mangminthang of St Anthony's won the second place and Zedekiah Jyrwa of Maharam Government School won the third place.
The Army seized the vehicle after the driver failed to produce enough islands to carry the clothes.
Aryan Borah was top scorer with 3/30 from 7.2 overs.
This demand is well founded because as mentioned above since the time of the British Government we have been exempt from the laws of the Central Legislative Assemblies and the State Legislative Assemblies. The original Sixth Schedule of this power was in the hands of the Governor and in Assam until now the power is sometimes in the hands of the Governor.
This also puts Gomer at great risk of being kidnapped.
The protest lasted from 7 am to 10 am when students gathered in the college grounds.
Kharge also appealed to the constitutional authorities to lift the ban on the party's accounts.
He didn't even know the name of the village.
How do the people of Meghalaya feel about this issue which affects the people of our country and nation? Have we ever been able to fight against this flood or storm that will soon strike our country? Those who don't understand that they can't fight for this victory anymore, are talking about voting for the mother (BJP) instead of voting for the son (NPP) of the NDA coalition government in this MP election. which will be held in April
Although it is not yet clear whether all the deaths were caused by the extreme heat, many doctors, who did not want to be named, said that many the people who died had diseases caused by the heat of the sun.
East Jaintia Police have arrested the suspect after receiving a tip that a vehicle with registration number Tripura was passing through Umkiang to Khliehriat, carrying illegal drugs.
Ampareen, who is also the Minister of the State Government, said that those who say that the Government has not done anything maybe they are just talking because the truth is that the State is growing and the people are getting. opportunity to benefit from medical facilities, education, among other benefits.
There are teachers who have a spirit of help even to get jobs for their teachers because and perhaps he wants them to live longer than he does.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi will distribute about 51,000 appointment letters to new employees on 26th November, 2023 at 10:30 am through video conferencing.
Mowkaiaw Constituency alone has 9560 households and a population of 78423 people.
Speaking to media, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that the Nongmihkhmat of the people of the area in a spirit of sorrow and sympathy over this incident, after receiving information about this incident, he did not Today, July 18, 2022, he visited the country to see how to improve the roads so that the people will not face any problems in coming and going. There is no other way to get from one side to the other except to build a temporary footpath so that they can use it.
The training was concluded with a welcome speech by Bimi L Suwer, General Secretary.
Not only that, even the Konkani speaking people of Goa (UT) have joined.
At present, there are about 120 patients in the hospital, who can no longer leave the hospital, which is also after the owner of the hospital recently passed away after receiving the COVID-19 virus.
Badskhem Syiemlieh, son of Kong Berilda Syiemlieh, has been missing since the 17th, without returning home till today.
According to the order of the Court, Kharmalki said that the SMB department will give temporary notice to the owners of the dams to move the equipment to other dams.
They requested the government to take action to release the DSC results and not to wait until there are protests and riots.
Fish farmers from all over the Khasi Hills have attended the two-day fish market organized by the government and on this day the fish was sold at the price of 150 per kilo.
Nongpoh, June 25: The Office of the District Malaria Officer, Nongpoh today celebrated the World Malaria Day at the Science Hall, Nongpoh.
“It is the 12 disciples who have confirmed Dr. Mukul Sangma until he has done so much, while there are issues we have to come forward why we are the mynder in our country,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum. Turning to the many protests for the sake of the people of the nation, he said, “In my place I will not raise the issues even if it involves anyone”.
If we look at the state of society today, we can still see the snaps of the past that are still visible in the lives of the Khasi people today in the environment that is still prevalent today, especially in the rural areas.
Shillong, July 12: One of the passengers of a Maruti Van (AS11H-2405), who was sitting in the front seat, died on the spot and two others were injured when the vehicle collided with another vehicle. The vehicle collided with a truck (AS01DC – 1695) from behind.
“I want to make it clear that we will continue to protest until we get justice.
“For that reason, we have discussed and taken the right decision and we have elected Dr Ampareen because she will win the election,” he said.
As a religious woman, in those early years, Sister Anne taught in various schools in England.
Those who are saved will be only those who prepare their lives daily, says the Word of God.
Furthermore, after being informed by the MLA of Nongpoh on these issues that the government will take action to implement them for the benefit of the people, the Chief Minister also promised to take action to to meet these needs of the people in Ri Bhoi.
It is also important to preserve the languages ​​of this area and they should be strengthened.
In connection with the team's victory in the tournament, the team's leading player Sergio Perez; Max Verstappen, who started the race by standing in the first row among the others, won the trophy for the entire tournament, while Max Verstappen of the same team won the trophy. He turned his car forward from the 15th position until he was able to finish the whole race by coming in second place.
This means that from now on, while the Garo have not been able to fill the quota that they have not filled since 1972, the Khasi will not be able to fill it.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 05: To strengthen the service to the people in the community in accordance with the mission of the Seng, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit on Saturday confirmed the leaders of total of 4 offices in the Byrnihat area.
This is the opening of the door for foreigners especially foreigners to come and study here in Nongbah.
Strikers: Batiplang Synteng Bamon (Meghalaya), Parvaj Bhuiya (Tripura), Thongram Santosh Singh (Manipur).
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said the new cases are from Hojai, Sonitpur, Kamrup Metro, Kamrup Rural and Nagaon districts.
The proposed fare is T.10 per 10 kilometers and T.5 per 10 kilometers and the Holding Charge will be T.4 per 5 minutes.
From the information collected and after reading carefully the works of the Khasi National Dorbar, it can be clearly understood that both Pastors, Rev Mon Lyngdoh and Rev JJM Nichols Roy, were important and They have contributed greatly to their knowledge and understanding of the history and customs of the Jaidbynriew.
At present, the contest for the Rajya Sabha MP will be between the MDA candidate Dr WR Kharlukhi and the Congress candidate Dr Kennedy C Khyriem.
Meghalaya played well, with Abhay Negi slaying Uttarakhand's Kamal in the first over but Kamal did not score any runs. Jay Bista (141 balls) and Kunal Chandela (55 balls) each scored 126 runs after the loss of second wicketkeeper Kunal Chandela by Dippu Sangma's catch. Aditya Singh Singh scored the first goal of the match.
“Last year, the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, admitted that the news is clear that the Government cannot be formed without the support of the BJP in
Gogoi, who contested the MLA election last time, won by being imprisoned in jail from Sibsagar Assembly Constituency, accompanied by his mother, Priyada Gogoi.
Maremdor Sutnga of HUCC scored 50 runs and took three wickets in three overs.
Shillong: Hundreds of supporters and senior office bearers of Bah HM Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram constituency, have come to the BJP office in Shillong to join the BJP. ).
“If you look at these foreign media, they are very biased and their attitude is very low when it comes to foreigners.
A special performance was also performed by the Youth Choir.
Page 7.
Many Khasi who visit him do not take passports because Rajai is located near the India-Pakistan border.
The entire land was owned by one Kur which was handed over to the residents for 15 years.
Police took Shankar Mishra to Delhi and charged him under Sections 354,509 and 510 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 23 of the Indian Aircraft Act.
According to information received from the employees of KHADC, there are two officers who have not come to work but they receive their salary exactly every month and their salary is T.50,0 up.
Please update your election news now.
The opening ceremony of the tournament was postponed as the children had to stand from their seats and could not march pass to the ground due to the heavy rain which lasted for about two hours. the races were able to continue.
The students of Sngap College, Mawkyrwat have marched to spread the message of saying 'Yes' to tobacco which causes many diseases in the body. users but also to others who do not use as well as to the environment.
The Pnar film “Ka Chithi” was nominated in three categories, namely “Best Film”, “Best Actor (Female)” and “Best Director”.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which will start tomorrow may be very tense as the opposition KHUDA has decided to criticize the ARPA government led by CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum. the main issues especially the loss of power of the Rangbah Shnong.
“We have seen the uncleanliness of Bah PN Syiem, CEM, who has gone ahead to register a new party to be known by the name of Bah PN Syiem,” said Shylla. The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has filed a complaint with the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) to the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). only to get the CEM seat".
Delhi has 17,282 new cases today.
The tournament was held at the Crinoline Swimming Pool in Malki, Shillong.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Shillong today has risen to 500 and the number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, July 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has protested against the extension of the appointment of Puranjan Das as the Chief General Manager (CGM) of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Limited (MTDCL) after his retirement. Hundreds of members carried placards on the ground floor of the State Convention Centre.
Regarding the allegation of shilliang or helping only relatives, Shangpliang said that the reason why President Mawsynram Mandal is a relative is because before joining the BJP, they were already senior leaders. The decision was also signed by the president of the Meghalaya BJP. He said that due to the increasing number of relatives and the increasing division within the party, he has decided to leave the BJP. so that he may continue in connection with matters of public service.
The rot brought by Seinraij Ummulong sent the message “The stieh to prevent Corona is only right” and the message sent by Loompyrdi Iongpiah was “Corruption is the enemy of economic development and to turn to development you park that you have.
Droupadi Murmu of the NDA received 540 votes out of 748 votes cast and Yashwant Singh received 204 votes.
The KSU and the Union have informed the DC and SP to take action against the arrest of three residents of Sabuda. They also requested the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District to talk to the District authorities of West Karbi Anglong to return these youths to the District authorities. Ri Bhoi and if they have committed crimes as alleged by the Assam Police, they should be investigated by the Meghalaya Police.
However, the worst is for those who have lost their cards.
Guwahati: A bill was passed to ban the slaughter of cows in Assam today.
Police said that the relatives of the woman have lodged a complaint.
He encouraged the parents to send their children to such training centers and not to expect too much only from government jobs and hoped that in the future jobs will be provided to the youth. who passes these shlem training.
Jesus said, “This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me, and they worship me with their lips” Matthew 15: 8-9.
“The Trading License issued by the District Councils should be strictly enforced especially for the jobs that the local people have been able to do,” said Allantry.
The union strongly condemns the PWD department for this and requests the area leader to take action to repair this road as soon as possible.
If in the last seven years the Cess Tax has been collected and the Cess Tax has increased, why does the salary of Adhoc school teachers remain the same?' Everyone.
Good Shepherd Secondary School Ladrymbai won the Under-18 Boys category in the Long Jump competition led by Damehi Chyrmang.
It is learned that the collapse of the bridge may have been caused by the lack of support for the dewbilat.
The mother was identified as Jhod Wahlang and the daughter, Balarisha Wahlang, 24, were taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
He returned from Delhi on 29th June and visited many places in Shillong and returned to Nagaon, where he lives.
He said the state has received rainfall in the past three or four days and the water level in the Umiam Dam has risen by 6-7 feet.
Now you are in Nongkrem.
At this age of 18-21 years, it is very important that you plan for the future in life.
He said he could not say what the outcome of the meeting with Home Minister Amit Shah on the 29th would be because after the meeting it would be clear what the central government wants on the MoU signed by the two states.
Expressing his satisfaction that the Government of India has approved the applications for coal mining according to the technology, the Prime Minister said, “We have been able to go through a very difficult time and now the mining of coal it will resume at least within a short time after all conditions are met".
Initially, it was proposed to introduce a single Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
Fiber helps to reduce the amount of cholesterol in the body.
I cannot forget the good deeds you did in those years 1986-87 when you drove out the Nepalis who were stationed in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: Meghalaya today beat Sikkim by 328 runs in the U-23 men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy held at Rangpo, Sikkim today.
The event was also attended by the residents of St. Mary's Rangblang Higher Secondary School, Rangblang Sohsynniang.
There is a complex relationship between books and people.
As the Senior Leader of the KSU, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, recalled the journey of the KSU for 43 years, in which the members of the KSU have not rested and have faced many challenges, but the members The KSU believes that prison and lathi should not be obstacles and hinder the spirit of serving the Jaidbynriew.
Shillong, Naitung 31: Eight children have lost their lives in Jalilum village near Umsong, Ri Bhoi District.
Leadership, hard work and compassion should be commended.
The memory and story of that meeting began to fade.
“As of now, what I am fighting for is that the investigation report should be made public and until the report is released, I will not sit idly by.
The farmers demanded forgiveness of farmers' debts, reduction in electricity and petrol bills, pension for farmers over 60 years of age and implementation of the recommendations of the the  Swaminathan Commission.
He said that all the departments of the party in the state have been directed to join hands with the District Administration, the health department and also together with the party. together with local authorities.
This reporter also visited the Polling Stations in Smit but it was reported that the people had rushed to vote in the morning as many of them had rushed to their daily wages.
The HNLC said that the status recognized by the government for the Sengbhalang and the Kaikhlaw Seng is no different these days and therefore, they should stand together for the cause of the Jaitbynriew.
“The most important thing is to listen to the voice of the people of the state and not the people who will run the government in the interest of the people.
Borsora tried to create chances to score, but until the end of the first half they didn't have enough chances to convert and had to accept the defeat by four goals.
The Dorbar Shnong Narbong has issued a warning to those who come to visit the Umtrew River, due to the frequent incidents of tragic incidents against those who come from outside the river. The village is committed to take care of the river and also to make it a tourist attraction.
Shillong, Naitung 4: The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports of the Government of India has invited applications for the National Youth Award
"“While the Greek word Makarios means blessed, blessed, blessed, perfect, without defect in any aspect of human being.
Remember we must have a spirit of humility and love for others because this is the most important thing in the world.
This shows that there was a cross between two different species of riewhadem because they were planted nearby.
The Government has passed the Meghalaya Identification Registration Bill
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Hamletson Dohling said that the National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM) is the flagship program of the Central Government which aims to help the poor families. assistance to lift them out of poverty and to improve the income generation of women.
The value of the kwai seized by the security forces was T.61.6 lakh.
He said that according to the discussion, the CE has informed them that the work has been awarded to CCL to construct 8 kilometers at a cost of T.18 crore. it shall begin in the morning.
Earlier, Bah Tynsong said that at the beginning of the survey for the repair of the bypass road, it was suspended due to a misunderstanding between the NHIDCL and the village authorities.
If you ask the rawon ieij khwai-dohkha why they have been filled and filled only with kha-dkhars that are blad doh or blad snep, almost everyone will open their mouths and think in amazement! In the crematoria, what else do the dohthli and 'kha-makur long tmaiñ have to dig and dig to look for food or to look for weeds? The Creator has blessed and set apart forty skits of life along with treasures that cannot be described here.
On the other hand, the AE promised to take action on these demands and said to send an inquiry to implement their demands.
Shillong: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has sent a complaint to the Commissioner of Transport of the State Government, who has ordered all vehicles to install Fastag on their new vehicles.
The leaders of the Union, said that they cannot help but express their sorrow to see this hostility by some of the robbers, who have done this without thinking of them. to the pedestrians and the people who use the river, as it will cause a severe flood.
So far, Assam has 19,258 confirmed cases of covid-19 and the death toll has risen to 151, with six deaths today.
Jowai, November 17: The Chairman of the JHADC has convened a special meeting to be held on Tuesday to amend the Rangbah Shnong, Dolloi and Sirdar Act. 21st of this month.
Other residents from Sohmynthar, Mawthir, Mawdumdum, Kyllang and other villages through which the road passes, said that if the road is completed to Kyrshai, it will be It is a great blessing to the people of the village, because all the people live by agriculture and the land is very fertile, where the crops are rich and many crops are produced well.
He said the PAC has already submitted its report in the House recently on the discovery of the lymmuh of the DC Nongpoh to pay the money to people who do not own it. acquisition of land for airport expansion.
On the other hand, the elders congratulated Bah Lambor for allowing the construction of the road.
Referring to roads, agriculture and many other issues, he said that Sohra is still lagging behind and needs changes.
Bah Kharmawphlang expressed his hope that if the residents take responsibility for the cleanliness of the village, there will be no problem to bring about cleanliness in the village.
Nongpoh, July 28: A signboard prohibiting cross-border trucks from passing through the Lailad Bridge, which has been in existence for 38 years, has been erected for only vehicles weighing less than 9 tonnes. They can pass through this bridge because of the danger to the people, but until now many of the trucks carrying cross border have not ignored the rules and violated the law to pass through this bridge.
Sangma also spoke on many development projects and also on roads.
He said this is a way to change the mindset of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) last month when they said that the Garo people will rule the Garo Hills. The Khasi ruled the Khasi Hills.
Mosjo said he is hopeful because his brother Leston Wanswett has fought three times and won.
In a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Jayalalithaa made it clear that any attempt against the Official Languages ​​Act, 1963 is wrong and divisive. for the people of Tamil Nadu, who love their own language.
“We have fought to get their salaries, although it is not an easy task because it falls into the hands of the central government.
Meanwhile, it was reported that there may be three government ministers who may be removed from office this month and they are Roshan Warjri who resigned earlier but has returned. Deborah Marak and Rowell Lyngdoh who said that he is too old.
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has recently announced that it will not allow any unvaccinated persons to enter the country. change until mid-June this year.
Members of the public who have any problems or difficulties or complaints regarding the delays in the purchase of goods may lodge a complaint before the Hon'ble Commission in the appropriate manner.
Researchers have found that the drug does not affect the diet of humans and therefore the Kite Patch can be used by children and even pregnant women.
At a meeting in Smit, UDP President Dr Donkupar said the central government has decided not to mine uranium in the state.
He said that voters who do not have EPIC have also been allowed to use their Aadhaar number, job card, driver's license, passbook, Pa Card, Smart Card and Passport.
After investigation, it was found that Karbar Pakyntein, a resident of Mukhla, was electrocuted while he was opening his door. in this gate of silver.
The Minister announced this at the opening ceremony of the new college building and hostel of Captain Williamson Government College in Baghmara on Tuesday.
“Not only that, our President has also spoken to the people of the state on this issue,” he said.
He said that now that he has become the Chief Minister again, he will look into the pending schemes, which have not been completed yet.
Symper, who won the toss, failed to tied first, while Kishan Lyngdoh, captain of the toss, led the team with 102 runs from 123 balls with nine fours. bad for six runs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency , Dr. Adviser Pariong said that he does not want to say anything yet as the work has not yet reached the end , but he admitted that out of all the three candidates , the Nongstoiñ Block has but it still has to go back to the District and the State to announce publicly who is eligible to contest the mid-term elections.
In relation to your religion, do not boast and say that your religion is the only good one.
This will continue until the 11th of this month.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, said that after receiving information about the fall of a tree on the road, which has caused inconvenience to the passengers, they went down to inspect the tree. After seeing that no one from the district authorities or the PWD department came to look into the matter, the union cannot help but call and urge the people to evacuate. the tree is on the road.
He said the intention to complete the project as soon as possible is to hold the Synrai Dorbar in the new Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
In 2019 alone, the NCRB said that about 42,563 farmers and day laborers committed suicide.
Meghalaya has got a house without borders and the failure of the Central Government to resolve the border issue has led to bloodshed not only in Meghalaya, but across the North East.
“Now that they are attacking and criticizing the Hima Mylliem and the District Council, we will not allow, we will not allow such people to spread the rumor of our Ri Khasi,” said Kong Marweiñ.
Shillong, July 01 : Himachal Pradesh beat Meghalaya by 124 runs in the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy on Tuesday in Lucknow.
The UDP, PDF and BJP have expressed their dissatisfaction with the performance of James Sangma and demanded that the prime minister should resign by removing the defense ministry from him.
Although the Election Commission of India (ECI) has not yet announced the date of the Lok Sabha elections, political parties have started preparing for the elections.
Parliamentary Party Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said the TMC is the only party to announce up to 52 candidates on the same day.
Several UDP leaders, although they did not want to comment, but there was talk that the name of Dr Jemino could appear if an agreement is reached.
In a petition submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the MLA of the area, the union has demanded funds from the state government or the central government to build the 4 floor house. There will also be an office, a meeting place, an office for the Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and other requirements.
Shillong, March 31 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday announced that there will be up to 40 teams of experts to research the Khasi people and their traditional customs and traditions.
On this occasion, the Minister said that all the state governments should ensure that it should order that all the employees should pay their salaries in their bank accounts, not just in cash.
He suggested that it is necessary to establish adequate educational institutions, such as Pine Mount International Schools, which can attract other students from other countries of the world, and although the school will be expensive to pay. However, by inviting 75 percent of foreign youth, it will help to support 25 percent of local youth by paying only half the price.
New Delhi: The ruling BJP will reduce the price of LPG cylinders as part of its efforts to attract voters in connection with the Lok Sabha elections
After they closed the door, they returned and went to Dharmu's office to talk, but they couldn't find him anymore. Now to Guwahati.
“We strongly oppose this proposal to pass this Bill and urge the Governor to stop before approving it for the sake of the people,” said Bah Carmel.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Dorbar Paid Bah of the Hima Langrin will be held on the 7th of this month at 11 am at the Syiem's ​​office in Phlangdiloin, according to a statement from the Acting Syiem of Langrin Hima.
The people themselves have given a strong and strong decision.
The leaders of Lapangap Village and the Sengbhalang accepted the promise and decided to return to Lapangap in a peaceful manner with the hope that their demand will be fulfilled.
Youth who have reached the age of 18 years as of 01.01.2023, can fill up the Forms to register themselves on the Electoral Roll.
This bridge connects the entrance road to Nongstoin and the National Highway.
He said that such matters are matters of life and death and without discussion or resolution it cannot happen.
In her last days she traveled to the West and gave speeches in the US and UK.
This demand came after four Khasi were shot dead by Assam police in Mukroh village on Tuesday.
He said that the share of the State in the purchase of equipment is 75% from the Central Government and 25% from the State Government.
“Therefore, the Party invites everyone to join hands with the VPP in its struggle for victory.
He warned the people not to believe the forces that are spreading rumors that will benefit only in the name of the nation.
He said that according to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, no one can be forced to take injections or tests.
Earlier, the UDP had urged the people to take part in the sit-in to protest against the power outages in the state.
After the Khasi rule collided with the British Crown, the British Government occupied several areas known as the British Areas.
In 1998, he won the UDP ticket with 7723 votes against Founder Strong Cajee who got 7045 votes against the PDM and Amanda Pathaw. The INC and Congress received 1072 votes.
Whether the law should be paid for, he asked.
However, what happened to the Christians in Narayanpur, Chhattisgarh in these days before Christmas?
Speaking to reporters, Sambor Surong, President of West Jaintia Hills District Adventure Sports and Mountaineering Club, said that the purpose of the Free Eye Check Up Camp is for the students. from a disadvantaged family, which is also part of the Club’s fourth anniversary since its founding in 2020.
For more information please call 9402300795 &
The Jal Jeevan Mission has been implemented smoothly, but many villages still do not have water pipes.
He also found that the two Prime Ministers, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma, are well-intentioned and cooperative in resolving any issues.
It is learned that there is a road to Ladjaplem School and Mini Studio and it is a busy place.
Regarding the KSU Mawlai Circle's attendance at the meeting, he said that it was not the attendance of the KSU Central Body but the attendance of the KSU Mawlai Circle as it was an issue related to the KSU Mawlai Circle. you are Mawlai.
And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth: and the waters prevailed, and increased greatly upon the earth. , and all the high mountains that were under the whole heaven were covered.15 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and the mountains were covered.
Apart from Meghalaya, Sikkim is also the state with the lowest unemployment rate.
While he was walking to the other side of the road, suddenly a two wheeler of a Scooty Aerox came and the driver hit the child.
In the letter, Adelbert said that the reason why he can no longer work within the CEC is because the CEC has ignored the voice of the people who supported and elected him as an MLA. He expressed his regret that some members of the CEC have announced publicly and published the MDC ticket from Jaiaw and Mawkhar-Pynthor constituencies without listening to the voice of the people. of the people who support him in the two constituencies.
Instead of Bah Sulein, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang was elected as the new president of the CoRP. If you don't have the skills to work, you can't work in Ri Bhoi.
These include Bihari, Nepali, Bengali, Rabha, Tripuri, Pynjabi, Bodo, Bhutanese, and others who have worked in various jobs such as banks, central government offices, school teachers, school principals, businessmen and college students.
The Special Committee of the UDP has decided to invite KHNAM, one of the ethnic parties, to join the synrop or alliance before the elections in the state.
He was also a member of the First Academic Council of the Central Universities of Jharkhand, Ranchi, Bihar and Patna.
Speaking to media on her victory, Ringchi said she has recently joined the Meghalaya Wrestling Association and has been training for seven days.
However, even under both these administrations, we will never reach that development, peace and prosperity.
The fee for trucks is Nokma 200/-, Monopoly 300/- State Forest 300/- GHDC 200/- MLP 500/- State Forest 200/- NGO State Forest 500/- MLP 300 NGO 400/- GHDC 200/- MLP 1200/- GDC 200/- NGO 200/- NGO 200/- Monopoly 200/- Monopoly 200/- MLP 200/0/- State-0 G DC 2 2 /- NGO 200/- GDC 200/- MLP 200/-Ha Dalu Weighbridge – 1,700/- Custom – 1,000/- Forest – 150/- Sanitization – 50/- Association – 500/- MVI – 500/- Tang ha Dalu all long – 3900/-Total cost – 10,800/- per truck only to be paid to the DFO – 50,000/- for one set of documents containing 100 challans and total cost is 500 per truck and so on. The total amount of money paid was 11,300 tyngka.
Shillong, November 12: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, on Tuesday said that in terms of education outcomes and job opportunities for graduates, one of the most demanded lines of education will be They are those who have completed their studies in the lines of commerce.
But when these children are grown up, we shall be happy, for all the hard work will be done by the children.
So far, the expenditure on the zoo has reached Rs 21 crore.
The second innings of these teams will be played today.
They also said that this is their job to stand on their own feet.
At this event, he addressed the crowd.
“I am not satisfied with the decision to terminate my complaint by the Lokyukta against the PWD Umsning on the allegation of corruption amounting to Rs 12 crore.
The Chairman of the Council, Bah Lamphrang Blah, has given the students the opportunity to witness the discussions with their own eyes during the dorbar.
The robbers also stole two wheels of a Maruti Car owned by a Bhalang leader in Jaintia Hills.
The trail will be held on Saturday, April 9 at 8:30 am at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
He said the payment of interest for the year 2023-2023 is estimated at T.1,169 crore and the payment of pension is T.1,794 crore.
The Odd-Even number is scheduled to be implemented from Monday, July
During the inspection, the Minister said that as all the funds have been released for the implementation of the project, the works should be carried out faster so that the project can be completed. at the time as specified to be completed.
In the second half, the Pastors scored the first goal after a fierce fight in the penalty box and the ball went to the feet of Pro Pastor Balamight Marweiñ of Pyndemumïong District who scored the first goal of the match. The goalkeeper of the officers tried to score a dead goal, but he couldn't and the ball went straight into the goal.
The case has been registered under Section 52(12) 23 US 120B/468/405/420/380 IPC RW Sec 27 Arms Act and RW Sec 51 Wildlife Protection Act.
It is therefore the duty of the alumni to find out their teachers who have made it happen now.
In addition, police also seized alcoholic beverages including kyiad and drugs which were used and intended to be used by these demon worshippers at that time.
Meanwhile, CPC President Naba Bhattacharjee said that this place has a special history as it was here that Subhash Chandra Bose visited in 1937 to form the government of Gopinath Bordoloi.
The Boundary Commission of these District Councils has forcibly moved us within the border of United Cachar and Mikirs Hills (now Karbi Anglong) instead of staying in the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District.
“We have seen that as the days go by, the problems in the Council have increased and the expenses have increased,” said Bah Dhar. The discussion was on how to improve the income of the Council from some departments which do not affect the people.
Dozens of others are still infected, and it is estimated that the death toll could rise.
“However, the spirit of selflessness will not end at the anniversary celebration, let the struggle continue,” said Bah GH Kharshanlor. by the battle of power thought.
Two Nepali women, Saili Dorji and Subhas Rai, were seriously injured and died on Sunday. no later.
They used to cover their necks and tie them with books if they didn't fall to the ground.
In his opening remarks, the Syiem expressed his gratitude to the Jingiaseng Kynthei, who understand the burden of responsibility in the field of illness, who have organized this programme.
However, at the same time, Bah Lapang said that the state should apologize for forgetting this fighter for the state and others.
Speaking to media, MPCC President Vincent said the 40 candidates include 26 from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 14 from Garo Hills.
On the same day, Bah Balajied Ranee also handed over about 300 chairs to the All Meghalaya Karbi Association for use in various meetings.
The Mizoram Football Association (MFA) has honored Lallianzuala for winning the Player of the Year award by the All India Football Federation (AIFF). Chhangte, who is also the resident of Mizoram, on 14th November 2023 in Aizawl, Mizoram.
How did they sign that MOU to welcome the Khasi-Jaintia villages to Assam? How can they claim that only they (MDA) can resolve the border with Assam after 50 years? Should have felt ashamed instead of proud.
Shillong, Naitung 27 : The Executive Committee of the BJP party today decided to hold a protest here in the city. Shillong and Tura as a sign of protest by the West Garo Hills Police.
“Our visit to Switzerland was at the invitation of the Swiss Government.
The construction of this road has started since 9th November 2022 but within 12 months this road has deteriorated.
Regarding the allegation that the sordar does not issue NOC to those who sell and buy acres of land in Diengpasoh, the village leaders said that those who allege this should have brought those people who have sold and bought acres of land together. The village wants to get an explanation on this allegation.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 33 cases including one from Armed Forces, 4 cases from High Risk Contact, 13 cases from Umbir Cluster, 7 cases from Umiam Cluster and 8 cases from Umsawlum Cluster.
He said that the Rongbiria is not only a part of the shooting, but also a part of the storytelling, the prayer and the phirat, which achieves this goal.
It is to be recalled that on 22nd November 2022, six people were shot dead by the Assam Police in Mukroh.
In any democracy, the party that is in opposition always has the opportunity to fight against the weakness and weakness of the parties in power.
Regarding the deaths from Covid-19, Prestone said the government has directed the public not to open the coffin and not to bring the body inside the house. The rituals will be completed within 2 pm.
The union found that many foreign shops do not have trading licenses and do not know anything about trading licences.
The foundation stone was laid by Conrad Kongkal Sangma in the presence of Rhonda Vetere, another world leader from the United States, in the presence of RS Mooshary, former Governor of Meghalaya. Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Dr RC Deka, former Director of AIIMS, Dr Dhrubajyoti Baruah, Vice Chancellor of AIIMS , Chief of Army Staff Lt Zameer Uddin Shah, former Vice Chancellor of AMU, Dr Abdul Rase, Professor of Medicine, Faisal Masood, Managing Partner, EO, USA and Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. u MLA of Jirang constituency, as one of the guests.
Jowai, June 21: The Jowai Students Movement (JSM) Western Region today held the swearing-in ceremony of the Leaders for the 2023-2026 term.
The District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri-Bhoi District in collaboration with the Piramal Foundation on the 31st of this month held a public awareness session for the traditional healers of Umling area. member of the Ri Bhoi Traditional Healers Association.
They don't eat or drink as much as they want because it's their right.
The UDP has sought clarification from the CEM on the misuse of HHCF funds of T.2 crore, the loss of T.16 lakh from the Forest Department, and other issues.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today strongly criticized those who criticize others on social media without knowing whether it is true or false.
We weren’t the problem but we were kind of an opener.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 17: The body of Bah Hubert Marthong, one of the rawon who was carried away by the flood, has been recovered by the Village Authority of Maweit Village. six months ago.
It is learned that the ticket for the incumbent MP Bah Vincent H Pala may be longer after the nomination of the MLA of Mylliem as some of the leaders want Bah Ronnie.
In the U-19 (Boys), Embhahlang Lyngdoh of St. Anthony's Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah scored 704 points in the 100m race. Mary's Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah scored 657 points.
“These people who have joined the AITC will soon leave as soon as the elections are over, the people of Meghalaya know that.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 83 new cases have been confirmed and 877 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Replying to a question, the CEM said that the Council receives about Rs 3 crore in revenue from vehicles every three months.
Biolinda said that she has been insulted and criticized by many but through the support of the people she has not lost heart. She said that for 10 years now the constituency has been abandoned. There is no 100 bed hospital and no government college in this constituency.
Two candidates from Umsning, Donkupar Sumer, former MDC and Working President of the UDP in Ri-Bhoi, and Samla Sunshine Makri, who has resigned. UCPF to join the UDP party along with thousands of supporters at a rally held in Umsning on Saturday.
He also explained that the law does not allow the breaking of rotten or combustible nut even in the nut throwing places.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 05: Mawsawa Village Council has become the winner of the Inter Village Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Sohkhyllam Sports Club at Sohpian Stadium, Sohkhyllam South West District. .
To worry and regret while we are ringing or breathing, wouldn't it be the hell of the devil or the hell of the world? They will not only improve the income of the farmers but will also attract tourists from all over the world because we all know that tourists don't just come to invest money or invest billions. but they also told their friends about the beauty and splendor of the Mother Earth of Hynniewtrep.
Besides Kishan, only Tarique Siddique scored 27 not out and the team lost all wickets and scored only 93 runs, which was the lowest score in the tournament.
One of the cases was found in Mawtharia Pomlakarai village which has 70 households.
According to Bar Marshal Biam in a letter to Conrad K Sangma, these Khar Muslims have not yet been examined or screened for Corona Virus.
On the other hand, Dr. HB Buam, Paediatric and Incharge of the SNCU, said that the authorities in charge of the Nongpoh Civil Hospital, have been planning to implement the SNCU for several years now. by 2024 to achieve this goal.
However, I will briefly explain what all the wise know well.
Bah Ham said that his goal is to see that there will be a college in Mylliem which will provide convenience to the youth of the area who have to pay for daily transportation fees. and it is difficult to enter these schools every year.
She said that as the leader she has already inspected the PHC and found that there are still many shortcomings in the PHC from the accommodation of the staff, the PHC-building and others.
“I have introduced this budget of less than T.1090 crore which is 3.6 per cent of the GSDP,” he said.
There will be many opponents and comments on this writing and speech of mine especially those Khasi women who have already opposed this clean marriage and do not want it to become a law in our Khasi country.
The union also alleged that the longkmie of the area, have complained from time to time, to the leader who opened the forest, but he did not listen, but drove to They cut down the trees from the forest, until the road to the village was completely destroyed.
Political parties should be vigilant not to instigate violence against the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo as happened in the killings between Khasi-Jaintia and Bengali in 1979 & 1992, Khasi-Jaintia and Nepali in – 1987.
According to information received from the VDPs of Risiang, after receiving the information, the leaders and Rangbah Shnongs of Risiang village immediately went to close down the vehicle. The secret purpose of Mawlangriang.
The education department, after transferring two teachers including a Hindi teacher to Jowai and Mynso, has not appointed any others for almost two years.
Charles said that it seems that the state government wants the court to issue orders in all areas including the border issue and other issues and the non-release of funds to the councils. he said that it seems that the court wants to order.
This road is not only the blood vessel of Meghalaya, but at the same time the blood vessel of other states in the North East.
He said that in relation to various crimes within the boundary of Nongstoin, the number of crimes within the boundary of Nongstoin is still low. It will also be a waste of public money and will especially create a sense of distrust among the residents of the area.
I also received a complaint from U Pro.
The amendment to the 6th Schedule is also in accordance with an agreement between the Government of India, the Government of Assam, Meghalaya, the UPDS, the DHD and the Achik National Volunteers' Council. (ANVC).
This order shall apply to all members of work-charges and casual employees except bungalow persons, who hold a grade below the applicable pay level equal to the employees of the same grade below to regular establishment, services lane post.
“Let each one do just as he has resolved in his heart; not in Compulsion.
He said that there may be many languages, many kingdoms, but the nationality is one because we all have one custom and riti longkur where we give jaid to the woman who is the citizen. jaid while the man is the creator of the jaid and has two responsibilities, that is, the mother in the family, the father in the family.
To summarize from the discussions, it is understood that the reasons for this uprising are many, but only a few can be mentioned here- (i) there are those who strongly express their desire to become Chief Minister by u Khasi (ii) there are those who are angry with the corruption of the old MDA Government and the behavior of some who claim to be “high level” and (iii) there are those who are strongly opposed the BJP for attacking and exploiting the low paid.
Manchester City coach Pep Guardiola signed Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal for £45 million on Tuesday.
The program was attended by school children, members of the Village Organization (VO) and office bearers of Photjaud War Village.
Therefore, stand by Singh at this time and give your confidence to him.
Kharkongor said that the Department of Arts and Culture will honor six villages including Meghalaya which are still preserving their culture and traditions. the music, the traditional area and others.
The cause of the sudden fire inside the timber factory is still unknown. The fire broke out suddenly and spread quickly to other parts of the factory. The factory has destroyed all the trees and other necessary equipment inside the factory.
Within a year, he left two parties, the first from the UDP which he won as an MDC against Kilometer Lytan.
“I am against the mining policy and I don't like the NGT ban on coal mining. I said during my election campaign that I am sorry for the NGT ban on coal mining and coal transportation. Change this decision for the sake of the income and livelihood of the people.
Regarding the JJM scheme, he said that it was his constituency which was the first to sanction money to all 72 villages at a cost of not less than Rs 220 crore.
“The people of both constituencies trust and believe in my candidacy.
He also invited the youth and the people to join hands with the FKJGP on 28th March from Motphran to Madan Ïewrynghep to demand the filling of the vacant posts and to help. I don't want to be a young man who doesn't have a job.
The amendment of the Sixth Schedule under Article 125th Amendment is also very important and it remains for Parliament to complete and the Council will monitor this.
Therefore, I would like to request all the residents of Shillong and surrounding areas to keep our city clean.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Minister, also criticized the decline in the state in the last five years where the people are suffering from unemployment among the youth, decline in income and affected people. The people in all aspects of the rule of the coalition government are not led by the NPP party.
He urged the leaders to be vigilant to avoid what the nation has always been defeated by and that is in ignorance.
The Adhoc teachers under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) have continued to intensify their protest across the state since June by launching a three-day strike. from today.
One of the members of Blackpink, Jisoo, will release her single album on the 31st of this month. and YG Entertainment, which has taken responsibility for the release of the album, released the news on Tuesday.
The sudden passing away of this leader of the people with disabilities, has brought a great loss not only to his family, but the loss will be to those people with disabilities. Ri Bhoi, because he is a hard working person despite his disabilities, but he works hard to find ways and means, in order to provide assistance for others with disabilities.
" Deisy told him there.
God is still waiting for this generation of people to turn and repent in the midst of these difficult times.
“This is a matter of life and death, the price of piat should be increased,” said the Chief Minister, who also sought permission from the Election Commission to speak on the issue. MP elections are held in this area.
Paliar said that the people of Rambrai have held many meetings in these months since they were removed as MDCs from the government last year where development schemes from the MDCs have not reached the constituency. .
'Shmea' means Maw and 'Dymmui' means a young woman who has reached full youth.
The Minister said that the stadium will be completed by the end of November or the first month of November this year.
Police have taken Kynjai Marngar to Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem.
“Therefore, team work is needed and through that, this Chief Executive Officer is also here to fulfill his duty,” said Kong Suchiang.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the work of the Government is clear for the development of the State.
Key topicsSchool educationEnsuring access to educationThe NEP 2020 will focus on ensuring access to education at all levels – pre-school to secondary.
Besides, why doesn't the government want to spend the money of the people when there are thousands of buses in the city and many of them have stopped without counting those that have been broken down? and the number of the people.
To work with JHADC to complete the Water Supply Project.
But all their works they do to be seen of men, and to be praised of men.
“The NPP President has said that the party will not join hands with the BJP in the upcoming elections. The BJP has.
However, many more have recovered than those who are still sick compared to all those who have suffered from the disease.
Yes, the Lakadong shynrai has already stemmed and maybe there is no need to color it but it is impossible to know without testing.
For the areas in Shillong and Mylliem Block, electricians, plumbers, mechanics, motor mechanics, IT repair workers have been informed to start their work.
Shillong, March 25: U Bah Welcome Dkhar, Chief Executive Member (JHADC) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC), has sent a complaint to the Governor of Meghalaya against the formation of a new constituency. The Constituency Division Committee, or its Delimitation Committee, has proceeded to do its job and has also completed the drawing up of new constituencies.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held by Bah Sylvester Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong of the village and a short speech was delivered by Samla Mac Iver Thabah. Vice President and Secretary General of the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Wilfred, a retired IAS officer, said that he has decided not to contest the election after he did not get the ticket from the party.
“This is our respect and love as Jesus Himself promised that we, one day He went to prepare a place for us, will be with Him, this prayer of we for the dead are part of the cleansing, to prepare ourselves so that we can join the holy angels in heaven and through our prayers they will receive that eternal rest and eternal life in heaven. The Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai, Rev.Fr.Ferdinand Dkhar.
The research team comprising Research Officer Tajum Yomcha, Field Biologist Mayur Variya, Camera Technician Atum Rumdo and other Forest Department officials visited the area in the first month of this month. now.
On the dissolution of the KHMC, Ardent said it used to be the custom in the District Council that when the term of the EC expires, any committees that have been formed are dissolved.
Just a little while ago we will discuss the Power Department, Boundary and others.
“When we go to the election we contest like sportsmen with the aim of bringing about a better society and development in the constituency and the struggle is for the people,” said Bah Khilor S Kharnaior. Mawkyrwat: The HSPDP-UDP Coordination Committee (MBCC) Mawkyrwat Constituency has announced that a public meeting will be held on the 24th of this month at Iew Tynnai. at 9 pm which is also the election campaign for its candidate Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar.
Shillong, July 1: U National People's Party (NPP) Leader Purno Agitok Sangma on Saturday raised the issue of the incident in Garo Hills with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
I would like to congratulate the Air Force and the entire Air Force Station Tezpur team for conducting this flight,” the President said in a memorandum.
The doors, dashboard and headlights of these buses were damaged.
Also present on the occasion were members of the Executive Dorbar of Laitnongkseh Village including Bah Dhotdingstar Nongbri (Secretary Village), Bah Purningstar Shabong (Assistant Secretary Village) and others.
Mary who knows her own son well, who has the power, who can help, to bring joy instead of sorrow.
Regarding the COVID-19 vaccination of poor women, it is still under discussion with the National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI).
Bah Pynshngain requested the cooperation of Demseiniong Village to join hands in this cleanliness.
It was also found that the truck did not have any permit to drive especially during the curfew in the state.
I don't have any secrets or shyness from any important issues especially when they belong to the state and the people,” he said.
Soft alcohol can also be made by adding dumasla, tuttia and other spices.
Through this hard work, she has revived the Khasi culture and traditions, especially in relation to the Khasi customs and traditions.
The Secretary of the HSPDP party said that if Para 12(b) can be implemented in Assam, what will happen in Assam if Para 12(a) is removed?
He said they suspected that these cows were intended to be smuggled and immediately informed the Khliehriat Police Station and they seized the vehicles, cows and arrested the drivers of the trucks.
Mukhla Umlangshor will play against Da in Mynsngat at 2 pm.
It is not easy to run the school for 25 years if the school authorities and teachers do not work hard and dedicate themselves, but it is because of their strong spirit to spread knowledge that this school has been successful. growth and development as it is now, he added.
It is not the desire of anyone to discriminate against any ethnic group but what the MP of Shillong said is that the reason why the Pnar language has not been included is because of the Language Act introduced in the House by the Government. Congress under the leadership of Bah DD Lapang as Prime Minister in 2005 when the Congress was in power and the MP at that time was from the Congress,” he said.
The president of the HSPDP said that until now there is no power of money to buy him in life.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in a statement said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has made a demand to the MLAs of South West Khasi Hills District. West Khasi Hills District to submit an Official Resolution (OR) in the Legislative Assembly to end the uranium mining project of the Uranium Corporation of India (UCIL).
Sharma said there is a large stock of piat in the country.
Conrad K Sangma also holds the posts of Planning, Forest & Environment Mining & Geology, Information Technology, Personnel, Program Implementation and Cabinet Affairs.
Shillong: There have been 412 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 338 recoveries and 5 deaths.
Nongmynsong SC beat Sanmer SC without scoring a goal.
The meeting was conducted by Pyndapbiang Muksor who is also the Camp Commander & Training Incharge of the Centre.
There has been a heavy traffic jam in Khliehriat and many Kalo have had to park on the road because they are bad and all this is due to the bad weather of the road which is mostly covered with heavy snow. .
Their actions, speeches and teachings attract the attention of the students in the classes.
Speaking to media after a meeting with Bah CVD Diengdoh, Bah Thomas Passah, Leader of KSBUH, said that according to the government official, the Tactital Team-I “From what happened, we understand that this action of the government is only to delay the trial. “Bah Che is right and to release the policemen who shot him from punishment,” he said.
Meanwhile, Dr. L. Cajee, Registrar of NEHU, urged the teachers to think carefully in this regard for the improvement of education in the state.
The police department has stepped up patrols at night to prevent such incidents, and the district authorities have ordered to park government vehicles in safe places to avoid damage.
All these will be different if the soul is the messenger of the news to the country and the nation as a whole.
In this regard, the Waheh Shnong Unions have been directed to select wholesaler shops to arrange the transportation of these fish and fish according to the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Only those who have experienced it know why Bah HO Mawrie (bmkwai ha dwar U Blei) after many decades of being a senior pastor, still doesn't understand how to turn around and die as a 'Khasi nylla Khasipaka'
The increase in prices from other states has also affected Meghalaya where the price of food items has increased sharply.
The Congress Meghalaya unit has been in trouble ahead of the mid-term elections in three Assembly seats and it is because of this unhappiness that Rahul Gandhi has met with him. Mukul Sangma and Congress President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday.
LSN Dykes was the chief guest and Rtn. B Shilla, Assistant Governor Zone-X, Rtn. SK Lato (MPHF), Vice President, Rtn. BP Najiar (PHF), President, Rtn. EF. Gatphoh (MPHF) Charter President, Rtn. A Susngi (RFSM) Secretary and others.
"The people are the changemakers—not the changemakers.
He was rich but became poor for us so that we might become rich spiritually.
Sweden, who had hoped to win the gold medal, lost to Canada.
With the entry of Bah Albinus, the UDP now has six MDCs in the KHADC along with the Congress party. The UDP has Teinwell Dkhar from Shella constituency and Donkupar Sumer from Umsning constituency. , Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh Constituency, HS Shylla from Nongkrem Constituency, Equator L Nongrang from Mairang Constituency and Albinus Lyngdoh from Umsning Constituency.
Sarma did not allow Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal to cut the cake, as Himanta believed that if the cake with the image of Modi was cut, the cake would be cut. it is as if they do not respect this leader.
“The Congress government has empowered the people, and it is the Congress government that has brought the right to the people to seek information from various government offices through RTI which has been implemented since The Congress government has brought in foodgrains for the poor, the NREGS scheme and many other things that the Congress has done for the welfare of the poor,” said James.
With this absence, it will also be a huge loss in preparation for the French Open.
Speaking to media, Bah Francis Ryntathiang, President of Jirang Mondal, said that the meeting was held to discuss the issue of Riya Sangma's entry into the district. Candidate and to apply for ticket to contest MLA election from Jirang Constituency.
Some say that this happened only in those days, and now there is no such work of the Spirit. This statement is wrong and misleads others.
“We cannot blame the Minister for the MP election because the Constitution allows it but for the people it will be a waste of public money.
Pynshngain said the agreement was canceled because it was done without following the necessary rules, which he said should have about four or five land plots at their own prices. He said that the Council can look at any land it wants, but he said that the land allocation in Mawkyrwat is only for one land.
All this is due to policies that focus on the welfare of farmers, income support, crisis assistance through price and insurance, development of technologies and innovations through startup," the Finance Minister said in her speech.
However, to implement the new musur, the approval of the Cabinet is required.
When the decree was passed, the Dorbar took the initiative to prepare to announce to the residents of the village to announce the date of the thanksgiving and the silver and gold dance.
“We stand on the basis of two demands and the party does not want to fulfill these two demands.
According to many sources, the BJP government of Modikasdangkawang has established a UCC in Manipur, until the Manipur High Court has allowed the Hindu Meitei people to get the status of Scheduled Tribe. , only with an Affidavit.
“My goal is that if she wins as MLA in 2023, she wants to bring about a different change from what the constituency has experienced at the hands of the leaders. “With your cooperation, the NPP will win from Shella and in the state as a whole and will rule alone in 2023 without the need for other parties to cooperate,” she said. state.
Decades have passed and many people have been killed and injured, homes, crops and livestock have been destroyed, human rights have been violated, The growth of the economy has come to a halt and the foreign exploiters who have been robbed and robbed have also increased.
The KHNAM party, the BJP party and now the UDP party have expressed their concerns about the delay in the working methods of the MDA coalition government even though they are in the same government.
She recalled that recently the Supreme Court has recognized them and issued an order that they can continue to operate and implement according to the rules of the District Council. This is clearly stated in Para 5 of the Sanad which empowers the Daloi to continue the customs and traditions and to collect taxes.
The list of 184 candidates has been released today, said JP Nadda and three more lists will be released later.
Those who are eligible for this scholarship can apply by filling up the form on the website www.yessmeghalaya.
On the other hand, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the press room has been equipped with 4 computers, seats and the room will be open only on office days. .
He said that he urged the people and also the village leaders of Ri Bhoi Sepngi area and the people, not to have that bias on the grounds that the party does not It is only because of the presence of this disease that it will cause trouble in the community or in the community.
He said the last hearing was scheduled for November 2023 and the court has fixed 27th January as the date for the next hearing.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donlang congratulated the team of Saiden Secondary School girls who have worked hard to win the title in the District and the State. also despite many shortcomings such as school and sportsmen face.
I pray that the people of our country; It will understand and walk according to the rules and regulations that God requires of us and God Himself knows what He will give us before we ask.
The group said that if the government does not implement the Inner Line Permit system by April, it will lose respect for the government and will continue to protest until it gets the Inner Line Permit.
He said that the construction of these gates is part of the implementation of the project after the visit of the Chief Executive Member Bah Pynshngain N Syiem last year.
The fire broke out due to a short circuit in the electrical wires inside the market, but fortunately no casualties were reported. There are thousands of people in this market.
This statement was sent by Advocate Timidis Pakem, Publicity Secretary, KBA, Khliehriat.
Mukul received 12689 votes, Nihim 12317 votes and Congress candidate Champion R Sangma came third with 2232 votes.
“It has become a promise of the political parties, but it ends up in statements because they don't want to say anything on this issue,” he said.
The meeting held at Mawkyrwat also decided to give 48 hours to the Garo rebel groups to release Dinar Syiemlieh, Tymmen Basan, who lives in Umsur, Nongjri-Nonghyllam. It is also up to the state government to take action on this issue.
Shillong: The decision of the NEHU to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) from the 2023-24 academic year has sparked strong criticism from the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (NEHU). (MCTA), which alleged that this act is illegal and harmful to the students.
The city with the highest number of complaints was in Noida, where many residents went to the police stations to lodge complaints about the loss of their phones.
When asked by the union whether the Forest Department officials used to visit these factories, the Dkhar worker said that there is one who is still collecting money.
He said 134 branches have been automated.
Pynshai Chyrmang 8' and Vishal Nongpluh 55' scored the goals for Tympang Club.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has slammed the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma for saying that the protest to demand the improvement of the recruitment policy is only the Drama is the source of inspiration for the youth.
Dr. EBV Laloo, District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills, said that the disease has been around for many years but the health department and a team of doctors are still fighting against it. diseases to destroy.
At such times when society, morality and humanity have declined to a great extent, society turns and looks at the family, what they do to repair what has been damaged.
High Fidelity and Shelly Lamin have entertained the audience with their beautiful songs.
At the launch of the JJM in July 2019, only 4,550 households in the Khapsor areas have received water tanks.
The method of harvesting is strong, but it is not dark or deceitful to the neighboring farmers.
Speech was also delivered by Bah PN Syiem, who expressed his satisfaction to see that these classroom activities of the college, have been implemented in a proper manner, as scheduled.
The company has admitted that it has registered under the Public Sector Undertaking Act (PSU) of the Government of India, but there is no such Act in the Indian laws and the company does not have an office. safely in the area as she advertised.
“In 2021, there was not much strictness and so all the students were released to write the exam but many did not ‘pass’ the exam.
He said that although no suitable way to resolve the border dispute has been decided, in his opinion, the 'Ia-Ai bad Ia-Shim' or Take and Give policy is more appropriate. fine.
When he turned to the other side of the crowd, he went quickly to the aisha.
Shillong: “The decision of the Supreme Court has been a milestone of victory,” said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah. I'm going to buy coal.
Piat has also been offered to the States/UTs at the price of T.21/kg for distribution to the people in these States.
The preaching of the Gospel can be accomplished throughout the world but in Israel it will not be accomplished until Jesus comes again to this earth.
The club also added that the proceeds will also be donated to the shlem which provides support to members of the LGBTQ community who have suffered from discrimination. the right is theirs.
The Thabah youths also condemn the actions of Lyngdoh Sohiong and expressed their readiness to support the demand of the JAC and to be with them at any time, said a statement from 20 signatories. who is the son of Kur Thabah.
Jowai: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) led by the Dy. Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Mc Joel Marngar has arrested two more persons involved in the trafficking of women. .
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Voice of the People Party (VP) has continued to hold awareness campaigns at Malki Point this evening.
Two persons were injured in the incident, when they were in a two-wheeler, when the bomb fell on the ground a few meters from the gate of the house. of the Minister, the police said.
These include the Construction of Rural Market in Umsning worth T.2,05,37,000, the Preservation, Promotion and Empowerment through Languages ​​Technology worth T.1,06,95,000 crore, the Documentation of Cultural Heritage of the Khasis. The Mawkyrwat Market Complex has cost T.1,48,97,000 crore and the Mawkyrwat Market Complex has cost T.2,11,50,0
The pond is located in Diengiong village near Mawdiangdiang.
The first session was conducted by Prof. MS Warjri, IQAC Coordinator, Sankardev College Shillong, Dr. Euodia B. Myrthong, Assistant Professor of Education, NEHU, Shillong and Dr. Mary Anne Jyrwa, Associate Professor and Principal in-charge, CTE (PGT) Shillong.
The same prophet saw this 46:10-1
Pangniang said that after an emergency meeting with his leaders and supporters, he will also go to Rambrai to explain to the people of Rambrai that he has not resigned from his post and backed down from the service of the people of Rambrai. The people as he had already sworn in during his tenure as MDC, but it is the government's inability to wait until the end of his term.
Therefore, we have to continue what we have achieved to increase it and this will be rich in fish production by about 80-90 percent”.
There are those who are afraid of this.
Therefore, whatever work is done should be left to God to direct, so we should say, “If the Lord wills, we shall live and also do this or that” James 64:1
The KSU leader said that as part of the public awareness campaign against the CAA 2019, the KSU will visit every village in the state from the New Year
“There will be 1.3 crore voters to elect their leaders from 70 constituencies in the capital. There are 11,763 polling stations set up across Delhi,” he said. Chief election commissioner VS Sampath.
Members of the HITO led by its President, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on the afternoon of 29th November, 2023, went to welcome two members of the organization who have been arrested. arrested on 4th November, 2023 on the road opposite the State Bank of India (SBI) Main Branch in Khyndailad.
According to the order, foreign trade is open and vehicles are not allowed to stop halfway and should proceed straight to the market. -19.
Other laws may be enacted to accommodate and assist refugees, without regard to their religion or ethnicity or the country of origin.
It is understood that the growth of the revenue collection gates is like the tits of the rain until even the KHADC itself does not know how many of those revenue gates are really its own revenue collection gates.
The residents chased them away and arrested them and took them to the house of Nokma, where they shot and beat them at 11 pm on 15th June
He urged the people to think clearly and not to panic but to investigate first because there are many incidents that cause problems later.
If there are many branches, the fruit that comes from such branches is not good.
Meanwhile, Rimpu denied the allegation and alleged that the raid on his house was an act of the government after receiving information that the BJP has become stronger in Tura.
In 2007, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) had blamed coal for the fact that coal mining was going well and now that coal mining has been banned, could it be because of coal?”, he asked. The old man said, 'I don't know why.
Ashim Paul said that the main purpose of the company is to install these petrol pumps across the district which has been taken over by the Oil Marketing Companies as part of the delivery of petrol pumps to all the petrol pumps. public and for the safety of consumers in markets as well as in areas under construction of National Highways, agricultural land and factories.
