He said that cricket is one of the most popular sports in the country, therefore it is necessary for the youngsters who have talent in this sport not to neglect, but to to work hard for the sake of leadership in the District, State and the Country.
The meeting of the committee headed by the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Pravin Bakshi was held at the office of the Directorate of Health and Services, Shillong.
The objectives of the schemes under MDoNER are to strengthen the initiatives of various Central Government agencies and departments on the one hand and the needs of the North Eastern States on the other, for increase and prosperity like never before.
The National Book Trust, Shillong, has postponed the Shillong Book Fair 2023 scheduled to be held from 18th to 24th November at the State Central Library Shillong for various reasons. .
We play with time as if we are gods to keep track of time.
He has written many scripts for Khasi theater plays and films and has also starred in the Khasi film Sha Ba Sep Ka Sngi and several others.
The most peaceful and spectacular celebration was held in Mairang, where the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and MLA of the constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, unveiled the statue of him. King Tirot Singh.
Of these religious founders, only our Jesus rose from the grave and death.
After the welcome ceremony, a scheme distribution was held, in which shuki, tyrpal, khiew shet were distributed to various villages as well as the Women's Wing.
Shillong, June 20: The IRSSCC has announced that it will hold its General Council Meeting and awarding ceremony on the 6th of this month. 2023, Shillong Club Quarter, Shillong at 2 pm.
The Star of the Country said that instead of remembering him on this day, we should pay tribute to Mother Teresa who passed away on the same day.
more more when you win.
Shah said that development in any state cannot come only through Government investment and therefore the participation of groups and private sector is essential to accelerate development. through the ease of doing business.
Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem was also present to attend the meeting as the constituencies that Pyniaid looks after as MDC are Nongrah, Lapang and others. The NPP leaders also informed that tomorrow they will welcome Bah Sounder Cajee to join the NPP and become the candidate from the 19th Shillong South constituency.
According to the source, while the youth was parking his motorcycle (Bajaj Discover) number ML06 8639 inside the ground floor of the house, the unidentified robbers were arrested. On the morning of the 14th at about 2:00 AM, they came to steal his motorcycle.
Many people are still in the dark about the news that Bah HDR will contest on the UDP ticket as the UDP and HSPDP are still under the same banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance. the 2018 MLA elections.
There is no difference between the jhur phan broker in Iewduh and the farmers and consumers.
He said that the use of the land in Umsawli is in the hands of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, the newly appointed Minister.
The event was attended by Bah Mathew Makdoh, Retired Officer of DRDA, Bah RB Shadap President RBDSA, Bah GS Shadap General Secretary and officials of RBDSA. together with the U-18 football players of the District.
Without price, you don't have to be honored, you don't have to be honored.
On the other hand, JAC Leader Marbud Dkhar said that the JAC has expressed its regret over the delay of the state government in resolving this issue which has seriously affected the livelihood of the drivers. vehicles and the transportation of the people of the state.
All the residents, traders and others are requested to cooperate with the District Administration so that the activities will be successful.
Shillong: Rangdajied United Football Club beat Laban Sports Club 5-0 in the Shillong Premier League on Tuesday at the JN Stadium Polo.
Nongpoh: The Sohphoh Sub Centre, which was built in 2012, but could not be opened anytime, was inaugurated yesterday at Sohphoh, Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, to avoid any penalties, shop owners, shopkeepers or workplaces are advised to follow the safety measures to avoid public gatherings inside their shops or workplaces.
“If the government has taken action, why can't they stop this and this is only because there is a shortage in the security departments of the government and this is on the part of the government. “The government department will look into the matter before such incidents happen again,” he said.
This will benefit about 49.18 lakh central government employees and 67.95 lakh pensioners.
Langsning and Rangdajied had to share 10 points each.
“I don't know whether he said that or not, if he said it is really sad to say that because Yadav is a great leader and has been in politics for a long time,” said the party spokesperson. to Meem Afzal in Delhi.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Mahamsing Lhuid, also known as MS Lhuid, has encouraged them to improve the area.
Nongstoin: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin Police Station. part of the project to build a well on the site.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-SAU) has recently donated copies to the students from Class V to Class X in schools in Shella Village.
Manchester United under Erik ten Hag will face Nottingham Forest on Saturday and then Arsenal on 3rd November.
“Right! I'm going to city shisha.
He recalled that recently the members of the Seng have seized up to 30 trucks illegally carrying coal and a case has been registered and is now in the hands of the court.
In India, the Bharatiya Prakritik Krishi Paddhti is part of the development of agriculture, water conservation, soil protection and agricultural land.
The ACHIK Leader was taken to the High Court which authorized the Police to remand him in Police Custody for two days.
In a letter to the Union Minister of Water Resources, Dr Sangma said that the annual allocation of the state for the AIBP scheme has been reduced to T. 81 crore from the previous T.131 crore.
The Under-17 team has been training in Chennai since last July and will now leave for Jordan today for a friendly against Jordan on the 6th and 9th June.
The woman cannot endure long; for from the beginning of the world God made it in vain.
Long live Bah Martle Mukhim.
Ardent said that the EC's claim that there will be no kilo cut since 2019 is wrong because if there is no kilo cut, why should there be a complaint and why should the Executive Members visit? state.
It is not that you have to talk to the general secretary and you don't talk to the chairman,” said Pala.
The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) led by Niyo Biam, Assistant General Secretary, together with members Itbhamiki Rymbai, President E Lamare, visited the border villages of India. Bangladesh in East Jaintia Hills to distribute food items to the residents on Friday.
Shillong, March 14: The Durga Puja of Hindu devotees today went smoothly at the Wah Umkhrah under the patrol of the state police.
Rikkala left Dubai 45 days ago after failing to find a job in Dubai.
Thousands of protesters led by women wrestlers gathered in Delhi on Tuesday to demand the resignation and immediate arrest of the president of the wrestling federation.
“This will be implemented in collaboration between the government and the private sector or PPP mode for street lights to use energy efficient LED bulbs,” he said.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, L Kynjing on Saturday launched a book written by the Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, Riquoma Rq Laloo.
“As the Working President, it is true that the Congress is still facing challenges due to the sudden emergence of 12 MLAs, but on our part, we need to go to the grassroots level to the Block level to strengthen the party. the party,” said Bah Syiem.
With the presence of Gerald Samuel Duïa, the owner of Duïa Trailblazers, the students received important information and explanations.
After waiting for more than 2 hours to talk to the doctor, she refused to talk to the union.
The program organized by the MSSDS and the Department of Health & Family Welfare in collaboration with various companies has provided training to learn to speak the languages ​​of other countries besides the opportunities in the field of education. gets employed outside the country.
However, according to sources, in East Khasi Hills, the constituencies where there is a ticket race are Mawkynrew and 19th Shillong South.
“We have agreed to amend this rule to allow the chairman to act without all the members and as there is no dorbar, an ordinance will be issued first,” he said.
It is also necessary to improve the creativity and production as this also increases not only the income but also the intellectual development and the development of equality and well-being in the future.
If so, once again the rivers and streams will dry up and overflow.
Regarding the comments received from some members of the Associations, the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs has announced that it will continue to provide benefits and assistance to the athletes through this scheme.
Speaking at the Armed Police Commanders' Meeting held at the Police Training Centre, Gergaon, the Chief Minister said that the top priority of the State Government is to end the implementation of the AFSPA. from the state of Assam by the end of
However, in a recent interview, Bah Pangiang said that he does not regret the resignation of the MDC because it was not done by himself but by the state government.
In her speech, she also appealed to the people to spread this to others so that they can send their children or neighbors who need assistance through the meetings.
According to the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS), as of March this year, 8384 people living with HIV have registered for treatment and most of them are from East Khasi Hills District.
As the Secretary of the Hima Sohra, Bah Rymmai said that the Khadar rule is the one that shapes the villages and the rule in the Hima. in political affairs, because there are leaders like in the District Council or Legislative Assembly who look at people, where they feel that whoever benefits themselves, whom they should not appoint, they appoint and who should appoint. It is no longer the same as before, but there are other powers that cannot be overcome.
Jesus Christ came to live and to fight with us here on earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has convened an emergency meeting of all 30 MDCs to discuss the outcome of the discussions with the government on the Village Administration Bill,
The Dorbar Shnong of Khanduli today came out to lay a new mawpud.
Shillong, March 15: The Association of Challenged People Meghalaya (ACPM) on Tuesday said that driving police and drivers do not recognize the white cross to stop vehicles when they intend to stop vehicles. people with disabilities to move from one side of the road to another.
The accident was caused by the driver of the Bolero Pick Up who was driving under the influence of alcohol. The vehicle he was driving, which caused the collision with the Grand i1
In the second demarcation, the Meghalaya government should ensure that Block-I and Block-II should come as the Khasi-Pnars want and not be invaded by Assam.
She also urged the government not to take sides but to run in good governance and to run according to the rules of law to punish those officials who misuse their powers in the appointment of teachers.
Regarding the progress of the work, Bah Sunn expressed his satisfaction so far.
“Regarding the harassment of the residents of Block-II, most of the allegations are against the Karbi Anglong District Council. The CEM of Karbi Anglong District Council (KADC) has said that there should be no harassment or harassment of the residents in the border areas.
While the members of the union started the march from Madan Mot Tirot to the place where Bah Ardent was buried for about 45 kilometers, the residents and shopkeepers along the highway. National Highway 44-E to watch the march of the members of the organization.
The NPP has lost in Selsella constituency where Purno's son Conrad K Sangma has lost to Congress candidate Clement Marak.
U RK Sacheti arrived in Shillong yesterday and immediately held a meeting with the state government authorities to seek detailed clarification on their part. The Indian Olympic Association (IOC) has already decided to allocate a special allocation to Meghalaya which has already signed its social agreement. host city contract.
If you are not really a leader, why did you win only three seats from Jaintia Hills?” he added. "It's too much," said Bah Donbok.
On the other hand, the NSCN-IM said that it is still working on the basis of the Framework Agreement signed on 3rd July,
He expects that these discussions will be completed in the coming days through the cooperation with the authorities from both sides.
Urging the students, he said that the students should have a spirit of struggle to succeed in education and to be the beneficiaries of the society.
In Adhock Pattern, 22 students have been appointed in Women's College, 34 students in Raid Laban College, 12 students in Tikrikilla College, 32 students in People's College and 23 students in Durama College.
Furthermore, it is forbidden for anyone who does not; They may open or open their own shops to sell food or any other goods within the boundary of Lum Sohptebneng under the jurisdiction of the Seng Khasi.
When I arrived in Shillong I felt like I had reached the English country because I saw the beautiful houses and the school children dressed in beautiful school uniforms. I don't want to stay and study in Shilling but when I think twice I say that I can't get a hire to study here because at home we are very poor.
If the people really understand the need to unite the Khasi people, THIS IS THE RIGHT TIME. We all want to see the future of the Khasi people alive and developing in all aspects. everything.
In Khliehriat, he was shot dead for stealing a blanket, TV and woofer from a student of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School who was staying at the house of Bhalang Shylla.
It is to provide part-time education to those who leave school that the Central Government has issued a new education policy (NEP). schools, colleges and universities.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, have seized 18 trucks at 4 or 5 pm this morning. that they had smuggled coal without proper documents.
In the 18-year-old boys' discus throw, Peter R. Marak came first, Tusanto Hajong came second and Davidson Pariong came third.
It is also necessary to improve the examination system and so on.
In the mainstream, Catholics begin by drawing the sign of the cross of the Triune God, God, Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, but in the mainstream Protestants, they begin with There are also some places where other Christian churches are more likely to pray according to the religious beliefs of those believers.
Thousands of supporters from Raid Madan Kyrdem came to listen to the explanation and principles of Bah Damanbait Lamare in the presence of Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, Bah R Kharbuki. Umroi MDC, NPYF State General Secretary PP Rynghang and other office bearers and leading leaders of the NPP in Umroi.
Hajong and Anand scored 50 runs for the loss of 10 wickets before Kharsyiem lost their wickets.
Meghalaya beat Uttarakhand by 414 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy of the Plate Group in Dehradun today.
We should ask whether the neighboring states, like Assam and others are going through the same disaster that we are going through? Is there a load shedding every day especially during the dry months? If other states get electricity, what makes Meghalaya go through this? This is a problem for the people, especially those who don't have the opportunity to install an inverter which can support the electricity for a while.
The actions of the PDF leaders should set an example to others not to just mislead the people and to understand their own power.
Where are you going to learn? I don't know what to do; how can you eat manna from heaven? Is the future bright? What is the most precious thing in the age of gold? When we run every day to finish our work.
The suspect was identified as Banai Borlang Mawa (30) of Mawshamok village in Sohra area.
Who showed it? This answer.
S.S.Malai, Treasurer, Mr.
On the other hand, COMSO has announced that from the 12th of this month, it has started to search for foreigners and ban the entry of foreigners.
The reason for the suspension is that the SUR KA BRI U HYNÑIEWTREP does not want to see that the judgment is fair and that there is nothing wrong with the JUDICIAL INQUIRY.
“Will you eat?” I replied, “It's good that we're hungry”.
Residents of Laitlyngkot village believed that the young woman had come to Laitlyngkot area with her friends.
The program was also attended by Rimiyo Shylla, Coordinator of the East Jaintia Hills District Swimming Association (EJHDSA) as a resource person and on the other hand to select the youth to participate in the Meghalaya Swimming Championship. Competition 2019 organized by the Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA).
Therefore, the sympathy will not work for the person who has been involved in the murder of his own Mama and the people of Sohiong understand better than other people outside the constituency.
Shillong: There have been 77 new cases of coronavirus in the state, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,1
She said that nine animals have died and 138 houses have been damaged, 182 houses have been damaged, and 182 houses have been damaged. There are 22 damaged houses and 31 relief houses, a total of
The party strongly prohibits anyone from playing chess if they find such practices again and will not allow them to play chess according to the rules of law.
He sent a message to the people of Khasi-Jaintia and the state, that if they want to get ILP, they should elect a candidate who wants 100 percent.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Vice President Robert Dkhar, Chairman of the Tournament Committee, said that after 40 months of waiting, the decision was taken. The meeting said that the tournament will start on the 20th of October. Robert said that due to the lack of time, the tournament will start on the 20th of October. The tournament will be held in single leg, but the four teams that score the most points will have the opportunity to qualify for the semifinals and later. this will be followed by the final.
Arsenal last season, held first place for many months.
Speaking after the laying of wreaths at the monument of Parad Soso Tham to commemorate the 77th anniversary of his death, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU strongly supports the Khasi Authors Society KAS on its struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution of the country.
The reason why people see us as the TMC is because the TMC has done all the talking for us.
There was a Hindu khar who lived with me in the same room, who wore a pita on his body.
Today, Dr Mukul said that Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister of the state, is nothing when he holds the post because he was appointed by the BJP only as a tyngshop.
Speaking at the Budget Session of the Council, Ma Shiwat said that the revenue collection from the Council's assets is T.29,38,23,800 and from the Government revenue is T. 97,50,00,000 and Government grants T.77,74,99,7
The total number of cases has risen to 1,098 and the death toll to 1,5
But not only me, many of the elders are clean and faithful servants.
Because they say that if God were good, He would not give such a warning (kill) until a person does not even have the opportunity to show or witness for himself that change in his life, and God will There is no forgiveness or mercy, especially for children or for those who are still young.
If these cookies enter the country, they will not turn around and the number of drug traffickers will increase until crime and corruption will increase.
Father Sngi Lyngdoh explained the meaning of this word and said that it means, “beyond what people can imagine, to expect...” It can also be understood that a full life means, “to live in a community where the environment is good, the air and water are clean.
The men's and women's badminton players of Tramline Badminton Academy have left the state to take part in the 66th National School Games to be held in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh.
“It takes up to 9 months to get the NOC from the defence.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the residents of Thyllaw who have been robbed by these four persons have started to knieh the farm since 3rd July
And wow mei, God is your city.
We are also confident of the readiness to invite various sports events in the state.
In Nongkrem constituency, the victory will go to the Bom or the UDP party led by Bah HS Shylla, although there has been a contest with the HSPDP (Sing) party. son of Hubert Riang.
The Best Commander of the NCC Prime Minister Rally out of the 17 contingents who took part in the rally was Risa-iba Laloo, daughter of Bah Was Laloo and Wilda Teron from Diwon Village, Ri Bhoi District.
“Therefore, we expect that the people should take the same decision as one village and if it is the third case, the whole area will be resolved at the same time.
There have been 308 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, said GP Singh, Additional Director General of Police (Law & Order), Assam.
Roads are built for the convenience of mankind.
All these villages fall under the Laskein C&RD Block.
Heavy rain and strong wind have hit Pamrakmai village in East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
“It must have rained,” said the mother who was sitting with her father.
The headquarters of the District will be in Sohra. It is to be recalled that Alan West Kharkongor is one of the founders of the group known as The Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) and since 2018 this group has been working hard and tirelessly to put forward its demands before the Government.
Lovely Shylla, Assistant Waheh Shnong Wahiajer was the chief guest and inaugurated the tournament in the presence of ICYM leaders and others.
Besides, there were also Meghalayans who took part in the 10 kilometer race and the 26 kilometer race.
Furthermore, due to the elections in different states of India and the fact that it is also the rainy season and the electricity bill has now reached T.6 per unit and thus, it has been necessary to implement the fire fighting in the country. He said that this is not due to the lack of electricity or power grid, but due to the lack of water.
During the visit, the Minister congratulated the team of doctors and supervisors of the hospital for making the hospital a perfect place especially in the cleanliness.
According to Bah David, the Congress does not want to support the UDP in Ranikor, but the support is only if there is no other way.
Who gave the order to take the life of Bah Che, isn't it Lakmen Rymbui of the UDP?
The troops and police seized the drugs after receiving a tip and raided the vehicle at Pomshutia.
Shillong: U George B Lyngdoh, MLA of the Congress party, today raised the issue of the failure of the state police to arrest Vickey Dey, who has made insulting remarks. to the people of the state, now less than a year.
George said that the overloading of trucks has not only endangered the bridge but has also destroyed the roads along the roads.
Speaking to Rupang, the President of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee, Albinus Kharbani, said that the party from Nongstoin is against the nomination of the government by Gabriel. who used to fight against the party during elections.
In another development, the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Uma Nath Singh, today laid the foundation stone for the expansion of the High Court building in the presence of Justice T.N.K. Singh and Justice SR Sen, judges of the High Court at a meeting held outside the High Court.
The AJTCVA has demanded that the authorities in charge of the Toll Gate Pasyih/Ialong should not charge the toll gate fee of 30/- per day. .
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Mawkordor said that he will not hesitate to come forward to carry the heavy responsibility for the people of the constituency.
Does the NLCN have anything to do with unemployment? Does the NLCN think that because they can no longer get money from coal, they can get it by demanding it from the people? Hopefully, there will be a thorough investigation so that the government can take appropriate measures on this issue.
“...And He (Jesus) was baptized of John in the Jordan...and straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens rent asunder, and the Spirit as a descendant of him...And, behold, a voice came; from Heaven, “You are my beloved Son...I am pleased with you.
Shillong, July 30: Former Government Minister and former Congress MLA/MDC Bah KK Dkhar on Tuesday said that his departure from the Congress party is not only for him but for many followers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Receive Pator said that according to the reply received by the party leaders and village leaders, the reason for the lack of results of these students is due to the internal marks. subject Ksankupar Shongwan has given 20 Full Marks and 6 Pass Marks without considering the internal marks. The MBOSE has been unable to release the results of these students.
“However, they did not come to the race after learning that those who brought fake documents have been arrested,” said Bah Vivek.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chairman of JACM, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that the meeting today was after the Minister of Home Affairs had summoned the husband of Bah Dimarlin. on this matter.
What is the name of this new nation of Meghalaya...it is a 'High Level' nation,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
Sonali Mishra, IPS, ADG, BSF (Eastern Command) Kolkata was also present as the chief guest along with Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF, Meghalaya Frontier, Prof. Prabha Shankar Sukla. , Vice Chancellor of NEHU, TS Chavan, senior officers of the BSF. The ceremony began with a march past, in which groups from different frontiers marched. After this, a traditional program was performed by the students of the BSF School and the BSF personnel. On this occasion, the ADG also honored the winners of various sports such as judo. , Wushu, Gymnastics, Taekwondo.
When she got there, she tried to look around, but she couldn't and she took the curtain that used to be in the bathroom.
We live in democracy and we understand clearly that the Chief Minister of Punjab understands that the State Government has its own rights, its own powers and even the Government of India has its own rights. But if the Punjab government doesn't pay attention to the services of the Meghalaya government to these kharmetor, then it's a very difficult matter to think about and perhaps, it shows. That Singh of Punjab wants to overthrow this non-Congress government or perhaps he wants to rule over these brothers and sisters.
The match between the two teams was more fierce and Meghalaya had many chances to score but due to the inability of the players to create chances, they lost the point.
The Trust appoints Doctors, Nurses, ANMs and GNMs and other staff through a contract with the government and the cost comes from the government and its task is to run the PHCs, However, the HYC has received information that the Trust has dismissed about 29 people.
Many children die because the treatment at home is wrong, because many people still follow the old teachings and it is much better to treat poor mothers in hospitals to get treatment and to stop giving birth in homes.
Bandary Ryntathiang said that the party will not hesitate to come forward to demand that the government should release the MNREGA funds, because if the government does not release the funds, it will cause problems. It is urged the village leaders to implement development works in the villages, from the salary of labor and other necessities, besides it will also cause problems even to those day laborers and those who live only from going to the village. Therefore, the union demands that the government should immediately release the money allocated by the central government and if the government does not take action or does not release, Nongpoh: As part of the protest against the MNREGA scheme, the union has sent a letter to the central government urging it to release the funds of the MNREGA scheme. A public meeting was held at Maikhuli village, a border village under Raid Marwet, Ri Bhoi District, yesterday.
Ajmal said the government should create job opportunities, expel Bangladeshi refugees, address the flood problem, repeal the CAA and amend the NRC. and also to the D-voter and to pay T.365 per day, to the farm workers and to pay T.2,000 per month to the women.
He said that through the establishment of the Cooperation Department and the leadership of the Prime Minister, many changes have been brought about in the cooperative activities.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Umdihar village to inaugurate the PRIME Hub. ) and at the same time he inaugurated the Pineapple Processing, or a factory for Sohtrun, which was built inside the village.
If the High Court, which is the highest court in the state, doesn't have confidence, we the people! We understand that the High Court and the judges are not wrong to complain that they no longer trust the state police because they have already looked into the documents and facts.
We have witnessed the desire of all the districts to take part in this tournament and it is also a pleasure after the government has decided to hold it every year,” said Bah John Kharshiing.
On the other hand, the union has met with these companies and even at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, but they have ended up with promises that have not come true.
The Chairman of the Opposition also alleged that the ethnic parties have started turning the job of Rangbah Shnong into politics just to show the world that they are doing something. “It's not about politics, it's about showing the world that they're doing something,” he added.
Shillong, July 27: The MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang today said that the Congress party cannot give tickets to those MDCs of the UDP who come to join the Congress.
Admitting that the North East cannot continue these conflicts, Bah Jemino said that the era of the North East being a place of conflict has ended and thus the The time has come for the area to improve in development.
Shillong, Lber 3: The All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA), a group of ethnic parties including the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to nominate Teilinia Thangkhiew as its new president. Speaking after the meeting of the three parties, Ardent Basaiawmoit, MDC Nongkrem (HSPDP) has appointed the Chairman of the KHADC. The new CEM of KHADC said that the ARPA's appointment of Teilinia was after a thorough discussion between the MDCs of the three parties.
Babitlang Dkhar won the Man of the Match award while Fourth Dkhar won the Best Goalkeeper award.
This site is not suitable and honorable for the Khasi Hills to build a Medical College and Hospital.
However, what about the behavior of leaders which Prof GG Swell also strongly criticized in 1973, “If leadership is destroyed by evil deeds, corruption and power, the strength and determination, programs (neither laws nor policies) no matter how good and constructive they may be, will remain only in writing on paper.
The CEO was accompanied by the District Election Officer, Addl Deputy Commissioner (EL), Assistant Commissioner (I/C Strong Room) and EE of PWD (Building).
The Government has issued a clarification after the KHADC announced the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Rules, 2015 published in Part-IV of the Gazette. For the information of the public, the Government has announced that in accordance with Paragraph XIV of Chapter XIV of the Meghalaya Secretariat, The Gazette (Extra-ordinary) may be published only after obtaining the approval of the Printing and Stationery Department unless this power is specifically released such as in the publication of Acts by the Law Department or other notices of the Assembly Secretariat and Election Department.
She said that the position of Muktiar is an honorable position and can help others by becoming Legal Advisers, Judges in cases and others.
Shillong, Nailur 18: “Don't misunderstand, don't be misled, because the government is forcing us to protest,” said the Vice President of KSU Shillong. The Bharat Construction Program of the Government of Meghalaya has started today at Tynring Football Ground, East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
They said that the contest of the party candidate from Lum Garo will be more difficult and interesting, as the victory will be slow, said Bah JS Lyngdoh.
Sometimes it seemed like people were just moving around, not really thinking about what was going to happen.
“When we gave the management to the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC), the management was good but after three years of handing over to the MTC, the management has deteriorated,” he said.
Plastic bottles were invented and used in 1947, and in the 1950s they were improved and less expensive.
The Shad Pastieh means that the Ryngkaw, after performing the ritual in the kñia ka khriam called the kñia Ryngkaw, if it shows a good sign that it is good, then they will perform this shad pastieh. They shad with a waitlam and a stieh in which they also carried the wait pom blang and after this they went down to their own fields to sow the seeds.
He said that if the Government really brings the Marten to this place, there is no doubt that the Wah Umkhen will turn color and lose its cleanliness and beauty.
In this regard, these arsengs have demanded from the MeECL authorities to come as soon as possible to repair the electricity line which has almost been cut off.
Assam police, who are in Delhi today, posted the order at the door of the MP's residence at Mizoram Bhawan in Delhi.
Shillong: A petrol truck (AS 01FC 2018) collided with a Bolero (ML-05R 7736) at 5 pm this morning. Umsning By Pass.
“Today the people of Nongkrem have sent the name of Bah Shylla and when there is only one candidate, it is the party's rule that he will get the ticket,” said Dr Don. , that the name will be made public soon.
The United States in recent days has ordered the commanders of the two Sudanese troops to allow other countries to evacuate their people and so has the US. It has urged these officials to stop the fighting for about 72 hours.
He said that at NEIGRIHMS, there are currently 13 cases of Covid-19 including 2 cases who tested positive today.
Babar, who has moved up to third in the new rankings, will have many opportunities to fill the vacancy when his Pakistan team plays. against New Zealand in the T20Is on Saturday.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today announced that he has handed over a grant of Rs 6.4 crore for the repair and improvement of old water pipes and water wells. in Mawlai constituency.
The offer to sell these cows at a high price has upset the members and leaders of the meat cutters association and they arrested him and took him to Jowai Police Station.
The incident happened on the second day of this month after the four men had finished eating dinner on the 4th of this month.
This shows that they are complicit with people involved in corruption and with corruption," she said.
It is estimated that the distance from the road to the place where the truck fell is about 100 feet.
Shillong, July 14: The Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Agriculture Department, on Tuesday informed the public, especially the unemployed youth, that there is no office in connection with the Government of Meghalaya. of NACS Ltd.
Shillong: Manipur and Mizoram won bronze medals in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 held at the MFA Polo Ground on Tuesday.
Girls Higher Secondary School and Marian Hill Higher Secondary School.
:The Khasi song “Shaei ngan Phai” has been released on the 16th of November
Raju Singh, the owner of the sheep, said he did not know the reason for the price hike, but when he asked the Muslims, they said that the price hike was high. It is because he has the number 786 on his body, which is highly valued by Muslims, especially those living in India.
Therefore, the SNSBH urges all the Rangbah/Nongsynshar Shnongs who have received the new Sanad to perform their duties without hesitation.
On the other hand, the longkmie strongly condemn the SRT for its intention to completely change the system of giving jait to the mother who has been consecrated and suit la shor since ancient times.
“When the Khasi Himas joined India by signing the IOA&AA, they were promised that the land of these Himas would be protected in the Constitution of India.
We would like to urge the residents of Mawlaingut and surrounding areas to file a complaint in the High Court against the illegal construction of this road.
Kwai, which is an agricultural crop, has been planted for hundreds of years but in recent years it has begun to die.
He said that one of the contractors, Kong Mercy Syiem, has not yet completed the cleaning and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people. They came because they had to walk on a rough road and a narrow road.
“They also discussed the loss caused by the poor collection of fire fees, and how to improve it,” he said.
Kong B.Mawlong-Executive Member (Female).
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today launched the Mobile Ex-Service Contributory Health Scheme Polyclinic for Tura at the Rhino Training Center in Shillong.
When asked whether the government will close down such schools with less than 10 students, the Minister of Education said, “The closure of such schools is not the only way to “It is a matter of concern that there are too few children enrolled in Primary Schools and Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya”.
Shillong: A 13-year-old girl has died when her house collapsed at Sohkynduh village in Sohra district on Saturday.
In addition, it will also cause changes in the weather.
In the midst of the struggle to fulfill the promises, it was clear that the Congress party has worked hard and fought hard to fulfill the promises made during the elections.
“The Church has suffered a sad loss in the loss of one of the leaders of the Church, Rev. Dr. Iarington Kharkongor,” said Tbn.Dr.C.R.Cajee.
If there is a second coming, then there is also a single coming or a first coming.
“The District & Session Courts/Judges are established in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India.
He said that the invitation of other Sirdirships besides Saitsohpen is because many of the Sirdirships used to fall under the land of the British Government and if the government forcibly occupies the land in Saitsohpen there is also a risk that other places will be affected by the Saitsohpen floods later.
He recalled that there is a small paid community of Nayars in Kerala who used to give Schedule Tribe to their mother and later they changed their jait to their father. people who have grown in every way.
Here, I have to say that people-first development and inclusive development is the foundation of our democratic journey.
We request you all to pray for us on this day.
The new date will be announced later, said a statement from Carmell Manner, Secretary of the Raid Mukertilla Boat Rowing Competition.
Replying to a question, Prestone said that the police arrest only those robbers who are involved in crimes.
The question is why the Central Election Committee of Umsning Town Dorbar does not respect the laws and acts of KHADC? Is your decision higher than the KHADC's decision? Do they not know about these announcements of the District Council or do they want to fight against them? On the other hand, the union strongly condemns the issuance of NOCs by the Rangbah Shnongs to foreigners, especially to a foreigner after he He received his Permanent Residential Certificate from the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Patarim on 6/ Feb/2021. Within two months, he became so angry and angry that he dared to touch and assault a Khasi woman.
He said that if there is a match between Shillong and another team, if he doesn't announce that Shillong will win, people can attack and announce him too.
Lary Kordor Kharkhrang, Member of Ri-Bhoi Water Sports & Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd., said that 25 foreign sailors have come to take part in the festival. Meghalaya has 3 candidates in the professional category and 8 candidates in the intermediate category.
The three villages affected by the disaster include Sohlait, Lawse and Tynrong Wahladew. (HANM), has met with the authorities in charge of the electricity distribution department to take action against the sudden increase in the electricity bill in these villages.
These three MDCs were with the party when they were discussing how to dissolve the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngaiñ and the day before the dorbar they resigned from the PDF. On the opening day of the dorbar, Bah Adelbert Nongrum turned from the opposition to the absence of the opposition immediately after the CEM's resolution on Rules 128, although on the same night, the KHNAM decided to remain in the opposition. .
Besides RERAM and PNAR Bull, NCC children from Rama Krishna Mission also took part.
He said that when he was president of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and before parting with the old and new century, there was a meeting in front of the YMCA. Pastors, businessmen and civil society groups were invited to the meeting. The theme of the meeting was “Right to the New Millennium”.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Neru said that the constituency where the Symbud Myntri Rangbah is far behind in terms of what the farmers expect from him as the leader of the region.
The quarter final of the tournament will start on the 20th of November between Wasa United and Dieñshynrum CSA United.
Ialinda's husband, Donald Lyngdoh Nongbri, together with her youngest daughter, said that every time the Dkhar came, Ialinda used to buy tiar from him until her husband and daughter were killed. The youngest child said that he just asked for something and she burned her soul. They said that they used to tell her mother not to buy anything and not to buy anything. beh beit but you don't listen.
Shillong, Lber 29: The FKJGP Seng Kmie in a statement issued today said that it fully supports the protest of the KSU to close down the polling station at the office of the FKJGP. Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
The Eastern Zone includes all the states of the North East, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha and Chattisgarh.
This road is also a road implemented under the PMGSY scheme. The question of many churches is who will be blamed when this road is dangerous and like a cremation or a death trap. .
However, they did not want to reveal whether they will hand over to the government.
As mentioned earlier, in Thangbuli, Jaraiñ and Nongtalang, this 'Thangbahula' no longer exists.
The tender committee of the department has awarded the contract to M/s Rishan Rapsang at a cost of T.21.67 crore for the implementation of the project.
It is not pleasant to accept the give and take principle.
This reporter walked around the market and saw that there were shops with price signs and some without signs in front of the shops.
Manish scored 6/50 in 36 overs while Abhishek Kumar scored 3/44 in 28 overs.
In the incident on the evening of 30th November, in connection with the attempt of a foreigner to rob a woman in Sohra area, it was said that the foreigner did not intend to rape her. “He tried to steal by dragging the woman under the road below NIT, Sohra and tried to kill her and loot her bag,” she said. ejahar didn't give it to me.
Meanwhile, Bah Pius Marwein said that this is a memorable day in the area and as health is precious, the opening of this hospital will bring benefits and blessings especially to the poor. who are not able to attend private health facilities outside the district and state.
He said that Meghalaya has always been a platform for sports talent, and their recent entry into the final of the Santosh Trophy shows the achievements of our sportsmen.
Therefore, in this regard, the VPP demands that NEHU and the state government should not base the college admission of students on CUET, but that the college admission should be based on the They have passed Grade
Meghalaya is a failed state.
This shows that the government has not cared for the people of the district despite the opposition to the coke factories in the district.
At present, even to pass, even small vehicles have to stop one after another.
Many of those who intend to enter politics have also urged the leaders of political parties to get tickets.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Forty-five students were arrested by the police while drinking alcohol at Nan Polok.
In the first place, Anthony's Higher Sec.School won the first prize.
As a benefit to these officers, Bah Paul said that the State Government has approved the proposal to pay tuition fees for the programs up to T .15 lakh for example, officers should have 7 years in service, should take this course as part time without any leave of absence and manla Up to 3 Officers per year will be trained and will be funded by the Government.
The Forest Department of the State Government has already issued a certificate that the Star Cement quarry at Brishyrnot does not fall under the forest area recently.
He said that although the state government has passed a law to protect MLAs from being nominated, the High Court in its judgment has judged the eight MLAs.
,they are the kings and political leaders.
Shillong: Mariahom Kharkrang, BJP candidate, has won the North Shillong constituency with 2271 votes while UDP candidate Dr Aman War has come second with 875 votes. Ransom Sutnga of the NPP received 605 votes, Adelbert Nongrum of the VPP received 523 votes and other candidates.
Everyone was gone except the father who was helping in the house of the deceased.
“The appointment of supervisors and the construction of health facilities are two parts of the vision to strengthen the health sector in the state.
The total number of recoveries is 10,074, with 104 deaths.
“If you give a jait to your father or brother, they will be considered children or children because they take jait from your father. They should bring what way they have if they say they have the right to take the lineage from their father not to disturb the whole nation because their own behavior will disturb the nation if it doesn't disturb bring it to us and later, if it is enough, there may be another law for them.
“We need to be prepared and take the job seriously and I want all the party candidates to go to the election with preparation and not just to appear without a serious mindset to serve them. people," said Conrad.
“In 2018, there were 228 incidents related to terrorism, 153 in 2019, 126 in 2020, 129 in 2021, 125 in and 30 by 31st November, 2023,” said Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Nityanand Rai in his reply.
The HNLC also strongly condemned the police for arresting youths without any evidence especially those who live in the border areas and did not forgive even the sumo driver.
The number of Muslims was 1.6 billion in 2010, compared to 2.17 billion Christians in the same year.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that it took about three days for the vehicle carrying these piglets to reach the state and for this reason some of them died on the way.
Lathadlaboh Waheh Shnong ABM Shullai in a statement urged the candidates and parties to follow the rules of the Model Code of Conduct of the Election Commission of India (ECI).
“In uniform, the police are directly responsible for collecting the slips and announcing the names of the winners.
Finally, my fellow countrymen, I have a little to say to you, wisdom, vision, intelligence and true understanding will be found and revealed to me by you patriots whether we are rich or poor. head.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in the last Budget Session, said that the government has set a target to make the state a billion dollars is a dream come true.
The goal lasted until the end of the first half as Meghalaya could not respond.
There are 22 Post Graduate Science candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 321 candidates remained unemployed as of 31st November
What a blessing it would be if the necessities could be provided at all times as were provided for these once-in-a-lifetime activities.
When they don't get it, they start threatening to use forty kinds of words and they are willing to rob others just to get money.
Another issue he raised was the collapse of the dome in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. of Uttar Pradesh, to Uttar Pradesh Manufacturing Corporation Ltd.
At the same time, it has vowed to intensify its attacks on Ukraine while Ukraine itself has not been able to accept and surrender.
Manoj Pande, PVSM AVSM VSM ADC, Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Aroop Biswas, Minister in-Charge for Youth Services and Sports, Housing and Power, Government of West Bengal and Lt.Gen.
“We live in this age of technology where through the use of the internet we get a lot of information,” said Ms Manner and added that the school administration will use the website to distribute education to the students. school through this website during this time of affected and vulnerable people in the fight against COVID-1
To commemorate the 10th anniversary of the death of Hoping, the memorial service will be held at Nongstoin and Mawkyllei. his.
For this purpose, the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) has also installed visible guards instead of the jars.
Chairman of the Committee Sniawbhalang Dhar, speaking to media after the meeting, said that this is the first meeting according to the new announcement of the state government.
He said that the cooperation of the State Government is needed to curb any illegal activities.
Because of my turn, Panah sent for him to eat.
The celebration was held at the ground floor of the school in the presence of MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State and MDC Executive Member Martle N Mukhim, BDO LT Tariang, Principal of the school Dapynhun Pale. students, and residents.
“If it were others, they wouldn't believe anything and they would say what they don't see,” said Rikynti. “I think the cost of travel, education, food and others is right. said Hiram, and sat down in a place where there were many trees.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Automobile District Council, Bah Titos W Chyne, today met with the employees of MCCL to encourage them in the strike.
Two policemen were also injured in the incident.
On the weekend, NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang and UDP candidate Synshar Lyngdoh held a public meeting on the other side of the road at Mawtap, Sohiong.
The government has also imposed penalties on those who violate the rules and regulations laid down to prevent the spread of the disease.
According to reports, about seven cows have been killed and it is suspected that these cows have been killed by the enemy. A chemical called Formaldehyde Solution was found in the house.
Shillong, July 28: Two members of the Achik Songna Anpachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) rebel group have been arrested from Nogapara near Mikdangra in Garo Hills.
Let’s see if the people want to have foreigners or are against it.
You know better than to take care of the environment.
The opening of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) office is part of the party's efforts to strengthen the 2023 elections.
The manufacturer of this medicine is from Bengal and so he named it, after his own village, 'Mekhaloi', a medicine that covers all the ethnic groups to calm the Hynniewtrep people.
Perhaps your friend just called but you didn't know the secret trick in him. "It's my mother," Peter agreed. "It's 11 o'clock," said the mother. From that day on, which was the day of Tuesday and the month of June, Peter's behavior became different. you shall go out at night.
He said the Modi Government has also improved the quality of life in the North East.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and the village leaders of Narpuh area have given 7 days to repair the National Highway 6 from Mynkre to Malidor.
“As the MLA of the area, I don't sleep sleepless nights to bring about development works for the people, from various roads that have already been constructed especially the completion of the UG Road from Umsning to Sonidan, Eklavya Model School. Residential Schools and others,” said Bah Dasakhiat.
“In the Legislative Assembly, we have already made it clear that we will not fight against this and I will take action, but it may be that they have just urged people to come and do the RTPCR. test, but I don't want to say anything yet because I haven't seen the announcement".
Regarding this news, the reporter tried to get information from the people working in these dewbilat mining companies in Lumshnong, but many of them did not dare to tell and are afraid of being punished.
He has held various positions within the Congress party, has been the Treasurer of the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee and Chairman of the Kerala State Seva Dal Board and has been an elected member of the AICC for many years.
No, Never to cash for Vote. Say No, Never to cash for Vote.
Miller was in contact with Hope Hicks before she contracted the disease.
Their introduction of gambling activities in this state has shown what this government wants for our state.
It has been directed to conduct operations to monitor the installations or signs that should be used for the implementation of the operational procedures.
The crew included 50 Frenchmen, 24 Burkinabe, 8 Lebanese, 4 Algerians, 2 Luxembourgers, 1 Belgian and Switzerland. , Nigeria, Cameroon, Ukraine, and Romania.
“We have decided not to accept this Temporary Recruitment.
From the North East, only two states, Assam and Meghalaya, including Aiti Belti Trattoria from Shillong and Khorikaa Restaurant from Guwahati, have been awarded.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The total number of voters in the 1-Nartiang Assembly Constituency for the 2023 Election is 44,3
Earlier, they had been killed and tortured, in which they had to be separated by their neighbours.
The income of the state is measured by the per capita income per year, which is calculated by dividing it by the income of the state and the population of the state.
The UP health department has confirmed 66 new cases of covid-19 in Ayodhya today alone.
The HNYF, East Khasi Hills on Tuesday gave 10 days to the KHADC to close down 18 revenue collection gates allegedly operating illegally.
“India is home to many ethnic groups, religions, languages ​​and ethnic groups, but the proposal to change the name of India to Bharat has to do with “It is one of the goals of the RSS to force the BJP government to comply and the behavior of the BJP government cannot be said to be against the Hindus,” said Lambokstarwell.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the 12 new cases include 10 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from West Garo Hills.
“Only the Congress can fight against the BJP in the central government and this is a great opportunity to turn the people of the country away from the violence of the BJP,” said Marak.
The Ministry of Agriculture should find new ways and means to develop farmers, agriculture, with crops that are not available in this area, not to introduce foreign crops that have been introduced. the other plants that grew from this place and also the soil.
Sending his condolences to the family members of Bah Lankupar Sawkmie, the President of the CoRP, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the RBYF is deeply saddened by the passing away of Bah Lankupar Sawkmie. Suddenly, this leader and the party said that it is a great loss to Ri Bhoi especially where this young leader as a leader has contributed a lot for the welfare and development of the people in Ri Bhoi. Ri Bhoi District.
Nongpoh: The Additional District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, today issued a section 144 CrPC in the district to warn coal trucks not to pass illegally on the Nongpoh-Umden-Byrnihat road. road, Umrit-Umling and Mairang-Ranibari roads.
According to the information received today, the area of ​​the plot no.1 is 510.5 sq meter or 5449.68 sq ft. The area of ​​plot no.2 is 7793 sq meter or 227189.6 sq ft.
He was born in East Khasi Hills.
He said that Jowai does not have street lights and CCTV cameras to ensure the safety of the people.
After completing the suit, the choor left Yung Langdoh together with the Kymphui and walked along the road from Khloo Blai to the field to clean the siej placed along the road and prayed thanksgiving before going to the pond. um Judge.
“This Act has been in force since 2005 and there is no conflict with the provisions of the Constitution,” he said.
“We are delighted that the BFI and the MBA have worked together to organize this tournament.
“I hope that good signs will appear in these days,” he said.
Shillong, July 12: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma today denied that there was any agreement with the BJP and UDP not to field candidates from South Shillong and Mairang constituencies.
We cannot fight corruption if we don't have a clean, fair and efficient Government, we can't ignore corruption if the people are still stingy and stupid in the government. when they elected their leaders.
Oriwel Shullai, father of Ma Chaphrang Hiwot Passah, resident of Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu, has passed away. Oriwel Shullai passed away on 4th November 2023. He is survived by his wife Duwankless Passah, sons Chaphrang Hiwot Passah, Kaiman Hiwot Passah, Andrew Passah, Susalan Passah, Deioosar Passah and Rupaya Passah.
At present, the MDA 2 government is ready to resolve with Assam the remaining areas of the border demarcation.
This road is about 700 meters long from the main road.
The committee for Garo Hills District will be headed by James Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Jowai, Naitung 14: The annual Behdeiñkhlam Festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai today (Muchai) has come to an end with the participation of the children of the Raij Jowai. bad you put you tem.
In a statement issued by Active Pator, the President expressed his anger at the silence of Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to stir up the voice and desire of the people to implement the Inner Line Permit. State.
He added that the Ministry of Agriculture should ensure that the price of synsar should not fall from 100 to 100 rupees per kilo.
I don't know where the money is and according to the RTI we have received, it is clear that Bah Shangpliang has already withdrawn the money,” she said.
The reason for the emergence of such leaders is the stupidity, corruption, corruption, and destruction of the people who follow them.
Shillong: Mawkhar SC beat Nongsohphoh SC 9-0 in the SSA U-14 Football Tournament on Saturday at Polo Ground.
Police Observer, Ranjit Kumar Mishra, IPS, who is in charge of all constituencies in Ri Bhoi, can call 7005772049 and Expenditure Observer, Ashish Kumar, IRS. 6009610360 and Ashish Kumar Pandey to oversee the 8-Mawhati AC, 9-Nongpoh AC and 10-Jirang AC.
The KNGCSU Students' Union (KNGCSU) has strongly criticized the Deputy Chief Minister of the State Government, Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is concerned about the plight of the Kiang Nangbah Government College Students (KNGC) only in public.
In West Jaintia Hills, one case is high risk and in East Garo Hills, there is one case.
If the Government of India wants to learn Hindi, how can it write in China, US, UK, Japan etc.?
“I don't think I'm soft for any party, but I think as a small state with a small population, we should work together for public interest and not for private interests, so that the question relating to leniency or rigidity does not exist at all.
Jaypee Meghalaya Pvt Limited, New Delhi has said that it cannot continue the project due to the availability of uranium in the area.
You can see that this is the Temple of God because there is the ark of the covenant.
Shillong, Nailur, 24: The SymphoNE was the opening ceremony of the North Eastern Region's Development Conference with the participation of policy makers involved in this issue and those who can change their minds. people's views to promote tourism in the North East.
Replying to the decision, CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury said, “Does this mean that every Indian is a murderer? This decision of the Government of India is illegal and violates human rights”.
Due to the absence of the Chief Minister's call for a meeting even after the end of the working hours of the Government offices, the teachers have decided to stay at this place until the Government announces that the issues have been met. demand.
Now exactly what is happening as the government announces to curb the rapid spread of the disease many do not believe, and thirty kinds of allegations.
They also demanded that when the organizers conduct such programmes, they should no longer use Cherra Punjee and should write in Sohra and if they want to write in Cherrapunjee, they can write in Cherrapunjee. write in brackets, because many foreigners know Sohra as Cherrapunjee.
However, the helicopter crashed in the mountains amid bad weather.
Lalrosama said he did not attend the meeting himself, but on the orders of the state government.
After the meeting, an HIV/STI screening was conducted to test whether the person is HIV positive.
Basketball Secretary: Memento Paswet.
He said that the tourist destination is very useful as it is located between Tripura, Assam and Manipur.
Sohra and Mawsynram are the two places with the highest rainfall in the world , according to the Meteorological Department This year, the rainfall was the highest in Sohra, and it was said to be the highest rainfall in the world.
Similarly, in the District Selection Committee, not a single one of the 17 seats for Surveillance Officers has been allocated to SCs or even to those in the General List.
He also wrote about the Khasi religion.
Shillong is expected to experience heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours and there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of the state, the statement said.
On the same day, the party welcomed the new members of the Congress party and on the same day, the people who have donated to the party because they have set a goal. The Congress does not need to contest elections with the power of money.
“These Rangbah Leaders entered the classroom of the children and threw these books on the ground by kicking the benches and chairs.
The story is about brotherhood, peace among human beings and mutual respect.
Many villages have received services from this road but they are the most poor villages in the area due to the backwardness of the village especially the lack of access to a good road for 24 years due to negligence. government.
It's a shisha, and it's a long spirit.
In these areas which have been declared as Containment Zones, people are prohibited from visiting these areas, except for health workers and people who deliver them. necessary goods, that is, through obtaining permission from the government authorities.
In an interview with Rupang, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, General Secretary of the Hill's Farmer's Union, West Khasi Hills District, said that the problems faced by the farmers in West Khasi Hills District.
Although the residents of this village are in a state of misunderstanding because of the conflict between the two Himas; On the other hand, the Sordar of the village, Bah JB Nonglang, urged the residents of the village to be united and suggested that those who wish to join the Syiem or the The Sirdar can leave, but they should not fight each other because the matter is not clear and is still in the middle of confusion and the people have also agreed to the request of the Sordar. .
Furthermore, to protect the rights of minorities who have been discriminated against in all aspects.
Nongpoh: A day after the Jirang MLA called upon all the village leaders of Jirang area and especially those on the border with Assam, to discuss the problems of the people and especially to discuss the Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA, said that as an MLA, he is deeply concerned about this threat to the people and has taken measures to prevent the spread of COVID-1 and also to address the problems of the people.
This was announced by Bah M.Kharkrang, IPS, Shillong.
Bapli was seriously injured and he was still coming to buy money from the market,” said the father. “That's why I, my son, you went to the city.
The Best Team in the Under-14 men's category was won by KB Memorial Secondary School which won two gold, two silver and two bronze medals.
The case will be heard again on the 14th of this month.
You don't have jyrwit jyrwat but I feel that you are the ones who produce jyrwit jyrwat when you don't have jyrwit jyrwat"
Admitting that the distribution of the scheme is to all the residents who are entitled to receive it regardless of whether they are supporters or not, Bah Samlin said that according to the figures received, there are only 6400 households who support the scheme. u in the last election.
Therefore, the union, when it found out, warned in the presence of the villagers and the company dismissed them.
Pala was first elected as MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat in 2009 and won the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and
He said that the state is still low in chicken production and there are only 51 lakh chickens according to the census and the state is still low by 40%.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Lapang, expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative and ability of the Raid Marmain leaders to set up a market in this area, because through this market it will enable the people in this area. a region where they are improving in various ways, especially when it comes to the economy.
However, although it is a very inexpensive jain, it has a great and expensive value, because it is in the jainkyrshah that the Khasi women are given the honor to escape the rain and defeat at home. don't be on the road.
He said that the brother of Bah Samlin had spread a picture of himself at a meeting in Rangshken when he was explaining the allegation .
Since March this year, before the lockdown in the country, the Central Government has increased the excise duty on petrol to Rs 13 per liter and diesel to Rs 16 per liter. the liter.
Furthermore, the village has many Bachelor degree graduates, few Master degree graduates, MBBA MCA graduates. There is a villager named Norbertstar. Marngar, who has received the District and State Award for teaching and one of the actresses, Kong Aibiang Marngar, for the films 'Tang bad phi' and 'u Mawnongrim'
The witnesses informed the Lad-Rymbai Police Outpost who immediately rushed to the scene to take the body to Khliehriat CHC.
According to sources, Bah Robinshai Rani and two of his friends had gone to the Umiam River to catch fish. Sparlan Thyrniang, a close friend of mine, and Robinshai Rani, who was a close friend, stood below.
According to a statement issued by the SP of East Khasi Hills, Kong Sawian has lodged a complaint with the police that at 11 pm, several people came to her house in a car. in Mawroh and injured the workers by accusing them of being foreigners.
We see that the morality and dignity of other nations has declined in these days.
He said the presence of the police brings peace but at the same time brings a sense of security to the people and this depends on the situation.
“I'm going to hear the voice of Rangbah, Mei.
God is still allowing a few people to turn to Him because He knows that if the Jews are allowed to build the Temple, the remaining 70 weeks will begin, as told to Daniel. 9:24-27.
The incident happened on Tuesday at about 10 pm when the child who was about to go to the toilet was forcibly thrown into the toilet by Roshan who repairs the light toilet of the school, but fortunately she did not. There is no tragic incident for this child due to the struggle of her fellow students to rescue her from the tyrsim of this thief.
They work to divide us by throwing shrip.
Shortly after the visit of the Prime Minister to Mawlynnong, Rupang spoke to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynnong. It has been about half a month, and from the discussion it is understood that there have been preparations to welcome the arrival of the Prime Minister, but the Tangbah Shnong said that the Prime Minister has been too quick and has spent only about 20 minutes in Mawlynnong, and said he would come to spend more time another day.
The Working President said he would inform the higher authorities soon if the implementation of 144CrPc continues.
When inquired, Bah Chyne said that the collapse of the garbage dump in Marten has been going on since 2008-2
On the other hand, Mr. Pde congratulated all those who took part in the planting of these 120 trees including Samplings Champa, Puma and others.
The registration fee is Rs 20 for individuals and Rs 100 for teams.
However, Meghalaya has turned around to create opportunities to improve the livelihoods of its citizens from trade, transportation and health as well.
But you said.
WJH SP Bikram D Marak said that police have registered a case on the incident and the search for the arrest is ongoing.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that it is their right to protest but they should have informed the Council first so that they can think.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 9: The construction of the 10.5 km road from Mawphanlur to Mawthdaraishan Hills has been going on for more than two months.
On the other hand, the village leaders in their speech today said that the Assam Police Battalion has started seizing commercial vehicles including vehicles carrying food and beverages and taking money from them. The Assam police have started patrolling Khanduli village.
Shillong, July 12: The election, which was held in the House, was conducted by the KHADC officials. Shillong, July 12: Today at 9 pm, the election was conducted by the KHADC. The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has raided a house in Nongthymmai, Shillong.
Parents should also encourage their children in education and to be like intellectuals.
Besides the lack of 24 hour doctors in the hospital, it was also observed that the government has not provided medicines and all the necessities to the hospitals in the rural areas.
A vehicle carrying 28 patients to the village of La Linea de la Concepcion, near Gibraltar, Spain, was reportedly transported to the hospital. was used separately.
Stressing on the need to strengthen the infrastructure to increase electricity generation in the State, Conrad said, “Solar energy generation will be one of the ways but this will become more difficult”. .
He said that as leaders they find it difficult because the residents do not always ask for the needs of the villages, but they ask for the demands in their own work, and this makes it difficult for the people's leaders to bring about development projects. right dong that shenat.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the new Covid-19 virus - EG.5 or 'Eris' as one of the viruses from the family of viruses. SARS-CoV-2 and said the virus has spread around the world at this time, including in India.
“The Hima Langrin is rich in coal, mawshun and the production is in the billions of rupees per annum but there is no count,” said Paiem Baldwister.
On the other hand, the government and the Deputy Commissioner should take as a warning from these two orders so that they do not put the people in confusion.
Shillong, Naitung 1: A youth from Mawlai Syllaikariah, Shillong has lodged a complaint with the Mairang PS on July 27, 2013 at 7 pm. a man known as Macdonald Wahlang.
The government has already released the budget in the last session only until the 30th of July.
However, after receiving permission from the hospital to leave, the doctors have been able to cure him, they have had to pay back the cost of treatment. up to T.75 thousand.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the village, Jewellson Rymbai, said that the village has been neglected by the government in many ways. and many of them are almost ill or injured and cause injury to children.
not at all.
Shillong: Twenty-eight new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in the state today.
“It's better that you prepare tomorrow's meal in advance, son, so that you can eat early in the morning,” said the mother to Kynsai, who was eating a water melon.
The BJP leaders feel that this song is suitable for them to use in their election campaign across the villages.
SOME WAYS THAT AFFECT THE BRAINSOME WAYS YOU CAN TAKE ACTION TO REDUCE STRESS AND HELP TO TREATMENT THE DISEASE. growth rate in Gujarat and thus, they have adopted one strategy and that is to perform puja.
The State authorities shall not interfere or impose the wishes of educational institutions to mandatorily join the State University which they wish to join. state government.
“They have gone to work,” replied Santa. “Oh, they have worked,” asked Rep (Banri's mother). “Yes, that last one is less than ten years old,” said Santa.
After that, the Constitution of India was prepared to be drafted through the Constituent Assembly of New Delhi.
This answer shows that there are no MDC Congress candidates who have applied for the post of CEM in KHADC. Shillong, November 11: Preparations for the Synod The KJP Eastern Synod will be held from 13th to 16th October 2014 at Mynso Presbyterian Church, West Jaintia Hills.
The prize money for the tournament is T.1,00,000 and the entry fee is T.5,0
First of all, when it comes to the villages under the Raid Nongtung, which are known as the border villages in Block-II, from Khlieh Umwang to Madan Umwang, Sabuda, Jatalong and so on to Umlaper and Ummat, The Assam government has improved the most important roads in these villages, but the Meghalaya government has received only minor schemes. The same has been true of the border villages from Khanapara to Umtyrnga, which falls under the Raid Marwet. The difference between the villages on the Assam side and Meghalaya is very different, because those villages on the Assam side have adequate roads, while those villages on the Assam side have adequate roads. The roads in Meghalaya, Maikhuli and Barapathar are also in Pillangkata, Maikhuli and Barapathar villages, where the roads in these border villages have been badly damaged. It is not known why these villages on the border do not have adequate roads.
The Minister said that the Expert Committee has been appointed to submit its report to the State Government within 12 months.
Shillong, July 11: Sohra MLA Titostar Well Chyne has urged the government to create mechanisms to provide assistance to the people of Sohra area who have been severely affected by the National Coal Mining Ban. Green Tribunal (NGT).
The final match between the two teams was very interesting and exciting.
Those who attended the rally included Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Plielad Tiewsoh, President of Umsning Block Congress Committee. Committee and other Congress leaders in Ri-Bhoi.
“Those small tissues around the blood vessels can be the source of the risk of a-fib and the disease can occur again,” Rabbat added.
In 2016, it was these urban areas that gave Trump victory, but these same voters supported the Democrats in the 2018 elections.
Ernest also requested the MDA government, which led the NPP party in the state, to express its gratitude to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for providing many schemes. to the state.
The remaining $124 million will be supported by the federal government, state governments and banks.
Blashan Kharbyngar, who was driving the bus, said that the bus collided with a nar fence at Dhankheti after the driver could not do anything about the steering of the vehicle. walk on the road.
Shillong: Nine hundred athletes including officials under the banner of the Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) have been disqualified from playing due to lack of Aadhaar cards.
He said that according to the CEO of GVK EMRI, this is due to the shortage of vehicles to serve the people in the state.
Of the 17 former Congress MLAs who left the party and joined other parties before the elections, only nine have won again.
The Forum also said that the charges against Fr. Stan Swamy by the Pune police under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, 1967 (UAPA) are merely defamatory.
This is according to a statement sent by the Secretary of MCWOS, Bah B.Kynter.
The cleaning of the streets, the ability to collect plastic and the ability to throw garbage along the road and the placement of flower pots along the road, has greatly improved the villages.
In this regard, the Umjajew Village Council has expressed its gratitude to the MLA of the area for taking the initiative to achieve these goals of the village. many parts of the village need from time to time.
Shillong: St. Xavier's Umoid School, Mawkyrwat is one of the schools in Meghalaya where female students wear traditional uniform every Tuesday. the day of the wedding.
Avoid reusing plastic bags used in the previous season to prevent the spread of insects.
L.Syiemlieh, Rtd.DSEO Nongstoiñ as the special guest, Principals, teachers, students and others who came to celebrate this special day of teachers.
“It is true that the incumbent MLA is a competent person in his work but as Mawkyrwat is the district headquarters, elect a competent person and that is Bah Stelin Diengdoh,” he said. said Prestone.
At the same time, he said that the slaughter of cows per month in Shillong is not less than 800 cows and about 1300 cows in the state as a whole per month.
This was announced by the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Tuesday in the Budget Session.
Instead of writing 'B', write 'V', instead of 'K', write 'C'
The only rule that prohibits government employees from participating in political activities or associating with political parties is the Service Rule (Conduct) 2019, which prohibits government employees from associating with political parties.
“When the farmers are poor, it means that the market is low, when the price of agricultural products drops, even the children do not reach the market because the parents do not have money, this is the responsibility of the I and I talk to the government officials in the districts and blocks and I tell them to open the doors for our farmers and without the government officials we cannot bring We also talk to the government and send letters to the Minister of Agriculture to ask to increase the allocation of funds for agriculture so that through This will reach the districts and blocks and will be a blessing to the farmers, but sadly many farmers when they go to the agriculture departments to ask for seeds they say that the department does not have money, of course we can't say because we have faced the covid-19 virus in the past years, it has been very difficult and shocking,” said Bah A.Kharsyntiew.
His first wife, Allegra Mostyn-Owen, was a fellow student at Oxford University and they were born in 1987, but they divorced in 1993 and in the same year, I sat down with Wheeler.
The MPCC President said that as the President of the party it is his duty to inform the High Command after receiving any complaint.
On the other hand, the President of AMDA promised to try to produce youth through Meghalaya Superstar to the national level of India.
We have to wait and see what the High Court judges will decide in these days – whether to hand over to the CBI to investigate illegal activities related to coal or to others.
His strong and strong way of thinking goes hand in hand with the newness of the past and the coexistence of the Khasi Khara in harmony with nature.
Likewise, the government should listen to the complaints of the farmers who come out from time to time when they sell their crops, because there is no sufficient price in the market. In order to improve the income of the farmers, the government should also ban the import of agricultural products from outside the state and pay special attention to the agricultural products produced by the people in the state.
The 23 teams that participated in the tournament include Mawkma YC, Nongthymmai (Jr), LSC, MYSCA, Synroplang United, Mawsahew United, Nongsteng SCX, SS Mawkis Yiem, Ritiang United, Wahkaliar FC, SSK (B), CPYC, MYC (B), SS Mawmluh, Nong-rim SC, Turshaphrang FC, 16 Bro's, SSK (C), Laityra (Jr), United FC,.
One day his disciples said to him, “Explain to us the parable of the weeds in the field.”
Conrad also informed that with this appointment as State President, Prestone has been relieved of his post in the National Committee.
Sonidawan is a student of Khasi Honors 2nd Semester at Thomas Jones Synod College.
In the presence of office bearers of UCCH PM Poshan Meghalaya Shillong, Adviser KL Pariat, President Banalis Syiem, Assistant Secretary Charles Shongwan and other senior office bearers of the Central Body were present.
After the incident in Tura on the night of 24th November, there were demands for the transfer of Rathore.
Phrang said the government is trying to find ways to get shelter homes for the elderly.
Bah Robinus said that the income for the people is the coal mining industry in the state and his wish is that the coal mining industry should go smoothly so that the people can survive.
Admitstar Marweiñ, father of three children, said that his wife, Kong Delphina Pariong, had gone to harvest tit on the 20th of this month. she cooked it again this morning.
They are among some of the foods that can provide help on the ability to lose weight and smarten the body.
The renovation of the MCCL is necessary as the government factory is very old and needs to be strengthened.
Guwahati: A group of Christian churches in Assam under the auspices of the Assam Christian Forum (ACF) have protested against the decision of the Assam Cabinet to ban medical treatment in the state. which they said violated the constitution and the rights of Christians.
EJH lost all wickets for 84 runs in 22.2 overs, while Nishikania Sinha scored the most runs for 34 runs.
Sharad Pawar, 82, was deeply affected by his cousin's opposition, and said his decision was well thought out.
On the other hand, the union has found that people from Assam have been able to come to the markets to enter the ATMs in Bhoirymbong, Umroi and this has created a serious threat to the people like these. The disease has spread rapidly across the state.
The talks on communalism between the Modi and Amit Shah governments in Delhi have also left no one willing to believe that churches are no longer places of worship.
In the U-18 match against SAI Guwahati at the MFA Ground, Lajong beat SAI Guwahati 1-0
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Diengpasoh Women's Wing said that the Women's Wing and the areas of Diengpasoh, Umsawli, Mawlong and surrounding villages give their full support to the protest. you can't apot.
“You have been treated unfairly,” he said at the meeting.
He said that the Learning Kits have already been distributed to 50 Aganwadi Centers in the district and the Model Aganwadi Centers will be selected from these Centres. The working methods of the centers will be reviewed.
I also acknowledge that it is not their disrespect, either to the Governor of the State or to the language 'Hindi', which the Governor of the State has taken advantage of to use separately in the Legislative Assembly. Your state is Meghalaya.
Through this joining of these leaders from other parties, it has strengthened the party and encouraged them as party workers to continue to work hard for the victory of the candidate in the upcoming elections. , added Ma Ngaitlang.
For more information, please call 8974915622, 7085719867, 8014171485, 8258896226, and
Regarding the election of Rangbah Shnong, they said that this should not fall under the State Election Commission, but should be done through the Districts. Speak again on the 26th of this month.
The public awareness campaign was held at Iawthymmei, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai under the leadership of Officer Incharge Jowai Police Station S Mannar.
Even if there is no god, you will die, but you have lived a good life, so you will remain in the memory of your loved ones.
The nine companies in Jaintia Hills which have violated the Forest Act are Adhunik Cement Limited, Amrit Cement Industries Limited, Cosmos Cement Limited, Green Valley Industries Limited, Goldstone Cement Limited, Hills Cement Company Limited. Cements Limited and Meghalaya Cement Limited.
I'm not going to die.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that this incident is a shock to the government which has to be more vigilant against the entry of people into the state.
The meeting will also be attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek and MLAs of the constituencies. who is in East Khasi Hills District.
In Brazil, 912 people have died today, bringing the total number of deaths in the country to 78,7
As I told you based on the RTI replied by the CEO of SMB, I cannot say anything yet because MUDA and the Director of Urban Affairs are still considering this RTI. made it clear from day one that we will never allow illegal immigrants to be included in this deportation process.
The government has also sent companies to inspect and estimate how much it will cost to clean the dam by removing the hand.
They should learn from India and he accused the Chinese intellectuals of planting the seeds of hatred among the people of Tibet.
Government departments have informed the MPSC from time to time and urged them to take the necessary action to fill the vacancies.
According to information received, Lobestar boarded the bus from Polo and when he reached Camel Back Road near Pinewood Hotel, two women got off the bus and Lobestar was killed. The bus was ordered to sit down but he managed to escape from the parking lot of the bus and fell and the rear tire hit him.
Therefore, in the current fiscal year we have to do our best to deliver water systems to all households," he added.
On the other hand, TUR said that there should be no corruption and no discrimination during this time of pandemic.
He was born Rt.
The 400 volunteers will look after catering, accommodation for athletes and leaders, transportation, medical care, media for all 18 sports in this is the great lympung.
The program was funded by the MSME of the Central Government.
He is a man of intelligence and kindness...He is a pastor and his life in relationship with others is according to his faith.
In his speech, Bah Erik expressed his satisfaction that as the days go by, the youth of Meghalaya are improving in the field of sports and especially to the coaches who have worked hard and trained the players until you have come to this moment.
The supporters started throwing stones at the police and CRPF while all the government officers and employees were stuck inside the SDO's office. The supporters threw stones at the building of the newly built Sub Division Court.
When we turn around, we are filled with sorrow.
In East Khasi Hills, 224 cases, West Garo Hills 128 and Ribhoi have 114 new cases.
When I win, I will lead the youth to a brighter future,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah AL Hek expressed his satisfaction with the opening of this health center and especially that the purpose of expanding the services for the sick has been achieved. he is still successful as he has that spirit of service for the community.
The court said this while hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) of Bah Philip Khrawbok Shati on the congestion of roads in Shillong on Friday. Therefore, the state government has not sent a complaint.
“The accused is in police custody and we are conducting further investigation into the incident,” Marak said.
They announced the names of the candidates immediately and without delay.
“It doesn't matter how old we are, but I assure you that our death will be in the struggle for the survival of the future generations and the future generations. the world.
The WI bowler took 50 wickets in the fourth match of the 1951/52 tour of Australia and achieved this goal in the fifth match. complete the record for more than 71 years.
The Minister of Social Welfare said that the election of the Chairperson of the MSCW will be completed soon and the matter will be taken up for discussion and approval by the Cabinet.
The church in Laodicea is the last of all the churches and this too will end at the beginning of the Last Day, after which there will be no church.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: A young girl named Rupa Merry Jyrwa, 16, from Mawbyrshem, New Nongstoin, has gone missing since the 10th of this month without returning home.
Dr A War said that the tests of these 33 people have been conducted and all of them are negative.
Shillong, March 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today paid tribute to the late MDCs including Bah FK Ryntathiang and Bah SR Moksha.
“It’s just this reason.
Therefore, the government will take a decision after careful consideration,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, he said that on the 24th of this month, the party will commemorate these two martyrs by holding a flag with a public meeting starting at 2 pm. The place where they were shot was at Mookhep and in the evening they burned mombati.
Shillong, Jympang 22: The protest against the resignation of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma by his fellow Congress MLAs has turned violent in these days.
At that time, the crowd applauded and cheered, but Kohli said that he is still learning to speak Khasi and as the days go by he will become more proficient.
In conclusion, I would like to urge all the people of Jaintia Hills and the State to be vigilant before electing our leaders in
Lakhimpur district has been the worst affected area with 71,889 people affected by the floods. doesn't.
In another report, the new party in Tripura, known as the Movement Against Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (MACAB), will hold a public meeting on Tuesday in Agartala.
In the past years, there has been a demand from many to upgrade the Sohra Sub-Division to a full district, but it is not known for what reasons this has not been achieved.
All these schemes are under the SUPW from 2009-10 to 2015-1
The MRSSA Ordinance will be known as the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state.
They have started to assemble the machines and workers so we hope that in the next 10 months or 10 days they will be able to start this work from Umshyrpi to 7 Mer above.
At a time when the counting of votes is getting worse, the BJP spokesperson and BJP candidate from North Shillong, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, on the 16th said that the ethnic parties are just use other nations during elections.
“The largest and most populous villages are Phlangdiloin and Wakaji with more than 900 inhabitants and the total number of inhabitants in all 16 villages has reached 4000 inhabitants.
Of the 116 cases, about half were French nationals.
She said that the tender committee has followed all the rules and regulations laid down by the government and the selection of lava has been confirmed by IIT, Guwahati.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District said that the Regional Committee for the demarcation of the boundary needs to listen to the wishes and wishes of the people and also to the two governments. They shall respect and accept this decision and the will of the people.
According to estimates, about 1,000 to 1,500 people visit the area every day and it has become more popular on weekends.
in and for more information, please contact the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Nongstoiñ.
We have suggested to set up a Regulatory Fees Structure (GRFS) for all schools,” said Jyrwa.
Up to 22 beneficiary households have received work orders.
The media has not provided any details yet, according to the report.
Edilbert Shanpru of Seng Samla Ryngud and Precious Nongrud of Mawphu SC have been awarded the red colour. The game went smoothly, but before the end of the first half, it was reported that Precious, who had left his clothes and was wearing his home clothes, had turned near the Seng Samla ryngud and It is said that when the referee was about to finish, he suddenly threw a stone at Edilbert.
He said that in order for the youth to walk in the right path, the government has created many opportunities for them.
The law is clear that child marriage is illegal, but it will continue to happen, this must end,” he said.
Vehicles coming from Mawlong Market will proceed to Sohra Station and vehicles coming from Khyndai Lad will proceed to Bimola Point.
These are the things that give hope to the children.
A total of 1,318 people have recovered.
In the Facebook post, the pharmacy of Bah Kharsyntiew was clearly stated and the phone number was also included. The reporter sought the pharmacist through the address he gave.
When asked whether the ILP will be implemented tomorrow, Joe said, “The protest will continue” and when asked whether it will start from the 30th of this month, he said, He said that this will be resolved, but he confirmed that the protest will continue.
The RBYF led by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew as President of the RBYF was accompanied by Bah EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Bah Sumarlang Swer, Coach of the team, leaders of the RBYF. the RBYF, the Saiden Samla Seng and other elders, school children and teachers.
At 11.30 pm, the guard found the detainee lying unconscious and when the police investigated, he was found dead.
The National Sample Survey Organization (NSSO) has not released the report on employment and unemployment for the year 2017-1 The National Statistical Commission (NSC) has resigned yesterday and one of its members has also resigned.
China has been experiencing heavy rains since last month, causing floods and landslides in many parts of the country.
Shillong Lajong came second on points while Mohammedan Sporting came first with a difference of goals and qualified for the semi final.
The chief guest at the opening ceremony was Rev. BB Lamin Moderator PCI General Assembly. He was also born at this hospital.
Throughout our lives we work in that way to love others and to receive love from others.
The State Pollution Control Board has imposed fines on several factories in Byrnihat area in November 2022, July 2023 and June 2023, as part of the “Polluter Pay”. Principle".
He said this while speaking at an awareness program organized by the HITO at Mawkyrwat Market before the election day for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. In the past years, when the people elected their leaders, they often didn't think much about sending such people to the Assembly. They did what they had promised before the people.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 12: The District Task Force on Intensified Mission Indradanush under the leadership of Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, has held a meeting with the health workers. and other government offices at the Circuit House, South West Khasi Hills District.
However, I make it clear that what we are doing is always putting the interests of many churches first,” he said.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of Meghalaya, which has conducted patrols in many places, has been able to stop the smuggling of martar from Meghalaya to Bangladesh.
However, their first act was to throw away the bottles of wine and throw away the children's books.
The total number of Indians who have been rescued from Sudan has risen to
When asked whether the Prime Minister has visited Mawlynnong as he said at the meeting in Pynursla that he has to visit the villages of Mawlynnong, “Yes, he said he was in a hurry”. said the Rangbah Shnong.
To enrich the celebration of the Independence Day, there was a traditional song and dance performance by the students of schools and colleges.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has launched a presidential campaign after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy.
But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?  for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.
New Delhi, Nailur 12: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that it will hold elections in Maharashtra and Haryana on 15th March while the counting of votes will be held on 19th March.
It is to be recalled that the two states had signed a social agreement with Amit Shah last month and soon there was a lack of interest from many of the people living in these areas.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) has seized 650 cows worth T.1 crore in the past 10 months, according to a statement. from the border of the State with Bangladesh.
He said that this is a difficult decision of the Government as it will affect the budget of the Government.
The opposition said that the minister has been lying since 2004-2014, when she contested the election from Chandni Chowk in Delhi because she claimed to have passed her BA in 1996 from Delhi. University (School of Correspondence).
In the women's category, 2 gold and bronze medals and one silver medal.
Because of the large crowd, the police fired tear gas and shot into the air to disperse the crowd.
The drivers said that they have to pay T.500 at the Forest Check Post (FCP) of JHADC in Nartiang and T.1000 at Lumkya.
“After the tragic incident in Ichamati and after the reopening of the export, the civil society organizations in the area have struggled to find ways and means not to allow foreigners to participate in the export. We have directed the Hima and Village Authorities not to issue NOCs to foreigners and this has happened and foreign vehicles are no longer allowed to trade pateng, but The sad thing is that there is no such conversation.
Sangjay Sangma, NPP MLA from Mahendraganj, was one of the 12 persons named in the corruption charges filed by the Meghalaya Lokayukta. ) will be elected as an MLA. I believe that it has been shown that he is a contractor.
Under the leadership of the HSPDP Umtrew Primary Unit, the HSPDP Umtrew Primary Unit on 6th November 2022 was inaugurated by the HSPDP Umtrew Primary Unit. The Lumkya Primary Unit has been established in Nongkya.
Anubhav Das of Army Public School and Misha Sohshang of Church of God Nongstoin came third in the men's and women's category.
This plan could not be achieved due to the riots, which also led to the companies to leave.
At this meeting, the Karbi people have stipulated to the Khasi-Pnar people of Lapangap village that if they want to harvest the rice from the fields, they must first cut down all the seedlings planted in the fields. Moopyrdet loom and Pdeinphniar loom.
On the other hand, the leaders and members of the HYC Diengiei and Khrang Circle have found that the road from Mawmaram via Nongthliew, Diengiei to Lad Umsaw has been cleaned up. This road is to free the people who go to Ribhoi from Upper Shillong to avoid traffic jam.
Speaking to media after a meeting at Umsaw, Ri Bhoi, Himanta said the BJP is well prepared for the elections in Meghalaya as it already has a foundation in every constituency.
He said that the opening of this program will benefit the children to fight against diabetes and anemia.
As soon as we walked from the footpath from Anjalee to the parking lot, we saw the snowflakes of the footpath that spread through the inside where there were many people who were counted. khylliah's feet are not covered with liat in these holes.
Therefore, as of now, there is no emergency and there is no reason for the Governor to hold elections that cannot work,” said KHNAM in a statement sent by Working President Bah Thomas. Pass.
Anderson Higher Secondary School in Upper New Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills has been included in the Top Ten of the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination announced by the Meghalaya Board. of School Education on the Second Day.
The earthquake affected Meghalaya, Assam, Nagaland and other states and no casualties were reported.
Earlier, there was a meeting with the Headmaster of PiusSyiem School, Mawsynram, who did not agree with the statement of the Sordar. card of these four children of Kong Nongbri to the Sordar.
Hell is a place of eternal fire.
As soon as I had the opportunity to sit down, the two of us began to fall into the depths of love.
He said that it is necessary to explain to the residents to understand these issues, so that it will be a matter for people to talk and give their opinions on these issues. the distribution of pamphlets was the beginning of the Revolution.
The phone rang from the village of the rang, the mother heard him speaking, "Where is my husband?"
HANM Secretary B.Sungoh said that the government has issued this order without explaining or informing the public, but it has been distributed to all shops from small to big shops. only to the Khasi shops.
He added that after 2014, Meghalaya has started to grow well because the BJP has taken steps to improve the income of the state and it is because of this that big companies from other states have come to Meghalaya. Meghalaya in order to recruit young people to work within them because they know that young people are talented.
The office is located at Rymphum Jowai. For more information, please call
On the other hand, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bikram D Marak, said that there was a heavy traffic jam and the reason was because a truck was lost and the road was blocked in some places. He said that in fact the truck has already been repaired but due to the overcrowding of vehicles, it has caused a terrible traffic jam.
People from all over the country especially from Sawmer and Shillong came with their mombati to take part in the burning of mombati near the Synod Market in the evening.
“Is China a Communist country or a Christian country? Bhagwat was surprised.
During the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner said that there are private companies which have taken contracts to repair the NH6 from Malidor to Sonapyrdi and from Sonapyrdi to Khliehriat. It is not clear whether those contractors will start working on this NH6
Asst. Sports Secretary: Roiwanki Evan Rabon.
“The party will continue to monitor this issue and to visit these villages to listen to the village headmen and a meeting will be held and while we are waiting for the government report we will will make its own report not only on the 6, but on all 12 places”.
To celebrate this Dorbar Kyrsu Kyntu, the Seiñraij Pasyih has performed traditional dances from different villages in Pasyih.
“It is very doubtful because in Meghalaya, the working period is only six or nine months and four or five months is the rainy season.
About 101 players including children, youth, adults and women have taken part in the Badminton Championships 2023 organized by the Badminton Championships.
In the past years, Pastor LS Nongphlang, besides holding positions in the PCI, has also held many positions within the Ri Bhoi Synod, whether in the Presbytery and the CE Union. .
May God be with, support and bless you all in the field of health, prosperity and in your great service for the bright future of the children and students of the nation. we.
In the Under 16 boys category, Paiabantei Sylliang of Ri Bhoi won the gold medal, Porsat M. Sangma of South Garo Hills won the silver medal and Sunit Rabha of North Garo won the silver medal. Hills.
“In the end, by doing these activities in the state, it doesn't bring any benefits, it only causes losses and it just intimidates the residents,” he said.
“We all know about the Trinamool Congress party, you know about the bloodshed that has happened in West Bengal, the corruption, do they know your customs and traditions, they go to the state. Goa spends a lot of money and their intention and goal is to help the BJP, they also have the same intention and basis in Meghalaya to help the BJP where they want the BJP to Meghalaya is the strongest state in the state.
The statement, which also features a portrait of Conrad Sangma, said that the state government will pay T.5,000 to each unemployed youth in the state.
Israeli warplanes have destroyed Hamas's Al-Aqsa TV station.
This law shall also apply on the day of the Re-Poll, if any.
Nickman said that all those who came to take part in the procession, decided to send a letter to the MDA II government, demanding that it should pass the MDA II. a resolution in the House and signed by all 70 MLAs, to be sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government to take the necessary action.
It cannot be said that any punishment imposed by the Government, whether on government employees or on the public, will affect their livelihood.
According to Conrad, he has photographed millions of people because he is a public figure.
PATNA: Janata Dal (United) leader Nitish Kumar today took oath as the Chief Minister of Bihar for the fifth time.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) from Pynursla constituency is now ready to nominate the right candidate to win the constituency, which was held by the national parties for decades.
He said that the polling station will be opened for the counting of votes on the 16th July at 7 pm at the Indoor Stadium, JN Complex, Polo, Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: Speaking at a meeting of Congress office bearers from North Shillong, Bah J.A Lyngdoh, Congress candidate from North Shillong, on Tuesday said that if the NPP-led MDA government comes, There is a risk that it will lose the state and the nation as a whole.
Shillong: Mawlai MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw on Tuesday said that he is not ashamed to work for the people of Mawlai constituency, despite being defeated in the MLA election last year.
The road from Chutwakhu leading to Meghalaya Studio near Seinraij Parking Lot has been turned into a one way road.
He said that the meeting held today, has encouraged the members to carry out more development works in the villages within the boundary of the SPVS. will continue while the company is operating and quarrying ore from the site to feed the factory.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Executive Committee of the Nongkrem Block Congress Committee (NBCC) on Tuesday held a meeting at Smit under the chairmanship of Bah John F Kharshiing, President, NBCC. Election 2018 and decided to hold meetings in all units of Nongkrem Constituency as part of strengthening the party.
For the injured, the Assam government has also announced a relief package of T.1 lakh.
Shillong, July 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District under the leadership of General Bah Donlang Nongbri has visited Laban area to collect licenses for shops. This is the fourth time that the shops have been opened in Shillong.
Daniel 12:2.
Before graduating from college, two companies came to interview us to work in their company, and both companies selected me to work in their company. I have chosen one of you.
AIS SujaWhile Daniel was praying and confessing the sins of Israel and himself, the angel Gabriel came and touched Daniel, saying – “O Daniel, I have come to make you wise and understanding. and at the beginning of thy prayer the law was taken away.
Thus the Word of God contains in it a law and line by line of precious and powerful words, but it is written here little by little, in Daniel a little in the Book of Revelation a little and so on.
The tournament will be conducted in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hill District.
Shillong: Following the complaint of the Rangbah Shnong of Barapathar Umtyrnga Ribhoi, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Arun Ken Syiem, in the presence of the General Secretary of the FKJGP Ribhoi District, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, today met with the Rangbah Shnong of Ribhoi District, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh. and the president of Marwet Baridua Circle, Bah Ring Sohpdang, have discovered the theft of Assam's water from Meghalaya by distributing it through heavy water tanks to Assam for many years.
“Because Meghalaya is not a state of one ethnic group, because no one understands the Khasi language especially the Garo, it is up to the department to issue another announcement,” he said. Great.
Nongstoiñ, June 18: The election for the Legislative Assembly is approaching in the month of June and June. in the evening, due to fear of storm and cold weather which has occurred across the state.
At the same time, the scheme will further contribute to income generation, low electricity bills and employment opportunities for the people.
On the same day, the Minister also inaugurated the temporary office of the Block.
His body was taken to the Bishop's House in the Diocese of Jowai.
He also admitted that in the past years, the government's assistance to schools through Grant-in-Aid has been very small and there has also been a reduction in the cost of uniforms, improvement fees. but these assistance is received by SSA schools without any deduction or reduction.
The match between the two teams was more competitive due to the strength of one of the teams, Kith United, in the first half. Samson Nongrum scored three goals in the 3rd and 37th minutes and Milancy Khongstia in the 32nd minute.
May this celebration be a meaningful day for our children who are born special in this world because they are all precious in the sight of man and in the sight of God and may God bless them in all aspects. .
He said that the vehicle was stopped by the Pilot Car guarding the Prime Minister and at that time the Max stopped, but he said that as soon as the Prime Minister's vehicle moved again, the vehicle stopped. The car turned again from the right side of him and crashed.
Edom says, We have been destroyed, but we will turn and build the desolate places, for the Lord has said, “They shall build, but I will destroy;
Shillong Lajong FC and Langsning FC are in third and fourth positions with 15 points each.
So the question now is, who will be able to enter that city? Revelation 22:14 says that only those who have washed their robes will have the right to come to the tree of life and live. and he shall enter into the gates of the city.
The union urges the Deputy Commissioner to take action on this issue so that the appointment process will be transparent and transparent in relation to this post in the department.
Through the IVRS (Interactive Voice Response System), there is a 14-day surveillance of the returnees where the nurses also visit the homes of the returnees to get more detailed information on their health. .
“Look at what has happened to Christians in Assam and Chatisgarh! Those who are perceived because they are Christians and those who are attacked by others," he said.
Of course the Jewish world followed Jesus blindly.
The Social Welfare Department of the State Government will implement the provisions of the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act, 1988 or PITNDPS Act by setting up an Advisory Board to review the people who have been involved and arrested for drug trafficking.
On the other hand, the complainant against the illegal coal factories on Tuesday said that these people from Assam are prominent and walk freely in Guwahati and many of the residents know what they are doing and where they are and where they are going.
During his visit, he also launched the EM Care magazine for the month of April, and also recognized and praised the Savior Award that the department received three months ago.
Similarly, those who have died or fled the village have their names removed from the Photo Electoral Roll, the errors will also be corrected at this time.
Mawkyrwat, July 23: The Acting Stiem of the Hima Langrin, Bah Bryllyenhenry Syiemiong, today opened the first Hima Dorbar held at Phlangdiloin Village. , South West Khasi Hills District.
These 11 sordars rule without proper boundaries, where people from one place go to another,” said the president of SSSKA, Bah Lemberkutstep War.
A blind woman was shocked when the Blind Lead Trust Organization handed over the keys to her newly built house.
Vice President Vincent Makri led the members of the party to rob these MVIs of Assam which have been turned into robbery camps.
Shillong: A bus (ML 05 R 7678) collided with a vehicle at Urksew Wahpathaw village in Pynursla district at 3 pm on 7th November The truck carrying the nurses who were in the middle of the training collided with a dumper truck with registration number ML 05 P 9084 coming from the opposite direction.
Jowai, Jymmang 01: To ensure a clean and transparent election for the General Election of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly 2023, the District Election Officer and Chairman of the MCMC, West Jaintia Hills District, He issued a directive and called for the cooperation of all candidates and political parties in the District to comply with the rules and regulations issued by the Election Commission of India.
Shillong: About 22 out of 75 colleges, which have affiliated with NEHU, will continue to pursue the 4-year undergraduate course of the National Education Policy-2020, despite the deadline. of the University Grant Commission (UGC).
This is in accordance with the speech of the Minister of Education of the State Government in the Legislative Assembly,” said the Seng.
If you cut it earlier, the ksai will be whiter but more sweet; but if it be cut down longer, it is better.
They protested against the government's biased distribution of salaries to SSA teachers. Their decision was to sit in front of the Secretariat according to what they said but until now they have not received. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills shall have the permission to allow them to enter the country and at the time specified.
This income is from the sale of fish seeds for the years 2013-14 and 2014-1
Leaders such as MLAs/MDCs should also look after and cooperate with the village authorities.
“Everyone went to the venue and had to walk without any snieh like Bell and money to witness the Kñia Sapet Bneiñ”.
“The Committee will also inspect the Food Corporation of India (FCI) warehouse in Shillong.
On Tuesday morning, West Garo Hills Police released the names of 18 persons arrested, 16 men and 2 women. section.
The needs of the people during these days for food and beverages can be obtained from the shops in the village.
However, even though Bah Tiklu has completed only twice, but from all the attempts he has completed, as a young man, he is a brave and talented person in this field, said Bah Tiklu. Wallambok.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Samla Apdame Papiah. Automobile manufacturing factories and welding factories throughout the district regarding the complaints of the people about the pollution of these factories into the Myntdu and Umiurem rivers.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said, “It has been found that there is a spread in the state of robbers who promise to pay money immediately. Numgenious AI, which contains a link, is used by fraudsters to deceive innocent citizens by paying money immediately to gain their trust shortly after installing it. currency.
Former Bihar Chief Minister and RJD leader Lalu Prasad spoke to Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge over the phone on Saturday and invited him to participate in the meeting. at the meeting.
Shillong, July 20: The Border Security Force (BSF) 4Bn on Friday seized 17 cows from the border of West Jaintia Hills. in Bangladesh.
Shillong: After the murder of two persons in a house in Nongstoiñ village under West Khasi Hills District, the mother of a 79-year-old woman, Kong Phlisi Syiem, has died. Maitlynti Marshillong, 25, who is an employee of the house and has been living in the house for a long time, has been arrested. The incident occurred on the night of 23rd July 2021, but the incident was discovered on the morning of 24th July 2021. Police of West Khasi Hills District have taken action. They immediately investigated the incident and conducted a thorough investigation to find out the people involved in the incident but within 12 hours of the incident they have arrested one person. was suspected of involvement in the crime.
The Seng urges the relevant authorities of the Municipal and the Office of the Hima U Syiem Mylliem to direct the employees to cover themselves properly and to ensure that the garbage does not fall inside. road and they should reach the place to dump because this torti of garbage trucks not only affects the pollution but also affects the health.
Deibormi alone scored 86 runs from 79 balls for two wickets which helped the Lions to set a target of 207 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 35 overs.
“The more newspapers are published, the better because it will allow the readers to choose the newspapers to buy,” said Bah Sumar.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer, Kong L. Syiemlieh, Sub-Divisional School Education Officer. The Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri and the Sordar of Nongkhlaw Village, Bah K. Dkhar.
For this reason, it can be said that those who work for themselves grow rapidly in income because their minds are as wide as tree trunks.
He said that he has qualified for the UCI MTB Eliminator World Cup 2022 in Ladakh through being a silver medalist in the Cycle Race of the 4th Meghalaya Games 2022 which was held recently in Shillong. .
Another BSF personnel, a Sub Inspector, was killed in the shooting.
The law is to curb corruption and restore order in society.
However, the KHADC has been able to generate only T.15 crore on its own.
Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh has been appointed as the Chief Organizer and Joint Organizers have been appointed in various departments.
Then, Government Minister AL Hek (more than T.16 crore), Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma (more than T.14 crore), Prime Minister's Secretary Prestone Tynsong (more than T.12 crore), Minister Government, Bah Shakhliar Warjri (more than T.9 crore), Minister of State, Marcuise N Marak (more than T.3 crore), Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh (more than T.2 crore), Minister of State, Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh (more than T.2 crore), Minister of State, Abu Taher Mondal (more than T.2 crore), Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla (more than T.1 crore), and Minister of State, Rakkam A Sangma ( Rs.1 crore).
One case from West Jaintia Hills, one case from South Garo Hills and two cases from West Garo Hills.
When talking about the revenue collection of the government is very low because the revenues are paid, corruption is also very high whether it is from mineral resources like coal, but the revenue collection is from those departments like The excise tax has increased significantly, but it is necessary to ensure that they are equal and not only from a few departments, but from different departments and not only from a few departments. typically.
The Minister's remarks came after the AITC MLAs in the Opposition agreed that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government should call for consultations and consultations with various groups on this issue. on the border with the State of Assam.
This loss of Dohkha has happened many times in the past years.
The need is especially great if there is a traffic jam from Assam Oil Petrol Pump to Upper New Nongstoin, or if there is a traffic jam from Spengthaw Langlah to New Nongstoin. car.
Various farmers' organizations from Ri Bhoi including farmers who had the opportunity to express their concerns to the BJP leader in charge of agriculture also took part in the meeting. He said that the government is not led by the BJP party in the country.
The woman, who is from Mawphlang, was admitted to the hospital on 5th June 2019 and was supposed to be discharged on the 6th of this month, but due to a dispute between the doctors at the hospital, the treatment was postponed. and as a result, her health declined and she died on Thursday night.
Besides, Bah Sniawbha also spoke on various development projects of the MDA Government in the past seven years.
However, I will write a little about this plant before I explain how to make dumasla from its leaves.
On 31st July, 2020, a Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) was called for the construction of this site at a cost of T.127 crore.
In these states, the people of the rural areas use computers and know how to use the Internet and mobile phones.
Abraham, instead of losing his beloved son, now has him back.
“The Church of Almighty God or Eastern Lightning is a very knowledgeable group and has many pages on Facebook, with beautiful and attractive articles and explanations, while as a scripture of the Bible," he said.
This has created a threat to the fish farmers as the government has no responsibility and cannot take responsibility because it does not know whether there is formalin in the fish boxes.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to discuss whether Conrad K Sangma will contest the MLA elections in the state or be elected as an MP to the Lok Sabha.
Shillong, March 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the Indian government's decision to call for peace talks with the HNLC to discuss the issue of ethnic cleansing. Nine steps.
Not only that, but the price of muli is T.3 per kilo.
He admitted that he knew through research and confirmed that the death of fish in Wah Lukha was not caused by the Star Cement factories.
"The mother of Rida, as soon as she heard this, she shook her head.
And this has brought trouble to our nation, because the same man has married many wives, and those children do not know their father, they know only their mother and from the mother's clan. Young people meet in the market, they smile and smile, because the flesh and blood create poikha poiman in the state of slowness and slowness.
Iatyllilang SC have qualified for the semi final of the SSA 4th Division Football League
Mukhla Nongrim Sports Club on Saturday launched the 8th 7-Aside Day & Night Football Tournament. at the football ground of the village in Slot Masi.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong as the Chief Guest, MLAs from the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Syiems and Chiefs, teachers and youth. study from different schools.
The Bicycle Rally started from the Compound of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
When the Government announced last month that the products of farmers such as synsar, kwai, tympew, jhur, jhep, soh, pai, etc. will be allowed to be sold, there was joy and happiness. Many of the residents, but their expectations have been disappointed because until now, the buyers and traders who used to buy their produce, have not been willing to come to buy from the village markets or supermarkets. in your area.
Those suspended are Gaurav Gogoi, TN Prathapan, Dean Kuriakose, Manicka Tagore, Rajmohan Unnithan, Benny Behanan and Gurjeet Singh Aujla.
He also criticized the government for not only cutting off electricity while the bill has increased.
He said that according to the International Corporation Study for Medical College, the number of doctors in Meghalaya is 0.2 per 10,000 people which means that one doctor has to treat more than 3,000 people according to the population. the residents.
This time, he said that the new MLA of the constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, should follow up on what he has started.
Release- means release is to allow to be revealed or hidden.
WhatsApp has stopped supporting Windows phones since November 31, 2019, which is the same time that Microsoft has stopped supporting Windows 10 Mobile OS. valued at $19 billion in 2014.
At one time, the UDP won 7 out of 7 constituencies in Jaintia Hills. Compared to the NPP, the NPP won very few seats. The UDP has won many seats but due to the non-implementation of the Tenth Schedule, the party has turned to the NPP which now leads the EC in KHADC and JHADC”.
Members and Delegates are therefore requested to bring their own sleeping bags.
Shangdiar, Staff Nurse from the Office of the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO), South West Khasi Hills District, reminded the authorities to take precautions in case of accidents and injuries. or a person who, if they find such cases, should immediately assist with the reporting to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through 108 and also to the Police Department.
He said that the DRIP is a work to improve the dam and the foundation that has been built from the beginning especially due to the traffic of heavy vehicles.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced to the public the numbers of vehicles carrying coronavirus infected passengers, as well as the numbers of aircraft, if there are infected passengers. aircraft, that the people may beware of themselves.
When reading the AHOM Chronicle during the reign of Syiem Prabat Roy who ruled from 1500 AD to 1516, it is found that the boundary of the Hima of Syiem Sutnga or Syiem Jaintia was east to the Kyllung-Bramaputra River, the Kupli River to Shaparmuk, the Kero River to the Surma Valley, west setback Parganas. It is one of the 17 Parganas (Tripura) including Sylhet and to the east by the Khyriem Syiemship and to the Gabha Mauza of Nowgong.
He that is righteous shall be righteous.
Limited includes H. Garg, S. Garg, PK Agarwal, K. Agarwal and VS Gupta, Architect of S. Santra and others.
Byndihati Village, East Jaintia Hills District has honored Halen Nongtdu to lead the Indian team to the AFC U-16 Championship to be held in Bahrain in November this year.
Lyngdoh said the Government is conducting a thorough review on the amnesty of the HNLC members. It is not yet time for the HNLC to end the peace talks between the Central Government, the Government of Meghalaya and the HNLC. They decided to withdraw from the peace talks because the Government has not been able to implement the demands of the party.
“We all know the problem of the Jowai Municipal Board especially in relation to the lack of adequate land for garbage dumping, but the discussions are ongoing and the JHADC has promised to provide the land and it will be built with a “It's not according to the present era to be comfortable in the disposal of garbage,” said Wailadmiki.
The Minister of Sports, Youth Affairs and Agriculture, Banteidor Lyngdoh, also expressed his condolences on the passing away of Robert Garnett Lyngdoh.
“From now on, if it is for the KHADC to go alone, it will have to go forward, the CEM will have to show the people how much he loves the people,” said Bah Adelbert.
“Where are the leaders like in previous years like Bah BB Lyngdoh, Bah EK Mawlong, and others who really carry the responsibility unlike in the present government which has forgotten to dissolve if the MLAs come? does not develop,".
Muja Khar didn't buy anything and went to Byrni.
“The reason I say this is that the people living on the border are not happy with the initial demarcation.
They were so successful that all the employees of the Uranium Corporation India Limited, the company that mined the mineral, had to flee.
The program was organized by the ST Component (formerly TSP), ICAR RC NEH Umiam in collaboration with the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Ri. -West Khasi Hills.
At present in the state, it is still the time to produce a lot of agricultural products and they still need to export their products outside the state through traders, but the problem is that the trucks carrying agricultural products are facing. He added that the vehicles coming from Assam to the ports of the traders.
Police said that the victim was able to tell the doctors that while driving the vehicle, he suddenly lost control due to excessive sleep and the vehicle went off the road and campfire.
Being mentally healthy does not mean that we no longer face problems or suffering but we can endure and fight against problems if they come in life.
Mohsin Rangrez, owner of the spa in Ahmedabad, shot and beat the Nagaland woman who was sitting with him in the shop on Friday. 2023.
The rich immediately try to breed these two varieties, and from their children they choose whichever variety suits both these characteristics of the parents.
Several residents of South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills have lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court against the illegal mining and smuggling of coal.
This can cause injury and diseases due to the unclean air and this will affect the health not only of these residents, but also of the people. who is outside spirit.
On the other hand, the National General Secretary said that he has received information that some members of the NPP have spoken on this issue.
“Everyone understands the danger that can happen to tens and thousands of rice farmers in the State, some of whom have dedicated themselves to this issue.
A total of 1122 candidates have passed the IAS 2013 examination and they will take up their posts for the posts of IAS, IFS, IPS and others in Group A and Group B.
Nelson Lyngdoh was elected as President, Rison Nongrum as Vice President, Charles Maring as General Secretary and other members.
At Madanrting Police Station, 21 soap boxes containing 253.53 grams of heroin and several clothes were recovered.
In this border talks, the government has announced that it will follow four areas, history, to ensure khaddar rule, land accordance and the will of the people.
Overseeing the expansion of research capacity and building the scientific foundation in traditional healthcare systems, I believe these six new buildings inaugurated today will contribute significantly to the NEIAH did not reach this goal.
The SSA teachers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya SSA School Association, who protested at the scene, said that they will accept what they have already discussed with the government. The government has released their salaries for four months even though they have not been able to release them for one month and they hope that they will release them, as the prime minister has already promised.
It may be recalled that the school was built on an area of ​​20.13 acres at Mawdiangdiang and the construction of the school started on 6th November
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Tennydard M Marak, today wrote to the President of Meghalaya, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, in which he sent a letter through the Governor of Meghalaya, demanding the Presidential rule in the state. the State.
As our world is no longer the “Sotti-Juk, the time of peace that honors the rich and the poor”, the nation can also be connected to a computer that needs to be updated regularly to avoid Infection with Viruses.
When asked whether he has been working in this field for many years and has received any assistance from the government to improve himself in this field, he said, “Until now I have never received any assistance”. who also had the ability to pray for the sick, whom they called Kombiraj.
The Central Schemes sent by the BJP government should be implemented by all state governments, BJP or non-BJP.
Hurdles CC and Laitjem CC have qualified for the final of the tournament after winning the semi-final on Saturday.
From the time of the building of the Third Temple until the end of the 1290 days, Daniel 12:11, there will be very difficult times and the last fulfillment during these 1290 days is the fulfillment of the temple. the battle of Armageddon, at which the river Euphrates will be dried up.
Jowai, Nailar 21: The Dorbar Shnong of Lapangap Village today held a meeting to discuss the issue. After the incident of clash on the 18th of July, 2023 by the Karbi people, the Karbi people have damaged the deiñ trees that have just been planted in Lapangap village through the Basin Development Department.
Watermelon : Which you can enjoy this summer, this fruit can bring humidity and water availability.
He said that the government's directive to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to convene a meeting with all the stakeholders to seek their opinion on this issue is the responsibility of the state government.
She said that this is to express the concerns raised by many political parties, civil society groups and private individuals on the possibility of being affected by the Khadar administration in India.
In the match between Dulong and Demthring, Dulong took the lead from the start of the match with two goals scored by Dao and Shylla alone (2′, 16′).
The Act also prohibits the State Government from demanding NOCs from the people for Rangbah Shnongs (R/S) and from ensuring that the works should run smoothly according to the laws and regulations.
Gogoi said the Congress would form a new government in Assam and win more than 80 seats in the upcoming elections.
The Sohiong constituency has 63 polling stations and the total number of voters in Sohiong is 34,783 including 17,096 males and 17,687 females.
The raids were conducted as part of a thorough investigation into corruption arising from illegal activities arising from the tax system in Chhattisgarh.
The PDF has been nominated by Mosjo Rockefeller Wanswett in the mid-term elections.
Actions without thinking about the feelings and emotions of the victims lead to conflict, resentment, and mutual conflict.
The E-Epic is something different in that any voter can download it on their mobile phones through the voter's app also known as the Virtual Epic.
Nongpoh: Members of the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPSO) together with some people from Umtyrnga and Chibra villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border, today took to the streets to block the roads. trucks carrying stone using the Umrtyrnga road for transportation to Assam.
Therefore, when God speaks, we should not be afraid like the Israelites, they did not want to listen to God and did not respect Him, they feared Him.
There are 377 policemen who have sacrificed their lives in the service of the country.
" “That's what I'm almost"
Unemployment has increased.
The road connecting Shillong to the Administrative City at Umsawli and between the Administrative City and Knowledge City at Mawkhanu has been allocated at a cost of T.520 crore, he said. Various projects in the Administrative City and Knowledge City for the year 2024-2
On this occasion, the March pass from the houses, including yellow, red, green and blue, dance, song, drill and 100 meter race was witnessed.
The abundance of coal in the Shallang area has attracted many people from all over the country to come to trade in the area. In the eyes of many people, the area is a peaceful and peaceful area but when the investigation was conducted, it was found that the traders in the area. Now, from the youngest to the oldest, they are in the midst of shock and anxiety because of the increasing number of forest groups which have started to take over the area.
“I'm just listening to you.
Secretary KASSJ, welcome speeches were also delivered by the Principal of the College Dr DG Lyngdoh, office bearers of KAS, Shnat Jowai, Lecturers of the College, students, writers and others.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 12: Although the Nongpoh Shopping Complex, also known as the MUDA Complex, has been a blessing to many of the residents of Nongpoh area, when you enter the building, you will see that there are many shops. The parking lot at the top of the market has turned into a drug den, garbage dump and toilet. place.
Regarding this statement, the party has followed up and talked to the woman before filing a complaint before the Returning Officer of the Eastern West Khasi Hills District (EWKHD) on the 22nd. June 1, 2023.
In this election manifesto, the NPP has highlighted the works that the MDA government has done in the last five years in the state and those that will be done.
I never thought that our meeting on July 10, 2019 would be the last meeting between us.
The meeting was led by Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of CoRP, together with his members.
The Behdeinkhlam festival of Seinraij Tuber sends a message against the temptation to drink alcoholic beverages, to fight against child labor and environmental degradation and to be environmentally clean.
The Minister on this occasion distributed awards to 11 recipients of the Gallantry Award and gifts to 60 soldiers including their wives.
If you don't, drugs cause many problems and dangers to everyone.
The Chairman of the NCSK said that the government should also give a nice name to the road cleaners who are Metor drivers and they should be called cleaners or cleaners. in Hindi it is called Swacchta Sainik.
“I am confident and hopeful that the BJP will form a government in the state in the upcoming elections through the strong support of the people in the constituencies. change".
“This is not the case with the state government.
Shillong Lajong now have seven points and are behind Nangkiew Irat with eight points and one game left in the first leg.
“In the morning, while the Langdoh and Pa Langdoh and the Waheh Sankur were busy preparing the sacrificial items, the children of the Seiñraij Mukhla were preparing to shrong oh shrup the siej to take home. This ritual was performed by the religious leader of the Seiñraij Mukhla from the Sari clan, and the The sacrificial items were used with a bull and a ram,” said Standbyme.
The trainings include Pig Breeding, Cattle Breeding, Fish Breeding, Suhjain, Shniuh Breeding, Food Breeding and others.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 22: Three persons were shot dead and several people were injured in the shooting incident in Mukroh West Jaintia Hills. Four political parties including the WKSU, MYF, WYF and UHM West Khasi Hills, have strongly condemned the actions of the Assam police.
Shillong: The vehicle of Jonathone N Sangma, NCP candidate from Williamnagar, was hit by a collision with five others at Samanda, East Garo Hills. Hills.
Nongpoh, Naitung 06: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) today held a meeting to discuss the government's plan to install a weighbridge in front of the DTO's office in Nongpoh. DRSRBD) have expressed the same view by giving their full support to the NTC to oppose the government's plan.
The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) has decided to set up a committee to take action regarding any incidents of rape of women inside the university.
At least 10 people have been killed in a clash at a supermarket in Soweto, Johannesburg, while the Lenmed Hospital in Durban has caught fire. The shopkeepers, have now carried guns, to shoot those who enter and rob the shops.
Police sources from Khliehriat PS, EJH said that they went to the scene on Thursday night and all of them walked through the forest to reach the scene which is located at 3 Kilo of Block. 19 in Umrangso area of ​​Dimahasoa District along with police from 3 Kilo including Police Battalions of Assam and Meghalaya.
When he arrived at Mawphlang, he was welcomed by traditional dances, costumes and music performed by the Hima Mawphlang.
The disease has spread rapidly in many parts of India and has claimed many lives so far.
“The vision of good governance in which I have raised many issues with the SengKmie leaders on behalf of the Christian community after the Good Governance and Digital Day was scheduled to be held on Christmas Day for Christians.
Ernest said Modi will also lay a wreath at the Mot Tirot Singh at the State Central Library and after that he will take part in a road show to Khyndai Lad to address the public.
“The Bill also prohibits the change of jait by affidavits in court.
Sheikh Hasina has won a fourth term to lead Bangladesh after elections held in the country on Tuesday, which the opposition claims are elections. , which has been strongly supported by the Awami League.
To mark its 10th Anniversary, Dalmia Cement has organized the annual 'Dalmia Young Achievers Award' where 10 winners have been selected from all 7 categories. states of the North East to receive the award.
In a statement, the National Spoke Person of the AITC, Saket Gokhale, said that with the passing of the days, the corruption and illegal activities of the MDA government have become public in relation to the construction of the Ïing Dorbar. new even though on her part she tried hard to cover them up.
Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills Jagpal Singh who visited the bridge at Umpasu on Friday.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 05: The State Youth President of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) Bah Kitborlang Nongrem on Tuesday said that the statement of the Voice of People Party (VPP) Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Marboh is not appropriate. long that does not sit down.
The victory is also even more special for the captain of the team Babar Azam who has now equaled former India captain MS Dhoni with a record of 41 victories in the tournament. captain of the tournament.
The total number of cases has now reached 2.67 crore.
Christine A. Suchiang of East Khasi Hills won the silver medal after throwing 4.05 metres.
In fact, the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has decided that MUDA should no longer fight for land outside the Municipal boundary. .
The concerns of the people should be listened to and not fined like at this time.
Demdema Block has 50 villages with a population of 57,700, Selsella Block has 66,400 residents and 104 villages.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Dr.S.Kharsyiemlieh said that the Executive Committee has directed them to reorganize the villages as soon as possible. complete the public announcement.
You don't need a generator.
The order was issued after the Meghalaya High Court appealed against the deterioration of the bridge which could endanger the traffic of the people and vehicles passing through the bridge.
This was announced by Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma after a Cabinet meeting in Guwahati.
The World Health Organization (WHO) and UNICEF have set the goal of achieving a clean environment and full health worldwide.
Shillong: Shaili Dhagat, former resident of Shillong, has won the title of Mrs International World Ambassador 2019-20 at the Encore Melaka, Malaysia.
Grace said she decided to support the UDA because she doesn't have enough money, and she admitted that she doesn't see that the executive committee of the UDF will be strong.
He said that this action of the government has misled the feelings of the political parties, village headmen and the people.
The organizing committee of Khliehtyrshi SC & CC has urged all the teams to be prepared.
On the other hand, Bah Blik Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, said that an emergency meeting was also convened with the Village Leaders in Block II before the start of the Boundary Committees. to conduct inspections and surveys of the land and property of the residents of Meghalaya.
:The Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbars (FRIWAR) has met with the Sub Divisional of Pynursla and urged him to deploy the Border Security Force (BSF) to guard the border. India's government in the eastern parts of Meghalaya bordering Bangladesh, that they should not complete their duties.
However, before the counting of votes from the EVM, Gabriel Wahlang, the Congress candidate, had defeated the NPP candidate. They said that they did not expect the victory because the final counting of votes which will also be the vote to decide the victory left only the postal ballots which is the vote of the government employees.
“If it is the Official Language, how can we solve this problem and if we don't use the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in this regard, will this fulfill that Official Language?
Shillong, Lber 05 : The 59 MLAs who have just been elected by the people for the MLA election 2023 will be sworn in today at the Legislative Assembly in Rilbong. Speaker of the House of Representatives Timothy D Shira.
“If you arrive in the West, one policeman will look after and drive for lakhs of vehicles because the rules of the countries have been orderly,” said the DGP. Sonal V. Mishra IPS, Commandant 67 CRPF, SP East Khasi Hills, SP City, SP Traffic and other police chiefs of the district.
He said that he did not have the money to go to the market like other children.
The matches today will be between Seng Khasi College vs Mawlai Presbyterian College, Union Christian College Umiam vs Don Bosco College, Byndihati, NEIAH, Shillong vs Smit College, Shillong and Balawan College, Umsning against Govt.
This means that the person is so lowly that they don't even have to touch him (because they have considered him as a garbage that they don't want to touch anymore).
Although more than 100 years ago, the damage and death toll from the earthquake may have been less, but the people should have thought thousands of times and asked themselves why there is a need for a law against the construction of multi-storey buildings. The population of the state has increased.
Looking back on what has happened in the past two years that Meghalaya has been fighting against COVID-19, we have witnessed that in the first phase, the disease has passed through the state but without thinking. as if the syllad had been thrown.
From a constituency like North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum has given a clear and sweet answer without using words just to deceive. and the people and the people gave a right answer according to the judgment of the king.
It may be recalled that in 2014, the residents of Mawlai Mawdatbaki had protested against the boundary stones that had been erected by unknown persons in the area which still falls within the boundary of Mawlai Mawdatbaki. .
Nongpoh, Nailur 14: If the Ginger Processing Unit can be implemented exactly as planned, it will be a blessing for the Sying farmers in Ri Bhoi District. MBDA) has allocated funds to Cooperative Societies to set up Ginger Processing Units as one of the objectives to improve the income of farmers in the state.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) today issued a warning for thunderstorms, thunderstorms, thunderstorms and cold weather. in parts of Assam and Meghalaya, on 8th and 9th June
Speech was also delivered by Bah Precious Sun, one of the party's senior workers in Mawphlang, who said that the people should support the TMC, because it is the only party that can fight against the TMC. BJP policies, such as the Uniform Civil Code and other measures to target minorities and religious minorities in India.
It was found that these vehicles were used by AIG Bah GK Ïangrai”.
It is more common and enjoyable in crowded places.
At least 4,385 Palestinians are believed to have been killed in Gaza in the Israeli air strikes.
Today's match will be played between Shangpung College, Khadsawphra College, Mairang, Khrawsing Christian College, Mawngap, Ri Bhoi Synod College, Umsning, Jaintia Eastern College, Shillong College and Shillong. BBS College against Shillong Commerce College.
When questioned, the drivers of these two vehicles and their followers could not produce the documents permitted to carry these goods and started talking nonsense.
The total number of cases has now reached 26,47,664, while 6,76,900 people are still undergoing treatment, while 19.19 lakh people have been discharged from hospitals and the death toll has risen to A total of 50,921 people have been infected, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The names of the runners from the state are Kresstarjune Pathaw, Jomsingstar Ramsiej, Michael Ramsiej, Hepstarly Lyngkhoi, Daniel Lyngdoh Wahlang and Okitlang Syiemlieh.
Tyrchainmi Biam (Wahchnong United SC) was named Best Goalkeeper and Daemitre Dan (Lucky SC) was named Best Goalkeeper.
More than 50 senior BSNL employees participated in the program and some also participated online.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Barato, to speed up the work, has taken the initiative to allocate 4.06 Acres or 1,78,640.00 Sq. m.
The character of children changes dynamically from one school to another.
The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, the main union of ASHAs, has held strikes and strikes in 2018 and 2021 to demand to their rights.
Khliehriat, July 5: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in an order issued today, has declared a District Holiday on the 11th July 2023 which is the day of the festival known as Nul. Ding Kut.
After the arrest, the man released another video, in which he said that the incident was just a fight and said, “These are all just I have only one employee and one of them has been with me for 22 years.
Kumbang said the JDSSM will send a letter to the President and Prime Minister of India through the Governor of Assam to express these demands.
Therefore, the Government needs to ensure that the staff in the Fisheries Department should be well skilled in the field of fisheries and how to provide training to the villagers, whom it has provided assistance in to build the wells.
Armageddon tip is a human war or a spiritual war??.
The school has received four new teachers who have completed their qualifications as stipulated by the government, has been a great blessing not only to the students, but also to the community. of the region which is in the midst of crisis and backwardness in all aspects.
Speaking to media, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) FR Kharkongor said that Shella has 58 polling stations in the constituency and the turnout was 84.56 per cent. 12631 male voters and 12560 female voters, out of 29790 voters, 25191 voters.
However, the truth that we cannot say is this, if we criticize or talk about the lack of work of the government and these Ministers but for the Garo Hills this government has become a blessing. even.
Meghalaya, which failed to bat first, scored only 100 runs in 34.5 overs.
He said that this is a barbaric act and we cannot believe that the KSU or any other civil society organization has anything to do with such an act of violence but this is just an intention. to gain personal gain by a selfish person and to do politics by one person.
With the victory, Liverpool beat Barcelona and qualified for the Champions League final.
There are 41 cases in East Garo Hills and 19 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
Speaking on the opening day of the Budget Session, Chauhan said the Ministry of Coal has approved 17 applications for coal mining licences.
Shillong:"If I had prepared for the MDC election in Pynthorumkhrah Constituency for more than 3 years, I would have won the MLA election against Bah AL Hek. 5 terms,” said Bah PN Syiem.
“In Garo Hills, out of 24 seats, we have won 18 seats.
He said that the most dangerous thing now is the purchase of land by ethnic groups from another ethnic group in order to sell inheritance to non-ethnic groups.
He said that the cleaning of the roads also involves the use of geo-textile technology and jute textile technology.
The Khasi Students' Union Laban Circle (KSU) Laban Circle, which has demanded the eviction of the residents of Maxwelton Estate from the district authorities, has started building houses in the area and invited the Khasi to settle in the Maxwelton Estate. They said that it is the land of the Government which is occupied by non-Khasis and those who are allowed to live there.
In a tweet, Congress MP in the Rajya Sabha and leader of the minority group Imran Pratapgarhi wrote, “The ability to meet the truck drivers and learn more about the problems That they met and talked to them while driving on the highway, was a surprise in which only Rahul was able to do this.
In this regard, Bah Malai as the Rangbah Shnong of Jowe and Samla Shainwell, have requested the relevant authorities to take action to repair or provide immediately. at the school.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) has closed down the office of the Ministry of Education in Jowai on Tuesday. Friday after the expiry of the deadline for the appointment of vacant teacher posts in all schools in the district.
Salseng has served for five years as Prime Minister during the Congress era, Dr. Mukul Sangma has served for five years under the NPP, all of which are governments led by national parties. while governments of national parties cannot last more than five years.
Today, it is the lowest number of covid cases in the last 46 days in the country.
The Special Director General of Police, Idashisha Nongrang, on Tuesday said that the investigation is ongoing to arrest the persons involved in sending the email.
He said that the construction of this road will be a joy for the people of this area, which is also an area where the people have never had a good road. This road will be of great benefit to the people living in this area, so that they can improve their jobs in this area and especially in terms of agriculture. .
The State Association will work together to support the grassroots cricket prepared for the districts, to search for talented children, through coaching camps, inter-school tournaments, etc.
Thomas A Sangma is the MLA from North Tura and last term he served as Chief Adviser to the Prime Minister.
The Nongrim Hills Dorbar Shnong also urged that the participation of many people in the funeral homes should be considered and that the funeral should be held as soon as possible.
On the Government's increase in the price of petrol by T.2, Dr Ampareen said that the increase in the price of petrol will not only affect vehicles but will affect all beverages. to the crowd once again.
Nongpoh: U Dimpul Das, 21, of Umchatah, Pahamlapong, Nongpoh, has committed suicide in a Phasi road this morning. Your bag is located near Downgate in Nongpoh.
Rajnath Singh became Union Minister of Defense after his victory.
“The government has allocated 3 percent jobs for the people with disabilities but this is just an idle writing,” said Kharjana.
On politics, Wailadmiki said the NPP will win many seats and added that the party will win all three constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District.
In his speech, he urged the young athletes that if they want to improve in the sports field, they should avoid alcoholic beverages such as tobacco, kwai, kyiad and others. for if they had eaten these things, their bodies would have been destroyed for a little while.
Because if you don't contest from Garo Hills, the people will be disappointed and defeated that they have been left behind by the Congress leaders unlike the BJP which is a party that has been destroyed without any language. and have and that work.
The Chokpot MLA said that the gatekeepers of the Secretariat did not allow him to enter on the 11th of November when there was a heated argument with the gatekeepers. to the Chief Secretary.
Pyndap said that it is the foundation on which he has stood since he was in the KSU and he comes from a family that has a foundation.
The brother has a heavy burden but he doesn't have any signs of sorrow because his income is steady.
In the 23rd minute, Rympei scored the second goal to give Laitkor a 3-0 lead.
The registration will be held at the MSOA headquarters at JN Stadium from 1 pm to 6 pm and the closing date will be on the 20th.
Explaining on the complaint by Agnes against the Rangbah Shnong , the 12 RSs said that it is the village custom on the land in which the dulir has been distributed to all the residents since The Raid Madan Kyrdem was held under the Assam Government.
He said that ensuring social distancing is difficult and he did not blame the people and admitted that politicians also violate the COVID rules in the election campaigns across the country and the state is witnessing this. haka elections.
He said that India under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a goal of making India a new and prosperous country in all aspects and to achieve this goal is still There is a need for the officers to work hard and also to have the cooperation of the people to achieve the goal that the NDA Government wants to make India a prosperous country in all aspects. he added.
He said that as it is now, the Congress will not get even a single candidate from Ranikor and if it does, it will be like leaving the field and he will not get the nomination fee.
Do you still want to read and learn? You know that seeing money and earning money at a young age leads to evil.
But thanks be to the Lord God that those things which belong to God shall endure for ever.
Interestingly, the participation of Bah Alfontbirth Kharsyntiew, Secretary of the Farmers Union (HFU) Meghalaya, has made the farmers from Swer in Mawjrong area of ​​Sohra road eager to see the farmers. Speaking to u SP News Agency, the farmers said that the appearance of the Secretary of the Seng ki farmers has encouraged them to teach their children not to stop. not only in agriculture but they should work hard to succeed in any field, whether they have the ability to sing, dance, act, play sports and so on.
The Search Committee shall consist of three members and one chairperson and there shall be no remuneration to the members but the chairperson shall receive T.2500 per meeting while the members shall receive T.2000 along with the TA and the chairperson. DA for Grade-1 officers of the State when they attend meetings.
On the issue of literacy in the area, he said that there are only two or three secondary schools in Rambrai, but there are no HSS schools in the area. and kale.
Therefore, the Ministry of Education has urged the state to take steps to ensure that all the children who have dropped out of school will return to their studies.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: U Borlangsius Marweiñ, 19, said that he was shot dead by his friends inside the jail and they threatened to kill him and his parents if he They forced him to confess that he had stolen alone.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Union, Bah Pynskhem Lyngdoh said, “We have sent a letter to the Managing Director of MCCL, Head Office, Shillong to release our salaries. worker until the Factory is fully operational.
The WHO says Omicron is spreading faster than Delta in South Africa.
LSN Dykes on Friday imposed micro containment on a household in Jowai after a confirmed case of COVID-1
These women sit under trees and worship the goddess corona.
Shillong, November 4: The Thangkhiew Lai Kpoh Kur have alleged that the Syiem of Myliem Hima has treated the Laikpoh Kur with force and injustice by appointing Basan without any notice to them.
Three Pakistani citizens were also arrested from the ship.
In the match, which was witnessed by both the teams, the BSF won by 3-0
Shillong Commerce College to St. Mary's College will not be allowed.
Liverpool, who have won 18 home games and drew 1-1 with Burnley this month, now have 96 points.
The deceased was identified as Charles Lyngdoh, 45 years old.
The Government of India wants the creation of the state of Telangana to succeed so that it can benefit from the elections on this issue, on this constituency.
New Delhi: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has directed all schools, including universities and higher education institutions, to immediately stop the sale of food items in school grounds.
Charles Marngar said that there are Anganwadi Centers which have electricity, but there is no electricity. including from the sun.
The winners of various categories were awarded with medals and certificates.
?I really bless you U Rupang to continue to grow in your service to the nation,,,, as the days go by your work will be better,,,.
Rose Mary Lyngdoh, National Rural Game Gold Medalist in the Javelin Throw.
He inaugurated the Quinton Memorial Hall on 27th June 1901 at the same site where the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center now stands and delivered a speech to the public.
The shortcoming in the work of the government is that there is no evaluation and monitoring of the expenditure on any scheme whether it is true or not as accepted by the officers or whether it is just an expenditure in the air. actually without anything like that on the ground? Sometimes if you have an MLA who is responsible, the officers are more responsible but the MLA can see how much there are hundreds of villages under each MLA. what they shall do.
On the 7th of this month, we saw on social media that before the swearing-in ceremony of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and other ministers, there was a prayer led by the Archbishop of Shillong, Victor Lyngdoh.
If the Government does not want to bring about development, it should turn around and improve and provide for all the shortcomings and problems faced by the residents before calling for the return of the residents. and it was fruitful and sweet like a little child.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Aditi Tatkaere said that the heavy rains in the past two days have caused houses on the hillsides to collapse. soil.
According to witnesses, the cause of the accident was due to the mistake of the Auto Pickup Truck driving in the wrong direction.
Click on the link to take the quiz:.
“He said that Dr. Joram Beda has promised that it will go smoothly and that there will be no corruption and that the election will be clean and transparent.
“There is no single reason for these different packages of road construction but there are many, some parts have faced difficulties in getting permission from the Forest Department, some parts have There are problems in getting land and there are also problems with some villages where there is opposition from some groups and there are problems with in other cases, they have problems with the land,” he said.
“We congratulate the Government for doing the right thing.
It was made clear that all schools, whether private, religious or government schools, should fall under the National Education Policy (NEP 2020) and should take the local language, thus one of the subjects in their studies.
“To write a book is very difficult because you have to study carefully and take time, but with God's guidance, I have been able to publish this book in many attempts to write a book, " said MC Rymbui.
Up to 65 rots or colorful forms were brought from different Seiñ Raij Shnongs. These colorful rots along with the sound of the ksing, the tangmuri and the bukur were performed. At the same time, there were also various articles on how to protect the environment, how to avoid drugs, as well as various evils. such as holding power and so on.
Thus, we find many Khasi tribes whose ancestors spell Pyngrope, Gapthoh, Laloo, Rodborne, Cajee and so on.
Looking back, in the last four Meghalaya Games, held in Shillong, it can be said that the development of sports has increased and the equipment for various sports has improved. However, it still needs to be improved and the cooperation of the Districts within the State is also needed.
The Fijians believe that they do not belong to any place or place that has been drawn or demarcated.
He said that the Prime Minister has taken note of this and will also talk to the Central Government as well as the NTA. He said that there are also students who have not been able to register for the CUET examination. Furthermore, the Minister said that as CUET causes problems in the State, it is necessary to have a university in the State where Many colleges will affiliate with the State University, for example, Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
Hopefully, this plan will be completely stopped and will lead to the destruction of many.
Regarding the suspension of these buildings, they said that the government should continue to implement these residential schools and questioned why the government has delayed the completion of these schools from 2012-2 It is also since the MUA2 government led by Dr Mukul Sangma as CM at that time.
The work will be great and the cost of labor for that great work will be great.
Lewansa and Laloo scored the first goal of the match in the 85th minute.
In the first month about 10 or 14 children came to be taught and Robert Raikes decided to teach them to read using the Bible.
I don't want to say anything more than what Bah Pde said.
He also stressed that although everyone wants success in life, but they should remember that the path to success lies in building character.
However, from the latest news from KHUDA, it is understood that they will not bring a lack of confidence in the EC as they are still looking into what it will do in these days.
The religions referred to here are Khasi, Christianity, Hinduism, Muslim Islam, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism, Judaism and others.
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
This disease is caused by those organisms called viruses.
On my part, I will continue to fight to amend the FCRA, 2010 and the FCR Rules 2011 & 2015 and not to amend the Indian Citizenship Act, 1955 and others, to reject the CAB, The VIth Schedule, said the Pastor.
The residents have seen that if the construction of the road is not completed quickly, it will cause serious problems when the rainy season comes.
Several groups have been selected to receive support from children and teachers on a monthly basis.
Shillong: A total of 89 participants took part in the Endurance Road Race which ended on Saturday at Iewshyllong, Umgtyngar.
DV Ramanayya, HOD-Mines Star Cement Limited delivered the welcome speech.
The semifinal of the U-17 women's category will also be played between 1st MLP BN Secondary School against Ïewrynghep Secondary School at 11 pm and Tbeh Jingshai Secondary School against Umpohliew Jingtip HSS at 11 pm. at 12:15 pm.
The incident comes three days after a man was killed in Nizamabad, Telangana, when an electric car crashed and killed an 80-year-old man.
Daniel Pyngrope of Galaxy FC, central defender of Galaxy FC, was awarded the Man of the Match award. MOM was sponsored by Bah Mestondar Khari, President of Mawkohphet Sports Club and one of the leaders who loves football and who has always supported and encouraged the youth sports players of the area. Mawkyrwat.
On the part of J.Pohtam, CPM of DISHA, he gave a speech on issues related to HIV/AIDS, especially on issues related to the treatment of HIV/AIDS.
According to Hans Kung, the Global Ethic or fundamental principles are taken from different religions and compiled into a single book and should not appear to be religious teachings and should not be seen as religious teachings. and to violate the human rights declared by the United Nations.
Speaking on the passing away of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Paiem Miwel Shadap, it has brought a great loss to the children of the Raid Nongtung, as he was one of the bravest Syiems who He said that many of the villages under the Raid Nongtung have a land dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. I'm from Meghalaya.
“The law should be strong to punish the thieves because if the law is not strong, it will make the thieves not afraid to commit crimes,” said a relative of Shailinia. .
He said that in the 1954 letter, it was clearly stated that the land belonged to the residents of the Harijan Colony.
What is surprising is that the union has found that the placement of roll no is not smooth and orderly and they have to search from one floor to another because they don't know that NEHU is a big place. good.
Those who attended the celebration included the employees of the District Court & Session Judge, Mawkyrwat, employees of the Forest Department, Mawkyrwat Division, Bah MJ Kharbuddon, MFS, Assistant Conservator of Forests, Mawkyrwat. On the side of the Syiems, Pa'iem Nangtei S.Syiemiong, the Syiem of the Langrin Hima, came to appear.
He left on the 22nd to go to the fields, but was shot dead by the Assam Police on that tragic day for his family, which is a poor household. and he dwelt in a house that was covered with dew byrtha.
The Chief Guest in his speech praised Dr. Jasmine for her work which although she is not yet a leader but she has done a lot from providing assistance with tins to training. center for the youth.
“It's just to emphasize the intention of a private person to build a dewbilat cross on this stone,” said Bah Apborlang Nongrum, Vice President of HNYF, NR.
Also as a sign of encouragement to the residents to revive the cultivation of krai, seeds of krai, jhur seeds and other crops were distributed to the farmers. D.Laloo and Dr. AK Singh.
This policy of the government which started since the central government has slowed down the economic growth.
Soolangki Laloo July 23, 2020 The Raij Jwai Pali Festival has been held in Soo Langdoh- Soo Raij has been held in the country. Trekirot completed in the villages of the Raij The completion of the sdep was completed in Jwai Kattu in Tuber Sakhi and the Chad Niam Behdeinkhlam was completed. Trekirot Na Yung in the village of Raij is Sarot Deilang Wei following the orders of the Government Wow how to prevent the spread of the disease of the poor and the needy There is a lot of work in the villages where there is no work. There is a lot of joy in the Kut Sadu at Dwar in Pchem donhi. ka Raij Tuber, Chad Niam Behdeinkhlam Wasuk Wakmen Happy Birthday to you all Happy Birthday to you all Happy Birthday to you all. kiwi Luti I'm happy to be here on earth.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has prepared itself for the upcoming MDC elections in
Speaking to reporters, several MDCs expressed their doubts about whom to elect as there are three parties working with the small government in JHADC. The Dorbar Tlang has also been convened to start on the 27th of this month.
He said that the land registered with the office of the Deputy Commissioner or District Council, will be digitized first and for the land which has not been registered, the land allocated, “Both the offices, including the Autonomous District Council (ADC) and the District Collector (DC), will ensure that they will issue the proper land titles to individuals or parties who have not registered their land, followed by the issuance of title deeds, in which those land titles will be digitized, " said Tynsong.
The reason why these leaders of HANM, have lodged a complaint with the DTO, is after receiving many complaints from the people, who have expressed before the HANM, that there are people inside the DTO. The office, which has taken advantage of the issuance of licences, where the public has to pay up to T.5000 or T.6000 for the issuance of driving licences.
Kiran Laishram (65 not out for 193) scored 93 runs for the loss of the sixth wicket, which gave Manipur the lead.
Of these, 27 cases have been reported from East Khasi Hills District, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills District, 1 case from South West Garo Hills District and 7 cases from West Garo Hills District.
At its meeting on Tuesday, the State Executive Council of the NPP decided to hold an election to elect a new President in the state.
The arrested were identified as Milton K Sangma, 23, Salmika of Nokatgre, Zikzak, Predit K Sangma, 26, General Secretary of GSU, Pollen Sangma, 38, of Chepagre. Hemport M Sangma, 48, of Boldakgre, Salmanpara, Jengsen M Sangma, 51, of Boldakgre, Salmanpara, Pandit S Sangma, 28, of Rukolpara , For salmon.
The Governor through this announcement has convened a special session of the KHADC under Rule 36(5) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Rule
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor on Tuesday said that it is unfortunate to see that the missions of the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma have not reached anywhere.
The reason is not because of the number of MLAs but because of the strong support of the local people.
The President of the forum, Bah B Shadap, said that from now on, the forum will continue to work hard to win the election and then larger public meetings will be held.
Agriculture is the most important occupation in Meghalaya where more than 70 to 80 percent of the population in the state lives in rural areas and farm workers are directly related to agriculture. rep you ring.
King XI (Smit) will play against Young Star FC (Shillong) at 2.00 pm.
The Regional Committee of Ri Bhoi Sector, headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today held a meeting with Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, CEM of Ri Bhoi Sector. KHADC to investigate this matter.
Jha said the CMJ University is fully operational as it has its own land at Jorabat, which covers an area of ​​34 acres. 3lac square feet of classrooms and a self-sufficient hostel and has 3,000 students, 107 teachers and 100 non-teachers.
“But it seems that the State Government has no intention of solving these problems of the teachers," he said.
The planet Mercury, besides being close to the Sun, is also very small compared to our earth.
Shillong, Lber 2: The Social Organization of Meghalaya Against Land Alienation (SOMALA) has sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs demanding that the proposal to implement the National Population Register (NPR) should be suspended until The illegal entry of foreigners cannot be resolved first.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Bah DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (NECCC), today attended a meeting of the Presidents of various Congress leaders. The meeting, which was also attended by Indian Minister Jairam Ramesh, was held in New Delhi today to discuss the implementation of the National Food Security Ordinance.
In the semi-final of the U-17 Women's Category, St. Michael HSS beat Mynken HSS 3-1 in the Tie Breaker. Raja Memorial SS beat Plielad SS 3-1 to secure their place in the final.
The residents of Balakhwa said that if the government wants to prevent the Assam border crossing, Meghalaya should introduce many development schemes in the area.
Now it is up to the party how to respond to these incidents as it has been accused by the opposition parties like the Congress and TMC which have been able to slow down especially during the MLA elections. you don't have to worry.
These climbers have already completed the Basic Mountaineering Course from the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (NIMAS) in October 2022 and have received the Grade “A" which is also the highest in terms of climbing training.
In an interview with a Muslim leader, he said that the aid should provide food, clothing and shelter to those who have fled to parts of the country. of the northeastern corner.
The meeting was also attended by Government Officers from various departments of Ribhoi including Officers accompanying the Union Minister. The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi. , Arpit Upadhay, who gave an explanation on many of the development works they have done through these development projects as Aspirational District.
While the CEM was walking with his fellow MDCs, he was led by the Syiem Police and the musicians who played the music without stopping until he reached the venue.
The use of Nano Urea has led to an increase in food production.
This beetle is a beetle about 1/3 inch long with blue but white wings.
We were admitted in 1826, we became Indians in 1947-48, before that we became Christians in 1841-42 and Scheduled Tribes in 1970-72.
According to the interview, the election campaign of the Pastor has been broadcast from all over the country.
The Bank's gross NPAs increased to 3.94% from 7.23% in October, 2021, while net NPAs increased to 0.97% from 2.48% in October, .
