All voters are encouraged and urged to come out in full to participate in the polling on the 27th June, 2023 as a sign of fulfilling their rights and duties.
On the other hand, the BSF should update its Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) to avoid such incidents.
He said that the National Highway Authority of India should clean up the entire stretch of the NH-6, which has just ended the rainy season and has already been filled with stones in those areas. do not throw too much.
However, at the same time, he said that he will contest again in 2023 from this constituency.
Speech was also delivered by the MDC of Nongpoh who explained that the District Council has a big role to play in promoting the traditional medicine. The group has been trying to suit and shor it since the beginning and especially for these doctors to get recognition.
The cylinder is not too big.
Gurinder Singh (1/14) and Raj Biswa (1/22) of Meghalaya.
The full office bearers of the party are President Westerly Syngkon, Vice President Ionis Lyngdoh, General Secretary Kyrshan Rymbai and others.
However, when the state government has not implemented the bill yet, it has prompted Sharma to appeal again to the court.
The Municipal Department has taken this decision not to allow liquor shops to be set up in the new market as part of the efforts to bring about cleanliness and hygiene in the market.
oh, if I would have just followed the advice you gave me a long time ago......"“Do I give it to you?" asked the artist.
Nongsder Block IV (Rangmen) from 8th to 14th June, Umran Dairy and Umeit villages will fall under the containment zone from 9th to 13th June.
Chile struggled and in the 19th minute Maitte scored the second goal with a header from Danlela.
So far, there are 3,000 Indians who are in danger of losing their lives if the fighting in the country escalates.
Has the Government considered whether this might cause anger among the people because of the sudden change in the right to equality of employment among the majority of ethnic groups in the state, without taking the opinion or approval of the the people are not affected? ... The Government cannot do whatever it wants.
In the past, the Dorbar of KHADC used to sit well and the opposition used to have many members, but as of now, the Dorbar of KHADC will be quiet because there are only two members. In the opposition, only Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham and Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC Mylliem constituency, both of whom are MDCs of the HSPDP. Shillong, Jymmang 25: The BJP is preparing for its campaign in the coming days.
He said that all the villages in Upper Shillong from Lawsohtun to Nongpyiur will attend the meeting. He said that villages from Shilliang Umkhen and Mawlai will also attend.
Kiming Dkhar scored the first goal for Moolamanoh in the 65th minute.
Stressing on the role of digital media and innovations in providing health services to all, the Prime Minister said that they are very helpful in bringing order in our steps because patients from all over the world facilities can access quality care through tele-medicine.
At present, this is not the case even in the coming years, as the central government has not set a time limit for this, those who have to write the examination will be only for those who want to go to colleges run by NEHU, others don't need to write this exam.
A special cash prize of 1,000 tyngka will also be awarded to the senior runners (50 years and above) who finish in the fourth place.
On the other hand, the Chairman said that it should be implemented according to the rules and regulations.
Look at Rongjeng that with your support to me and for 5 years now it has helped me to work for the people and get them the Civil Sub Division has come true.
Khliehriat, July 01: The Pamrakmai Catholic Church, East Jaintia Hills District, today started the preparations for the 75th Anniversary of the Church which will end in July Justine Dkhar, former MLA of Khliehriat, today opened the Jubilee Celebration, unfurled the Jubilee Flag and laid the foundation stone. of this jubilee celebration.
Shillong: Nongmensong Police today arrested 11 residents of Umkdait Nongmensong who took part in a placard protest against the MLA of the area, Bah AL Hek, who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. health of the state.
He said that the VPP's demand to immediately suspend the recruitment in various government departments is on the grounds that the Job Reservation Policy and to suspend the implementation of the Roster System.
The three members of the gang came to arrest after they had no choice but to be searched by the police after they had rioted villages in some parts of Garo Hills.
Those who have been injected with covid, on 3rd June 2021, until 7 pm today.
Of course, God will never again destroy the earth with water.
In South Garo Hills, 7 cases, South West Khasi Hills 25 cases, 8 ILI cases, 3 cases in Jakrem cluster, 4 cases in Mawten cluster, 3 cases in Nonglang cluster and 5 cases in Ranikor cluster.
In terms of our uniqueness as human beings and as a nation, the existence of the District Council as the body of the Constitution of India, opens the way for us to be proud and unique.
It is also the first time that the party has honored former leader, Bah Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei) on the occasion of his 2nd death anniversary. on Sunday.
The new price will come into effect from 4th November.
The candidates for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat on the 18th of this month attended a symposium on Parliamentary Politics and Political Participation organized by Sankardev College at Sankardev College. Shillong.
That religious war from Europe followed here as well as the Catholics supported their church and did not respect the Protestants, nor did the Protestants at all allow the Catholics to dominate them.
The Gospel of Jesus Christ was preached to the world after Jesus Christ.
Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that at such a time, the Rangbah Shnongs are among those who are helping the government to prevent the spread of COVID-1 Therefore, it is necessary for the Rangbah Shnongs to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners, especially when they intend to enter the country. villages without receiving any permission from the government.
In Meghalaya, the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo are exempt from Income Tax and for this reason there are no sufficient documents to clearly indicate their income.
David in the Book of Psalms said, “Let them praise the name of the Lord, for his name alone is exalted: his glory is above earth and heaven” (Psalm 148:13).
Referring to other higher posts such as Deputy Chairman, Ardent said that the post has been assigned to the KHNAM Party and it is up to KHNAM whom it will send to take over the post.
Shillong, October 19: St Dominic Savio Parish Kynshi will hold a procession on the 23rd October at 11 am at Kynshi.
The MPCC also said that many contractors in India have been severely affected by the lockdown where they have to walk hundreds of kilometers to reach their homes due to the lack of government vehicles.
Shillong, March 05 : St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, which represents Meghalaya in the U-17 category, has reached the quarter-finals of the Subroto Cup
However, they have requested the NOC from the Secretary of the District Council to construct the site but they have also completed these 30 shops in the area.
Worldwide, 4.76 lakh people have died and 92 lakh people have recovered from the disease.
It is said that up to 80% of these cases occur in urban areas.
Speaking to media after the opening of the monitoring meeting on the COVID situation in the state, the Chief Minister said, “This monitoring meeting on the COVID situation in the state is part of the situation in The Prime Minister of the country has also convened this meeting as part of the precautionary measures before the Christmas holidays.
Sawkmie became a full member of the UDP party after resigning as a member of the Legislative Assembly.
“The UPA government has saved 27 crore lives in the last 10 years.
Since the launch of the Teconsultation, there have been about 53,000 consultations and assistance to patients through 467 facilities in the state.
The SP of East Khasi Hills said that he had done these things to hide his misuse of money.
“This problem should not be taken seriously to cool down the brain,” he said in his heart while giving medicine to one of them.
The Basic Furniture Pohlong is available for Pohlong.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs (DMA) has honored the athletes and coaches of the state who won medals in the 2nd North East Olympic Games. The Sports Scholarship Scheme was held in November, along with the launch of the Sports Scholarship Scheme.
Among the 32 persons who surrendered to the police is Ajgar Ali, whose mother was involved in lodging an FIR against SI Junmoni Rabha. ha that you do not demand money.
you bad mystep.
“I was shocked to get this result.
Outer Manipur – ST: Shri Md.Fajur RahimMeghalaya: 1.
It is also alleged that the man assaulted the child by beating and shooting her until she lost consciousness.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today told the Legislative Assembly that the Government has been working tirelessly with the Central Government for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule. of the Constitution of India.
Children who are busy with sports don't have time to think about things to indulge in other bad habits.
Young man, we would like to give you advice if you feel comfortable accepting it.
Nosmi Hashah, Advocate, Chief Legal Aid Defense Counsel in her speech explained in more detail about the Rights of People with Disabilities Act 2016 and to ensure that PWDs should have equal rights. and others and to ensure that they are not discriminated against or deprived of their rights and to provide assistance and protection to those in need of assistance in conflicts with the law so that they are not discriminated against and to protect them from harassment and violence.
The employees of the company will try to work day and night and hope that the repair will be completed within 4 months.
KSU Wapung President Deiniwan Lyngdoh, General Secretary Shwary Ryngkhlem and others were present at the distribution.
“The most important thing is that if they want to contest from other parties, it should be on the basis they have.
Suklang Dkhar has also been selected as the official of the Asian Roll Ball Championship to be held from June 21-24, 2019 in Balgavi, Karnataka.
“If they can get half or more of that and or if they need a partner to work with any political party, it will become clear on 16 January.
It is for this reason that we have directed the department to write a strong letter to expedite the work,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
On the 13th of this month, Batskhem stole a blanket and a small TV from a house near the house of Bhalang Shylla. that thou mayest bring back these things.
The CSWO also demanded that the state government should take action to prevent any violence against women and children.
Vocational training is also available at the school.
Chairman of the FFT, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, said that this visit will be very important for the Umiam Dam which supplies electricity to the state.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd) visited Jowai on Monday and held talks with officers from various departments at the Conference Hall of the Soil & Water Conservation Officer, Jowai.
He said peace has come in recent years after the use of force and strategy.
East Khasi Hills has 46 cases, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills, 1 case in West Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary: Religion is an act or practice that expresses faith, respect and desire to please the one who rules over the Almighty.
The Chinese Embassy and Consulates General has issued more than 60,000 visas to Indians traveling to China in the past three months of this year, the Chinese Embassy told a spokesman in India. Wang Xiaojian via Twitter.
He also expressed the hope that this school will help to improve the quality of teaching and learning.
The Government has not yet set a date”.
He explained that the Government is providing all treatment for the disease.
The State Government through the Tourism Department has launched 16 vehicles at the State Convention Center to transport tourists who wish to take a trip in these more expensive vehicles.
“There are many ways to improve one's own language but to insult others is not the way to improve oneself.
After being tested positive for COVID-1
If you marry a brother or sister, you are the blood of the mother, according to the teachings of the ancestors.
The nine candidates are Penindro M Sangma from Siju Rongara Constituency, Plebirth M Sangma from Wagesik Constituency, Tengsil W Momin from Telsrong Constituency, Anand M Marak from Kharkhutta, Silman N Marak from Samanda and Mahamsing M Sangma. Henen M Sangma of Dalugre Constituency, Butther M Sangma of Amongpara Constituency and Tinash Momin of Tura Constituency.
Pyndon is the brain.
If the Governor speaks Hindi in the Tamil Nadu or Andhra Pradesh or Telangana Assembly, there will be no problem in the House.
The MFA has tried to gather all the children from the districts who have joined to get the best children but only a few have come to participate in the programme.
When there is a sufficient foundation, reason and law, it will be difficult for those who want to oppose.
Speaking to media, Rishi Kupar Mawkhait, one of the residents of Mawpen, said that the Syiem and some of his supporters have been arrested. The Rangbah Shnong is unhappy that they are the ones who look after the welfare of the village because the statement against the former Rangbah Shnong is that they have lied.
Nongpoh: U Bah SK Langstieh, District Urban Affairs Officer, Ri Bhoi District, today inaugurated the Children's Tourism Center at Lad Mawroh, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union, Samla Samuel Hashah, said that although the AMKA has sent 14 players, the surprising thing is that 9 players have been sent. they have brought glory to the State as a whole.
This is the attempt of the BJP-led NDA Government to transform India into a country with one culture, one language and one religion and this is not the goal. and the RSS's desire to turn India into a Hindu country.
At present, the government spends about T.500 crore per month to pay salaries to teachers and if it takes over all the teachers or provincialisation, the cost will be about T.900 crore and it will have to find another T. 400 crore.
Does the UNO know this? No, but it is God who is doing these things within the UN General Assembly, to allow Israel or the Jewish nation to regain their land.
The source also said that the acid attack may have been caused by a dispute.
However, the influx of people to Shillong just to earn a living shows that in the small villages far from Shillong, poverty has increased due to lack of employment opportunities.
Meghalaya athletes have won many awards at the tournament organized by the United Amateur Muaythai Association of India (UAMAI) at Pathare Stadium, Pune Maharashtra from 15th to 18th November
Participation in this day will be only by performing the Niam Ka Rukom by the Elders of the Sengbah and the Presidents/Secretaries of the Seng Khasi Branches, Seiñ Raij and Seiñ Kyntu-12 Daloi.
Meanwhile, the High Court said that these people who have not been granted bail cannot leave Meghalaya unless they go to Assam.
When the price of fertilizers is about 650-700 tyngka per 50 kilo bag, he said, “I need 10 tonnes of fertilizer for my farm and this is more than 10 acre and I have to to pay about 350-400 tyngka per day to my employees.
It is worth mentioning that the ethnic parties in the last election have received the support of the Congress party which has six MDCs. Shillong, Naitung 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Congress has tried its best to do the same as it did in GHADC. The NPP-led Executive Committee in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been appointed to the post of MDCs.
The NPP candidate has announced that the MLA will be elected from the constituency while the UDP candidate J Treilang Suchiang will be elected as MLA.
He said that the opening of this college will not only help the students to avoid going to Shillong or other places to study but will also help the parents who are facing difficulties in supporting them. to send their children to study abroad.
I would also like to point out that the people of Pynursla village have not yet received a proper water distribution system like the city or other villages which may have had it.
The signboard is 5 feet high and 10 feet wide, with cameras monitoring the area.
Around the country there are problems which have affected many people because only those who have close ties with the Government officials are employed.
It was also seen that a Maruti Alto 800, which was passing through the road, escaped from the road when it almost hit the rocks and fell into the river.
The Minister also informed us that in order to improve the performance of PHCs by upgrading PHCs to CHCs, it has been handed over to the DMHOs to select the PHCs for upgradation and those who are eligible will be selected. “It's a good idea to promote the KSU,” said Landarson, who is also the Publicity Secretary of the KSU Iooksi Unit.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The General Assembly of Rangbah Shnongs convened by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SKRS) on Saturday decided to extend the deadline until 10th November for the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong. The Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC and JHADC has been approved by the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan. after.
On the other hand, the Cook Cum Helper – PM POSHAN of Ri-Bhoi District, today at a function held at St. Paul Parish, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District, today honored the PM Khroo L Pariat, who is also a supporter of the All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (JMWU) which is fighting for the increase in the honorarium of school workers in the state. Muster Roll of Government Departments under Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block.
HH Mohrmen who is an expert who gave a talk on the need to deposit money in banks, to learn how to use banks.
However, while he was taking his son to buy food, the truck suddenly came out and as soon as he saw the boy lying on the other side of the road, the driver of the truck tried to avoid. However, due to the inability to control the brakes, the truck overturned and hit the Maruti car parked along the road.
On the other hand, the BSF troops on duty at the border have continued to conduct intensive checks and searches to curb smuggling to Bangladesh.
Mamta said she doesn't want bloodshed in West Bengal just because of the film and for this reason she has done whatever she feels like and for the sake of the film. peace and happiness.
On the other hand, the manager of the factory said that in human nature, there is always a delay in doing the job.
“I have spoken to Bah Embhah before he took the decision because it is a decision that has not been resolved because it is the party's business and not anyone's personal business.
Shillong: U BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has met Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in Delhi and requested him to hand over the Kirkit Stadium in Laban. work and run by the people.
There will be up to 100 tied golfers representing the Assam Rifles, Indian Army, Indian Air Force, ITBP, BSF, CRPF, Civil Administration and civilians.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram by seven wickets for 28 runs in the semi final of the final day of the tournament. reach the thong.
Leaders in Khasi Jaintia Hills can come and go, but the party needs Mukul in Garo Hills,” said Ma Pala, who also acknowledged that there are other leaders from other parties who do not. in accordance with the working methods of the former Chief Minister of the State.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat said that this day reminds us of the value of the environment and the responsibility of the environment. He said that about 400 million tonnes of plastic is produced in 10 years worldwide. He stressed the need to urge the residents to reduce the use of plastic by reusing the same plastic to avoid damage and He also expressed his concern over the increase in the use of plastic by saying that if they cannot do anything to prevent the damage to the environment, the time will come when they will have to just buy the lyer for breathing at a reasonable price.
The Sein Raij Tuber shows in this picture and article that it will work hard to protect wildlife.
“People from Bangladesh flock to this country as migrant workers but after they marry Khasi women, the contractors are also happy to bring in these people from Bangladesh and in this way they will be able to attack the country. This is the nation,” said Bah Khongshei.
Shillong: In the semi final of the men's basketball tournament, Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Touchline Basketball Academy 54-36 points.
“However, with God's blessing, we hope not to win much and the NPP will be able to send Agatha K Sangma back to Delhi after the elections,” he said.
Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow.
Tynsong said that after the Williamnagar elections, the conflict between Mukul Sangma and Deborah Marak has intensified and thus, “The people voted for the NPP, because we They are united under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma.
States are advised to:· Put in place control and surveillance measures in high case areas.
To avoid inconveniencing the people, vehicles have been banned from moving from one district to another and the movement of private vehicles will be only 30%, commercial vehicles will be only 25% and vehicles will be limited to Vehicles with odd number plates can travel only on the 24th, 26th and 28th while vehicles with even numbers can travel only on the 25th, 27th and 29th.
Through this victory, the school will qualify to represent the state in the Sub-Junior Boys Under-14 category in the 61st Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2022 in Delhi from 6th November to 13th March. 2022.
This happened last night.
India took the lead after Chile scored the third goal through Katerine Ramos in the 11th minute.
On the other hand, the HNLC has stressed the need for amnesty to move forward with the peace talks.
“As a sign of remembrance or expression of opposition to the mining of uranium, the KSU has held a banner rally across the South West. “There are also those who go to Domiasiat,” said Bah Nongrem.
It is understood that the government will take the bill to the Lok Sabha on the 31st of this month for the approval of the amendment. it's a long law.
Furthermore, these vendors said that in the past, the garbage was only in the evening.
In the year 2022-23, the Executive Committee has received T.73,18,11,649/- from Major Minerals and T.14,65,67,854/- from Minor. Minerals, while the revenue from motor vehicles has not yet been received by the council,” said CEM Thombor. MDCs, employees and pensions of the council for 13 months from June 2021 to June 2022, and the repayment of loans taken from the Civil Works Department and other unexpected expenses,” he said. CEM. The CEM said that despite the financial crisis, the council in collaboration with the staff and the Executive Committee has been able to complete the accounts for the year 2019-20-2020-21 and handed over the accounts to the Accountant. General (Audit) Meghalaya, Shillong.
Although this hill is a source of water for many neighboring villages, the residents on top of this hill face severe water shortage especially during the dry season. They also have to fetch water from places farther away from the villages and have to walk for many hours.
Shillong, July 24: A day after the Congress announced the names of its candidates for the upcoming MDC elections, the party has made a promise to its supporters. , in which the incident has reached the point where there has been a split in the party.
For a long time we have longed for peace,In the country of our country;
They said that one of the reasons may be that the children do not know well about NIOS. When asked about the increasing number of part-time students in secondary school, they said that the The department will conduct a thorough investigation to find out the root causes.
From the east, Bangladesh has raised the border to parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia, so if it is allowed to erect signs, many land will go to Bangladesh where people will live, how will they work? Where is the Muktapur-Dawki road from Bangladesh? Why are the rulers and governments so stupid that besides the fact that the country is small, it will become smaller and smaller. Is it enough for the Khasi Jaintia Hills to become a city? It is a great loss to our poor people when they lose their farmland, rice fields, tympew fields and fields.
Metbah said the party feels that the roster should be implemented immediately since it was approved as many government departments do not have the necessary documents regarding the recruitment since last year. ago.
Then Tangmar said in the words of the gods, “If Tongsoh is my wife, let this ship that has fallen rise here and fall on the surface of the water.
Another part of the festival will be a phawer competition and the phawers will be on the theme of traditional foods.
He threw the fish away.
I don't intend to insult anyone through this post as I mentioned above, or to make myself known but only to help my fellow citizens who are suffering.
Umpyrshin is not a village but a sub-district, which falls under the jurisdiction of Huroi.
Four schools from Sohryngkham, Green Hills High School, Mt.
Timing of the PDF from Mynsngat Khanduli.
We met with Bah Bitali Kharsyiemïong who has been raising horses since he was 13 years old and has thousands of horses in his village and neighboring villages.
'Send me an email,' said Ma Shallam.
When asked, the police chief said many people park their two-wheelers on the roads – which are unsafe places.
Bora also said that there are many major newspapers in India, which have fired their own employees and cut their salaries as well, which he believes is unfortunate. He gave examples of the Times of India, which has fired many of its employees, the Indian Express and the Business Standard, which has cut the salaries of many employees. The State, will not act in the same manner and this will affect many of the employees in the newsroom.
On Sunday, a truck overturned and hit two vehicles including a Bolero and a Swift and five people inside the vehicle were seriously injured.
According to the Minister, the purpose of developing the pig farming industry is because the state is a meat consumer and the demand for meat is high in the state and many of them are imported.
“The Saitsohpen Elaka expresses its gratitude to the CEM for understanding this need and as the Elaka we rely on the wisdom of the CEM and the Council as a whole and we believe that with the attention of the Elaka I will reach the victory,” said Bah Malngiang.
Inside Ri Khasi, it will be difficult because only with the Garo we have fled and these will be difficult.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The leader of the Rangli Juki Thma, Kong Angela Rangad together with the employees of the Thma U Rangli Juki on Monday, 18th of this month, have submitted a petition to the Commissioner and Secretary. The state government has demanded that the government should not allow the two shaka to operate in Shillong and that the government should also issue permits to them. Speaking to reporters, Kong Angela expressed her strong opposition to the interim order until the government can introduce adequate laws. The government has banned two shaka to earn money in the state and she said that this action of the government will kill many young people who earn their living from this industry.
The purpose of this meeting is to prepare for the rally to be held on the 22nd June, 2022 in Shillong. They demanded the promotion of all Adhoc School teachers in the state.
The case was filed against these Kuki leaders by a group of Meitei people, said in a petition sent to the Prime Minister.
It was also noted that in Nagaland, there are shops with the name Naga on the signboard but not owned by other ethnic groups.
It is the most prestigious IIT in the country.
The investigation against the suspect was ongoing before the prosecution was brought under the provisions of the law.
However, in 2018, after waiting and requesting from the village leaders, they went to meet the MDC again at this time and he changed his mind by saying that he cannot. to build it because he had no money.
It will also be the time of the Resurrection and the Resurrection.—2 Thessalonians 4:13-1
The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has applied to the High Court of Meghalaya for the maintenance of the Jowai-Ratacherra road on the NH
The District Magistrate's order said that the house and grounds of Dhar Company Area have been declared as containment to prevent the entry and exit of people until further notice.
Rising Star beat Chutwakhu by 60 runs.
“If the authorities do not take action, the union will take the necessary action in the coming days,” said the Publicity Secretary, Samla Clifford Max. Shylla.
The Congress party has won four seats in the constituency and will soon announce its candidate. Bah C Marngar President of the District will also be present to encourage and encourage the candidates.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong has been organizing this competition for 48 years for those who have special talents.
The General Manager said that a complaint has been received and if anyone finds the plastic, they can lodge a complaint and the FCI will take the necessary action.
He said that the lack of ILP until today is because the state government has misled us by saying that the Indian government has not granted ILP to the new states but why has it granted it to Manipur.
The Rot brought by Ummulong speaks against the consumption of alcohol and cigarettes.
Speaking to media, Bah Ban Kharnaior President of HITO Ri-Bhoi District said that the organization is deeply saddened by the complaints of the people and village leaders and is deeply surprised by the proposal. to relocate the C&RD Block to Lad Umpih, as the party cannot accept at all.
For Iatyllilang SC, Melawantei Kharmuti scored two goals (9 & 52min), Iatyllibor Mynsong (31min), Rijoelang Lawai (34min), Badonbor Nongdkhar (36min), Banpyndap Ryndon (40min). Wellbanroy Kurkalang (62min).
Because your government has been able to come quickly if the people suffer.
The Egyptians were terrified of the plagues that God had sent on the land.
“The people of the state should not doubt the strength and ability of our police because they have the skills and ability to do any job that is in their line,” said Prestone. to the media.
The football players in the state were overjoyed after hearing the good news of the inauguration of the first FIFA futsal turf ground in Shillong.
Hek said that the party will accept the MDCs who are protesting in the KHADC if they join the BJP. Hek said that in the District Council there is a problem with them. “There is a need for a law to protect MDCs like MLAs,” he said. said Hek.
“My father passed away on November 31st at 6pm Canadian time.
For DC Tura, Luke scored 27 runs from 24 balls and Jemble scored 21 runs from 32 balls.
Conrad, who has been listening to the talks between Dr. Mukul Sangma and Prestone since yesterday, even though the talks were about him, stood up today to say that the actions of Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is an older leader is completely inappropriate.
“Those who blame can blame, but the incidents that have happened in the past 10 months are beyond the limit,” he said.
In the men's category, the first half ended without any goal but it wasn't until the second half that Nongkhyriem scored the first goal of the match. won the title by a score of 3-1
The Jaintia people have been looking forward to finding ways and means to rebuild the beauty of this Syiem's ​​palace so that the name and glory of the Jaintia Syiem will be seen by this heritage and in the future.
The Juvenile Justice Committee of the High Court of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department and the Health Department on Saturday held a State Level Consultation Program on the issue of and children's conflict with the law, protection, justice and internal assistance at a meeting held at the Auditorium of the High Court Meghalaya.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Extra Assistant Commissioner of Excise, DC Marak, said that the shop has been in existence since 2003 at one place. which was located near the road and has now been moved farther away according to the government's requirements.
The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H Pala, in a meeting with the media on 23rd July 2024, has criticized the state government for not allowing Rahul Gandhi to attend the meeting. Students of the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya in Ri Bhoi district.
At the rally, about 100 leaders and members of the party, who protested today at Parking Lot, Dhanketi, shouted slogans against the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and They also gave them a plaque to congratulate Modi.
He also criticized the electricity department, where some households receive electricity through BPL, electricity for the poor which they have to pay at a low price, but the department has The department has cut off the electricity bill after 7-8 years, so some households have difficulty in paying their electricity bill.
The launch was attended by the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang, Chief Secretary Donald P. Wahlang and Director General of Police. Dr LR Bishnoi, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Isawanda Laloo, State Information Officer of NIC Bah Timothy Dkhar, Chief Officers and Rangbah Shnongs of these nine villages.
Replying to this, Conrad said it is true that some projects have been suspended, but it has not happened to many projects.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The Assam government has paid T.2 lakh each to the families of four Langpih residents who were shot dead by the Assam police on 10th July, 2010, and The Registrar of the Meghalaya High Court today released the money.
This decision was taken at a meeting organized by the FKJGP Sengkmie through the Socio Economic Movement, which encourages the Livestock Farming Committee. This goal was launched on 11th June 2017 to help guide our fellow citizens in the field of agriculture in the state as a whole.
Two other matches in the tournament between Nangbah Mulang and Lumiawmuchai ended without a goal and Moosalyngkat vs Lion drew 1-1
The President of HNYF-EKH, Bah Bless Dkhar, said that the HNYF-EKH has met with the Executive Engineer of PWD (R) and urged the contractor to clean up the land. which has paved the road that has affected the traffic.
All government offices, banks and other private offices were closed during the curfew.
“We don't have any alliance with the UDP or any other party.
He said that if there were no police driving in the area, the accident would have increased.
There are schools which lack 5-9 teachers who have not been appointed by the Government until the school principals have been forced to send temporary officiating teachers by others.
For D.F., Community Service Rtn.
Upon receiving information that the school from Nongmensong has come in the first category, Pynthor MLA Bah AL Hek immediately visited the school and donated T.5000 tyngka to the child.
He came to the point of surrender through talks with the religious leaders in the village.
Why are they snowballing I will explain below.
There are currently 2.3 million cases in the country, second only to the United States, which has 4 million cases.
On the other hand, the president of the union, said that in the past few months, the construction of the state government has been suspended as the construction to bring electricity to 18 villages under the Block 2 of the electricity scheme, which came from the CM, which started work from Sabuda village, but the work has been immediately suspended by the Assam government.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The State Government on Thursday announced that it has set up a committee of 12 members to discuss the Roster System system. Ampareen Lyngdoh, President of the VPP, has refused to become a member or take part in any meetings of the committee.
According to Kong Ampareen, the new price will come into force soon after the government issues a public notice in the coming days.
The ANVC(B) also alleged that the shooting death of five policemen was a collaboration between the GNLA and the ULFA. The GNLA has been trained to assist the GNLA, and this has threatened to continue the shooting of police and civilians.
As promised, Sawian's new song from the EP is one of these cassettes.
The Minister also spoke about the ongoing major projects such as the 2000 MW Subansiri Lower Hydroelectric Project in Arunachal Pradesh-Assam with an estimated cost of Rs 19,992 crore and the North Eastern Region Power System Improvement Project. (NERPSIP) at a cost of Rs 6,700 crore in six beneficiary states including Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura.
He said the affected villages are Umsaw Riang, Madan Nonglakhiat, Mawlyngkhung and Sylleiular and the DC has declared these areas as banned areas for the transportation of pigs.
The union also finds that many groups from the Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Samla, Sengbhalang and so on have taken part in the fight against drugs. The women of the village have launched a campaign to arrest the drug traffickers.
The North East Speed ​​Skating Championship will be held on 31st August 2019 at Dispur Roller Skating Rink, Assam for boys and girls under the age of 8, 10 and 12 years. .
One President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln, once lost an election because he spoke only the truth.
The farmers of the area and the residents of the area urged the PWD, especially the Mawsynram PWD Division office to build a subway over the river so that vehicles can pass through. There shall be no increase in prices and expenses for the people.
To avoid congestion, vehicles can be parked at the parking lots of Ummulong and Jrisaleiñ.
Speaking on the occasion, he would like to extend his special greetings to all the members on the celebration of World Disability Day 2023 on the 3rd November
On the occasion, ICAR Director, Dr. Ngachan distributed Agri polythene sheets (Agri polythene sheets) to the farmers.
They demanded that the government should empower them to curb the illegal entry of mynder in many areas.
Shillong: The BSF today seized 16 cows worth T.3.5 lakh from Lyngkhat market in East Khasi Hills District.
Despite the cold weather in Kashmir, the city team led by Bah Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet needs to win this match away from home.
The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its third day with Cricket Lovers and Laitjem CC winning their match today, 28th June.
God has already promised to gather Israel from all over the world.
Speaking to media, Sangma said Meghalaya and other North Eastern States have already sent a proposal to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) regarding the demand for the creation of a He said this after the shooting death of seven people by the Assam Police in Mukroh village. West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
It is from Lariti that the world knows how we are, where we come from, where we live and so on.
The film is produced by the KJP Youth Assembly through the Christian Multimedia Ministry and distributed by Carols Production and Filmtel, Shillong.
Congress MLA from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, on July 27, 2013, said that West Khasi Hills is one of the most backward districts in the state and needs urgent attention especially in the field of education. care and health.
Simon allegedly assaulted some of the children on Saturday during a karate match and denied that he assaulted the teacher and the students as well.
According to a letter signed by the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Hambertus Nongtdu and General Secretary, Jespar Bareh, the Union has received many complaints from the people. The residents especially those from low income households, who face difficulties in paying the high electricity bill and said that in the district, there are still many poor households who are still lack of income in paying the electricity bill billed by the electricity department which is no longer in accordance with the electricity supply system.
"I love you," said Hep. Lydia was shocked and said, "Time will tell, Hep.
The driver was parked near a shop when petrol exploded and the vehicle caught fire and was badly damaged, the report said.
Or from marriage without any protection, especially when people are drunk.
To date, more than 12,000 students have received training and about 70% of the graduates have been employed by various automotive manufacturing companies and dealerships across the country.
When asked whether the rules imposed by the UDP as CEM are not like throwing a sword in the neck if he makes a mistake, Ardent said, “I don't feel anything if I am imposed on the rules for the sake of saving the country. but if they don't allow me to work for the nation, I will leave it to the wisdom of the people.
In protest against the request of the NPP-led Meghalaya Government to discuss the reservation policy at this meeting, VPP President Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit held a meeting to discuss the reservation policy. The indefinite curfew has been in place since the 23rd of this month at the Parking Lot opposite the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong.
He said that the ownership of land and land belongs only to the Dorbar Shnat Raid Tynring and no one can own the land within the Shnat Raid Tynring.
He said the BJP is pleased to welcome him as one of the former MLA leaders to join the party.
The Sairang-Hbichhuah Railway Line, which is located in western Mizoram and links to the Kaladan Multimodal Project, has also received approval.
It is through the market that there have been and will continue to be clean marriages between the Khasi and the Muslim Dkhars, Hindu Dkhars, Nepali Dkhars and other ethnic groups that cannot be mentioned here.
Speaking on the occasion, Mondal said the 33KV and 11 KV lines are the most affected lines, which supply electricity to West and South West Garo Hills from Rongkhon and Ampati.
Millions of war refugees after India's independence (1947) or those who fled the 1972 war in East Pakistan (or present-day Bangladesh) have entered safely with the blessing of Delhi and with the promise that they will leave after the war.
Avner Medon Pariat, VPP candidate who is contesting against East Shillong MLA and Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh in the 2023 Assembly elections, has been accused of insulting the party and support another political party through social media.
The purpose of these meetings was to express their opposition to the passage of the District Council Nomination and Election of Syiem, Deputy Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Malai Sohmat
Many of the residents of the state feel that the HNLC's visit to the negotiating table will end the bloodshed which has caused the loss of lives and injuries in the incidents. various bombs were carried out by this armed group.
He also suggested that NEHU should be appointed as the authority to oversee all the Central Government schools in the state.
Zinedan Lamin scored the two goals for Hungary in the 16th minute from the penalty spot.
Of course, this age is not easy and even the children of parents who spend time in the service of God are no different from the children of those who spend their nights only with the world.
She said that the OC of Mawrynkneng, who was present at the time, should have known that it was a terrible incident.
On Leslee's complaint that some schools have sent new books and do not accept old books, Dr Laloo said that if there is such a complaint to the government, the government will take action. it is necessary to punish those who do so.
All the policies that our state has implemented should not be biased against one ethnic group against others and should not be biased against all the Khasi-Jaintia people of Meghalaya as well.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday slammed the Congress party, saying that those who failed to win the elections have fled the field to contest. and to the Rajya Sabha in the state of Rajasthan.
She said that as women, she doesn't have any desire to become Rangbah Shnong but only to take part in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
The earthquake occurred between 2:30 and 3 pm that afternoon.
In the areas of Jirang Constituency, from Rani Kudam, Warmawsaw, Belaheri, Nongwahmawlein, Mawtamur and so on, the invasion and occupation of land by Assam to the Khasi lands is no longer easy.
In the case of coal mining, it is very important that the High Level is managed exactly.
India has already promoted sugarcane and sugarcane products at the IYoM, 2023 program organized by FAO in Rome, Italy.
In the second match, Lumbhahdakha beat Pammanik 2-0 with the goals scored by Sumarmiki Suting in the 38th minute and Pynkhreh Talang in the 66th minute.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has declared the 7th July, 2023 as a public holiday in all districts as part of the celebration of the Behdeiñkhlam of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
Kasparline said the DHS has clarified that all the documents related to the salaries of the employees have been sent to the Government and it is up to the Government to fulfill the remaining duties.
U Kerela :-This type of jhur although it is sweet but it is very beneficial in terms of health of the body during this season.
About 30 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel from the border outpost in Unakoti district of Tripura have been admitted to hospital on Tuesday after suspected of being infected with the virus. eat.
After taking six wickets in the first innings, Manish has now taken 14 wickets against Sikkim - one of Meghalaya's brightest bowling matches.
“If the UDP approves me, I am ready to contest the MP election from Shillong, but this decision will be taken after the party meeting to discuss the issue,” he said. you are Mawlai.
When asked, the Minister said that the cases filed by the NIA against the HNLC leaders are old.
Students of the area are kindly requested to submit their xerox marksheets to the Executive Committee by 17th November
“We have suggested to the government in the proposal to amend the 6th Scheduled that the appointment of MDCs should be abolished,” he said.
When asked, he said that inside this room, he had put ata, moida, suji.
After the arrest, police raided the residence of the suspect in Ahom Gaon, Guwahati and seized a large quantity of counterfeit money worth Rs 500 along with notes cut in the shape of the suspect. currency.
Because there was a viewpoint overlooking the hills, it also attracted visitors to stop on the way to Sohra.
The curfew will start from 8 pm to 5 pm on all three days.
The meeting was attended by the President of JSU Shri.Rikut.
The MEPA meeting today decided to express its opposition to the allegation by the Prime Minister that the media is the spreader of news. He also alleged that the newspapers publish only news, which pays them with money.
On the other hand, the SP of Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, said that Samla Baiateilang Lapang was taken to the police station on Friday evening from Diengpasoh under notice 41A in connection with case No 124(11)2023 U/ S 384/506/34 IPC at Nongpoh Police Station.
Read Archbishop Dominic Jala.
What shall we do then?15.
Kejriwal also hoped that in the future with the cooperation of all, cleanliness will be brought about in the city in all aspects where the implementation methods will be improved.
He said the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) will win only five seats in the upcoming elections.
Regarding the problems of the people living on the border, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that he will take action to talk to the government, in order to deliver more special development projects to those villages on the border. Assam, especially through the scheme which is exclusive to the border villages.
A brief speech was delivered on the work of the Christian Multi Media Ministry and especially on Good News TV, and its journey by Rev.VTS Langstieh, Chairman of the Ministry. Christian Multimedia Ministry.
Newhill LP School Ratacherra, which was established in 1998, on 14th November celebrated its 25th anniversary of serving children in the field of education.
It is to be recalled that these two players have already defeated their foreign opponents in the gold medal match between them in the CWG last year. in Birmingham.
This is not the first time but it has been found that Dhar Construction has done the same in Ranikor.
The marriage itself is a civil contract (while there is still an agreement, the husband can live together, if there is no agreement, the husband should be divorced, according to Talaq).
“We will decide tonight on the internet ban and we will confirm to lift the internet ban in parts of Jaintia Hills,” said Sanga after a meeting with the Home Minister. and other government officials.
During the programme, training was given to farmers from Mawbeh village, East Khasi Hills District to learn how to cultivate these varieties of medicinal plants in their farms.
So we immediately fled the scene and hid in a safe place,” said the village leader.
Jowai, November 20: The Water Resources Department of West Jaintia Hills District today held a FOCUS program related to training or awareness raising to various government departments and also to the residents on the implementation of Hydromet Stations in the rivers within the District.
The main objective of the NLM is to teach literacy to 80 million people aged 15-35 by the end of
After 41 days of investigation, police today rescued the man from the hands of five robbers. They found Das from Gaspara Simola, Amsui. Nagaon District (Assam) today at 3 pm from a house.
“Of course, there are problems but discussions are ongoing and we have tried to resolve this issue and there is no problem related to the import of petrol and diesel into the State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JSM Eastern Region Leader Wellson Siangshai said that since 2015, the JSM has been appealing to the state government to set up a Government College in Khliehriat for the students of JSM. East Jaintia Hills District, but the government has not yet responded to this demand.
Low Level FT has won the 1st Lurshai Hynniewta 7-A-Side Knock Out Football Tournament 2021 organized by the KSU Wapung Unit.
She tells him how much she has lost for him.
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma has admitted that the BJP's defeat in the Lok Sabha elections in the three states of the North East is due to the Speaking to reporters, Himanta Biswa Sharma said the party's defeat in Meghalaya, Nagaland and Manipur has been a source of concern for the BJP. This is because there are religious groups fighting against the government and party in the area, where this religious group has a large number of believers in the area.
When asked whether the HSPDP leaders will return to join the party after the new formation, he said, “All the office bearers will not return to the party, as the current leader is Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. “It's like a flower that blooms for a while but soon it will disappear,” said the rangbah. He said that about 500 leaders from Ri-Bhoi will no longer join the party.
Twenty-two people were shot dead and 60 others injured when a bloodthirsty gunman opened fire on a crowd in Lewiston, Maine, United States.
The parents, brothers and sisters of the husband.
Langsning coach Hering Shangpliang said that the children of Langsning have won twice at home but lost to TRAUT. and hopefully this same spirit will continue in tomorrow’s game.
“One thing that surprises the students is why the DC has the same authority as the police to drive out the students together with the police,” said the KNGCSU. that the violence shows the weakness of democracy in the country and threatens the bright future of the nation.
The KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF have apologized to one of the former journalists, EM Jose, who was reporting on their protest. The meeting was held today at Civil Hospital Junction.
Referring to religion, Moodi said that out of 100 households, the Presbyterian Church has about 20 households, the Church of God has about 1-2 households, the Catholic Church has about 2 households and then everyone is still in traditional religion.
However, many of our land has been bought by companies and foreigners in the name of the owners.
On the same day, he also announced the establishment of 15 new police stations, nine of which will be in Garo Hills, where there is a lot of violence, so that they can maintain peace and order in Garo Hills. this area.
Rest in peace bro.
“Since I assumed office as Minister of Sports, I have traveled around the State and I have also had the opportunity to talk to the youth and athletes.
The names of these students have been selected according to their marks in the NEET UG 2023 examination, he added.
It is learned that during the meeting with the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union, he said that he may visit Jowai tomorrow to take stock of the preparations and measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
The votes of the candidates from the 2nd Jowai Constituency are; u Wailadmiki Shylla (NPP)-14,079 votes, Awhai Andrew Shullai (TMC)- 11,412 votes, Moonlight Pariat (UDP) – 10,260 votes, Allan K.Suchiang (BJP) – 326 votes, Daniel Dan (INC) – 216 votes, NOTE – 423 votes.
The synsar is bought at different prices.
This kindness, his dedication for the welfare of the citizens of the Hima did not last long.
“The FASToM leader also declined to comment when asked whether the Government accepts the proposal to increase the salary.
In this regard, the AG has already said that the proposal meeting is scheduled to be held on the 15th or 16th of November.
He said that the party has gone to many places to hold such rallies to campaign against the previous government, but the party is not campaigning for anyone but to explain to the people. The people should know how to elect their leaders on the 27th of this month to lead the future of the nation to prosperity and change.
He said the Unitarian Church teaches to believe in one God, as believers he urged to hold the social commitment of the church that is to strengthen the faith and to be pure in spirit and to serve others and contribute to the the church and society to grow.
On the other hand, Dr War urged the residents who have to complete their quarantine to take responsibility as their misbehavior can endanger others.
A team of 20 members led by Bah Dipshon Rynthathiang, Chairman, MSOA Podium Finish Committee, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, MSOA Podium Finish Committee, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, MSOA, continued Phase-2 The sports talent identification was held on 8th June 2023 at St Francis School, Mronggre Village, Demdema C&RD Block, West Garo Hills District, about 80km from Tura. .
“Therefore, it is necessary for the government and various departments to take action to make agriculture one of the ways to enrich the farmers,” said Bah Ronie. .
Shillong: The Shillong Lajong U-18 team left the city today to take part in the Hero Elite League Play-Offs to be held in Goa.
Shillong, Nailur 8: KSU Sahsniang Unit today arrested a Bangladeshi Khar named Safibool Islam from the village who was ordered not to enter the village and smuggle illegally into the village. as a village law.
The awards were presented by Bah H.Shangpliang, Asst Director DSYA in the presence of Daniel Dann, DSO EKH, Father Sebastian Palatty, Principal H.Elias HSS, Father Carmel Myrthong, Vice Principal H.Elias HSS and Shillong: Sonavia L.Nonglait, daughter of Kong S.Lyngdoh Nonglait, resident of Sumer, Ri Bhoi District, who has just passed matric from MECL Secondary School, Sumer, has passed her matric. I went to class XI (Eleven) in Saint.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Ibanisha Kharbuki, the mother of these children, said that the relatives have laid flowers on their 10th birthday on 31st June, 2023 in memory of them.
However, many elders are ready to follow Bah Kimfa Marbaniang MLA, if he is willing to come out and form a new party,” said Bah Wanphai Dkhar, one of the young leaders of the UDP in West Khasi Hills. Hills.
Tamil Nadu has 234 constituencies.
Therefore, he urged the people to be vigilant in the election of leaders as South West Khasi Hills District also has conflicts with other countries or states.
In the first leg of the match, Dubakh C beat Ball Busters 51-21 points at Mawlai Nongpdeng Basketball Ground. G.Wanniang and Dubakh 'C' were named player of the match.
She was taken to doctors for medical examination and will be presented to the magistrate at 7.30 pm through video conferencing.
However, in another report, it was reported that the Prime Minister, who is aware of the protest by the MLAs from within to overthrow him, is ready to remove those ministers who are more supportive of him and appoint new ministers. another as in 2011 when there were sometimes attempts to overthrow him but they failed.
The UDP and NPP leaders who joined the HSPDP today at a meeting held at Umjarasi include UDP supporters led by Bah Sumarlang Swer, former Youth President of UDP Ri Bhoi. and NPP supporters led by Bobby Khongsngi.
Arvind Kejriwal held a meeting with AAP MLAs and MCD Councilors today to discuss the issues within the party.
The development of traditional farming methods as sustainable farming methods has led to the revival of soil fertility and reduction in the cost of farming. 425 KVKs (Krishi Vigyan Kendras) demonstrated traditional farming methods and conducted 6,777 information programs in which 6.80 lakh farmers participated.
Shillong, July 2022: The General Meeting of the Seven Village Assemblies of Shillong, Mawkhar, Wahingdoh, Riatsamthiah, Umsohsun, Mission Compound and Wahthapbru on Tuesday, July 3, office bearers and members of the Executive Committee of the Hynriew Shnong Conference for the year 2022-2
During the investigation, the suspects confessed that Naba Singh, who had smuggled the drugs to them, had left for Guwahati and immediately informed the Byrnihat Outpost Police to investigate and arrested him. to u.
There is no denying the fact that it was the demand for Hill State of the Eastern India Tribal Union together with the APHLC that fought hard and shouted “No Hill State, No Rest, No Hill State, Direct Action” until they got the Hill State. However, it was the HSPDP under the leadership, hard work and dedication of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, 76 HSPDP leaders and 42,600 volunteers. Hill State.
In the drama, it is also shown that the village authorities are quick to clean up the village, but even in the midst of the cleanliness, those who are clean continue to pollute, this forces the village authorities. They also called another dorbar to clean up and also gave awareness along with the work. This street drama was also witnessed by the people.
Till date, in Meghalaya around 100 drug abusers have been arrested by the police and this is a very sad scenario.
They gathered to protest against the killing of two youths, Nilotpol Das and Abhijit Nath at Panjuri near Dokmoka in Karbi Anglong on Tuesday night.
NHIDCL./R (E/24/A0008 dated 12.1.2024) on the Four Lane Road, on the failure to receive the report, the union has appealed again to the RTI with the reference number _First Appeal Reg.
Bah Robert said that the purpose of the Seng's visit to this village is to congratulate and also to encourage them not to be afraid even in the midst of this crisis but to stand up and fight. The Seng promises to be with them at all times and in cases when they need the Seng.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has announced the decision of the government to start issuing challans for the export of coal outside Meghalaya.
“What is needed for this government now is to understand that it is not worthy to hold office because it cannot fulfill its duty to the people of the state. The incident occurred in Mukroh and Shillong where the police ordered the shopkeepers to close their shops because they cannot provide security even in the city. “It is not right to introduce President Rule or to hold General Elections,” he said.
The Forum strongly supports the Union of Waheh Shnongs and many civil society organizations who are protesting against the proposal to import coal from abroad in East Jaintia Hills District and the Forum will continue to support them until I didn't win the thong.
In fact, the match was interesting, but due to the lack of opportunities to score, Diwian could not score a single goal until the end of the minute.
However, in Tripura, the Bangladeshi Dkhars were completely overwhelmed and invaded the whole state, while the indigenous people settled in their own country.
Deilangki Passah scored 25 runs off 12 balls while Heyomiki Ryngkhlem scored 24 runs off nine balls.
Chennai: DMK MP Dayanidhi Maran has strongly criticized those who speak Hindi from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar who come to work in Tamil Nadu. Nadu, they are limited to building houses, cleaning roads or cleaning toilets too.
In addition to these troops, 1,487 Russian combat vehicles were destroyed, 96 aircraft, 230 artillery shells and 947 vehicles, among others.
“When the advertisement is called, any youth of the community who is qualified can apply for this post,” he added.
It is alleged that these Karbi people threw stones, trees and shot with bird shotguns which prompted the police to flee the scene.
Conrad K Sangma has been appointed as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. There is a lot of expectation from the people that he will bring about a transformation in the state especially in the fields of education, health, tourism, etc. Conrad has expressed his desire to modify and transform the education sector from the out dated system that has been in place since that 30/40 years ago.
On the other hand, the President of FKJGP Sohryngkham Circle, Bah Wanlambok Kharmalki said that the FKJGP Sohryngkham Circle will not accept Khasi women who have married foreigners to buy land in Sohryngkham.
What the State Government can do for the benefit of sportsmen and sports management is to enact good laws and implement them properly.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has been re-elected as the Chief Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the 2023 term. 2026.
The arrested persons and the seized items were handed over to the PS-Umkiang for further investigation.
In the second half, Tpep Pale beat Loompyrdi Iongpiah 1-0 and R. Daosakhiat Syngkon scored the first goal in the 39th minute.
Other MDCs who took part in the discussion were Chief Executive Member Teinwell Dkhar, MN Mukhim, Lambor Malangniang, Bindo M Lanong. They opposed the CAB and this was discussed at the NEDA meeting this year in Guwahati.
The Government has also organized festivals such as Cherry Blossom to promote tourism.
About 30 two shakas marched around the city and KHNAM members also handed over a petition to every household of the government ministers demanding their resignation.
The seeds of trees are rich and easy to obtain but not the seeds of various trees.
The Word of God says: "Release the four angels who are bound at the great river Euphrates.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a long struggle in the past years and months to demand the establishment of the Lokayukta in Meghalaya.
However, while the police were returning from the village, the GNLA members who had escaped opened fire but no incident occurred. The body of the victim was brought to Williamnagar at 2 pm.
In the English Solo Competition, Dawbhaki Pde of Jowai Public School became the winner, Sangawaka Jungai came second and Darikynti Ryngkhlem of Government Girls Higher Secondary School Jowai came third.
We have also seen that the 22nd Law Commission has been set up to do this.
To plan for New Jowai by developing the villages which are now growing without any plan.
The shooting took place near Bolbogre village in South Garo Hills. Rajkhowa, who holds the rank of Deputy Commander-in-Chief of ULFA (I), is second only to U Paresh Barua.
S. Laloo, DMC, Bah L. Pohti, Project Manager DMF Trust, staff of Sarva Education Abhiyan (SSA), teachers and students.
The incident happened at 11 pm on Saturday while he was on his way to Shillong.
However, it is a day of education, encouragement from children, young people to adults.
DAMONMI DKHAR (UDP) –
“Although Nantu Das is still in Judicial Custody, the Vice-Chancellor should set up an inquiry within NEHU so that the perpetrator cannot return to work and punish him. situation within the university.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday, said that the reason for these areas to fall under the Micro-Containment Zone is after it was found that some people have been infected with Covid-1 19.
Shillong: The MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that although many of the people who used to oppose him in the last elections, they supported the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP). (NPP) in Mawlai constituency, but in 2023 he will return as MLA from Mawlai constituency.
The traditional dance group of Ri Raid Laban was performed by the Lawei Baphyrnai Khasi Traditional Dace Group.
“It is necessary to create a system that will help the people and protect the patients, not just give the will to the companies,” said PAC chairman Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The cleanliness drive was led by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Kong Dahunlang V Lyngdoh, MCS. SDO MeECL Bah E Pohshna, Traffic Incharge Bah Rocky M Umlong and Executive Officer of Jowai Municipal Bah SMse for their service and contribution to the community.
Muknor Thadmuthlong will play against Lion SC at 2.00 pm.
Referring to the matches of the team in the open, women's, mixed and senior teams, the report said that the team has been able to control and conduct the matches in all these categories at different levels. different from those who have taken part.
The festival ended on Monday after three days of starting.
According to the Minister, the transfer of the MPSCB to the Forest Department has been in the minds of the government for a long time.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has invited all political parties to a meeting to discuss the government's power outage on Tuesday.
For more information, please visit the NEPA website, http://www.nepa.
On the 27th and 28th, several houses and electricity posts were also damaged in South West Garo Hills.
At the end of his speech, the Waheh Shnong congratulated all the members of the Panaliar Tourism & Environmental Development Society, as well as the officials of the Soil Department who have improved the site and preserved the animals. and to protect the environment.
At the same time, she explained some of the rules and regulations for the students to know how to deal with HIV/AIDs and what to do when they find them. .
Nongstoin, March 15: The West Khasi Hills District is one of the largest and oldest districts in the country.
It is to be recalled that the Karbi have cut down more than 50,000 tree trunks in the village.
“Myllung Soso Tham has contributed to the nation with his words and writings,” said Bah Samuel. The nation is united to support their struggle.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, a member of the committee, said that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the 7th of this month has summoned them to appear before the Superintendent of Police. the Deputy Commissioners and the Chairperson of the Women Commission to discuss this issue.
“If the MRSSA is implemented only in nine villages and if the gates are not standing, I feel that it is a ja khawot law and it is not yet a complete law,” said the President of the KSU. newspaper on Friday.
He said that the time has come for the people of Muliang and Rambrai Jyrngam constituencies to unite to elect Bah KP Pangñiang. babe pat after.
Dr Mawthoh said that the traffic jam in the city has been discussed and this is an opportunity to improve the city of Shillong. It is located in the middle and more beautiful of Shillong and will make it easier to travel.
When asked whether the charge under 307 IPC against those who collided with others' vehicles has been charged against others in the past, Kharkrang said that there has never been a charge against him. 307 IPC in motor vehicle collision.
Police have arrested about 20 HANM leaders including a taxi driver from the residence of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani at Mawkasiang on the 26th of this month which is the 5th Anniversary of HANM. HANM.After this, the police have released 17 persons and arrested 3 leading leaders of the party and today these 2 leaders of the party have been released except for u Leader of HANM from West Khasi Hills.
“We are ready to talk to the PCF,” said Bah Dkhar.
The theme of the competition is women empowerment and environmental sustainability.
In the first semi final, NEHU, Shillong played against St. Anthony's College. After winning the toss, NEHU, Shillong chose to bat first.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of the area, James Sangma, expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister, who has fulfilled the long-awaited demands of the people and praised the The Chief Minister has been able to achieve the vision of the late Purno Sangma, who was one of the strongest advocates for the creation of the Rongjeng Civil Sub Division.
The District Social Welfare Officer, while welcoming all the elderly who attended the meeting, said that in fact the world celebrates this special day of the elderly on the 1st of March. every year.
These are A+, which includes Advisers and Sitting MLAs, A which includes Ex-MLAs and Sitting MDCs and B and C Category which is left to the Prime Minister to look after and remove.
I did not say that those people who have been abducted are members of the KSU or any other group, but let the law do whatever it takes,” he said.
“Forty Indian soldiers, including two majors, were released by Chinese troops this evening, after three days of talks between the two sides,” the report said.
The Dorbar Kyrsu Kyllod of the Seiñraij Pasyih (Raij Tuber) which was held today at Pasyih Village was very successful with the turnout of the children of the Seiñraij Pasyih.
The BJP has confirmed that the Congress has not understood even to the extent that it has insulted its own leaders who have served as Prime Ministers.
In a supplementary question, Bah Adelbert expressed his concern that the youth have spent too much time looking for jobs, saying that it means that the Government is still considering. expressed his dissatisfaction with the way the MLA brought the question, saying that the MLA cannot come and perform drama in the House.
When the Ñiam began, the Nai Wisu began first with the Kbai Mooknor.
“We don't say anything but he is not the one who committed the crime and we strongly condemn that,” said the MDC. On the other hand, the leader said that they demand that the government should pay compensation to the family of Bah Ronding who has lost his employer.
After this, the men's team of the state came out again to compete in the 4x400M race where once again the team won the gold medal. The young women won the bronze medal.
“We have tried to talk to them but they say go and get the money from the districts. However, if they have less, they should release 50% because the money is too much and then they will stop, but the government pays only 10%.
May God the Creator guide and enlighten our minds so that we can do what is right for ourselves and our children.
Therefore, those who oppose should think carefully about this, as this is the livelihood of 8 lakh people.
It would be a great help if you could provide the phone number or email ID of the leaders of this organization.
“In fact, it is the duty of the government to appoint a person to take over the post of secretary immediately after the retirement of the former secretary so that the people can escape from the problem,” said the president of BJYM. It takes up to four months to appoint a new one while vehicle owners and drivers face many problems.
Although the Crinoline Swimming Pool at Malki has been built by Dohlieh since World War II, the State Government has not yet been able to build a 50 meter high Standard Pool. .
“The government has not done anything to control the price of dewbilat and the people are listening and for this reason, the company has taken advantage of the price,” said a farmer. dewilat for about 100 years in Shillong.
Through this, the Minister said that it is estimated that about 450 vehicles will be exempt from the roads during the school hours.
He said the top task for the district authorities is to rescue the 40 people who were trapped inside.
Jason S Mawlong, NPP candidate from Umsning, said that when we look back in the past years, the people have trusted me and I have tried to do my best. Many changes have come since the roads of budlum, development, but the outbreak of Covid-19 has made it difficult to complete the development works and hopefully if the people are still able to complete many of them. aspiration as intended.
The song 'Jana Gana Mana' was composed in Bengali by Rabindranath Tagore in 1911, when India included Balochistan to the west and Sylhet to the east. The Constituent Assembly, which will be the national anthem or patriotic song, on 24th July
This is not only true today but has always been true.
Furthermore, according to the PIA notification. 15/2018/32 6-3-2019, The Government has appointed Bah Hubert Marbaniang as Vice Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation & Monitoring Committee (SGPI & MC) in the rank of category B.
These students include Amelari Kyrpang Puweiñ Class X who got 12th out of 20 students of Anderson Higher Secondary School Nongstoin.
“We are looking for ways and means to resolve this long-standing problem,” she said.
This trade should be stopped because the state owners do not get anything.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Suchiang, Ri Bhoi District and the Nongpoh Unit, have strongly condemned the arrest of Fermandes Mawsynbai, an elder who allegedly misused the name of the Kur Suchiang. They organize football tournaments, but in fact the Kur doesn't have any information about those football tournaments.
He said that the two HSPDP MLAs who have agreed to leave the party government hope that the UDP will lead the government supported by the Congress, TMC and VPP. Unfortunately, the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has left to support the NPP and this seems to have encouraged the people.
Looking back on the match between the two teams, it was not a pleasant one to witness in which there was no score, although Lamare SC lost one player who scored a goal. redcard in the 20th minute and had to play with only 10 men but they did not lose heart.
Shillong, Lber 7: The East Jaintia Hills District Council (EJNC) on Tuesday met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADC) of East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday. 3 demands of the union regarding the improvement of NH-4
Everything you do with a smile, whether small or big, if it is a habit in life, brings about a big change in a person's health.
He said that Khasi, Garo and Jaintia languages ​​should be made compulsory in all schools up to class
Shanme Warlarpih (31) scored the second goal after half an hour to make it 2-0
On 3rd November 2014, the party sent a letter to the Prime Minister, in which it gave him 45 days to withdraw these anti-people decisions, but so far, nothing has been done. what is the answer from the government.
They will participate in the Indian Panorama Film Festival 2016 organized by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of Meghalaya.
In the House recently, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, said that many of the students who went to study MBBS doctors without government funds have not returned after graduation. study to serve in the state and do not respect the contract with the government.
These two offices include the Umden Area and Umïam Area, where the President of HITO Ri Bhoi District, u Bah Ban Kharnaior in the presence of other leaders from the District.
There are more than 100 Matriculation graduates and about 36 Christians of this parish are in government service.
According to sources across the state, it is understood that the Congress party will nominate new candidates this time and not those who are currently in the MLA seat.
Dr. M Ampareen Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Law, Information and Public Relations and also to the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem congratulated the Women's Assembly of the Presbyterian Church Diwon for taking the initiative to hold such a program every year to raise funds. to complete the construction of the house of the Women's Wing and as an MLA he will also look for ways and means to implement schemes for the Women's Church so that they can complete the house.
The Railway authorities have already promised such a thing,” he said.
After this, efforts were made to create opportunities where the education of the children should not be interfered with.
“Congratulations to the Nagaland Cricket Association for winning the BCCI's U-23 Plate Group by beating Meghalaya in the final at Sovima,” Bhattacharjee said.
When the Heprit sank, some people saw that it had fallen into the unknown, which was seen by a child and who told the people who were there.
Other sources said that the Rangbah Shnongs and Khlieh Nongsynshar Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, who planned to hold a public meeting at Paham Syiem Square, Nongpoh, said that they have the intention of In order to ask the people to decide not to cooperate with the government, they have suspended for now.
You shouldn't pay 20,000 or 30,000 because you're too busy.
Speaking to reporters, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the bridge may have collapsed because it is too old for 50 years. The bridge has been cut down and moreover the work was done in the old days and it was not used according to the present era when there are many heavy vehicles, so this bridge has been cut down.
On the same day, the Khasi Students Union East Jaintia Hills Unit was also inaugurated and the senior leader confirmed and swore in the leaders and office bearers of the union.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a curfew in East Khasi Hills District from 8 pm on 19th June to 5 pm on 31st June
Army spokesman Lt Col S Newton told reporters: "We don't have enough information, but it is estimated that the death toll has risen to
This is the first time that a Union Minister has visited India during the curfew. This is the first time that a Union Minister has visited the country during the curfew. the state.
The festival will also feature food items such as Kong Thangkhiew's food stall from Umsning, Dukan Meiduh from Mylliem, Pyrda Saw from Mylliem. Nongpoh, Bei PWD from Lachumier, Tratoria from Khyndai Lad, You n ICafé, Chicken Wagon and others.
Nongpoh, Nailur 19: Two teams will win the title of one of the biggest tournaments at Madan Kurkalang, after reaching the semi final and the trophy from the The fee for the tournament is T.5 lakh for the winner and T.2 lakh for the runner-up.
At the same time, she replied that some employees have been employed on an outsource basis.
The meeting also focused on the issue of prevention of tuberculosis, especially to reduce the impact on the body due to tuberculosis. robotic or robotic-assisted procedures, and other state-of-the-art equipment for the treatment of chronic diseases.
However, these foreigners have used fraud to apply for PRC from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and have fraudulently and deceived to get the MBBS scholarship. They have written to the DC to demand the abolition of the MBBS Seat Quota because this child and his father have cheated and cheated for their own benefit.
Why doesn't the ED come to Meghalaya?
The Cooperative Extension Officer of C&RD Laskein Block, Ma Barister Niang, as the chief guest, opened the pig farm and blessed and advised the leaders and members of the society to have a spirit of unity so that the goal of the society will be achieved. their will be successful.
He said that according to this agreement, the Hima Mawphlang has allocated land to the government to build a dam to distribute money to Shillong. “As promised, the Government has decided to appoint 16 persons from the Hima Mawphlang Hima for Grade-III and Grade-IV posts. The PHE department has started appointing contracts since
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that child marriage has led to an increase in part-time school dropouts and poverty in the state.
Fr.Manbha Pakem also promised that the JHDS will continue to support them especially in the distribution of these foods made from Krai.
The support of the BJP has ensured that Ampareen and Agatha will win 100% of the MP elections.
With respect, the MEIIEID and her children, in fact, are related only to the same woman's claim title, there is no relationship on the part of the Longdoh-longsnam. by blood) because it had no part in the giving of their longrynieng, if we base it properly, there is a vast difference between Heaven and Earth.
However, now it is a horse racetrack for those who want to benefit themselves. During the election, they say we will shape the country and the nation as soon as we win. Why don't they get a soap for the benefit of their children and the community?
We are saddened to know that the Assamese when they came to destroy these electricity posts, they came with 3 buses of police and it shows that they came in this way, in order to intimidate the people. who are in this city.
The meeting on 19th November 2022 unanimously decided and supported Lakhon Biam and the allegation by Nangbah Village is wrong and unfounded.
MeECL officials have admitted that this incident is different from the others.
Police from East Jaintia Hills together with ANTF from East Khasi Hills raided the house of Rihun and recovered 29.05 grams of heroin.
The Prime Minister's remarks came after the UDP announced that the vacant post of Lamphang after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy should remain in the UDP. “The ruling party has its own opinion, but in the end, the decision will be taken by the MDA to join all the allies for the post of Lamphang,” he said.
Kyntien Phira, love yourself and honor others.
Lt. Gen.
The new members include Darihun Marbaniang, State Women Vice President, Moromi Marak, State Women Vice President, Dakaniwan Shullai, State Women General Secretary, Matilda Kharbuki, State Women General Secretary, Grace Lanong, State Women General Secretary. Soma Roy, State Women Secretary, Rilaakor Syiemlieh, State Women Treasurer, Lolita Kharpor, Adviser, and Danna Hynniewta, Media Coordinator.
(Email ID: cggc.
The greatest tribulation will be during the three and a half years of Satan's rule over the earth.
After the meeting, a Free Medical Check Camp was held for the residents of Mukhla and 25 residents benefited.
He said that as of now, the existence of Paragraph 12 A, there is no point in the District Councils to be created because if the government creates laws, the laws of the District Councils will die.
Shillong, November 18: The indefinite strike by the DSC examination under the banner of the Association of Qualified Candidates, Grade-IV-2011, East Khasi Hills has continued for three days on Tuesday. .
With 13 points, Mawlai have finished fourth in the round robin.
He was speaking in response to allegations by the Voice of the People Party (VPP) that the State Government has not done anything to resolve the issues faced by the students. Rakkam urged the VPP to meet him so that he can explain to them about this.
JAM Trinity has increased its financial inclusion from 25% in 2008 to more than 80% in the past 6 years, a reduction of 47 years due to DPI. The document states, “While the role of DPIs in speeding up processes is undeniable, other areas and policies that have evolved as a result of the presence of DPIs are also important.
The ceremony was attended by Sohblei Manbha Pakem, Director Youth Diocese of Jowai Diocese.
The funeral service should be limited to 40 persons, but with the permission of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO), West Jaintia Hills District with the participation of 64 schools.
When he came to work, he helped for a while and went back to class at 6:30 pm.
You pat.
Shillong: The leader of the Persons with Disabilities, Bah Starwin Kharjana, on Tuesday admitted that there are only about 80 persons with disabilities who have completed matriculation and above, who have been employed by the government. year 1995.
The leaders at that time were from the ruling APHLC party who initiated the employment divide between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
The program will run from 2nd March 2019 to 31st July
In the final, St. Edmund's, which chose to bat first, scored 107 runs for the loss of three wickets in 15 overs.
“This is my second time to contest MLA so the people need to think and understand to elect their leaders because this time the NPP government will come back,” said Bah Gigur.
They also urged that an order should be issued that Bishnu should not enter New Balakhawa until the matter is decided.
It stipulated that the complainants and the complainant should be allowed to discuss and that the Dorbar should take a decision in the presence of the Chairman of the Council.
There are also 81,000 voters for the first time.
Even the ksew is killed and carried away by the big snake.
They were asked to join the Indian Dominion in 1947.
Besides, he is also responsible for the community, so the people love him and as it is now, the signs show that the hard work of the office bearers of the Youth Wing and Womens Wing, within the Under his leadership as president of the constituency, within 10 months, it has been able to appoint about 40 Primary Units along with office bearers and members across the constituency.
“There is a significant difference in the price of Smart Meters in the market and the price of Smart Meters.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh said, “We are here to thank God for giving the Church Elect Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar to be the Chief Justice of Jowai. and we congratulate the new Bishop who has been willing to say yes to the will of God through Pope Francis to take over this heavy responsibility entrusted to him, therefore you brothers and sisters pray for the new Bishop your.
The tournament was organized by the Archery Association of Meghalaya at the SAI STC ground at NEHU. also those who did not win the final.
According to the HANM leader, on the 10th of June, the HANM had sent a demand to the government but so far the government has not done anything. He said the government has returned the DPR estimated for the construction of the road.
It is also our mission to provide the best education to the children, no matter where they come from.
During his visit to Mawkyllei, u Bah Jyndiang said that it was Maieid Hoping who encouraged him to reach this goal and he believes that his victory is Maieid Hoping's dream come true.
When asked who is eligible to be the Chief Minister of the state, they replied, “We have chosen the Garo people to be the Chief Minister. VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been appointed as the Chief Minister of the state.
Shillong: “It is true that I issued the challans for the sale of cows because I got the authority from the former Director,” said the DTO of Manai. they wonder who gave and how they received.
Speaking to Tyndong Sawa, Kentli Tangsang said, “To lose this football ground is impossible and it will never happen”.
However, what surprised me was the news that appeared in the Shillong Times on the 27th of this month which said: The Government will hold a special prayer on the 3rd of May. to hold this special prayer at 12 noon on the 30th.
The NPP and its candidates have not been able to win the trust of the majority of the people, especially in the Khasi Hills.
This protects the chicken's vision which can also harm the chickens.
Chapter 24.
The political leaders said that they cannot understand why these people don't want to come forward to announce themselves as candidates and to speak on the issues they have to speak at this time of crisis. The elections have started well, the law does not allow them to do politics while they are in government service. The question now is why when they have the intention to contest elections, they are still in government service. Why don't you pay government salaries?
According to a post by former Chief Minister of Meghalaya Dr. Mukul Sangma on his Facebook page, it was seen that the girl called him and tried to cheat him to get money but she failed. He urged the people to avoid these people who want to deceive and create opportunities just to get money.
“After careful consideration, on the 6th, 2019, the Governor said that according to Article 21, no person shall be deprived of his rights unless there is a the law,” said Bah Khongji.
The President of KHNAM YW, Bah Thomas Passah, said that only three parking lots, Laban, Mawprem and Polo, were found that when asked for Labor License, these foreigners shook their heads. There is also one person we ask who doesn't have a Labor License,” said Thomas.
I remember when I was young, if I sent messages to anyone who had grown up, if I didn't obey, I would be beaten by them. When I told them at home, they would shoot me again and say, 'Why are you clean?' However, in this age, don't go and shoot the children of people. The parents will immediately come and turn around and say that you have killed your son. .
Rishi was rushed to HN Reliance Hospital, Mumbai on Tuesday morning, but died today.
It is to be recalled that the KHADC has empowered the Seng Khasi through a public notice since 2005 to codify the customs and traditions across the Khasi Hills, said Bah Kworshon.
The fourth commandment, in the areas where there is soh kymphor, you shall not eat the soh kymphor that has been left well. sying bah, half a handful of sying makhir, stir until well mixed and put in half a bottle and use as directed above.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma on November 3 inaugurated the 100 bedded hospital in Jowai.
Regarding what I have heard, if there are any of us Khasi people, who will say again, why should we stop what our ancestors said and did, it is something that cannot happen here. high spirit em.
The Special Session of the KHADC has passed the Bill despite the opposition of members including KHNAM MDCs, and some others.
This work has been accomplished with the participation of all the households in their respective villages within the village.
But there is no such thing.
Thus, the Super 500 falls into Grade 2 of the BWF Tournament Ranking System.
Writings and discussions appeared, “Who killed Father Stan? Father Stan will live in the hearts of those who are persecuted.
A CRPF officer has been missing from his home for more than three years and the Central Police Department (CRP) has announced that he has been missing for more than three years. The government has already paid a monthly pension of T.12,000 per month and now his wife has received about T. lakh tyngka from the CRPF as pension for the death of her husband.
In the quarter final, Lumpariat beat Dulong 3-0
Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA expressed his gratitude to the MDA government for its support to the Association which has fought this case until it has won. to address the concerns of the people of the state.
“If the MDA has done well, it will bring trouble to the Congress in 2023, but now the people will be better than the Congress,” he said.
“The report said that “overloaded vehicles should not be allowed to pass through the road while the workers are working (including the construction of the bim and deck slab) and that “Only 15 MT should be allowed to carry through this bridge,” the letter said.
Khliehriat, Nailur 16: The Border Security Force (BSF) today arrested two Bangladeshis who had entered the country. The BSF troops have handed over the suspects to the Umkiang Patrolling Post.
Arunachal won seven silver and five bronze medals.
These policies were launched by VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit in the presence of other senior party leaders at the Sweet Home Guest House in Motinagar, Shillong.
He said India has found a new way to win in four sports compared to the previous tournament.
Speaking to the students, the DGP said that the state police have worked hard to eradicate this illegal alcohol which is worse than the Corona Virus or Covid-1 on steady diffusion.
He said he would seek a report from the PHE on the progress of the water supply scheme in Shillong.
The winners of the Prime Meghalaya competition have received T.50 lakh to start their own businesses and others have received T.10 lakh, T. .5 lakh, T.3 lakh.
It is worth mentioning that the BJP's decision to ban BJP members from speaking to the media came after Bah AL Hek had told the media that elections should be held for the to elect a new President of the party in the state.
The suspect from Miangshang Kyntoit Kutraw village raped the woman on the night of the 21st of this month at about 11:00 PM at her residence. long in the village of Nongsba.
Although the Meghalaya State League 2023 came to an end on Saturday in the city, many of the clubs participating in the tournament have expressed their dissatisfaction with the tournament.
It was like a suggestion to the Prime Minister.
The Government has a plan to build its own university to prevent students from competing for the CUET. Such a plan is childish and disrupts education.
According to him, the situation in Khanduli has started to improve and so far there has been no incident.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved the names of the members of the Expert Committee for the review of the recruitment quota in the State. within 12 months.
HYC President Amberligh Masharing said that 10 kilograms of heroin were seized from them.
Shillong: BSF troops of 172 Bn, today seized cows and a large quantity of shni, which was supposed to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Nature has been able to breathe again.
The Government should look into the problems of the residents who are suffering extremely in society, education, income, which result from the old farming methods, lack of good health facilities. and also for those villages which cannot build roads because of the hills, rivers and streams.
There were 36 teams (26 men and 10 women) participating in the tournament.
The incident happened at 10 am this morning at Saiden village and the driver of the Grand i10 (ML 10 B 6966) was identified as Bah Ricky Kharmawlong. The driver of the Bolero Pick Up (ML 10 C 0948) was identified as Tanborlang Kharsiang of Mawiong.
The Lapangap Village Authority stands on the grounds that this area falls within the state boundary and demands that the district authority should stop the construction of this road.
On the 30th June 2023, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh inaugurated the program at the Parish Hall Nongpoh in the presence of the DC of Ri Bhoi District, DHS (MI) and other officials. senior government officer.
Shillong, November 18 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Monday announced that the government will set up about 100 processing plants to facilitate the farmers to market their produce. of them after they have been qualified.
Anju and Sandhiya continued to play chess, and had many chances to score, but by the end of the first half, India were still leading 2-0
Speaking to reporters at the Congress headquarters in Shillong, Bobeeta Sharma, who was appointed by the AICC, to speak on the issue, said that we all know about the nomination. Rahul Gandhi as a Member of the Lok Sabha and we have also seen the work and hard work of Rahul Gandhi, to speak on many issues affecting the people of the country. countries in their daily lives, whether it is the increase in the price of food and beverages, unemployment, the safety of women, the rights of indigenous peoples and many others. he is the voice of the people throughout the land.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) will hold a selection program for the next match of the OC Blue SPL on Tuesday between Nangkiew Irat SC and Malki SC. The 2nd North East Games 2022 will be held in Meghalaya from 30th March to 6th November
“We are not distracted by the opposition's claims but we put the welfare of the people first and work to achieve it,” he said.
The house is about 20 to 18 feet tall, according to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah J Sohkhlet.
The MDC did not say whom the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and his ministers support, as perhaps this is not a discussion only inside the Council, but it is necessary to discuss on the T .5lak, which has been allocated by the District Council Affairs Department, to spend the elections and whether this amount of money, is included in the calculation, which these candidates have spent, or whether it is just spent by these candidates. ministers and Kings, to the right side.
Therefore, understanding the need to hold meetings inside Government offices in relation to their duties, it is necessary for such meetings to follow the rules or safety measures that need to be followed. and all the individuals who participate in such meetings.
The Umkiang Women's Association in collaboration with the Umkiang Police Patrol Post on 21st November conducted a training on the dangers of drugs, the impact of child marriage and the POCSO Act.
The TMC leader said that peace and stability should be maintained which is the responsibility of the two states, and condemned the actions of the governments to bring bad news to the state.
In Nagaland, the number of cases of covid-19 has risen to 123 with five new cases reported today.
The Group will also oppose the forced mandatory vaccination of Covid-19 against the citizens of the State in taking the Forced Mandatory Vaccination of Covid-1 that power people.
It was then that a protest broke out inside SSKM Hospital against Banerjee's insult to the pediatric doctors by saying that they are foreigners, and alleging that there is a conspiracy of the BJP and CPM. Banerjee's insulting remarks have prompted doctors to threaten to resign in many hospitals.
Speaking to reporters, Alexander said he has not yet decided which party to contest from as he has to consult with his supporters.
We should also know that in India, there are no more Hima or Muslim Hima and Kings.
He said the North East is one of the fastest growing regions.
Nongstoin, March 14: The meeting of the Regional Committee for Border Settlement, chaired by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, was held today at Trysem Hall of the DC Office. It was decided to meet with the people of Langpih area in a peaceful and orderly manner.
“The Prime Minister needs to convene a High Level Meeting with the army so that the people will not suffer.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Samlin Malngiang said that Sohiong constituency is a bright and intelligent constituency because in the past years there have been some who are still wrong, but now they have understood. After seeing that other parties, they said that they don't need to send agents from other parties to join the NPP. The border between Meghalaya and Assam and there is also a desire to remove the themmetor.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, MLA of Pynursla, who is also the National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), has decided to contest from the United Democratic Party (UDP). The UDP MDC who leads the Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh constituency has denied the allegation.
In the Compound, the men's team of Ojas Deotale, Rishabh Yadav and Prathamesh Jawkar received a bye and beat Indonesia 236-228 before being defeated. 231-234 in Mexico.
Johnson's films have grossed $8.2 billion worldwide and are considered the highest grossing films to date.
From this moment on, Bhutan were able to beat Meghalaya with Choden scoring again in the 62nd minute and Dela Lhazom scoring later to give Meghalaya the lead. from 4-2.
The cyclone will cause weather changes with areas of strong winds and rain and will rise from the Bay of Bengal and will reach Bangladesh via Khepupara and Chittagong at speeds of 65 to 75 kmph or less. Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Assam and Meghalaya in the North East as well as Kerala and Tamil Nadu in the west are affected by the cyclone. .
This is the highest number of cases in hospitals in Delhi.
“We as the government recognize your hard work which you have done to achieve victory and win medals and this should not end, you should have a goal to achieve more. “You are the future of the state,” said Bah Shakliar.
He said that once the vehicles are parked along the road, there will be no traffic jam because of the narrow road.
UDP Chief Secretary Bindo M Lanong has announced that he will contest the 2023 election from Nongkren Constituency while UDP MLA Lambor Malngiang has announced that he will contest the 2023 election from Nongkren Constituency. There were also reports that he had applied for a ticket to contest from the UDP from Nongkrem Constituency and this has upset the residents of this constituency.
“The HNLC also urges the people not to vote for the NPP in this mid-term elections, as a sign of protest against the assassination of Bah Cherish Thangkhiew.
Padmaavat starring Ranveer, Deepika and Shahid Kapoor is a film about one of the great Rajput queens, Rani Padmavati and was released in
By prioritizing the payment of salaries, we can create an environment that will encourage teachers to work harder and to focus better on the welfare of children,” she added. .
“We don't have enough infrastructure on the roads, we don't have a medical college, engineering college and one of the things that the people have suffered is the traffic jam and only if the people of the state allow it. “The two-engine government ruled by the same party in Meghalaya and Delhi will bring development works to the state as other neighboring states have experienced,” he said.
The youth don't care much about those events after the country gained independence, because what is in front of them is that they see that there is hope, love and a bright future.
“The tourist comes to Sohra and pays only T.15-T.20 entrance fee. Otherwise, he doesn't have anything to spend in Sohra Market or to buy furniture or to stay,” he said. Mr. Chyne.
Those who took part in the discussion were Rev. ES Langstieh, Rev. PBM Basaiawmoit, Tymmen Basan Dr. DRL Nonglait and Barkos Warjri, Addl Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
This strengthens the sovereignty in the entire state.
Hammech Salah 5
The Ministry of Education also has to take responsibility for not being able to provide the necessary documents to prove the expenditure received from various grants or supports amounting to T.2264 crore,” he said. “These figures show that the Government of Meghalaya has no responsibility for education.
In the first match of the U-14 category, JNM SS Lamin beat North Liberty HSS 3-0
B.Nampui, today sent a letter to the office of the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer East Jaintia Hills and urged the government to take action to improve education in the area and to allocate more funds. bun in the development of city knowledge.
Police are conducting investigation and are looking for those involved in the incident.
On the other hand, Bah Tynsong, yesterday, ordered the teachers, to go home and end their protest, assuring that the government, will implement the demand. of them, which he confirmed up to 101 percent.
Shillong: Two children from Lawblei village, 10 kilometers from Mawkyrwat, have drowned in the Umngi River in South West Khasi Hills District today.
He added that the SSA teachers are appointed by the School Mananging Committees and if the government decides to transfer them to the education department of the state government, many of the SMCs are run by different religions. they are different.
Three members of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) have been arrested from Kakwa Nameirakpam Leikai village, Imphal West district. Police also recovered a 9mm pistol, 30 rounds of ammunition, two magazines, two Chinese-made hand grenades and three mobile phones.
At the same time, he was a leader who had been elected to the Constituent Assembly and was close to the Premier of Assam, Gopinath Bordoloi. Because the conspiracies of Assam did not allow this island and they forcibly included the 25 Hima Khasi States under the Sixth Schedule under the rule of Assam.
The Church, the bride, is still waiting.
Speaking to media, Tushar Nagar, General Manager of the Five Star Hotel, said that the hotel has 182 rooms including 10 luxury rooms such as delux and luxury suits worth up to Rs 40,000 per night including taxes.
Likewise, it is only when we see the UCC Bill that we can stand as a government.
He said that in other districts, the Deputy Commissioners have been empowered to decide according to the situation in the district and added that 20 percent of the shops which do not sell food items or which fall under the Non-Essential category will also be opened.
“Residents should think of their dogs as the rightful owners and put tags on their necks through the municipal to go immediately to register their dogs,” he said. said Mr. Adelbert.
Moodymmai beat Saindur Mihmyntdu 2-0 while three other matches ended in a draw in the Third Division Football tournament hosted by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
A woman has lodged a complaint at Shillong Sadar Police Station that her husband Robin Chettri, 53, has been trying to marry her 18-year-old girl since
I like the character of Bah HS Shylla and that is that he is a sincere person and he doesn't give up.
According to the report, India has reduced the poverty rate in the country from 29.17% in 2013-14 to 11.28% in 2022-23 or a decrease of 17.89 percentage points.
He said that as of now in Ri Bhoi, there is no incident of violence in Mukroh and the peace and order of the people has returned and even the police are conducting patrols to ensure. There should be no disturbance to the peace and order of the people and especially to the traffic through this road in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Arkhelos Diengngan, Chairman of the Committee, said that the purpose of the Demand Committee to hold the meeting is after the meeting. The State Government has delayed in opening the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, while the three other Civil Sub Divisions announced by the Government have already been opened and now only Mawshynrut remains.
Shree Tushar Bhajanka, Executive Director of Star Cement, expressed his concern over the plight of the people and said that when the environment causes damage, it is right for everyone to stand together. to help each other.
However, because the British Government was too strong and too numerous by calling and recruiting Khar Bengalis, Khar Sikhs, Khar Korkhali, Khar Rajput, Khar Bihari and others, it defeated and occupied them. Khasi Hills.
JOWAI: The Priang Youth's Welfare Sports Club in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Jowai has organized a Youth's Club Development Camp on 20th July with the participation of hundreds of youths from different villages. .
The body of the girl arrived at Guwahati airport this morning and the relatives of the girl have taken her to the hospital with the assistance of the police. and the last ritual shall be performed tomorrow, the first day.
Police said Manbha Kumar Haijam Syiem was involved in the death of Victoria after they lived together in Hyderabad.
HRD Minister MM Pallam Raju, who had suspended his resignation letter last night, has announced that he will continue as he has decided to resign from the post of Minister. Dr. Manmohon Singh said that he has taken a hasty decision without looking carefully.
He said that the purpose of the protest is to send a message to the Government that if it does not implement the ILP, or any law to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners, No ILP, No Railway should be used to introduce a railway line in the State, whether in East Jaintia Hills or Ri-Bhoi.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was conducted by Wombai Sumer, President of PKKWO. A short speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong and welcome speeches by Bah Arwanki L.Laloo, Secretary, PKKWO. The Waheh Chnong said that the cleanliness of the morning is one of the most important things in human life so we should clean ourselves, our homes and the streets to get the cleanliness of the village as a whole.
Regarding the sale outside the APMC, small farmers will suffer when they sell outside the APMC and will have to be responsible for their own transportation costs and so on.
Mawthoh recalled that in 2014, the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM had offered him to contest as a coalition candidate, but he refused. “I don't want to,” he said, adding, “The time has come and I'm ready now.”
The meeting decided that the Labang-Nongphyllut area, the Nongphyllut District and the Pangam-Raliang area are part of Jaintia Hills and the inhabitants are Pnars (Jaintia). The Jaintia Durbar has issued a Note of Dissent by L.Khyriem MLA. Furthermore, the Notification No.TAD/R /31/50/ 149, 13th April 1951, there is no further reason why this Notification dated 13th April 1951 has been published by Memo.
The Khasi people are a people who respect their fellow human beings, whether they are foreigners or Mynder.
He said that if Dr. Nonglait gets the BJP ticket and wins, she will be one of the leading women to speak on the issues of the state in Parliament and will be a pride for the people of Shillong Parliamentary seat to have a woman who is intelligent and responsible for the people.
The new office bearers include Rangbah Shnong Doncaster Shabong, Assistant Rangbah Shnong Seibor Sana, Secretary Rustan Shabong, Assistant Secretary Paul Marwein, Treasurer Borsing Myrthong and 19 Rangbah Dong.
Now it is up to Bah Mawrie and Bah Hek to explain because Bah Hek has told me this,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The VDPs claimed that they had received the authority from the Rangbah Shnong to examine the health of the passengers and to check the car passes.
In the inspection of the union today we saw many foreigners who have trading license but most of the shopkeepers do not have Labor License while most of the teer counters have trading licence. The union has given two months to those shops which do not have the necessary documents to provide them and after two months the union will come back and if the union finds that they do not have the necessary documents, the union will inspect them again. We also see that the council issues licenses to foreigners without thinking of the citizens and in our view, if anyone comes, Whether from Pakistan or Bangladesh, the JHADC has been issuing licenses. This action of the JHADC violates the rules of the council itself because according to section 10(2)(iv) of the Act. The United Khasi Jaintia Hills District Regulations, 1954 prohibits the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners if there are foreigners who can do the same job according to this Act. ai License to trade abroad if those activities that cannot be done by the state residents, for example, clothing shops, juti shops, waidong shops and khapshñiuh shops, why don't the state residents? Instead of protecting the indigenous people, the council protects the foreigners by issuing trading licenses. The District Council has decided to suspend the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners so that the paradoh para snam can survive. these days to come.
However, Suresh Chetri, as soon as he got out of the vehicle, fled the scene and two policemen accompanying him immediately shot him, but when he reached the scene, he tried to attack the police. They had to shoot him in the leg because he didn't surrender even after they shot him in the air.
The helicopter, which was carrying Iranian President Barack Obama, has been missing since Sunday night, accompanied by Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdollahian and other government officials. , when the helicopter crashed into Iran's mountainous area of ​​Jolfa, the eastern and mountainous regions.
Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma recently denied reports that he had gone to Delhi to meet with senior BJP leaders. they didn’t decide anything.
Regarding the Police Out Post which has been allocated by the government at Barato, these Sengbhalang have demanded that it should be set up at Mukroh where these Rangbah were shot dead. , which they have shed with their blood.
The meeting between the Urban Affairs Department and the Home Department has been held three times.
It is then that the second beast will appear and become the head of the One World Religion.
Khan is currently starring in Laal Singh Chaddha, an adaptation of Tom Hanks' English film Forrest Gump.
I don't know what to do.
Smokie, a British band, has performed songs such as Mexican Girls, Alice, Lay Back in the Arm of Someone and other songs which have stirred up the audience. come on this field.
Earlier, in the past 48 hours, the maximum temperature was 15.4 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature dropped to 2.5 degrees Celsius.
At first, she was reluctant to join the team because of her age, but she accompanied me to the State/National Championships.
The driver of the truck (NL-01-G-8121) was seriously injured in the accident. They were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
As a result of the bomb blast, he was injured and suffered serious illness and died on 11th July
The growth of the population has increased the number of households in Meghalaya, thus there has been an increase in the number of electricity generators.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong have gained three points and now have 12 points since the start of the match.
Pohthmi said that the people have seen the work of the incumbent MLA Lahkmen Rymbui and many have decided to support Stephan.
At the same time, they said that schools have already opened since last month, so the school principals should remind the education authorities to expedite the delivery of books. to all eligible schools, so that teachers can start teaching courses for children as soon as possible.
No one has been able to replace Narendra Modi and he does not respect anyone who speaks against him, no matter whether they are from the state or from other parties.
Awards were also distributed to women who have showcased their talents, including Nambi Jessica Marak (cook), Kmoiñ Wahlang, marathon runner, Bonifilia Shullai (athlete). sports), Sidalin Marbaniang (founder), Ratna Rai and Pdiangsngewbha Pohti (founder of partnership groups).
“Not at all.
However, suddenly the companies have increased the price from T.1100 to T.1400 to T.800 to T.850 per shipment.
Riata Challam scored two fours (14 runs from 22 balls), while Stellify N Sten scored two runs from four balls, including a run. He scored the last ball to help the team win by 10 wickets.
Shillong, July 24: The residents of Markasa area have been surprised that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has suddenly arrived at Mawphanlur to visit the area.
“Furthermore, Sangma said the list of portfolios for the Ministers will be released on the evening of 9th October.
The Governor said that 2023 is the 9th anniversary of the Central Government and the three words 'Seva, Sushasan and Garib Kalyan' describe the journey of the Narendra Modi Government.
NEST (India) Founder and Chairperson Elizabeth Nongbri has sent a letter to KSU President Lambokstar Marngar to apologize and suspend the letter regarding the mining of uranium in the state. Meghalaya.
The Asian Games will be held in November-March, but the football tournament will start on 19th November and the final will be held on 8th March.
The bus (AS01-EC-7494) belonging to Jakir Hussain collided with another vehicle at Mandir Sunapur.
The presence of faecal coliform and E Coli in water can lead to diarrhea, hemorrhagic colitis, hemolytic uremic syndrome, respiratory illness, pneumonia and other diseases such as meningitis, septicemia, urinary tract, which can lead to take the lives of Children and the elderly.
“We are continuing to monitor the testing and vaccination.
without Your knowledge Your benami act.
There are 22,334 candidates for Regular-I of which 9361 are males and 12,973 are females while there are 12,943 candidates for Regular-II of which 5232 are males and 7711 are females.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, Bah Tony Shylla, President of HYC Nongpoh Circle, said that the deterioration of the road in the area has been involved for many months and has caused difficulties to the traffic. vehicles and within the area, accidents have often occurred and especially to drivers who are not familiar with the area.
It doesn't matter how many believers are trying to achieve godliness in their daily lives.
The Blood Bank, Dialysis Unit and ICU are also functioning properly.
Joshi has met with Congress leaders in the state and held a brief discussion on the party's situation.
On this occasion, Bernard said that the establishment of Tura as a city during the rainy season is a right and true demand.
Rakkam A. Sangma in his speech congratulated the school authorities, teachers who have given their services in distributing education to the children of this village and neighboring villages.
Even if you speak English, how many people understand the paid knup paid trep of Khasi?
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyalaya Parishad (ABVP), Meghalaya has commemorated the 21st death anniversary of Capt.
Therefore, this sudden appearance without a name to announce to the people in the society will be difficult to overcome.
He has been handed over to the police.
Furthermore, he said that if he wins this time, he will implement the scheme in a transparent manner for the benefit of all.
She said that it is better to hand over such children to orphanages for better treatment and assistance but she could not convince the leaders of NERDWM because according to NERDWM, she said that sending children to orphanages is not easy but the government should ensure that they provide adequate assistance in education.
Speaking to his leading supporters, they said that he will return as MLA of Mawhati even if he fights from jail.
Lasse's family members have informed the public about this sad news, writing on their Facebook page, saying, “It is a great sorrow for us, and we have to inform you, that Lasse, whom thou lovest with all thy soul, shall sleep for ever.
Therefore, Jesus' coming to this world does not mean that he came to abolish the Law, but to fulfill it or to improve it.
Police said that the child had confessed to the teachers that the woman had dragged him into the bathroom of the house and thrown his head into the toilet to send him to drink. u the water from the toilet in my house.
Mamata said she was standing near her car, but people came to stop her and at that time, Mamata was alone, and the police were not there. faithfully in this place.
Berylda Khonglam and Smt.
It may be mentioned here that the primary purpose of this bill is the inheritance from grandparents and others.
Shillong, July 27: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has experienced peace and stability last year and the government is ready and willing to continue talks with the rebel group. The HNLC is within the limits of the Constitution of the country.
“We urge the state government and the relevant department to impose strict penalties on those who killed the child,” said the chairperson of MSCW, Kong Theilin Phanbuh. the journalists.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the party stands firmly against the mining of uranium at Mawthabah in South West and West Khasi Hills District. the greatest of all creatures.
“It is easy to hear that but those who are righteous by their own strength are happier than those who are righteous because if you seek information, you will always find it.
Some of the Congress MLAs said that they are disappointed with the government's decision, because before taking this decision, they did not convene a CLP meeting of the party to discuss the matter. because there are also its people who will be affected by this Act if it is implemented.
On this occasion, the Minister also handed over a check of T.1.5 to the Senior Administrative Secretary of the Synod, Pastor NS Phawa.
Even if those Christians who do not know their traditional customs and traditions, if they do not accept their traditional religion, the leaders of the Seng Khasi do not suitñiew.
The Indian government agreed, saying, "We have seen reports of Chinese construction on the border with India.
I knew we had to shoot the tie-breaker and this happened in the sixth round," he added.
Two drug traffickers, Romeo Bareh and Hadin Da Timung, were arrested from Ïawmusiang, Jowai on Tuesday.
Dao Toi said the warning in the film is that the father is a fool but he wants to ask the scientist and hate the taxi driver.
Those coming from Mawryngkneng Constituency, East and West Jaintia Hills will pass through Sohryngkham, Mawlyngad, Lamlyer and Smit.
A fifth woman has come forward to accuse MJ Akbar, Minister of State for Children, India.
The Bible must speak and must speak louder in these difficult and desperate times.
On the other hand, the Seiñ Kynjei congratulated the Shnong Panaliar for their cooperation as well as the private sector who took part in the cleanliness.
Also present at the meeting was the President of the NPP Meghalaya Dr. WR Kharlukhi who confirmed the new office bearers of the NPP Nongkrem Block.
History is a witness that in every election, political parties take advantage of the shortcomings of the people in these areas.
If the government authorities and the village authorities do not have a vision on this important issue which has caused even the conflict as it is now, it will inevitably create problems between the residents of Jowai and the village authorities. area War Jaintia.
The party has nominated 15 candidates for the KHADC and 9 for the JHADC. Speaking to media, James Ban Basaiawmoit, who is also an MDC, said, “The VAB has It has reached the Ministry of Home Affairs which is still pending without approval.
The purpose of this concert is to raise funds for the music school to introduce traditional music teaching from
The principal asked me, “Did you teach me to steal? who taught me this? “I replied in the middle of my excitement, “The headmaster at Mawthengkut is sir who teaches like this.
Shillong, July 21 : The Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the state and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today continued his visit to the area. A number of people have been affected and damaged by the floods in South Garo Hills (SGH) District.
If you don't know what's missing, don't go to those border villages, because it doesn't make sense for you to go and live in those border villages, which is a conflict between the Khasi people and other ethnic groups, because “If the Sengs go to protest only for a few hours, the problem will be faced by those brothers and sisters who live in the border villages,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
The second prize went to Lenis Lipon and Phida Dkhar from Pynthor Langteñ and the fourth prize went to Mil Dkhar and Yoona Dkhar from Cham Cham. and Enrichetta Liting of Khonglah village received the consolation prize.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla will file his nomination papers tomorrow.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Syiem said, “I have not seen any issues that have really affected the nation”.
Nongpoh, 07 Naiwieng:The state government's plan to build a strawberry seed production plant for distribution to strawberry farmers has failed. Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO), on the implementation of the Hydro-Ponic Scheme at Dewlieh Horti Hub, Ri Bhoi District.
The heat wave has caused the rainfall instead of rainfall to turn into lyer due to the high temperature which has risen to 3-4 degrees Celsius in Shillong.
The winning goal was scored by Obram Sumer in the 4th minute of the first half.
Dr. Rani is a lecturer in Political Science at Synod College, Shillong and is also the General Secretary of Meghalaya.
Publicity Secretary – Ribha Miki Dkhar.
Monjidul Khan scored 50 runs off 31 balls while Bishal Mahato scored 20 runs off 22 balls.
Some of the elders said that as the synod and especially the churches around the country should teach the faithful especially the drivers to drive recklessly especially when going to church.
The count comes after Nitish Kumar, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, announced to pay T.4 lakh to each family of those who died of covid-1 T.400 crore for this purpose.
For the families who have lost their loved ones to this disease, to receive comfort in their hearts and souls through the Holy Spirit of God.
He said the reason for his resignation from the Congress party is because it is no longer the same as before.
In an effort to serve the people, the Bishop said the Church has health centres, educational training centres, social welfare committees and others.
He holds the Budget in his own hands and has appointed a Commissioner & Secretary Finance Planning.
On the amendment of the Khyrnit Bahynriew, he said that the KSU has informed that the amendment to the Constitution will not affect the jaitbynriew.
“Police have raided two persons from Mynsaiñ and one from Nongbsap,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawthlong Mynsaiñ, Bah Starwell Mawlong. council.
Now, if the Israeli troops enter Gaza, they will find it very difficult to fight the Hamas militants, who are hiding in these caves, because these caves, there are many militants and there are also It is believed that those who were abducted are now in these hiding places.
The 10km distance from Dona – Rattacherra – Malidor has to travel for 10 to 15 hours, especially those who bring children with them. these problems.
Rev. (Dr) John Roberts passed away on July 23, 1908 at the age of
On arrival at Bethany Hospital Outreach, Nongpoh, measures were taken and resuscitation was performed to restore normalcy to the child's body.
There are 40 lakh cases of coronavirus in the United States, which shows a high risk of spreading the disease in the country.
According to the Chairman of the Central Recruitment Board, the Central Recruitment Board has issued an announcement to fill 1425 posts in the department.
Wow! The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Ma Sngiawbhalang Dhar, on the 22nd of this month, has misled the House. NOC has been issued for this project from Tetalia to Byrnihat.
He said that the members of the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament will be sworn in by the President of the HFU, Commander Shangpliang. explain how to participate in the Dorbar which will be similar to the Dorbar of MLAs in the Assembly and MPs in Parliament.
Because in the kingdom of God there is no difference between the nations of the earth.
That there should be no restriction on the movement of government officials in order to discharge their duties properly.
“On the other hand, the KSU Jowai Circle demands that the Assam government should hand over all those Assam police involved in the killing of Khasi in Mukroh to the Meghalaya government for investigation. The Assam government should give a public promise that it will not harass any Khasi villages on the border of Assam”.
The Bodos are an example of the salvation of their nation in this age.
He said the party will not hesitate to hold another protest if the government cannot provide adequate clarity on the issue.
They said that they will discuss the matter tomorrow at 1 pm, especially due to the convening of a meeting by the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on the 16th of this month.
They will also hold a public meeting in Khliehriat.
The implementation of a project through the Smart City in Shillong and the ease of implementation has caused problems to the people especially the traffic jam which is increasing day by day.
“You have seen Vincent H Pala who used to speak out against the implementation of the ILP in the state,” said Rfobertjune.
There are reported cases of double genital organs, or Diphallia, which affects one in six million boys and the first case in In 1609, it was discovered by Dr. Johannes Jacob Wecker of Switzerland.
New Delhi: DMK leader MK Stalin has said that Stalin's speech was on the Indian government's law to implement the law on education. Stalin has made it clear that the DMK will fight against the BJP government's plan to implement Hindi in the state.
He said that these meat cutters from America and Germany have praised the Khasi meat cutting method because of the quality of the meat.
Regarding these promises, after the JSU inspected the Blood Bank at the Civil Hospital Jowai, it was found that the government has already appointed Dr. Nongbri to look after the Blood Bank. It is on this basis that the JSU has decided today to temporarily suspend the protests until 15th July
The music was composed by B4shan Suchiang and the song was sung by Shanbor Langstang and Dawbhaki Pde.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the State Government intends to convert more than 1 lakh hectares of land into cultivated land without fertilizers. Meghalaya State Organic Mission 2024-2
The increase in the gross base price will also benefit more than 400 community radio stations operating in the country.
According to the residents of Umsarang village, which falls under the Hima Mylliem, Pynthor Sohma is only the village of Umsarang village, but because there are people inside the village along with the people from Hima Khyriem, have taken the initiative to issue Sanad Rangbah Shnong to one of the elders of the village, which has led to the riots and has affected the peace and order in the village. .
Rejecting the allegation against the BJP that it is religious, Bah JA Lyngdoh said, “The BJP believes in the freedom of all religions.
In his speech, Prof. DRL Nonglait spoke on three issues, (1) The new nation, (2) The new society, and (3) The new religion of Thomas Jones.
Bah Robinus Syngkon Ex-MLA said that in fact this is the right time to showcase to improve the village because the government has provided many schemes so that people who come only once. According to reliable sources, the transformer near Ïingmane was also destroyed after the Deputy CM, Bah Prestone Tynsong personally confronted the MeECL officials in front of their delegation. The Rangbah Shnong of Jowai before saluting the Republic.
“I don't want to talk too much and I don't want to talk the same thing three hundred times. The easiest way is if your allegation is true, just do it because of it. Yesterday I said that you will get a lot of support and praise from the people of Meghalaya if the BJP withdraws from the MDA Government. On the one hand you say that the MDA Government is corrupt and on the other hand you say that we should cooperate with them.
TUR and CSWO have demanded the resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh over the incident at the Guest House owned by you are your son.
Every time he stood until the city fell into the ground and the street houses and the whole city was covered with water and no one could see and remember it.
However, after the incident, the children died on their own way. However, he said that a group of Muslims who did not know where Obe was going, attacked him and when he was killed, he said that the children died on their own. When he reached a quiet place, about 20 people came out and these 20 people were no longer children, but there were young people and there were also elderly people. first they grabbed Obe and set him on his neck while the others beat and kicked him.
If we willingly surrender to Jesus' help, our souls will be filled with joy and happiness.
On the other hand, Bah M.Kharpran, BPM Project Manager (BPM) Amlarem C&RD Block was the chief guest. Fitby Syrti, who explained the short story of the VO during the year, said that the VO has completed 12 projects during the year. , from planting trees, cleaning up the village, celebrating Independence Day, to providing assistance to those in need such as to the villagers, to helping such as when there is a marriage certificate in the village, to look after the welfare, the peace and order in the village and other good deeds.
Earlier, the Sikkim State Government and Nepali leaders from Sikkim had refused to allow Mani Kr.
Satan's powers are temporary.
All our villages inhabited by the Garo people have wanted to go to Meghalaya, but even after many requests, this has not happened,” said one of the villagers at the meeting.
At this time, the people as well as the shopkeepers, traders, contractors need a platform for the people to know about how to open shops, who is allowed to work as mystery workers, khap shñiuh, housekeepers. , who manufacture electricity and even know who does Home Delivery among others.
On Block I & II which has been the land of Jaintia Hills since ancient times.
Although Langsning won, Mawlai had already qualified for the semi-finals of Group-A. First, on the 5th, in Group-C Mawkyrwat, Mawten will play against Lumdiengngan at 3 pm and in Group-D in Tura, Chipakkore will play against Wa'sa FC at 3 pm. to 3 pm.
He said that to avoid any unpleasant incident, all schools in the district have been ordered to close tomorrow.
The Government of Meghalaya has signed an agreement with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) so that existing teachers can complete the D.El.
JOWAI: The city of Jowai has joined hands with the rest of the country to celebrate the 71st Republic Day at Jerusalem Square, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
According to Bah Kharjana, many people with disabilities are eligible for government jobs including teaching jobs and others.
In the past few years, there have been some villages in Khasi Jaintia Hills which have refused to use the Aadhar number because they believe that this number is the number of animals or 666 according to the Aadhar number. written in the Bible.
The party leader and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, has accused Bah Pynshngain of being against the development of the people. the whole state'
The Chief Guest said that the celebration of this Silver Jubilee, gives the management the opportunity to look back on the past years, to remember the contribution of the employees and managers of the past and the present. to look forward to the future and new goals, as part of his continued service to the people of the area.
This suggestion came after the request of the judges who frequently travel to Bhopal for the work of the National Judicial Academy.
He said that after the payment of the loan, NEEPCO will supply more electricity to the state and at that time, the power outages will be very low in the state.
This gave light and peace.
The EM reminded that there are 66 foreign shops without licenses which the KHADC has already closed in Iewduh, but four of them have been opened. There have been many requests from the shopkeepers who have been banned to promise not to sell wais huh to foreigners, which the department is still considering.
“We strongly condemn the assault by a group of 30 to 40 robbers on Bah Charlie Rani, President of UHM and Co-Chairman of JACBOM on the 15th of this month in front of his residence in Pata, Shillong.
The partnership with TKM in this festival is in line with social activities, which aim to preserve the customs and traditions of the ancestors.
“There is a violence against women across the state where one incident after another of rape and murder of women has shocked and humiliated the state,” she added. .
“At the meeting of the executive committee held in recent days, there was only a suggestion on this issue and no decision was taken to send a letter to resign from the MDA government"
And it came to pass after these things, that the king of Egypt died; and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God because of the bondage.
The Special DGP said the aim is to bring peace to the border residents and to restore mutual trust.
If you live in the market, you die in the field.
The KC Lights Choir, which recently won two Gold Medals in the International Choir Competition, also came to take part in the programme.
And even the history of the country and its inhabitants.
The suspect is the Area Commander of East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya and is also from Lumphyllut Village, PS-Umkiang.
On the other hand, the DC said that he has received a directive from the government that the public hearing will continue smoothly and he too will have to take the matter forward.
Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, who is also one of the leaders of the political party, said that if the Trading by Non-Tribal Act is implemented properly, it will also help to prevent the entry of others. four ethnic groups in this state.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Raid Nongkhrah together with the office bearers of the Elaka Nongpoh Sirdarship, today, visited Lumbyrhing to confirm the village leaders. village.
It is to be recalled that the government through the River Rejuvenation Committee has set a target to rehabilitate the Umkhrah River in Shillong and the Myntdu and Lukha Rivers in Jaintia Hills.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Kospar and Bah Philemon who said that there are many reasons why they left the UDP and the first thing is the progress regarding the decision of the UDP. UDP candidate to contest from Mawphlang.
Myrboh also scored the fourth goal in the 79th minute.
The boys of Umphyrnai Sports Club have won the title of winners of the U-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Shillong: The Police Commissioner of Kolkata, Rajeev Kumar, arrived in Shillong this evening to investigate the corruption of the Saradha Company. to most of the documents of the company.
Shillong, Naitung 21: There have been 61 new cases of COVID-19 in Shillong, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today announced.
Tang Nartiang died at Barato PHC and Chirup Sumer died at Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang.
The day was enriched by the performances of youth and children.
Aishah Bareh scored two goals in the 5th and 71st minutes while Franki Dkhar (42), Emon Nongtdu (43), Ferdinand Nongtdu (85) and Shanki Dkhar (90+) scored two goals. 1) you have scored a goal.
“The order should be implemented immediately within 10 days of receipt of the letter and if the Ministry of Agriculture does not comply, the PAC has no choice but to file a case against the former employees of the Ministry of Agriculture and “It's not like that,” said the Secretary of the Assembly.
Shillong: Until now, some people have rejected the number 666, because it is considered to be the number that shows the shape of a wild beast, but the Department of Transport, has a value of T.15,000 for those who wish to get a separate number for this number.
The source said that the eight MLAs who complained against the present government include Bah Ronnie.
Three golden tins of heroin were also seized from the Bolero.
On the other hand, Agness Kharshiing said that although the DC has not given permission, the women's organizations will go to the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat for the purpose of holding the event. The protest was held at a place near the place occupied by the leaders.
The delegation was welcomed by the FKJGP, KSU and Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) from Jorabat, Umsning, Mawiong and also at Mawlai Petrol. Pump.
In the final match between Royalpole Mihmyntdu and Samaro, Pynshailang Shullet scored two goals for Royalpole Mihmyntdu. Leirangki Papang in the 2nd & 6th minute, Bankerlang Shylla in the 19th minute.
“Many of the conflicts in the Khasi community are due to the fear that the small Khasi community will be invaded by hundreds of millions of Indians and I am afraid that “If you look at the protests of the Rangbah Shnongs in the past years, it is based on the desire for special protection.
The TMC leaders, including Bah Ripul Nongtri, Bah Wanphrang Shadap, were welcomed by the UDP leaders in Ri Bhoi, where they welcomed them at the residence of Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi District. Ri-Bhoi, together with the presence of Bah R.
Rapborlang Kharbihkhiew of MSC came in sixth place while Hame Shaniah Suiam of Kick Boxing from Jaintia Hills came in fourth place.
Therefore, the most important thing is to fight as much as possible to reduce waste generation.
The members of the delegation were welcomed by the district administration, led by the Deputy Commissioner Mahesh Chaudhari, at the Deputy Commissioner's office.
We stand here to request the government through the Chief Minister of Manipur to restore peace, in the midst of this suffering and struggle of the people of Manipur.
The drivers arrived at Khliehtyrshi at 3:30 am and were planning to eat at Choice Dhaba in Khliehriat before reaching Jowai.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Although the North East is higher than the national average in terms of health, the health survey in the four states of the region, including Meghalaya It was found that there is a serious shortage of trained health workers.
In this regard, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of Laws, explained that the five-day session of the Iing Dorbar was a decision of the Assembly Advisory. Committee in which other members of political parties are also members.
The animals that died due to drowning, floods and landslides were
For example, in many of the languages ​​of the world, the Sun is given a masculine gender, so it becomes “the Sun” and a feminine gender of the moon, so it becomes “the moon” because they say that the Sun is much more powerful than the Moon; and the Moon is illuminated by the Sun.
May God the Creator continue to bless us with good health and prosperity so that we can improve our education and thinking for the development of the country. Shillong: SSA teachers, today, have vowed to resign if Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Publicity Secretary KSU EJHDU, has vowed to resign. The Minister of State for Education, Government of Meghalaya, has refused to apologize for his remarks against the teachers and demanded that he should apologize on Friday.
The deceased was identified as Steffanie L Nonglait and lived with her husband Trophius Nongbri. The deceased was identified as Steffanie L Nonglait.
On the other hand, the Rangbah of the Raid agreed to discuss within the Raid how to proceed to improve the sacred place of the Raid Nongtham.
Umroi Constituency MLA, Bah George B Lyngdoh, who gave a brief report on the increase in food prices in the state, said that it has affected income, savings and livelihood. for if they spend much on precious things, they shall have little money.
He said that it is through the hard work of the Seiñraij Jowai that a fund has been raised for the construction of this place as it is now. “We have applied for assistance from the government but no assistance has been received and it is through the hard work and funds from the Seiñraij Jowai that we have been able to build it,” said Challam.
Arogya Manthan 2023 is a special event to mark the 5th Anniversary of the AB PM-JAY programme, which has made great progress in providing health care to millions of beneficiaries. benefits since its inception on 23rd November
It is necessary to think carefully that such long and delayed procedures will happen again this time which affects the unemployed educated youth. youths) in your country.
The question is, what does backward mean and what does not adequately represent? The Supreme Court, in 2005, in the case Ashoka Kumar Thakur Vs Union of India, upheld that the term “backward” does not mean backwardness only in terms of economic development or income, but also includes backwardness in other aspects of society and education.
He said the state and central government departments have worked together on this issue to ensure that the GST will work smoothly without any interruption.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Isynei Hinge, said that the purpose of the group is to help those families who really need assistance and the money that can be donated. The products from the market will be distributed to those families who are in dire need.
The injured students were rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong where seven of them were seriously injured and admitted to the hospital.
But he said there are a number of people in the area who are expressing displeasure with the proposal.
But I have done nothing wrong and I will fight for my rights,” she said.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, President of KSU War Jaintia Circle, said, “The present time is no longer the time to increase the number of words, but the time to increase the number of deeds”.
The Doloi of Darang Elaka said that even if the BGB troops have stopped the construction of the outpost, the village demands that it should be demolished as the land still falls under Dawki village. to give peace to the people of the area.
Those citizens who came to live in Manipur before 1961 shall be considered as full citizens.
Conrad said the Congress has been strong not only in Meghalaya, but also in the North East.
On this occasion, Prestone said the state government has handed over to the police to arrest the people involved in this case.
After that, referee Prajwal Chhetri and the officials had to fight to avoid any trouble.
We will have to watch and listen to what happens in the coming days.
When asked whether the tax collection gates will be closed after the implementation of the GST, Mukul said whatever is required by law will be followed but he did not say whether the GST has been banned or not. to shut the gates.
Speaking to reporters, Jop Sohtun said that there are 74 households who will be affected by the project and this is according to the report of NEEPCO. T.25,000 per household to leave the area, T.2000 tyngka per month per household for 20 years, one man from one house.
Addressing JMM supporters from Chatra, Palamu, Latehar and Garhwa districts, Soren said, “We from the Indian coalition have started preparing well for the contesting the Lok Sabha elections.
“This is only the beginning of the strike and if the NIOS does not implement the demands we will continue with other strike programs which we will announce on the end of the strike,” said the statement. and H.M Marbaniang.
In an article in The Sun, Musk said his company, Neuralink, could complete the research within a year.
More than 1,000 people attended the ceremony in the presence of UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat, Maralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh and Ollan Suiñ MLA Mawsynram.
Besides his political activities, Keshari has also worked as a senior lawyer in the Allahabad High Court. He is also a writer and poet who has published many works.
They were arrested with their weapons during a raid by the police and army in the area.
As part of the support to these youths, JHDS and NABARD have donated tool boxes or light making equipment to these youths who have already been trained at the meeting held on Monday.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
He said that the issue should be taken up jointly by the state and central governments. Their demands are the delay in the resolution, the wrong marking and the introduction of internal assessment.
The water flowing in this river is also clean and fresh.
During the fighting, the troops also destroyed one of the tanks, which was captured by the rebels and which they fought against the Egyptian troops.
Change always comes according to the times and the will of the people.
In relation to these problems, the NIOS students and teachers have appealed to one of the students' unions, the Seng Khasi Students Union West Khasi Hills, to help them. The deadline for closing down the website of NIOS to upload assignments for TMA marks has almost expired.
Shillong, March 5: The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has invited and urged the residents of Shillong to take part in a prayer against the construction of a casino in Shillong. state of Meghalaya.
“The bail of those arrested in connection with drugs is due to the lack of a Forensic Science Laboratory to collect sufficient evidence to assist the Police in charging sheets,” said Bah Kharkhrang.
The search started at 12 noon and within 1 hour, all the firearms were recovered from the Wahumkhrah. Umpohliew Bridge in Jaiaw.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC across the district on Tuesday due to the blockade of offices and road blockade by political parties.
According to Bah Marwein, the peak season for tourists is from June to November, and many of these tourists are from abroad and even from Bangladesh.
The festival will be held for three days from 31st October to 2nd June but KHCF leaders including Antonio War, Allan West Kharkongor Secretary said that they will look after the festival. The meeting may continue for another day or two.
The winners of the first place received 2000 tyngka, the second 1500 tyngka and the third 500 tyngka.
A meeting was held at the cow ground led by Wansadaka Pariat. It was announced that the ASHA workers in the state have stopped working since the 6th of this month, as a sign of demanding that the government should not increase their reward.
Shillong: It is a pleasant development for the farmers, as from now on they will no longer have to pay tax on synsar if they transport this crop to the market.
He has been undergoing treatment since 22nd March
However, you should take the best ones if you don't want to buy mobile phones from those who have made them.
On the other hand, KYM Vice President Bishar Shylla said that the money was handed over today and he hopes that through this money, the Myntdu River will be improved. with the cooperation of the people and various government departments especially in the coming days.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 80992 out of which 77902 have recovered and 1397 have died.
Superintendent of Police Bikram D Marak distributed prizes to the winners and losers.
Speaking at a public meeting in Mawsynram on Monday, Dr Ampareen gave her own example, saying that she resigned from the teaching post six months after being elected as an MLA in
Let us pray that all the Pastors who have a strong spirit to contest the 2023 elections, will win all with their own hard work, the support of the people and His blessing. Create all these things.
The market was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills and the MSRLS with the participation of SHGs, Producer Groups and other entrepreneurs.
Waheh Shnong Ma Leningstar Rymbai said that to eradicate the spread of alcoholic beverages is only through the cooperation of all parties including the youth organizations, women's organizations, police and others.
Vaiphei was accompanied by MHRC members B Giri, PJP Hanaman and Secretary Bah FM Dopth.
According to Tiwari, there are about 4-5 lakh sohphan trees in Meghalaya.
“They don't follow the treatment properly and there are other challenges for them because HIV is a lifelong treatment and sometimes from the villages to come for treatment, it is difficult for them to come to the hospital. the ART," she said.
Entry forms can be obtained from the office at JN Stadium, Polo, Shillong only during office hours and registration will be accepted until 6th October, .
These MLAs abstained from the vote at the request of BJP candidate Harsh Mahajan in the Rajya Sabha elections on Tuesday.
We still haven't heard back from them," she said.
The carol started from the Dorbar Hall Mawkyrwat to the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat and ended at the starting point.
Promising to follow up on them, the CEM said the EC will look into the Clan Bill and if necessary take it back to the dorbar to send back to the Governor for approval.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Teachers who passed the Diploma in Elementary Education Lane (DElEd) examination have expressed their dissatisfaction with the results released by the NIOS on the 9th of this month. they are confused, says the news.
The drugs were seized from Zokhawthar on Saturday.
When asked by Rupang, the residents who live near the school, whether they have any students or classes, they replied that they don't see any students or teachers. The school has appointed two Chowkidars to look after the school, one in the evening and one in the morning, but it was found that there was no chowkidar today. .
[continues] “Yes, sir.
She said that the NHHDC has sale outlets in all parts of the North East on the ODOP. Various State Governments including Department of Sericulture / Textile, District Commerce & Industries Center (DCIC), State Office, Khadi & Village Industries Commission (KVIC), MBMA/MBDA, DBDU (District Basin Development Unit) EKH, NCERT, JSS , MIMDI, MSRLS/NRLM, in which they expressed the need to improve the skill up-gradation training by introducing new training to improve and develop the latest designing. clothes or goods with market linkages by which garment manufacturers and artisans can take advantage of the government scheme with subsidy known as PMEGP from the offices of KVIC, DCIC and KVIB.Earlier today, a meeting was held with the women entrepreneurs to hear from them about the challenges they face in their jobs and the assistance provided by the part of them.
On the same day, Mamata Banerjee was accompanied by Abhishek Banerjee, National General Secretary of the TMC, who was welcomed by TMC leaders in Meghalaya. They included TMC President Charles Pyngrope, TMC Vice President George B Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA and many other TMC leaders. Mamaji lives.
"We have lost some land in the illegal invasion of China," Rijiju told reporters in Shillong on Thursday.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 09: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Friday decided to hold an indefinite strike from the 13th of this month. The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla has been silent on the demands of the JAC. Chairman Prof. Lakhon Kma and General Secretary Bah JP Nongbri said that the demands are to immediately dismiss the illegally appointed Technical Officer/Senior Consultant, to immediately appoint the Statutory Officers and to the University Engineer.
Darwin Nunez's 99th-minute goal gave Liverpool the victory over Nottingham Forest after it looked like the match would end in the middle of the second half.
So far a lot of money has been spent on this scheme and it is necessary for the department to convene a meeting to discuss how it has gone so far, said Sawian in a statement.
U Bah Pius Marwein is a 32 year old young man who is new to politics. He is a young man who has to look after his family after the death of his father. young (unmarried).
The second place went to East Jaintia Hills District while the Best Karate went to Pyniohnam Myrboh.
However, this year, the SSA has not been able to complete the inter club transfer due to the lockdown which has continued until these days. Many of the players of the state football club have faced many difficulties, especially those who do not have proper jobs such as government jobs, but who help to support the The household was awarded football prizes from the clubs.
But use your own knowledge.
On their part, they urged other patients who are still undergoing treatment to have confidence in their hope and also to trust the treatment methods so that they can get cured.
There are many states that have banned the consumption of cows, but they have not set up special areas as proposed by the BJP government in Assam.
Here we are talking only about kings and the God who appointed and removed them.
Guwahati: The Assam Legislative Assembly on Tuesday witnessed a stir after members of the opposition interrupted the speech of the Governor of Assam, Gulab Chand Kataria, on the and the statement by the Maharashtra MLA that the people of the state are meat eaters.
He arrived at Lyngkhat at 8 pm and left at 6 pm the next day. The company commander did not allow him to enter the BOP and he slept in a residential area on the road. There is no relationship with no and no ruh.
Meanwhile, US leaders believe that a missile attack and a fierce battle will break out in the coming days.
Therefore, keep it clean and cleanse it from all evil deeds because the Spirit of God must dwell in us.
Note: The Traveller's Nests which have up to 8 Nests for Exploring Exotic Meghalaya are not Tourist Spot Centers but only overnight accommodation for tourists.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The CCIB has held a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today and decided to suspend the schedule for the survey of the areas to be surveyed. The survey, which was scheduled to be held from the 28th of this month to the 1st of March, has been suspended due to heavy rainfall in these days and has been scheduled to be conducted in the coming days. come after you have come to heaven.
Legend has it that King Bor Kusein-I, the great king of the Sutnga Hima, was a descendant of the Muchurdee (Puri-Dohkha).
When asked whether they have informed the Indian authorities about their demand, they said that since June this year they have sent a letter to the Vice Chancellor and also to the the Minister in charge of Education, Government of India.
If anything goes well, that is, they cannot maintain discipline.
Marchborn, who was once hopeless in his life, has now become a completely converted man. The dramatic change in his life has brought hope to this family.
Rakkam A. Sangma said that the State Government intends to have its own textbooks and supports to get permission from NCERT. The Khasi Authors' Society, including the Achik Literature Society, is the governing body for such subjects at the elementary, primary, upper primary and secondary levels.
When asked about Bah Hek's statement on the BJP government in both the state and central governments and himself as a prime ministerial candidate, Kharkrang said he can speak on the BJP government in the state government and “If this happens, they can bring about many development projects that have been pending for the past 50 years, but to claim himself as an MR candidate, Bah Kharkrang said he doesn't know anything.
The department has also agreed to implement the Greater Sohra Water Supply Scheme and to install water pipes for Tura Phase I & II under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme.
The Sohra chiefs also said that their origin was from Sumer (Jaitia). The stories say that there were four brothers, Buhsing, Sadiang, Shan and Jah. Sumer (Jaintia), they received refuge from Basan Swer (Basan Khad-ar village and Khad-ar Blang) and later became the kings of Sohra.
Ltd will deliver the products but it will be more expensive as these products are still under construction.
The traffic of vehicles carrying more than 9 tonnes on these roads has destroyed and damaged these roads and has also caused danger to the traffic of the residents and passers-by on these roads. .
These tyngshops include Sanat Basaiawmoit, Mercy Linda Pyngrope, Anisha Sohtun, Fullmingstar Lyngdoh Mawlot and Goldenstar Suchiang.
This year, however, it has dropped slightly to 80th position with a score of
Habandarisha Shangpliang got 3/29, Lawaijanai Synnah got 2/14 and Eliza Lyngdoh got 2/2
On the other hand, the foreign tourists urged the Meghalaya government to take action to resolve this problem as soon as possible. hours without eating or drinking.
Furthermore, the world football industry is eagerly awaiting Messi's decision after the club he plays for has confirmed the award. The world's best footballer will leave the Ligue 1 club.
Bah Kharraswai requested all SSA teachers from LP and UP to attend the General Meeting so that the work and objectives can go smoothly and also to respect the time. tidy.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that it has been seen that the MDCs are protesting a lot these days, just because the elections are approaching since the issuance of trading license, and other issues.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Haryana by three wickets today in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2023 T20 Tournament played in Jaipur. Meghalaya had to tied first and scored 94 runs in 19.1 overs while Haryana managed to exceed the target in 16.3 overs by scoring 96 runs for the loss of five wickets.
Each team can register up to 25 players by paying 50 tyngka each and the registration of players must be completed before 01st July.
In the meeting with them, they asked about the reason why the market has slowly declined and the decline of cassette shops over the years, and the decline of Khasi songs in the market is not the same. ju long ago.
Therefore, there are very few citizens who have recognized many of the MPs of the country whether they are from the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.
He said that any case that does not go ahead will be decided by the court.
Speaking after the release of the fish, Bah Brandon Shangpliang said that as the organization, we have a desire to preserve the fish in the rivers, as we have witnessed that many of the rivers have started to disappear and many The fish have begun to disappear because of the enmity of man who has thought only of himself, to kill the enemy by poison and medicine.
The meeting decided to meet the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to demand from the government to include Jaintia Hills in the 39th National Games.
Therefore, local development activities should focus on resource-efficient practices, which do not harm forests but enhance resources in a sustainable manner and which can be supported.
He said that the preparation of the bill is in progress and will soon be submitted to the Cabinet for discussion and after that it will go to the people for further comments so that the bill will be stronger. .
Dharmendra said he is very excited to take part in the film and hopes that it will be a hit with audiences around the world.
A case has been registered at Shallang Police Station under PS Case No.39(1) to investigate the involvement of those people involved in the operation of these illegal dewion factories. 12)2022U/S188/34/379/120BIPC R/w Sec 15 Environment(Protection)Act, Sec 3 ExplosiveSubstances Act and Sec 51(1) BenamiTransaction (Prohibition) Act, 2016.
Therefore, the Union urged the management of the school to be clear in their language and not to touch the children.
Congress Leader Bah DD Lapang recalled the great deeds of Bah Kyndiah as a man of love, purpose and determination and said that his passing away will be a great loss. the state and the country.
“Mr. Conrad Sangma, the pied-piper of Meghalaya, has led the state to destruction.
They can be skilled and courageous in public speaking and this will help them to take part in any debates and give speeches.
He urged the children of Seinraij to dedicate their body and soul, to preserve and preserve the culture and traditions as it is the uniqueness of the country and the nation.
But when we see all these things, it ends up in a conversation, a story in the house of the dead.
Besides the winner's award, individual awards including the Player of the Match award were also awarded to Winning Star Khongjoh and Rohit Kumar Yadav.
However, only emergency vehicles or Emergency Service Vehicles are allowed to travel.
Since the Elimination Round-1, the views on YouTube have been awarded and the marks have been awarded by the coaches/judges.
On the same day, the day laborers also urged the government to pay their wages by the 13th of this month or face a stronger protest.
The 6th Wah Lukha Association (WASA) is proud of its victory over the Public Hearing of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board Shillong on M/s Star Cement, Meghalaya Ltd.
JNS Lakiang, Chief Engineer, Sports Department, explained the progress of the project.
If there is no order in the academic sessions of students across India, the writing and reading will be completely destroyed.
After the arrest of these smugglers, they handed over to the Custom Department for further investigation. He said that Hiren Ali has been arrested many times by the Custom Department. Ri Bhoi Police on his involvement in smuggling of illegal drugs.
They have benefits here and there, leaders responsible for the country and the nation come and go, there are various government offices which have been well built and there are still those in foreign houses, in Jowai especially there has been an attempt. subways, byepass, but when you look at these things, it's just a trick to hold elections. Now they have lost their dams especially the Lad Nyrtiang road, the road which In Amlarem area, it is still only before this celebration that it may disappear.
Surprisingly, in parts of the state from the west, east to east including Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, Block I & II which are the areas that the governments of Assam and Meghalaya have to take care of.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government owns the land in Mawphlang through a gift deed.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Asst Commissioner said that the reason for the order is to prevent the cover from appearing, and also to bring about beauty and cleanliness. by the High Court.
The polling at the Polling Stations started at 7 pm and as soon as it started, the voters lined up to cast their votes.
Enough.
‘Em-Em, Go-Go…….
There were many storms from Maheskola to Siju.
After the ban on entry and exit from one district to another, those who are sick are no longer able to get medicine from doctors in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, the mother of the girl, Sherita Shabong, appealed to the people of the state especially the leaders of the Bhalang and the Samla Irikmen Shabong, can take part in this tournament to bring glory to the state and the country. One, if the public donates with a willing heart because this young woman is a poor child to take part in these Lympung.
In a statement, Bah Aihok Khongmalai, President of the UDP Pynursla Circle, said that the Circle demands the immediate arrest of the bloodthirsty men who shot dead unarmed persons. there is nothing wrong with you.
The incident happened at 3.30 pm on Sunday morning, when the woman, Kong Stelinda Lawryniang (40), killed her husband. The victim was identified as Bah Warding Warjri, 47 years old.
Shillong, November 01 : The State Government will honor the medal winners of the 2nd North East Olympic Games tomorrow.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 9: The Governor of Meghalaya has declared a public holiday for all government schools, government offices and all government departments on the 27th of this month. The polling day for the General Election of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly
“There is no point in connecting the railway line while the ILP has not been implemented in our state,” said JSU President Jersom Shylla.
Also present on the occasion were Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency and EM of KHADC, Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, Lovingwell Lyngdoh, Minister of Mawten Village, office bearers of Mawten Village Youth Wing; Mawlangwir, Mawkyrwat & Nonglang and others.
However, on 22nd July 2022, the Ministry of Education of the Government of Meghalaya has sent a letter to the UGC urging it to be removed from the list of Universities as it has not worked at all.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) on Thursday resumed its strike by staging a sit-in at all district headquarters to demand the government to upgrade the deficit status of 844 adhoc schools in the country. State.
Dietary supplements play an important role on the health of the heart and below are some of the tips that you need to eat and avoid for a healthy heart.
Police earlier said that the leader had just returned from Bangladesh on 11th June and was said to have gone to Bangladesh to give money to the Council leaders. I don't know if you're going to Bangladesh or not.
He said this on the statement of the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong that the AITC MLAs should join the BJP before the 2023 MLA elections.
In the incident, the newborn child died, while the mother is in critical condition, the report said.
How beautiful it is to see that the Khasi youth in these days have started to improve in many ways especially in forgetting that shame but in doing small jobs like shopkeeping. They don't sell alumuri, shana, pakawri, chat or fast food or anything else to earn a living even after they have completed their studies.
So far, eight bodies have been recovered and four others have been sent to hospital for treatment, while the whereabouts of two others are still unknown.
Meanwhile, four other children were injured in the attack, including two boys aged 3 and 5 years and two girls aged of age.
Many of them said that they don't want these former MLAs to win again, because it is very shameful to hear that even the children of the high level name sound endlessly.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday demanded that the members of the Meghalaya State Olympics Association (MSA) who are organizing the 2022 Games should resign from their posts. their noise when they hold a large tournament in the city.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, one person has recovered and there have been no new cases.
Their infiltration is still going on and now they are fighting each other.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has postponed the announcement of the first list of candidates on Tuesday after four Khasi-Pnars were shot dead. Assam Police on Tuesday morning.
It is clear that the government does not provide assistance or subsidies because it cannot provide all the education, as stipulated in the RTE or free and compulsory education.
Senior members of the company, including Chief Financial Officer Raman PC and Operations Head Aman, have not been arrested at the time of writing.
How can this be from the beginning of their political career they have shown that they are selfish.
By Bah Philip Marwein The Inner Line Permit or ILP is no longer a new subject but has been in existence for many years.
However, after being affected by the disease, their daily sale of meat has dropped to 30 kg or less, which shows that the people are reluctant to buy meat because of the disease. cow.
Dr P.Nongtdu, Principal Jaintia Eastern College, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Police Department for organizing such an awareness program which is very important to bring about a free society. He also urged the youth to listen carefully to the explanations and to do what is right for the good. you are in the longbriew man.
The Minister said that this government has also renewed the operation of the MCCL which has been facing difficulties for many years.
So far, the Indian Meteorological Department has recorded heavy rainfall only in Umiam, Shillong and Sohra, while there has been no rainfall in other places like Mawsynram, which is another heavy rainfall. There is no rainfall in parts of Jaintia Hills.
Simon Siangshai has served twice as an MDC of JHADC and three times as an MLA and has also served as the Minister of Industries of the Meghalaya Government during his tenure as the leader of the area.
In fact, Labenn, ACHIK Leader, Balkarin, Co-Chairman of GHSMC and Bernita, General Secretary of ACHIK, accompanied the Prime Minister on the occasion. conflict and therefore, they had nothing to do with what was going on outside.
The State President also promised that the party will give its full support to the ST Morcha.
The 12 MLAs of the UDP and the 14 MLAs who are currently in the opposition will have only 26 MLAs in the 60-member Legislative Assembly. There are enough people to form a Government.
Whether we want or don't want change, the delay in the Roster System is a threat to the nation, and the issue of Reservation Policy cannot be ignored.
The Minister was speaking on allegations that there has been smuggling of goods such as sugar, rice, piat, masi, kwai and others to Bangladesh from different parts of the border of Meghalaya to Bangladesh from the parts of the state. in Khasi and also in Garo Hills.
After this, the union lodged a complaint with the OC of Beat House Anjalee Cantonment.
Aizawl: The party government has extended the ban on the sale of liquor in Mizoram until 10th October
Regarding the NEET examination centers in Shillong, Hek said the government has already directed the health department to clean and Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that out of the 1220 cases of Covid-19 in the country, In the state, 69 people are symptomatic of Covid-1
Speech was also delivered by Bah Jambor War, MDC Mawthadraishan who is also the EM of KHADC. This will only happen if the UDP can lead the government in the state.
The BSF authorities have immediately informed the relatives of the soldier.
Rev. Phidolis Dkhar in his article, “The Pioneers of Lyngngam”, says that the missionaries revived the preaching from Lyngngam to the Nongkharai area.
Shillong: In the past three months, various Catholic churches in Garo Hills have been robbed including Mater Dei Parish in Dawagre, Williamnagar, St Thomas in Chockpot, St Thomas in Chockpot. Then there is the Sacred Heart Parish in Dalu and now the St. Dominic Savio Parish in Garobadha, 30 kilometers from Tura.
Oh it is the perfect place to visit the world or the abode of the gods.
A case has been registered against them under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) at the police station in Trambe, Mumbai.
The main purpose of the visit of Union Minister Radha Mahan Singh was to see the state of agriculture in the area and also to get clarification from the farmers on what a common problem they face in connection with agriculture.
As a reminder, the VPP has been invited to the meeting of all political parties on 19th June, 2023 to discuss the reservation roster and the party has attended.
Moonlight said that billions of rupees of money have been spent on the coal mining industry, while the revenue that the government should receive has been missed in the NPP-led government. Conrad's government has been appointed.
“You can buy sohtrun if you buy it at the price of 14 kilos,” said Mary.
Hek said the people should not be afraid of the TB hospital in Umsawli as such hospitals are available all over the country.
Shillong: The State Government of Meghalaya, through its vision for the continued improvement of its capacity and safe transportation to the residents, has announced that it will launch the buses known as shared commute bus service with the aim of providing safety and friendly travel.
