Speaking to u SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police (SP) Traffic, Bah BJ Laloo, said that the main reason for the traffic jam was because many people had bought vehicles from the banks.
We urge the Meghalaya Karbi Association (MKA) to cooperate for the peace and happiness of the people in Block-1,” said the statement.
The Garo people have produced three Prime Ministers including (L) Capt.
Speech was also delivered by a student of IIM, Shillong who said that Dr Kalam has passed away but his works and teachings will remain in their hearts to follow him. his teachings.
This child went to school in Ri Bhoi.
More than 50 trainees attended the training.
The GBA is an initiative led by India to bring together Governments, international organizations and those working in these fields to pave the way for the adoption of biofuels.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the HNLC, concluded the statement by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
“Are you angry with me because I made a man completely well on the Sabbath? Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment; said Jesus.
According to reports, about two vehicles are still parked at the time of writing.
The NPP leader also predicted that the TMC will not win more than 2-3 seats in the upcoming elections in the state and this will be in the midst of a fierce struggle.
The President of the Garo Students Union (GSU), Zikku Balgra N Marak, has alleged that Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), has changed the roster system. merely to gain political advantage.
The purpose of this seminar is to educate the students on the importance of entrepreneurship and its contribution to income growth.
“On that day, we decided to oppose and the Symbud Rangbah has explained that this is not the final decision as there are still many who are going ahead.
The victory of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Sohiong Constituency is not an obstacle to the National People's Party (NPP) and the party will move forward because it will not be able to win the elections. there is nothing wrong with them.
More than 2,500 people from all over India took part in the marathon.
“I as an MLA who is responsible for the community, I don't lie like that, because I don't know what they mean, I want to speak according to the principles. They broke into the field, broke with others, and broke with themselves.
The FKJGP strongly warns against those people who are involved in issuing trading licenses to those mynder who do not even have proper documents and the FKJGP warns against punishing them.
Meanwhile, Dkhar declined to disclose the names of those who want tickets for the Shillong seat and said, “About four candidates have already expressed their intention to contest but we have not yet decided. Their names have not been disclosed to contest the election as it is necessary to keep their names confidential until we receive a reply.
Nongstoin, 03 Naitung: Three trucks of illegally burnt wood have been seized by the Forest Department in Ram Brai and Mawlangsu areas on Saturday.
In the last elections, the BJP did not include the ILP in its Manifesto but BJP General Secretary Rituraj Sinha said it was an issue that had to be consulted with various groups.
From time to time, during the Huri Hura, we hear those who say “There is no time to think...do it”! How long will this lambyrdei? In fact, it cannot be so because even the ong “Don't think...do it with your work”, that work has a source in your thoughts.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairman of KHADC and MDC Mawphlang, Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC Sohiong, Project Director DRDA, Hima officials, officers and residents and others.
This means that teachers should have a special attitude such as listening carefully to the children and checking whether they have understood the explanation.
He said that due to the poor condition of the road, small vehicles have to stop at Nohron and then walk.
The group at the meeting decided to do this because many private individuals, organizations, villages and even government departments respect the environment every year by planting many trees but they are silent. only on that day and leave it after planting without going to see or take care of it.
Speaking on the importance of public participation for the success of health related initiatives, the Prime Minister said that it is one of the main reasons for the success of the health initiatives. campaign to eradicate leprosy.
For the Rotyal Pole, Nganpynshongdor Niang (25) and Dapdor Ymbon (29) scored.
The union, which has received a complaint from the public, has found that there is no teacher in Subject Science at Rymbai Govt Secondary School for about 10 years. Science Laboratory, Computers Lab and full time teachers as most of the teachers are part-time teachers.
Turning to Christianity, under this umbrella of Christianity, there are many church groups. 70 per cent of the population of Meghalaya are Christians in these various churches.
On the women's side, the winners include Jowai, Dkhiah, Mawsynram, Mairang and Mawkyrwat.
In Kohima, Phober Lyngdoh married Valencia Angami, whom he has lived with for 15 years and they have raised children.
So far, no reports have been received from the Rajiv Gandhi Super Specialty Hospital.
Marsowki Suchiang scored the first goal for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu in the 70+1 minutes.
The death of the Dolloi came shortly after the Durga Puja of Nartiang village which is the only village in Khasi Jaintia Hills to celebrate the Durga Puja.
Rida didn't say anything but quickly went back to Kamra as her mother had called her.
They said that the permit for stem and iong colors is for Shillong Region while the permit for blue colors is for rural areas. land that is not rural and cannot earn.
Speaking to reporters, James said the government has not yet received an estimate of the cost of the search for the missing persons in the Ksan crematorium in East Jaintia Hills.
We do not support or oppose the decision of the Synod, but perhaps the KJP Assembly should look into this matter, which may change its activities in the coming days.
After the mid-term elections, the HSPDP has lost another sign of loss and this is due to the absence of the MDC of Mawthadraishan on the day of the KHADC dorbar at a time when the ethnic parties were planning to overthrow the party. the EC of Mr. Pynshngaiñ.
In an announcement at a brief meeting, Metbah said that the Government of India has already allocated Rs 10.52 crore for the construction of the Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia.
However, the Khasi language has grown and developed to what it is today, but it has been decided to include any characters required in the village languages ​​from some areas.
BRAIN POWER: Substances that can damage the brain.
He performed at the International Festival of Inter-Cultural Dialogue between the North East and South East Asia in
Power belongs to the people, Who are in the Assembly; So elect a man, Who loves his country.
The implementation of this project has started since
Ampareen said this after being asked what makes her take part in any activity such as harvesting rice, khoh piat in any activity when she goes to a meeting such as cleanliness or any other activity. work, or in morgues.
The BJYM will send a letter to the central government to ensure that the hospital which is for the welfare of the people will function properly.
He did not know why Basan was removed, but he said that after the death of the former Basan, Basan was appointed only by the Syiem who convened the Dorbar to elect Basan without informing them.
The Chief Guest in his speech also encouraged the participants to engage in other development activities besides agriculture such as tourism, as in this area there are many places that can attract tourists. tourism.
Many people don't know about him who has brought glory to the state by winning the Mr. India Championship and this is what has led him to take part in the Mr. Asia Pacific Championship.
A good and clean house not only helps the pigs to grow, but also improves their bodies.
Speaking about Bah Enshon, he has already taken part in many Khasi films and serials, including Mon ba Jwat, Hep and others.
“In order for the council officers to have time to meet the requirements of the CAG which is still collecting counts regarding the expenditure of the District Council and there are many MDCs who are contesting the MLA election 2023 and after all these officers will also be able to provide the full budget,” said Bah Titos.
The newspaper said that Matharoo, who is close to CM Jha, was involved in collecting money from about 7,000 students of CMJ University.
The Nongsawlia Church, as part of the preparations for this celebration, has issued a Memento to commemorate and support the preparations for this celebration.
After this, Wailad laid the ribbon of the bridge and launched the balloons.
In a statement, the Seng through Bah JJ Lyngkhoi, Publicity Secretary, said that on the 1st of this month, the youth was on his way from Mawkyrwat to return to his village after being killed by the robbers. They were found dead at a place known as Riat Thawlong, on the footpath from Mawkyrwat to Marshilong.
Meanwhile, after receiving information about Pynshngaiñ's visit to Delhi, the Chief Minister is also ready to leave for Delhi to meet Sonia Gandhi. tempt him.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: After two recent meetings of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and the National People's Party (NPP) on the road to the Assembly elections, Thousands of supporters of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) in Mawkynrew Constituency on Tuesday, 02nd November, 2022, thousands of youths came forward to show their strength by creating The People's Democratic Youth Front (PDYF) Mawkynrew Constituency at a meeting held at Thangsning.
Speaking to reporters, Peter J Lawai President of the party said that the rally should be against the Ordinance and other Bills that the government intends to introduce in relation to the rule of law. If those Bills are in conflict with the laws of the District Council.
The operation of these vehicles is not only in the city but also in the suburbs like Mawlynrei, Umpling, Mawpat, Mawblei and so on except for Mawlai and Hynniewmer. Synopsis.
Tarson Sunshine.
After the cold weather, the weather has become cold and dark.
In the men's senior recurve category, Tushar Shelkhe of AIPSCB won the gold medal, Atanu Das of PSPB won the silver medal and Bommadevara Dhiraj of SSCB won the silver medal. you have received a bronze medal.
Everyone was very happy.
The meeting was attended by Bah James Lyngdoh, Vice President of TMC Mawhati, Dr. Saralin Dorphang, President of TMC Mawhati, Sunmoon Marak and many other leaders. TMC supporters in Jirang Constituency.
Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Unit together with the leaders of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit on 15th October visited the MCH Hospital Jowai on the allegation that there is a shortage of medical supplies. the operation of this hospital.
However, after reaching a narrow place at Khoh-yiar near Mawkhap road on the NH-40, the gear of the vehicle jammed which caused the vehicle to roll backwards and fall. sha this place is not clean.
The Meghalaya State Co-Owners' Forum (MNEF) has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the sudden passing away of one of the faithful members of the Seng, who was He is also the President of the Meghalaya Mines Owners Association and at the same time, he is also the MDC of Langrin (Ranikor) Constituency.
The list of players of Meghalaya is: Anastesia Shullai, Anjana Kumari, Awesaina S Marak, Cariyoka Lyngdoh, Dejianna M Sangma, Diya Biswa, Habandarisha Shangpliang, Jennyfer Fancon, Joannah Pyngrope, Lini Mandakini Ksoo, Mania Sangma, Mendy Adrena Maw Ronjoli Basumatary, Steffenie Sohshang, Zoya TasneemStandbys: Evanrihun Sohshang, Bijimme Ch Momin, Lawanjanai Synnah.
The HNLC has admitted that the allegation that the central government is incapable is a bad answer as the ANVC has also signed a ceasefire agreement during the same government in 2004.
She said that in the end everyone wants to build so all political parties need to be involved.
Umlyngka SC opened the scoring in the 56th minute of the second half through Jolly Hynniewta.
(4) If the subject is too large, try to divide it into smaller parts.
However, when the teachers went to meet with the CEM of KAAC – Tuliram Rahang, he said that the KAAC has not authorized anyone to collect the rent.
I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's 85.00 sir. I'm not sure if it's true or not.
Many want a large and populous country like India not to rely on the central government to ensure the welfare of all.
Speeches were delivered by P.Shadap, S.Phawa, L Sungoh and D.Lyngdoh MDC. They said that as a sign of Christmas they have taken this opportunity to help. These are the small contributions to the brothers and sisters living in the Khappud area who have faced many difficulties in their daily lives.
Today, these 9,000 trees have been planted in an area of ​​2,500 square metres.
She also expressed the hope that all the political parties in the state will come to take part in this meeting which will be held tomorrow at the conference hall.
Leaders from KSU, FKJGP, HYC and others laid wreaths at the statue of Paieid Soso Tham in the morning.
The heat from this pajwa spreads all around the house.
When witnessing this Niam Behdeiñkhlam dance from time to time, the villagers of the raij lashem said that although it is a dance that goes along with the religion, it is not a dance that prevents other friends from coming from other villages. They are created from one religious belief and this shows that this Behdieñkhlam religious dance can be said to be a dance that shows and promotes unity and solidarity even in the midst of differences in many ways.
On the other hand, those who used to smuggle goods in the area said that this is the first time that such a thing has happened and they said that the search has been very difficult besides the arrest of one person. also that the place where garbage and garbage is dumped is crowded and unsafe.
We understand that his relationship with the people in the constituency is long and his passing away is a great loss,” said Dr Mukul.
Environment secretary: Apdame Papiah 16.
The judge directed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District Pooja Pandey to register the Bangladeshis as voters.
Shillong: The Chairman of the KHADC, Bah Pynshngian N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the decision of the High Court today is a shame to the state government because the DCA does not understand the rules of procedure of the District Council. He also said that the delay in the working methods of the KHADC for the past two months is due to the State Government.
The Congress won 78 seats, the JD(S) 37 seats and one seat to the BJP in the elections held on 12th June in 222 out of 224 constituencies.
Jowai, March 11: The Nartiang Rural Market Complex was inaugurated by the Dolloi of Nartiang District, Salong Lamare today. Coconut Market.
"Earlier, while announcing the arrest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that through the hard work of the Ri-Bhoi Police, the darkness that intends to turn the state into a darkness.
It would be appropriate to include these villages in South West Khasi Hills District, he said.
As Nagas, I myself am a nationalist, we have to protect our nation and also we have to protect our culture and this is what the KHADC has done,” she said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chairman of the EM of KHADC, who is in charge of the budget, said that the influx of Western culture and the availability of the Internet has destroyed the traditional culture of the festival. it will be an opportunity for the future generations to learn more about their culture.
In Agriculture, PM Kissan of T.10,000/- per farmer has been promised by the Minister of Agriculture and there have been some farmers who have received Power Tiller through Subsidy.
When you are sick and unwell, this will cause frustration.
He said that when contesting the MP election is not easy, any party has to get the percentage set by the Election Commission otherwise there will be a fear for the party that it will lose. you shap your spirit.
Why? Because there are many differences within the party.
Blood Transfusion Services ensures that the public can receive safe and clean blood at any time.
Dozens of buildings have collapsed and an estimated 5,606 buildings have collapsed in Turkey, while dozens have collapsed in Syria. including the famous monument in Aleppo.
In the match in Jowai, EJH failed to tied first but lost all wickets for 95 runs in 28.2 overs.
This is according to a statement sent by the President of the FKJGP, Bah B. Mukhim and the General Secretary, Bah KM Khonglah.
He said the MPF would meet the Governor to explain the situation according to the facts and seek his intervention on this.
“The miners who have received the mining leases have invited us to a meeting where they want to honor me and other Ministers of the Government as a sign of appreciation for the Government's commitment to “It's a good idea to reach this point,” said Conrad.
Nitish was speaking in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and for the first time, he said four lakh or four lakh and then he changed it to "char hazaar" or which means four thousand.
They were taken to Jowai Police Station by Phawa together with the Rangbah Shnong of Caroline Colony, Ladthadlaboh Jowai.
President Lawyerson War said that the union is grateful to the employees of EMRI 108 for their righteous service to the people of Jaintia Hills and other districts especially in the rural areas. PHC and CHC and said the government should listen to the grievances of the EMRI staff as they are some of the service providers to the sick and should fulfill the demands of the EMRI staff. especially in terms of providing their salaries and other medical personnel inside the ambulances.
Larger and more remote villages with many villages can also award prizes to the cleanest villages.
The tender has been called in doubt since the day it was called by the allegation that there was an intention to slow down the work by selecting people close to politicians to award the jobs and the rules of the tender are also strict. It is very difficult for contractors from this state to buy.
According to a report received from the District Election Officer of West Garo Hills, on the night of the 7th, a clash broke out between two groups, the NPP supporters and the TMC supporters at Charbatapara village. which is still under the Phulbari Assembly constituency.
Meghalaya has introduced laws to protect the ownership of land including mineral resources but now if the land owners have coal within 100 hectares they cannot mine because of the The State Government has issued an order that only those who own land of less than 100 hectares will be allowed to mine coal.
Nakita Shylla, Miss.
“Those packets of kyiad made from rice will be seized by the Excise Department,” said the head of the department.
Paint items such as electricity, cars, power supplies, switches, shoes, duplicates, triplicates and so on.
Each school and college sent 20 students to participate in various competitions.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 29: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, today expressed his satisfaction that the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved the State Mental Health and Social Care Policy, which was prepared ten years ago.
Shillong: The Commissioner of Excise, Meghalaya, has announced that liquor shops will be open from 13th to 17th June 2020, from 9 am to 4 pm.
The most dangerous thing now is for the young children especially those who are still studying. There are some elders who look far ahead to the future of the youth and say that the parents of today have given too much will and too much light to their children once again it seems There are those who say that the parents don't care about their children. There are those who say that they have grown up and have understood. Why does society decline so much especially in premature marriage? Do we as parents think about this? They have their own mobile phones remember that pride leads to destruction only if they don't go abroad to study but once they are at home their parents should immediately stop them from holding mobile because it causes a lot of damage and affects the loss of parents in terms of money and it is through mobile phones that we can talk to our friends. Wrong thoughts and through mobile phones we can also post pornography that arouse the desires of the flesh and so on.
“According to the 2011 census, there are more than 44,000 people with disabilities,” she said.
The incident has been registered in law and seizure will proceed against those responsible.
With the hard work of the WJDBA, Badminton is no longer a sport that is only available in Jowai, but has also appeared in Shangpung, Laskein, Khliehriat and even in War Jaintia.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today held talks with various Deputy Commissioners in the state, including health officials, through video conferencing, on the current situation of covid-1
If we count the 500 groups who have not yet received this scheme, it means that there are up to 50,000 farmers who have not yet received this scheme.
The union has expressed its regret over the sale of Mawlasnai land to foreigners and said that this is a threat especially as the area is on the border with Block II which is still in dispute between Meghalaya. and Assam.
But I myself am not; There is no one else, only my daughters/sons and grandchildren from both sides, I live in peace with them.
One of the women of Dong Lum Marboh, Kong Martina Pyngrope said that in the attempt of the women to smuggle kiad, they encountered stones because some women who sell kiad were against it.
Assam at that time had gone to remove the revenue collection gates at Pilingkata, Latakata and Patharkuchi which it did not own.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The President of the Voice of People's Party (VPP) has said that if the RDA works as planned, the VPP will not succeed.
Then the raccoon died, and the death of the raccoon shook the earth like an earthquake.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailur 19: A Sumo has fallen into a road near the bridge in one of the areas on the evening of 19th November, Saitsnad, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Congress has strongly criticized the Central Government for the closure of 40,175 manufacturing plants following the outbreak of Covid-19 in India.
The Lamphang said that at the time of construction of the building, the design company did not appoint technical experts to ensure the construction of the building. He said that the company that received the contract has also accepted that they are also the cause of the incident.
The youths who participated in the drawing were Banteilang Iawphniaw, Balumlang Nonglang, Jontis Nonglang, Maitphrang Puwein and Estingwell Myrthong.
“I have just returned to London, after a trip to the Maldives, Sardinia with my family and a beautiful young woman, Sushmitasen47, which is also the beginning of my new life”.
Deb, praising Modi, said, “He has been prime minister for four years and prime minister for 13 years, but one of his brothers drives an auto and another brother dies. shopkeeper and his mother, lives in a 10X12 feet house.
On the other hand, the Longkmie said that under the banner of the Village Organization, they will continue to serve and the aim is to bring about change and benefit to the people in the village.
In modern foods the ratio of these omega fatty acids is 15:1 or more.
The tweet was posted by a man named Marco_Acortes on July 3, 2013, who wrote, “Corona virus.
Shillong, March 28: U Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh today concluded the 75th Anniversary of Mairang Presbyterian Academy Secondary School at Mairang.
The Government has increased the interest rate to 2% for KCC borrowers and with this increase, the interest rate for KCC borrowers has reached 0 percent.
Those present on the occasion included Nongpoh MDC, Bah Balajied Rani, Rangbah Shnong of Umden area and other elders of Umden area.
He said that the word 'u Khli or Rangbah Shnong' should be replaced by the word 'Nokma' as mentioned in Article 3 (g) of the Sixth Schedule.
He said that the public money should not be wasted.
After the meeting, the DC and SP of West Karbi Anglong District came back to the meeting held at Lapangap village in the presence of the DC of West Jaintia Hills Bah BS Sohliya, SP Bah C Syrti, MDC Bah C Syrti. Mr. A Shadap and the Mayor of Lapangap, Mr. Deimonmi Lyngdoh.
The Chief Guest, Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, congratulated Bah R.Rapthap who was the chief guest on the occasion. He said that the district authorities have also struggled as much as they can to improve education, health and other areas. He said that there are 40 schools in the district. The district has received the opportunity to set up smart classrooms and this is only the beginning, and there will be more schools to set up smart classrooms. They should inform the Deputy Commissioner and Bah R. Rapthap so that they can further improve the quality of education.
However, in Majai, 22, 23,24 tons were produced.
The Director of Bosco Pnar Fr. Francisco Dhar urged the youth who received this training to take advantage of this opportunity so that it will be of benefit to them.
The Minister said that T.24.60 crore has been spent to pay the fees of the students.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 208 new cases have been confirmed and 1945 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
On the morning of the 16th of this month at about 6:30 pm, the relatives of (L) Jamor Ali received a phone call from him while they were eating breakfast in a forest area. Garo Hills.
Khyriem said the Sengbhalang has urged the government to exempt the land owners in the state from the Tenancy Bill.
The SHG Mega Camp was organized by the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS) to mark the 50th Anniversary of Independence of the State.
More than 200 lessons in Garo are available on the Youtube channel “Meghshala Meghalaya” for the public.
In fact, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has said that the UDP has decided not to contest against Pius Marwein of Ranikor in the by-election. long ago.
“I cannot prevent myself from losing, because I have just assumed the post of President only a few days before the Election Commission has decided to hold the mid-term elections. times".
The selection process will begin from 7 am to 4 pm.
After the Government of Meghalaya introduced the Single Window Policy in 1997, dozens of dewbilat factories have been licensed and other foreign traders have been able to set up businesses in the State with the support of you have a subsidy.
East Khasi Hills has 22 new cases, West Garo Hills has 34 cases and Ribhoi District has 12 cases.
This time the people of Meghalaya will support the change and the TMC is the only party that understands the plight of the people of Meghalaya.
In this regard, he said that the distribution of tickets in Ïewduh has been a success as many shopkeepers have responded to the government's request for the urgent need to distribute tickets. as a way to protect themselves as well as others who come to buy from the shops.
These things must happen, and these things must happen.
“With this decline in education in the State, this will force them to face difficulties in their lives,” said the statement.
He said the improvement and renovation has been completed in 220 Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools and work is currently underway in 100 schools.
Expressing that the residents still rely on agriculture, he said he hopes that tourism along with agriculture or agro-tourism will work together, and congratulated the MLA for taking the initiative to create ways and means to implement this project.
“Those who are rich, don't know how to fill their pockets instead of working and uplifting the people.
A group of youths of the party have visited the prime minister's office three times to invite him to be the chief guest, but they have not been able to meet him, as the employees have given the reason that he is too busy. In those days, the Dorbar was not held in the Legislative Assembly of the State.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on November 13, 2013, today said that the granting of bail to the members of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) who have been arrested on charges of involvement in petrol theft is based on the in court not in government.
Shillong: U Donald Thabah, General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle today handed over a house built by the KSU Mawlai Circle. Regina Jyrwa, a resident of Mawlai Nongkwar, has 10 children.
At the end of October, the MDA government leaders will announce the arrival/absence of Amit Shah in Shillong otherwise they will be liars in front of the people.
In the second half, the match became more intense and interesting due to the fierce struggle for the title and although the players of Kbet fought hard to score the goal, but with the skill of the Umsaw players didn't allow the ball to turn the tide but had another chance to score in the second half to win the title 2-0
The Nodal Agency of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has received two awards in recognition of the implementation of the scheme at Arogya Manthan 2023 at a meeting of the National Health Authority. which was held on the 25th and 26th of this month in New Delhi.
They went up to the east until they reached a hill called Kulang and settled there called Nonglulang.
The man of the match was awarded to Iaineh Suchiang of Phramer Cricket Club.
In his speech as the Chief Guest, he congratulated the Club for honoring this man to keep his name alive through many good deeds he has done in the past. past.
Unfortunately there is no direct flight to Bhopal.
Speaking to media, leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) including President Merijune Myrsing and Adviser Sony Kharjana said that at a meeting recently, it was arranged for them to meet again at “It is sad that when we arrived, I was informed that the Minister was not there and when we I called her and informed her that due to urgent work she had to leave for Delhi.
Informing that the MCC will be strictly implemented in the State, the CEO said, “We will take the necessary measures to ensure that there will be no violation of the MCC. as well as new schemes.
(b) To prevent the exploitation by other ethnic groups of land, trade and inheritance and to avoid paying taxes to the Government in the name of husband and children. along with other benefits which the Constitution of India has obliged to give only to the Scheduled Tribes as they are the most backward communities.
The cleaning of the road will take time and it is learned that the vehicle of the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, has collided with a road and has been damaged.
Due to the pandemic in 2020, there will be, the awarding ceremony for students who passed well in 2021 to 2023 as well.
The truck drivers said that they have to protest because the loading of coal is too slow and they have to stay for four to five nights on the road just to stand in line to load the coal.
For out of thee shall come a Judge, that shall judge my people Israel.
To commission the new building of the PHC within 10 months and to provide all the necessary facilities.
Mamata Banerjee doesn't even know the names of the ethnic groups in our state and to ask for votes is an impossible feeling”.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The residents of Borsohra-Nonghyllam, Nongjri and other areas, in a request to the Minister of PWD, Bah Sngewbhalang Dhar, have urged him to order the PWD to The Rangthong Presbytery Service will be held on the 14th, 15th and 16th of this month at Nongjri.
Shillong, Lber 10: After beating Churchill Brothers 2-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup in Goa, Shillong Lajong FC have returned to victory in the NorthEast Derby against Aizawl. 2-1 goal in the I-League on Saturday in Aizawl, Mizoram.
Recently, about 2.5 acres of land near the їewmawlong area has been turned into Government land.
The goal is to attract those special people, tourists and individuals who can promote the State as one of the leading tourist destinations.
The dispute between Assam and Mizoram has been instigated from outside the country, said Law Minister Kiren Rijiju today.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has seized 119 vehicles with exhaust pipes, which have been replaced and fined T.5000 each.
These drugs are taken in the form of cigarettes by smoking, inhaling or injecting and these drugs are worse than others. types of drugs.
On Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that the Congress is also part of the MDA government, Pala said, “Dr Mukul Sangma can say that because when Ampareen Lyngdoh and the four MLAs “I have been with the Congress before I was suspended as the leader of the CLP and suspended all four MLAs, because they could have joined the MDA government in the name of the Congress but they are still suspended from the party”.
Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range), Davis NR Marak said, “We are investigating and we will see whether it is the HNLC or others because new groups (such as the NLCN) have emerged. and appear in the world.
He said that T.4 crore has been proposed for the improvement of the fish market at Iewduh and urged the Hima Mylliem to provide land for the fish vendors to move during the improvement.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, has refused to discuss the allegation of involvement of Social Welfare Minister Deborah C Marak and the GNLA in the Legislative Assembly from the 21st. this month.
Not only that, many vehicles were burnt down.
The recruitment of teachers has progressed and we hope that this will be completed soon in the coming days, said the Minister of Education.
“The tourism industry benefits not only the managers but also many young men and women who have learned and want to stand on their own feet from many villages in the Jaintia Hills. .
On the 17th of November, a search operation was conducted in the forest of Mawlai Mawtawar and a body was found, which was buried in the forest. man, who is lost.
Mona Lisa was the female leader of the gang, police said and investigation is ongoing to find out more about the incident.
There have been 285 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
This helps the seeds to germinate quickly if there is a lack of water in the soil.
The Indian Defense Ministry on Tuesday said its missile crashed in Mian Channu, Khanewal district of Pakistan, on October 9, 2022 and ordered an investigation. strong border.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 17: The Langumshing A Sport Club Knock Out Tournament on Saturday morning closed the Football Tournament held at the Village Ground.
The President of KSU Wapung Unit, Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh and members said that this bypass road is very important because when there is too much traffic jam on the National Highway from Ladrymbai, vehicles used to pass through this road. The bypass road from Moowakhu-Jalyiah to Wapung will reduce traffic jam on the National Highway from NH Ladrymbai.
It is also the time when the candidates and their parties take advantage of the opportunity to raise the voice of their supporters especially the poor and the needy who are more difficult to be treated like those who have the opportunity. who received the book.
If you disagree or disagree with the actions of politicians or elders please express and write in polite or polite language and not in rude or rude language.
If we look closely, the most important thing is from the household and parents should not allow their children to ask for whatever they want and to do too much.
He also expressed his satisfaction with the completion of the construction of the Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Center which was funded by the Ministry of DoNER through the NEC. Kumar, Secretary, MDoNER expressed his hope for this center with the expectation that it will become one of the major tourist destinations in the region.
“We have sent police chiefs to maintain peace and order in Garo Hills,” she said.
In a word, I would like to say that in the years since the death of Kiang Nangbah until now, we have been enslaved in our own country, not by foreigners but by ourselves. now there is no true leader, from the leaders to the political parties.
Now let us build ourselves a city and a tower, whose top may reach to heaven, and let us make a name for ourselves..."At Babel there was an attempt to unite and seize power by one nation or group. rule.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Ri Bhoi Gas Agency, he admitted that there is a shortage of LPG cylinders in Ri Bhoi and this affects even in Khasi-Jaintia Hills. These LPG cylinders have been refused to come to Meghalaya due to the insecurity in the traffic after the incident in Mukroh where 6 precious lives have been lost in the shooting. Pure Assamese.
He said that once the sanction is received, the tender will be called and he said that he has seen the problems of the area regarding the road which is also one of the most important issues for the people.
On Monday, the Muktiar said that he did not agree to participate in the program and said that he has no connection with the RAM. that this is an attempt to defame and defame him.
Shillong: The North East Student Organization (NESO) has imposed a curfew in Shillong today.
He urged the school authorities to throw away their pride and selfishness but dedicate themselves for the development of the school, the community and the future of the nation.
Peter J. Lawai said that the government should address the delay in receiving the salary of the people who have already registered through the government employment department.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The hunger strike of Bah Ardent, which has lasted for a long time, has reached the point where the doctors have had to give him a drip to protect him from any harm. for the sake of the body.
Seven of the winners include Jefferson Kynshi, Donbok Nongrum, Adial, Rudolph, Nathaniel, John and Careen.
Time shows that this renewal of the ban against the HNLC by the CM from time to time has not destroyed the HNLC as we have seen so far, but on the one hand it is a reminder. The Central Government and the State Government that Meghalaya still has forces that fight against the law and by renewing the curfew is to show that this is the position of the Government in relation to and the HNLC is right.
Israel has never attacked itself while winning eight times.
“Where does the government put the money from Delhi?” he asked.
Earlier, on 1st November, 2016, she had sent a pleader notice to Samlang Marbaniang of Pynursla to pay a fine of T.5 lakh. Because he came to quarry stone from the land without any knowledge, the authority of the owner of the land.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh today held a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and officials of the department on the demands of the ASHAs. before meeting them tomorrow.
“Alleging that Dr. Mukul Sangma has used force and avoided talks to resolve any issues or challenges, Conrad said the NPP believes in listening. the voice of the people.
They also wished the people of the area to decrease the number of positive cases and would like to advise the authorities to implement a Micro-Containment area, if the number of cases decreases soon. positive cases, so that the people can go back to work and earn a living, in order to support their families.
“If the demands cannot be implemented on or before 04th November, the Union together with the people will stand in front of the Secretariat Main Building on 05th November to demand from the Prime Minister and his Cabinet. “I don't want to leave immediately,” said Bah Blah in a statement.
For this day, in consultation with the relevant government authorities, it has been decided that the entire stretch of road from Dhankheti-Shillong to Jowai Road-Laitumkhrah Main Road-Don Bosco Square-Calvary will be closed. There is no parking zone on that day.
The four political parties in Ri Bhoi District, the KSU, the Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the RBYF and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) ) on 25th November, launched a “Non Cooperation Movement”, by closing all government offices.
However, Aamir is happy that Bollywood filmmakers have started to be encouraged to make some Hollywood films including Pathaan which is also one of the best films. well this year.
He also promised that he will take part in any needs of the school.
On the same day, Bah CP Mawkon ADC of WKHD also inaugurated two PMAYG houses for the low income in Nongsohpian, West Khasi Hills District.
The Panaliar also decided to allow only one speaker to speak for the candidate and then the candidate will speak.
Some government officials and ministers immediately left their seats during the earthquake out of fear.
Two robbers accused of robbing a businessman from Assam three months ago were arrested by the South Garo Hills Police on Friday.
Nongpoh: In the past few days, the leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, through the hard work of the Circles and Units, which are located in different villages in Ri Bhoi, have distributed food items to many people. There are many poor people in Ri Bhoi who live in different parts of the country.
He was speaking at the Prime Meghalaya meeting held at the State Convention, Shillong where more than 50 local entrepreneurs have received financial support from the state government to set up their businesses.
Ridalin Laloo, one of the teaching staff and School Counselor, gave the awareness training to the students and teachers of the school.
Some of the topics that Rahul Gandhi will address on the occasion are the protest against the high price of food items under the rule of the BJP government, which has affected the poor. The struggle against the discrimination against the poor, the lack of respect for different religions in the country, the violence against women and other issues that the Congress party will fight against should be united. Equality and to receive justice.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: “There are no fish in the rivers, the trees have been destroyed, the agriculture has been destroyed,” said a woman from Mawphu village. “Many people have suffered from cancer, TB and many have died from cancer in Laitduh since the uranium mining,” said the Sordar of Laitduh, Bah Wanlambor Lyngdoh. talk to the reporters.
The college will start next month which is the first year of the college or academic year.
There are still many hydropower projects in the state such as Wah Kynshi (2), Wah Umngot (one), Wah Umngi (one) and others which can generate enough electricity.
Ribhoi District has 1,355 cases and 2 deaths, South Garo Hills has 198 cases and no deaths. South West Garo Hills has 198 cases and 2 deaths. .
If we forecast India’s economic growth over the next 25 years, this will help to understand the priority actions that the Government and private healthcare providers should look at more closely so that the country’s majority paid duh can also be the richest country – providing quality and affordable health care to reduce mortality and also to improve the well-being of 1.43 billion people .
According to the explanation of the village leaders, the cleanliness has started and taught from the household and then in the village and so on.
Because of the inability of its leader, media reported that ISIS is now preparing to elect an interim leader to replace Baghdadi to lead the group, but He said the interim leader will remain under Baghdadi.
The state government has informed the high court to take other measures to reduce traffic jam, including the construction of new roads, parking lots, one way roads and other measures”.
The wolf shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall dwell with the kid, and the young lion and the fatling together;
Shillong : Indian-based e-commerce company Flipkart has opened a warehouse in Guwahati, Assam.
The farmers also vowed that if the Wildlife Department does not do anything to drive out these wild elephants, they will not hesitate to take the law into their own hands. to kill them also.
Nongstoin, Lber 3 :U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Friday launched two vehicles. Tika injection to provide services to the public for the delivery of vaccine in all parts of West Khasi Hills.
This we see when in the rainy season the rain falls on the rocks, and suddenly – suddenly the wind blows the water to the ground, and carries it to the place where the clouds dwell, where it is prepared again. I'm going to fall again.
How do we know that they are in heaven Sohra!.
Therefore, we invite you all as citizens, regardless of whether you are poor or rich, whether you are working for yourself or the government or in any political party, because in the end as citizens we have to continue. live according to free will without being able to coerce or even mislead.
He said that the people who come to seek accommodation should be questioned especially when they come with young women and their names should be taken together to be registered not only the names. guy.
“Therefore, we cannot refuse to ban the vehicles carrying over the border and we also request the residents of the area to cooperate so that if anyone is found, they will be arrested immediately and strict action will be taken against them,” he said. " said the President of the Circle.
Men: Your future wife should read this1
The meeting was attended by Bah Rutherford Lyngdoh, President and Bah Plosbor Kharjahrin, General Secretary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. KSU President Nongrem and other members.
He alleged that the incident may have been caused by someone's political activities.
It is learned that the suspect, dressed himself all over his body and drove his vehicle outside the school and thus, entered the school and shot at the students.
However, as of now, it has been witnessed that many of the cross-border trucks are still trying to pass and violate the law through the Umling-Patharkhmah road especially at night to take advantage of the improvement of the road since it has been cleaned. The Lailad Bridge and which could also damage the newly painted road.
Archbishop Lyngdoh said it is a great blessing to the Church, which continues to work to preach and spread the Gospel and to promote literacy and knowledge.
Nikam said that if the party comes to power, the AAP will repeal the Arunachal Pradesh Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act 2014 and the Incentives, Development, and Promotional) Rules of 2015.
Despite the heatwave which reached 40 degrees Celsius, voters in these two states have been standing in line since 7 pm to cast their votes.
The government had set a target to complete the scheme by October this year but the inability of the state government to meet the requirements has created problems as the central government has decided to withdraw T. 17 crores.
The residents who heard of the incident thought it was a 'menshohnoh' murder.
It was in 2018 that Sourav Ganguly, who was then Chairman of the Technical Committee, inaugurated the foundation stone and the gym at the Polo Ground.
Shortly after this incident, the students of the school gathered in one place until there was a heavy commotion inside the school.
Cash as well as material assistance was distributed to these disabled and poor people.
In Tura, the contest was between Purno A Sangma of the NPP and Daryl Sangma of the Congress.
Carbohydrates and sugars are converted into glucose (another type of sugar) before the glucose is absorbed from the stomach into the bloodstream.
According to the latest news, Bah Rasor, especially his supporters, have been deeply saddened by the loss of ticket, as it has become clear that the ticket in this constituency has been chosen by the leaders without listening to the leaders. you want to be a good baling.
“Furthermore, Sangma said such decisions require a lot of approval if the party wants to contest the upcoming elections.
The MBOSE does not want students to score more marks in Social Sciences but it does so to discourage the candidates especially those who do not get proper explanation from teachers who are not qualified students. The reason for the lockdown in the past year (2021) was the Covid-19 or corona/pandemic.
Deadpol 3 will be directed by Shawn Levy and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick. Ryan will play the role of Anti Hero who joins forces with Wolverine to fight the villains.
Rueben said that only one house has been built and more houses will be built to accommodate the homeless students.
Dimas Delgado is ready to join Carles Cuadrat as a teacher in East Bengal.
(Man is spirit).
There are seven Municipal Boards (MBs) in Meghalaya as of 31st October, 2018 and they fall under the Meghalaya Municipal Act,
Shillong, July 07: The National People's Party (NPP) spokesperson and MLA Shillong East, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Saturday said that she is surprised to see They said that during the elections, they were criticized but after the elections, they came to join the boss of Conrad Sangma.
During the visit, the Governor and his wife also took part in the tree planting ceremony at Potin view point.
That's crane shai kdar that word.
The Leading Election Campaign of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Sohiong Constituency, Bah Amazing Kurbah, on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, is no longer willing to move forward, but is moving from a distance. to campaign in Lawmei because he was afraid of Amazing.
In Assam, the age limit has been increased from 21 to 38 years for Scheduled Tribes/Scheduled Castes to 43 years, in Manipur from 21 years to 30 years and in Tripura to 40 years. In Mizoram, from 21 to 35 years and in Meghalaya, from 21 to 27 years and extended to 32 years. age.
In the end, all those investigations were in vain because from the beginning the purpose of setting up that investigation team was only to buy time and to turn a blind eye to the public and the journalists who pointed out the shortcomings. , the government's mistake from time to time.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pristone said that he and the Prime Minister have held a meeting with a group of the Planning and Finance Department. The next meeting will be held after the 17th of the third month.
If the Act is passed by both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, and once approved by the State Legislative Assemblies, it means that in Meghalaya, women will have the right to vote. to serve at least 19 constituencies.
"It's a very successful event, which we expected to happen," said one of the scientists, James Jackson, head of the Department of Earth Sciences at Cambridge University.
In order to promote the market of Self Help Groups, the catalogs of self-made items manufactured by SHGs have been uploaded on the district website (and through this website you can see the pictures of the items). The contact numbers of the SHGs can also be obtained for the convenience of the public who wish to order the items. At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner urged the public to that they should buy the items of the SHGs because they are also good items at reasonable prices.
Shillong, November 29: The Umlyngka Village Employment Council on Tuesday held a meeting with the MGNREGS job card workers to strengthen their relationship with the MGNREGS job card workers. football from Umlyngka, Upper Shillong.
The project was constructed with the allocation of T.69,56,200/- from the Prime Minister's Kshetra Kalyan Yojana (PMKKKY) and the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
The construction of the school has been completed by 98.95 percent,” said Irani after inspecting the site and praising it as one of the best school buildings in the country. the most beautiful school in India.
Meghalaya is facing a shortage of electricity especially as it cannot build any new projects.
Because if they implement it from this year it will seriously affect the Khasi and Jaintia people to get jobs so the KSU demands that it will be implemented from now on,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar.
Prestone said that the work has been awarded to M/s Shillong Express Way Company Private Limited and all the expenses will be borne by the National Highway Authority of India. He also appointed the Chief Secretary and Additional Chief Secretary to oversee the work.
The Apostle Paul preached in Athens by the power of the Holy Spirit against the Athenians who worshiped “a god whom they knew not” (Acts 17:22-23).
These actions of the government show that there is some power behind us which we cannot know and see but they have shown only a sign of what they are doing.
However, the work, whether farmers or farmers, is done slowly.
This will also save us from many diseases.
Speaking on the occasion, MD & CEO of Universal Sompo Sharad Mathur said, “Access to adequate medical equipment is one of the most important needs in the country.
Hato in this plan of reform will not lead anywhere.
The Enforcement Directorate has seized property worth T.100 crore and T.85 lakh belonging to Atiq Ahmed, one of the notorious robbers who became a world leader. your assistant.
As God the Creator has given to the Hynniewtrep Hynniaw Wasa the belief in religion and customs in the three foundations which are the native abilities to know man, to know God, to know family and to earn money. Right.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The Sengkmie of HANM on the 5th of this month met with the DC of West Khasi Hills at Nongstoin, to discuss with him the situation in the district where the members of HANM they were arrested.
Shillong, July 14: While denying the allegation of involvement with the ANVC(B) in the state, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the allegation is merely a ploy to defame the ANVC(B). him as prime minister and the government.
In another match, Stefanos Tsitsipas saved both goals against Denis Shapovalov to secure an 18-5 victory for the Nets. current game season.
He said that Garo Hills has 24 MLAs and an autonomous district council.
The pages of the book, which are on the table, are from page 168 of Acts.
She said that the Governor has recently passed the KHAD Solid Waste Management 2020 Act on the cleanliness of the villages.
The North East Venture Fund (NEVF) is the first venture fund in the North East to support startups in the region.
I am sorry to read Khasi news because the writers don't know how to write Khasi properly.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that Meghalaya is unique because of its land tenure system and with the introduction of science and technology, there has been a change.
Tuliram Ronghang should have asked whether before the Mikir (Karbi) came to live in this area which is better known as Block I, this area (Block I) belonged to no one. ?.
Chairman of the SSSS, Bah VanShan Buhphang, recalled that the Seng Samla Wahlyngkhat, has taken responsibility since 1999, for many activities related to the cleanliness, maintenance and maintenance of the village. drinking water wells, roads, and especially to clean up streams.
“Thadlaskein C&RD Block is one of the largest Block among the five C&RD Block in Jaintia Hills in terms of the number of villages, population and land area.
How can women be called if they are Rangbah Shnong?
If you are physically ill, you are not allowed to appear in front of anyone. I would like to become a member of the Ram Associations if possible.
Nongstoiñ: The HSPDP, under the leadership of Bah KP Pangniang, President of the West Khasi Hills District, on Saturday held a general meeting at the headquarters of the party. Nongstoiñ for consideration regarding the letter of resignation of Bah LG Nongsiej.
NESO will also prepare protest programs to be held from November 30 in all the eastern states.
On this occasion, wheelchairs, walking sticks, canes, wheelchairs for the hearing impaired were also distributed and forms were also distributed to those who are eligible for this scheme. chief minister of the state.
The 2nd Semi-final (postponed due to Cyclone Fani) will be played on the 18th June,
So we have to ask the following questions: Do such schools respect the precious lives of students? Do such schools know the saying “Health is Wealth” and what does it mean? broader view of the wholesome health of individuals and society as a whole. If such schools respect the precious lives of students and know or understand the saying “Health is Wealth,” why do they want to write the blood of the science that exists? In 2002, 18 years ago, an outbreak of SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) in Guangdong Province, China, caused more than 100,000 people to die. 8000 people and killed more than 800 of them.
Esaranaki won a gold medal in the kata and a bronze medal in the committee.
The drone ringing was taken by Bankor and the song was composed by Benjamin Marbaniang.
Ian said that he has been doing this in the forest near his house since the first month of July this year.
Later, the demands increased and became stronger when the Khasi Author's Society also tried to push for this issue not only from the state government, but also from the central government as well.
Jowai, July 05: As part of the training to the residents on how to reduce the production of garbage and how to separate the garbage from their homes, the Dorbar Chnong Chiliangraij, Jowai, on Saturday held a training program at the Dorbar Hall of the village.
ML-04-9622 was registered at Prosperson Suting, Mowkaiaw.
The Sordar of Umkrem Village, Bah YN Thabah and the Executive Committee of the Village, on 20th July, clarified the allegation in the media that there is misuse of the toilet scheme in Umkrem Village. Mawthadraishan C&RD Block said that this money is not a waste but a delay in implementation.
Therefore, the Rangbah Shnong invites all the residents of Nongdewsaw Village and those who are not the owners of the village but who own land in Nongdewsaw Village to come out on the 23rd October, at 9 pm to meet with the Village Authorities at the office for discussion on this issue.
The current MDA will dismiss how many teachers or appoint all the teachers who have been dismissed because in the newspaper on 11-3-23, the new minister said that he will do what is best.
They said that most of their demands end in verbal discussions but this time they demanded that if the department has anything to say it should inform in writing.
The Government should also grant the demands of these teachers, so that they can live as usual.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, Claudia A Lyngwa, in charge of East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that marriage between children under the age of 18 years cannot be accepted. She said this after being summoned before the House Committee on Women Empowerment of the Legislative Assembly headed by Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh at the MLA Hostel. today.
The 9th nomination and the 2nd vote.
Shillong: The Foreign Trade Chamber of Commerce (FTCCM), the largest and oldest association of exporters and importers in the region, today met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District. The FTCCM has spoken and requested the DC to reopen the border market through Dawki LCS. The reopening of the export and import border market between Bangladesh and India will be a blessing and joy to thousands of people in the region. ja kpoh, from this border market from the shopkeepers, the drivers, the day laborers and even the Government receives a lot of revenue from this border market.
The meeting was held at Khimusniang Indoor Hall Sports Hall, Jowai in the presence of the chief guest, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Students and Teachers from various schools of the district. Speaking on the occasion, Dr. I. Khyriem, Senior Medical and Health Officer, DTC, Jowai, said that TB is a silent disease. Killer' is one of the most dangerous diseases if people do not take care and think at the right time and can also lead to death.
If we include the need for milk production and distribution, the investment opportunity is about T 1,40,000 crore.
The nation since ancient times.
Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader George Blyngdoh has resigned as Vice-President of the party and President of the Umroi Block Committee.
“The people of Sohiong constituency, should vote in the spirit of sympathy and retribution for all that Bah HDR Lyngdoh has done as the leader of Sohiong constituency. ", said Mr. Metbah.
Secondary schools will receive the second batch of funds, while upper and primary schools will receive their first batch.
The Sordar of Riangkang, Bah Tarphus Ïawphniaw, has expressed his gratitude to the government together with the MLA, who have provided this road.
This was stated by Macdonald Jitem, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Mawlai Circle.
The performance was attended by Aba Nongkhlaw and Welborn Mynsong, while Wanbet Shympliang taught the dance and the songs were composed by Kirot Mukhim.
Matthew Hobbs, head of the research team at Diabetes UK, said more research was needed to better understand and know the facts in this study.
He also suggested that as a team, we should not be afraid even if we have to play against the stronger states in this tournament.
Shillong, July 13 : An earthquake measuring 4.0 on the Richter scale has struck the state and the North East at 6.32 pm today.
Arien Bonchang scored 42 out of 59 runs for SGH, but had to leave the field in the remaining four overs.
He said that if they go to Delhi in February, they will go only to discuss the ILP issue, otherwise the Sengbhalang will not go to Delhi.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah O Thangkhiew, President of the Joint Action Committee Hima Jirang.
He said that according to Pushain, the smugglers are from Shillong and one of the smugglers is known as Eva.
On the other hand, the Sengkhihlang expects that the Behdieñkhlam celebration will be a big and fruitful one because in the past two years the Behdieñkhlam celebration has been quiet due to the presence of This year, the COVID-19 pandemic has disappeared completely, and through this celebration of Behdieñkhlam, may God bless all the children of the Seiñ. Raij Jowai that God will remove the disease from the plague so that in these 'Soo Sngi Le yicaw' the Gods will visit the homes of each and every child of the Seiñ Raij Jowai with blessings.
“We will wait for the Prime Minister to explain to us and we also want to see that these activities will not stop and also that the people will not think that we have postponed these activities,” said the Minister and Government Spokesperson. MDA Ampareen Lyngdoh talking to reporters.
DP Wahlang said that the curfew passes from the inter districts for the examination conductors will be provided by the state education department.
Speech was also delivered by the President Rangbah, Bah Leningstar Rymbai who briefly explained the journey of the Seng with its challenges and blessings. Government to provide Government College in East Jaintia Hills District and to upgrade Kiang Nangbah College in West Jaintia Hills District for the benefit and future of the youth of Jaintia Hills District. It aims to serve the nation in protecting the land, protecting and improving the income and preserving and preserving the culture of the nation which is our example.
Therefore, there should be an agreement by the Seng Kurs on this issue and to discuss and discuss it properly as it is an issue that affects the entire Khasi community.
Prestone Tynsong said the Government has handed over the task to the Chief Secretary of the State Government to appoint an Expert Agency to investigate whether there is a truth. the light of the lightning in the city of Domiasiat.
Therefore, such C&RDs, Sub-Divisions and Administrative Units are needed so that if necessary, the people can get assistance quickly.
There were also many people from outside the state who came to witness the festival.
Witting said that the talks in public places have not been successful, although Bland has responded slowly but he still has to talk to him face to face.
The suggestion here is that the ration distribution system should be completely overhauled.
He also participated in the Vadya Darshan organized by the Sangeet Natak Academy, New Delhi in 2002 and the second part of the Thoh Shun International Art Camp 2006 held at Sohra, East. Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, they should refrain from saying, ‘no’ to tobacco so that they can maintain a healthy and fit body.
Nongpoh, June 11: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Umling Circle, under the leadership of Bah George Tangsang, today visited the building of the AEC. It is located in Narnag Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The FKJGP Mawsynram has demanded that the MLA/MDC of Mawsynram should take up the issue in the State Legislative Assembly on the need to open a Civil Sub Division in Mawsynram. u paidlang not good church.
All four kidnappers of a veterinary doctor were killed in a shootout with police in Shadnagar this morning, the report said.
On Saturday, 406 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1496 in the state.
“The HYC has expressed its regret to see that even on Sunday, not only drugs but also illegal activities, prostitution and alcoholism are rampant in the market,” said the HYC office bearers. “We express our concern for the future of the youth and we have also found weapons.
“I am pleased that with the assistance of the Ministry of Home Affairs and the cooperation of the Chief Minister of Assam, we have been able to find solutions to the problems in seven places. do not judge the pud.
After the meeting, he addressed the residents of Tura, saying, “When you vote for the Trinamool Congress, you don't vote only for the Trinamool Congress but you vote directly for the Trinamool Congress. He urged the people to remember that they have voted directly for Mamata Banerjee.
We have many more students than other States in the North East.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on the 7th of this month during his visit to New Delhi, sent a letter to the Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Narendra Singh Tomar. He urged the students of Meghalaya who are studying at CAU, Imphal to continue their studies at CAU Campus at Kyrdemkulai in Ri Bhoi District so that they can continue their studies without anything else.
"Furthermore, the Seng urges all the residents that if they find any problems, they should come and meet them and promised to cooperate with this PHC to improve the quality of life of the PHC. more and more of it.
One of the two BJP MLAs, during the height of the ILP protest here, said that he would be ready to commit suicide in front of the PM if the ILP is not granted, but a few months earlier. In the election, the same MLA said, “Give us 31 MLAs, the ILP will be yours”.
The fig tree represents the land of Israel, the land of Israel has risen since 1948 and has gained its ability and power to govern itself.
The deterioration of the roads has caused problems to passengers, vehicles carrying patients, school children and others,” said the AITC. UDP MLA Bah Nujorki Sungoh has affected the traffic of the people in the constituency of the Minister of State for Home Affairs. The health of James PK Sangma has made it seem that the state is in the midst of being evacuated from the region.
Ambrose Doloi from Jereibasai was elected as Assistant Secretary, Ripolas Nongtri from Patharkhmah as Treasurer and two advisors including Esman Lyngdoh from Umkynsir and Bah Najim Kharmalki from Patharkhmah with 20 EC members from different circles of Western Ri-Bhoi.
BBS College Shillong managed to score in 8.1 overs for the loss of three wickets.
Opportunities for persons with disabilities: This bill provides for the special needs of persons with disabilities by providing for the ability to develop rules for access for all parts.6.
“But I will not.
Daphilakhamti Mary Pyngrope won the first prize of 20,000 tyngka, Karvinroy Kharmawphlang won the second prize of 15,000 tyngka. The third place went to Dio Medi Diengdoh with 10,000 tyngka and 10 consolation prizes along with trophies.
Rose said he and his wife had released the sanshieng four years ago and had tied the sati to the fish as a sign of remembrance.
They are afraid to speak out and participate in social activities lest they be criticized rudely and unfoundedly and many other ways in which society intimidates women.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle (KSU) has once again expressed its concern over the smuggling of foreign trucks into the area.
When Rida was allowed here, she was able to reveal everything she had hidden in her heart.
“I will take action to fight as much as I can to achieve these two issues that are necessary for journalists,” said Dr Ampareen.
The award will be given to students who have scored 65% in SSLC, 60% in HSSLC, 60% in Degree and 60% in Master Degree.
Suddenly, just because of the election, this minister has come and promised to grant ILP if the people win the BJP. The ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule should not be granted.
Shillong, March 23: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of South Shillong Constituency and Minister of State, on Saturday inaugurated the Children's Green Spaces Park (Children's Green Space Park) at Madan Laban. from the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) scheme at a cost of 55,35,000 tyngka.
One of the accused in the killing of HITO member Solomon Rymbai has surrendered to the Ummulong Police Station.
He said this program is a symbol of the victory of Team Bharat and the spirit of SabkaPrayas.
Police today arrested two GNLA members, Malseng Sangma, 32, and Tengpan Sangma, 25, from Rongrong village near Ronjgeng in East Garo Hills.
However, as mentioned above, it is the continuous production and high demand within and outside the State, which has brought about the growth of the Company, the employees, and the markets in you are in Sohra.
The relationship between the meanings of "doubt" and "fear" can also be seen in the French word "doute" - "redouter" which appears in English "redoubtable"
However, he said that for those who wish, they can come to the office of the party from 8:30 pm until the time of registration.
The Mynkre 132/33 KV substation, which is connected to the power grid and Mptcl, costs T.34,86,76,533.00 crore.
The residents have raised questions why the 18 tire truck was allowed to enter the village and parked along the road for many hours to unload or transport food.
The Minister said that the management of the banks is closely monitored by the government every 10 years under the leadership of the Chief Secretary.
Speaking to reporters, Sohlang said that although the BJP Meghalaya has not yet decided whom it will give the ticket to contest the upcoming MP elections, the voice of the people from West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills District Council (KHADC) has looked at Dr. Fenela as she has contested twice for the MLA election from Mawthadraishan Constituency. Brolding Nongsiej and in the second round she contested from Nongstoiñ constituency as an independent candidate but was defeated again.
Therefore, on our part, we fully support the march to be held on 24th November 2021 organized by the Awaken India Movement. public will also be available in different parts of the world.
this angel has the eternal Gospel in his hand – He says in a loud voice, “Fear God and give him glory, because the hour of his judgment has come” Revelation 14:6-7
The UDP has increased from 6 to 8 MLAs after the joining of SK Sunn from Mawphlang and Pius from Ranikor in the 60-member election. Dr Donkupar's reply came after being asked whether the UDP will demand more ministerial posts after winning the Ranikor constituency.
It is necessary to mention that such a heritage today needs to be surprised that we should not own all the things that are in the fire only in this heritage without thinking about the future of them. The children, the brothers and sisters have been able to continue life on this earth only in the dew tyrkhong where there is no clean air, clean water and even a clean way of life.
Those who sell tit along the road said that they have been selling tit for a long time, but no one has been upset because they have recognized a good tit when they went to pick it from the forest.
The US invasion was secret and unsuspected and within 2 hours of the beginning of the invasion, the US had completed all its mission and al- Qurayshi was killed and 24 US soldiers returned home safely.
Conrad said that Chuba Ao's statement is inappropriate and makes him look down on his own people and be looked down upon by others.
Meghalaya used seven bowlers and three bowlers took 10 wickets each.
Sohkynphor, sohsaw, broccoli and kubri are among other sources of vitamin C. Skin aging : If you witness premature skin aging, it is necessary to increase your vitamin intake. C. This vitamin can reduce the appearance of lines and wrinkles of the skin and also reduces the appearance of wrinkles.
“In the past few years, we have made great strides in the health sector and have taken various measures to ensure the quality of health care in Meghalaya,” he said.
If the government feeds all the quarantinees, the government's budget will have to collapse.
“When we go up and down, the people want unity, we are encouraged because we think for the future but if we go up and down it will lead us.
He said that the Tribal Museum and the Khasi Traditional Tribal Institute will be built in Mawphlang.
The time has come for us to think together; especially on the State Reservation Policy which is also related to the Roster System so that the distribution of government jobs in the state will be fair and also to protect the future of the Khasi-Jaintia youth. we.
Shah said there are efforts to set up paper mills here which will promote the use of siej produced in the area.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 30: West Khasi Hills District is a large and prosperous district, but when it comes to development works and assistance from the government, for the benefit of the residents, it is less than especially in education, health, agriculture, employment, roads, drinking water and others especially in the rural areas.
As the candidate for the 2023 Election from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, Nehimaya Tyngkan in her speech urged the people of these areas near the border with Assam to be farsighted when voting. a judge who works righteously for the people whom he has purposed from of old.
On behalf of the Archbishop of Shillong, Victor Lyngdoh said that the rally will start from Madan Iewrynghep, Laitumkhrah near the Fire Brigade and end at Don Bosco Stadium, Laitumkhrah.
She said that the voluntary blood donation in the state is 18% lower than the 100% national average.
We don't argue about that because it's the truth.
Nongstoin, June 18: Before the election for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), the residents of four polling stations in Mawthadraishan including Upper, Lower, Langlew, Marngor and Phyllut They demanded that before the upcoming MDC elections, the government should include the Nongstoiñ constituency.
Deisy also did as agreed.
Short-sighted thinking without a vision of tomorrow, causes the heads of some kingdoms to walk in their own understanding.
The history of Block I and Block II is well known that the relocation of Block I and Block II is only for the sake of peace in governance.
So far, 36 cases have been confirmed and 43 cases have recovered.
According to the sister of the deceased, the deceased was a disabled man and on the day before he disappeared, she last saw him in parts of Pahamsyiem village. day, it is no longer known where he is now.
He said that the ownership of land is one of the parts of the Sixth Schedule in the state.
Donald said that the vacancies at the hospital are in Grade B, C and it creates problems for the students because they have to leave for days just to write the examination because of the examination centres. they are not far away.
After the ceremony, there was a wreath laying ceremony and candlelight vigil at the grave of Archbishop Dominic Jala in the presence of the relatives of the Archbishop. Catholic Church at the tomb of the Archbishop to commemorate his service and dedication for 19 years as the head of the Church.
CCTV surveillance cameras have helped to strengthen the enforcement of the law.
These leaders had the opportunity to discuss with Amit Shah on issues that the state needs, such as the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the fifth schedule of the Constitution, the Inner Line Permit ( ILP) and the opening of trade to Bangladesh through Meghalaya.
This order shall come into force from the date of publication of this notice and shall remain in force for six months until another order is issued.
Therefore, we have to look into all these issues and we hope that we will gradually be able to find ways and means to address these problems of the State,” he added.
Other MDCs, Lasky Rymbai from Tuber constituency who is also Deputy CEM, JHADC and Ma Gillroy Tariang, have come forward. MDC War East.
Samla Pariat urged the people who come to the place not to spread the bottles and garbage, but to keep them in the places where the organization has set up. and you shall cut down the tree.
Meghalaya has had a Compulsory Marriage and Registration Act since last year after the Legislative Assembly passed the Bill passed by the Governor of the State.
The Seng also warns that those who cause trouble will be held responsible.
Bengaluru: The Chief Minister of Karnataka has slammed the Minister of Liquor Distribution of the Karnataka government for telling the media that his department intends to deliver liquor directly. in the lodge for those who want alcohol.
If the daughters of the mother who belongs to the Syiemlieh clan give their jait to the father who gave birth, the child of the Syiemlieh clan has lost its jait.
The Circle Inspector, TJ Synrem, said that the body of Kalu Chetrri, 35, of Bhoi Rymbong/12KM, Assam, has been found dead. , Dimahasao District, wearing a purple sweater, blue T-shirt and brown pants, was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The largest part was under the Nongstoin Hima.
Nongpoh, Lber 25: The National People's Party (NPP) in the state has announced that it will hold elections for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat in the Lok Sabha. Many leaders from other political parties have joined the National People's Party (NPLP) in Ri Bhoi District today. Snow.
Replying to a question, Bah Renik said that there has never been a government that has escaped the criticism especially in relation to corruption.
Bah Sniawbhalang also congratulated the office bearers of the Association for their 50 years of service, saying that it is not an easy task to serve in this capacity. without any payment, but it is the hard work of these office bearers from the past until now that has been able to conduct many of the activities of the Association in relation to various sports activities.
Health teams rushed to the school as soon as they received the news of the infection of students of a school in Tabriz.
Many students from the area still have to go to Nongstoin or Shillong which is 17-180 km away.
The club will now be temporarily managed by one of its former players, Santiago Solari.
Today, Shillong received 6.9mm of rainfall while Umiam received 3.7mm.
Miss Hornbill International 2023 is attended by beautiful girls from all over India and neighboring countries.
The Union Minister said that for those who intend to study in central universities or colleges run by central government universities, they have to write the CUET examination, such as NEHU has an Agriculture College and a Law College.
However, if these households, even if they earn less than T.8 lakh but have farmland of 5 acres or more, they will no longer receive this certificate.
She congratulated the VEC Lahaleiñ and also Bah Lamsing Tyngsong who is the owner of the land for their efforts in fish farming and production.
When it comes to these eastern parts of the world, Japan is proud of its traditions handed down by its ancestors.
She said that as of now there is no border dispute especially in Langpih, West Khasi Hills because Meghalaya has never claimed land but has been given land by Assam.
“The investigation of the EOU team has revealed that the accused was involved in spreading these fake videos showing the killing and bombing of Bihar workers in Tamil Nadu in Social media," the article said.
ISIS militants also created a new state called the Caliphate on Sunday.
Such an initiative by the MLA of Manipur was appreciated by all.
He said that the border in relation to Block-1 should no longer fall under the border list but should be re-transferred according to the inspection by the two District Councils. United Cachar and Mikirs Hills District and United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District which was made according to the order of the Government of Assam starting from 17th February 1958 at Umbaso and completed at Jrikyndeng on 23rd February and sufficient circumstantial evidence.
Regarding the bridge at Umiam, Tynsong said that the bridge has already been inspected by the experts and they have directed the government to control the weight of vehicles. cross this bridge.
“Speaking on Meghalaya, there are many forests under the jurisdiction of Syiems, Raids and therefore on this issue too we need to discuss with all those involved and look after and to cut down such trees that pose a threat of felling," he said.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, U Thomas Sangma on Tuesday decided to expunge the speeches of Dr Mukul Sangma from the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. He accused the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, of having close ties with a drug trafficker from Mizoram.
These 297 families have vowed to turn to the BDO's office if they are deprived of the poor housing scheme which is their right.
Only agriculture can make the Jaitbynriew and the State as a whole.
Shillong: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced that he has tested positive for Corona virus.
Shillong: U Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, today received the resignation letter of MM Danggo MLA of the 35th Ranikor Constituency, in a statement sent by Andrew Simons, Commissioner & Secretary. , the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
The meeting was concluded by the distribution of garbage bins to various villages in the Killing area as part of the goal of bringing about a clean environment in the Killing area.
Police have seized three mobile phones and a Maruti car worth T.54,150/-.
Mansturdy today led Congress leaders from Ranikor constituency to meet UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy at his residence, where they confirmed their full support for the UDP candidate from Ranikor. .
Before the meeting, the office held a rally which started from Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat to Mawkyrwat Market and ended at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. The rally was opened by Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sub-Inspector of Schools, Mawkyrwat and who also gave the opening speech with the participation of 22 schools and teachers.
“Together with the family members, we will continue to monitor this case and I will argue that the law will immediately impose strict penalties against the BSF personnel involved,” he said.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply) in charge of Mairang Civil Sub-Division said that the supply of petrol for the month of September, 2021 has been released at the rate of 2.72 liters per household for those who have been affected by the fire. electricity and 3.00 liters for villages which have not yet received electricity.
Shillong: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Chairman of the Regional Committee in charge of Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday said that trucks and heavy vehicles are not allowed to pass through the NH0 Continue until the PWD and NHAI improve the road, but only small vehicles are allowed to pass through the Star cement road.
The union also strongly condemns the stinginess and unfairness of the Labor Department to ensure that the foreign workers brought by these companies have the necessary documents when they come to work in the country. the area.
They are simply thrown into the ground under water, but the water should not cover the plant.
The training was inaugurated by the President of the Governing Body of the college, Sayeedullah Nongrum in the presence of Kong Helen Giri, one of the pioneers who fought for the introduction of Khasi music in schools and colleges.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, said that as part of ensuring that the residents are safe to eat fish, the Food and Safety Department will test the fish not only for those who They came from outside, but they didn't even catch the fish of the country.
Shillong: U Bah David Nongrum, MLA of Mawryngkneng, has passed away suddenly this morning.
Among those whom the KHNAM has inspected, it has found that there are about 20 people who do not have any documents such as EPIC or other documents to prove that they are Indian citizens. hand over these people to the police.
On the incident ha Khanduli, the CEM said the regional committee has been advised that it does not belong to Block-1 and there is no dispute, but it belongs to Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said, “I have never seen such a turnout of people.
Shillong, June 04: Nongthymmai SC have won the First Division Football League of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
He said that the CCIB is not against the signboard but we want the government to fix the border between India and Bangladesh according to the documents that the land owners have so that the signboard can be erected. The sign shall not affect or destroy the land owners who live through agriculture.
The KSU has staged a protest on the grounds that there are 57 schools allocated for Meghalaya under NEIGRIHMS out of which 22 are from the Central Pool and 35 from the State. Pool, but two of the Central Pool have been allocated to the children of the employees of NEIGRIHMS by cutting off the allotment of the students of the state.
This bridge has been a blessing to many villages near and far who pass through this bridge every day and this bridge also connects South West Khasi Hills, Sohiong, Nongstoin and other villages. said the Sordar of Kynshi Bangla, Bah Aiban Syiemlieh, while confirming the danger of the bridge.
The poor and the rich will find it difficult to survive without money.
The High Command of the BJP yesterday decided to support the NPP in Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Constituencies. ," he said.
Prestone has promised to allocate more than T.7 crore for the construction of more than 3 kilometers of road. The budget will be released soon and the tender will be called. The election of the Leaders of Meghalaya has been completed.
Jowai, July 17: The Government of Meghalaya has from time to time encouraged the youth to take advantage of the beauty of nature in the state by building beautiful tourist attractions and building tourist accommodation in their respective villages and this will provide employment opportunities.
Besides the march, there was also a strong participation of the people to sign as a sign of support to fight against this issue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) BDR Tiwari said that so far there has been no information that ECI officials will come to the state but the talks have been going on from time to time. through Video Conference regarding the preparations for the elections.
The incident in Alipur came after the villagers went to protest against the incident on Republic Day and at that time, the police chief went to arrest the suspect. but thou shalt not be able to smite him that taketh him by the sword.
Shillong: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent Basaiawmoit will continue to remain on strike until the government submits a letter announcing the setting up of an Expert Committee to study the bill. Reservation Policy.
The AAP leaders said that if it wants to arrest, it should not arrest those who post the slogans, but it should arrest the writers and those are the MLAs of the AAP. A total of 27 people have been arrested, including day labourers, rickshaw drivers and two AAP members. Speaking to reporters, Durgesh Pathak, who “These articles are written by the AAP, not by me,” he said.
Once they were leaders, now they have become auctioneers of the country and the nation.
The Seng urges the villages to welcome the Mawbynna sahnam as soon as he passes by with thanksgiving, prayer and prayer for only 10 minutes each time to welcome the Mawbynna.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Trinamool Congress MLA from Mahendraganj constituency Dikkanchi D Shira on Saturday questioned the NPP-led Meghalaya government on the issue of corruption in the state. illegal coal mining and promise of women.
Jowai, July 24 : The District Child Protection Officer (DCPO) has announced that a girl child who was found missing on July 22, 2023, has been found dead. Shohnoh, Mukhla, who was under the care of doctors at MCH, Jowai, passed away today (24th June, 2023) at 4:25 pm at MCH, Mukhla. Jowai.
In West Garo Hills, there are 4 cases including 3 high risk contacts and one case from outside.
The election in Mizoram has also made history with the election of three women MLAs. They include the ZPM candidate from Aizawl South-III, Baryl Vanneihsangi Tlau and Lalrinpui from Aizawl South-III. ZPM from Lunglei East and MNF candidate from West Tuipui, Pravo Chakma.
Even if it is a problem in which the roads and highways have been blocked but because of the unemployment and the government is blind, we as the people cannot suffer as a help to those who do not have the opportunity. someone else to provide for his family.
While the farmers' protest continues in Delhi, a groom went to his wedding ceremony by sitting on a tractor, as a sign of his support for the farmers' protest. the struggle of the farmers.
The peritoneal dialysis was performed after several tests on the children showed that the condition was getting worse.
The scheme was distributed to 650 households at a meeting held today at Liewlong, Pomlakrai.
On the other hand, the Minister of State congratulated him and presented him with a certificate and a memento.
And the same thing happened to MCCL.
In a meeting with the SEPSD leaders today, they decided that factories should not be allowed to set up inside the village and outside the village which affects the health of the residents.
“However, at the same time, there has been another incident in Laitumkhrah in a crowded area where the explosion occurred. “There is a lot of evidence of the involvement of many people including the man who died two days ago,” he added.
Meanwhile, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, President of the Kharsyntiew Youth Wing, said that this has affected the entire Kur especially those Kurs who live in the Kharsyntiew Kur. Kynrut village and also by their recognition of the Kharsyntiew clan, they have also received many benefits such as government schemes, job card, ration card and other benefits. the rights and shares of the Kharsyntiew Kur in this village.
HOPELINE-Covid Warriors, Khliehriat.
It cannot be said that it used to be the custom in Meghalaya that political parties, although working together in the same government, started fighting each other a year or two before the elections.
Look at the Umkhrah River from the top and you will see that the houses have stood on the rivers.
The fair was inaugurated by the MDC of the area, Ma J Treilang Suchiang as the chief guest.
After his father-in-law, he said, he inherited from his father, Jungbil Biswa, then from his brother, Chokbil Kharsyntiew. he.
Institute or Institution : A school is called a school or can also be called a school because it is an institution where you can study or be taught any subject.
On the other hand, Umsning Circle President Henry Marngar, Lum Umpih Unit said that a truck container number UP 21 CN 1156 was coming from Silchar. The driver and followers of the truck took advantage of the lack of vehicles and passengers due to the Independence Day.
On the fourth day of Panah's arrest, a court received from the police that Rida's mother had to leave for the police station.
Raising questions, the VPP MLA said that many cow farms have had to close down their cow farms due to the outbreak of snieh doh and this has affected many people. and their income.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Shillong today has risen sharply to
The President of the union expressed his dissatisfaction with the condition of the CHC and said that the people have lost confidence in the CHC as it appears that there is no doctor in the CHC. He also said that the residents of the area have to go to CHC Mawphlang for treatment when they are suffering from illness because CHC Sohiong cannot provide the services as it should.
The CBPS was inaugurated by the Director General of Police (DGP) Tripura Amitabh Ranjan in Agartala.
When asked about the border dispute, DD Lapang said that the border settlement is through dialogue between the two states and urged the two state governments to surrender. to bring about the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
You can also attend a zumba class.
It is to be recalled that a group of Executive Members of KHADC on the 11th of June, inspected the market in Ïewduh following the decision taken at the meeting on the 10th of June, There is no more kilograms of grain in Judah.
If the mothers are like that, where will the country and our children go? Our sons are the sword, we are the stieh to protect our country,” said Kong Marweiñ.
Other speakers included the Sordar of Thangmaw, the leader of the Syiemlieh clan, the youth leader of the KSU, HANN and others. to protect the nation and the independence of the Khasi Hills, by being vigilant and vigilant against the schemes of the authorities or the foreigners.
They are the sons of Ma Well Dkhar from Lamyrshing.
Deepika, who has impressed many viewers with her song with SRK, Jhoome Jo Pathaan, has reportedly danced with the actor again in one of the songs from the film Jawan. of Nayanthara.
The story began with a little boy who cried and demanded that his parents bring him the moon.
What is more sad is that those who do this are not only people who walk around or riew madan but even people who are in positions like officers or legislators have done this. price.
On the other hand, he said the government also has a plan to create jobs for the unemployed youth.
Before the elections, the MDA Government has allocated the same amount of money under the FOCUS scheme, which has allocated T.5000 thousand to each household.
However, these Eagle Hunters did not end up injured but ran away until the police killed them.
At the same time, the residents of the area request and expect that the government will consider creating more roads to improve the entire road in the area which is the Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat road. - Jalalpur (RBBJ-Road).
The whole world has moved forward, let us also bring about a change in which we stand forward by choosing the shrot and the paia of development in society and immediately reject the selfish people so that that our country and nation will rise again in all aspects.
Shikha Pandey, who has returned to the game for the T20 World Cup in South Africa, has now found herself without a contract. Taniya Bhatia, wicketkeeper of the team; Pacer Renuka Thakur, who did not sign a contract last year, has been promoted to Grade B after her good performance this season.
“We are afraid that the traditional music will disappear, that's why we set up this school to provide free training to the youngsters who want to learn; now we have many children who come to play," he said.
The State has 3512 Polling Stations of which 326 are in urban areas and 3186 in rural areas.
“We are the National Party and the Regional Parties will need our help because without us they will not be able to form a government without us. I can't go to Delhi.
Others thought of us differently, especially when we were young,” said Hiram.
However, since then I have understood that it is not that Bah Bull intends to carry a puh shilum to destroy anyone's house, but what I understand is that if the KSU should protect the The country and the nation must protect and fight against the powers of the foreign and domestic wealthy as well.
He said that the office which laid the foundation stone today is a responsible office through which all the schemes of the government have been informed to the people especially to the villagers. to be regarded as the most important department.
There will also be a 100% prize for the best players.
“These companies have violated the Companies Act, 1956, the Mines Act, 1952 and the Foreign Exchange Act, 1999,” she said.
We will not go and we will continue and we urge those who have been invited (by the government) not to go because this is the life and death of the country and the nation,” said the President of HITO. I'm writing.
The Chief Minister of Tripura, Dr. Manik Saha, today announced that the state government in collaboration with the BJP and IPFT will continue to rule Tripura for the next few days. 40-50 years in the future.
“If you allege that the NPP is the BJP, I would like to ask those who allege whether in the 2023 MLA election the BJP will contest its own candidates or support and cooperate with the NPP. The symbol of the BJP is the Lotus and the NPP is the Kot.
God's Word also warns that the proud will fall.
It is to be recalled that since last year, many of the residents of Nongstoiñ area as well as the depositors and withdrawals of money at the bank have been complaining from time to time and also the Sengbhalang of the area have been demanding. They have requested the management of the bank to improve these deposit machines but so far there has been no sign.
The 7 months began in 445 B.C. Thus 7 months+62 months =69 months.
However, it is sad to say that the Block Development Officers are not responsible for trying to bring these schemes to the villages.
United Sports Club Kolkata defender Nonhone Michael was sent off after receiving a yellow card in the 52nd minute and a red card in the 26th minute. the 78th of the second half.
The DC was also informed that their protest for the border is not illegal and the party is afraid that this time too such tragic incidents may happen again. Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today informed the public that free medical treatment including medicines and food will be provided to all the victims. Corona Care Centre.
If this happens, will we who are close to China survive or die?:- When the pandemic ends, the countries of the world including our country will face a financial crisis. give birth.
Hazellyne Warjri 24kg Female Mawlai Umjaiur, 9.
Shillong, Lber 20: All public holidays will come into force on 22nd and 29th October 2014, due to the end of the budget period, according to a government statement issued today.
Likewise it would be easier for him to just boycott journalists in order to avoid uncomfortable situations for him and for his political party because they have a role to serve for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya as a whole,” said Bah Laitphlang.
“Preeti, who is from Rohtak district, Haryana, has not yet received social recognition.
Ribhoi has 11 cases and these include 6 cases from abroad and others; West Garo Hills has 7 cases, of which 5 cases are from outside the state and West Jaintia Hills has 9 cases, of which 6 cases are from outside the state.
The ceremony was attended by Bah HS Diengdoh, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association (SWKDBA). The 28th State Championships will be held in Nongstoin from 02nd to 5th November,
Expressing the same feeling, the Surgeon Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital, Dr. Andrias Dkhar said, “We have tried to do our best and there are times when we have been prevented from doing so. lack of land and inadequate water and electricity supply.
Only skills can lead the country and its people to a prosperous and sustainable future, and the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS) also celebrates World Youth Skills Day. through success stories.
June Disuk Sumer, B.A., Assistant Teacher, Sohkha Govt.
“I have not been informed by the Indian government and I am not aware of this incident.
“The signs of the deceased show that the death was caused by eating poisonous food,” said the police investigation.
The whole encounter was caught on camera," Wasnik said.
Therefore, some of the residents request the authorities in charge of the market especially the office of the Manager Sankur Ri-Kynti Khaiñ Nonglang & Mawkyrwat Hat to visit the market so that the people They can breathe clean air and be free from diseases.
He said that their action was to withdraw 60 per cent of the money released of T.31,00,40,0
Meanwhile, Umroi MLA George Lyngdoh said that in Umroi area, about 35-40 percent of the people from many villages do not have ration cards while according to the 2011 census, 98.4 percent. The people in the state have ration cards.
This is to clarify to the public and all the supporters of KHNAM that Bah Adelbert Nongrum is the President of KHNAM.Dated:Shillong                                Shri.T.H.S.BonneyThe 7December 2018 Jowai: The General Secretary of the National People's Party (KHNAM) DC 2019.
Banshai said that more than 2 lakh people have died after being vaccinated against Covid-19 and there are also people who have become ill and died immediately after the vaccination. vaccine.
He said that the Enforcement Wing of the Council has set up a campaign to issue Trading Licenses because the purpose is to prevent foreigners from trading at will in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council.
When asked whether the party would work with the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) after the elections, Metbah said, “The election will come when the time comes.
The MDC elections are scheduled to be held in June next year and in more than 10 months, it will be difficult to complete the task.
Speaking to reporters, the organizers of the training, including Amit Das, Director of Travel & Tourism Bazaar, said that the purpose of the training is to inform foreigners who come to visit the state. that they go to different places.
Ferdynald Kharkamni, has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police on Monday, after a month of searching for him, after receiving a complaint from the Umiam Police. Station, who allegedly assaulted the OC and the Head Constable of the Police Station.
It may be recalled that before the MLA elections this year, when the VPP announced the name of Dr Syngkon as the party's candidate, many did not know or recognize him.
The Secretary gave a greeting.
While the Forest Department has land across Meghalaya, but the Dkhars have requested to set up only a place of worship, Mahadev Khola has now become a trading and lyngkor place for the people of Lawsohtun. the day they passed through this place.
How can we be harassed from time to time? What can we do about the Biharis in Meghalaya? They sit in the streets to judge us.
The areas under Shillong include Municipal and Cantonment, Mawlai and Mawpat Blocks, Mylliem Block from Umshyrpi to 7th Mile Upper Shillong. Lawsohtun, Mawdiang, Diengiong and Siejiong.
On the other hand, the HYC Ri-Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District as the HYC has not been able to meet with the DC. Speaking to media, Samla Tony Shylla Secretary HYC Ri said that the DC should take immediate action against the pollution of the area and also to provide security forces with the installation of CCTV cameras. -Bhoi District said that the union has received complaints from the people from time to time regarding the deterioration of the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex. It is on this basis that the union has taken the step to conduct a thorough inspection with its own eyes on the condition of the area where it has witnessed with its own eyes the cleanliness. especially in the upper and lower parts of the building.
Therefore, no matter how much we want to, we cannot avoid politics because it is in everything we do.
“The government will ensure that sustainable and beneficial livelihoods are brought about in the rural areas.
Rakkam said that if the lack of students passing the UPSC continues, the future will be dark.
Russia, on the other hand, has claimed that Ukrainian troops are planning to destroy a water tank in Kakhovka, on the Dnipro River.
Speaking on the occasion, the Syiem expressed his regret that although the Raid Mawlam has received the victory in the struggle for the land and Mawkliaw village of the Hima Sohra, the work is still ongoing. that day.
Speaking on the occasion, Avner said he was surprised to learn from others that he had been expelled from the party and he did not know about those writings that he had insulted the party. need to.
India Today reported that China has strengthened its troops and security forces in areas bordering Arunachal Pradesh.
In the men's category, Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Unique 51-26 points.
The information gathered from the visits is that this parish is large and well developed.
He said that the most dangerous thing for the nation is the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016 which invites foreigners instead of blocking the road.
There are many such workers, who have learned, and they will be happy to look after those who are less knowledgeable, so that there will be no mistakes.
“Education is a wealth and no one can steal it,” she said.
On the other hand, the husband said that he is not restricting her rights, but he just wants to have unity in the family. completely shyieng.
He said that there is a right to love the country and the nation but it needs timely information.
She said that the Finance Department of the state government should not release the money to pay the temporary employees, who have illegally become full time employees at the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Secretariat or other offices but should follow the rules. The Service Rule and the jobs should be issued a public announcement to open up the opportunity for the unemployed youth to fight in the right way, not to be appointed from the household.
“This is a golden opportunity for the boys to showcase their sporting skills,” said the boys.
Thus, this family has suffered from the loss of their daily livelihood.
Croatia beat England 2-1
He is from Mawleiñ Mawkhan village, about 28 km from Shillong on the road to Nongpoh.
“However, after the Congress government led by Bah DD Lapang came in 2009, it has given the land in Mawthabah area for 30 years to mine uranium to UCIL,” said Dr Donkupar. In 2015, after strong opposition from the people and civil society, the government decided to cancel the land lease to UCIL. Speaking on the mid-term MDC elections from Nongkrem, Dr Donkupar said, “Many people say that if you elect an HSPDP candidate, it is like electing a trailer for an MLA ( Ardent River).
The incident happened on the 6th of this month near Jelbongpara village under Betasing Outpost in SWGH. England did not go to Mahari.
Complaints can also be lodged at the following numbers: Sub-Inspectors- 9436110184/8
It proves that it is easy to dig fish but it is difficult to get fish seeds or to breed fish.
Cr.
He said that the organization of such games is also part of the efforts to attract the youth in the village with the aim of uniting them and also to show them the right way to prevent them from becoming free from evil deeds especially free from drugs.
He also acknowledged that there has been a transfer of employees in many departments for example those working in East Khasi Hills have been sent to Ri-Bhoi even though their jobs are in East Khasi Hills. He said that this deployment was temporary only to run the work of government departments.
“First bring the Fourlane Road, build proper side drains and other road requirements and we will discuss the payment of tax or register the Fastag at these two toll plazas,” he said. FKJGP Tuesday Lytep.
Shillong: NEHUSU has lodged an FIR against NEHU Tura Proctor Gino A Sangma and Pro VC G Singaiah along with seven employees.
Other elders, youth and women will be members of the Executive Body and all those who wish to join will be invited to the Party.
The two teams that reached the final were Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Seng Khasi College (Higher Secondary Section) where Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the title.
He said that there has been an inspection of the damage by the ADOs, the allocation of funds has been done within the blocks and the report has been submitted to the district authorities.
“I will travel across the state,” said Dr Lyngdoh, adding that he will travel in a few days to Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin and other district headquarters.
There will be a bright and prosperous future for the society and the Khasi Pnar people.
New Delhi: National Conference Leader Farooq Abdullah, who is also a member of the Lok Sabha, today told television channels that he has been detained at home. u, that he may come out now two days.
“The tournament will be held from 14th to 17th June 2024 at the State Sports Council Meghalaya Indoor Stadium, Umlyngkdait, Nongpoh.
This Reservation Policy is too old and needs to be renewed,” said Bah Adelbert.
Shillong: The Wahlang Kur has held its 13th General Assembly at the District Library, Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi District.
He said the purpose of the exhibition is to inform the people about the role of the heroes who fought for the independence of the country.
Semi said the Foundation stands on the ground to help Phermeki as promised.
Hyderabad: Congress candidate from Chennur G Vivekananda has become the richest politician among the candidates for the upcoming elections. P Srinivas Reddy of the same party, who has a fortune of Rs 460 crore, was followed by P Srinivas Reddy of the same party.
In the few years of his life, prof.
Shillong, March 25: The Commissioner and Secretary of the Arts and Culture Department of the State Government, Bah FR Kharkongor, today announced that in the implementation of the Under Section 3 (1) (2) of the Meghalaya Heritage Act 2012, the Government of Meghalaya has proposed to declare two archaeological sites in East Khasi Hills as “Protected Sites.
Shillong, July 04: Shillong Lajong FC have signed two new chess players including Denzil Kharshandi, a young player from the state and U Douglas Rosa Tardin is originally from Brazil.
After the inspection and in a meeting with the MSOA office bearers, the Minister assured that the National Games are in progress and the meetings of various committees will be convened soon. This was announced by John F. Kharshiing.
This will enhance our lives without fear of people and society.
Babu Boldness L Nongum, Principal of the College, gave a speech on the life of Mahatma Gandhi and how he gave his life until he received the title of “Father of the Nation”. Miss Arethel Bakor Nongrang, Program Officer NSS Unit of the College who spoke on the work of the NSS based on the teachings of Mahatma Gandhi especially in relation to cleanliness in the country. whole.
However, in the end, he was loved by all the nations.
The entry of these Dkhars is unsafe especially during this time of Covid19 because they have not undergone the test ordered by the government in charge of health.
Therefore, the union demands that the law enforcement authorities should investigate the mother and father of this child and punish them severely, so that such incidents will not happen again in the country. bri and Hynniewtrep.
She said that if the Government continues to listen to the demands of the Union, the Union will continue to listen to the demands of the Union. continue to demand an increase in wages.
Of the nine, seven played for Bayern Munich and Germany in 1973-74 while three others played for Real Madrid in different years. Champions League.
We as a nation make God secondary.
According to the claims of these two Kurs, the border areas of these two Kurs include the Umtyrnga River to the east, Jirang and Nongspung Hima to the west, Kamrup District. Lokhra, Gurchuk, Ranigate to the east and the Khatsawphra Hima, which includes the Umtrew and Patharkhmah Rivers to the east.
Besides, the school also held a dance competition which encouraged the children to celebrate together.
Sohliya said the report has also suggested to allow two lane vehicles to enter and leave the road from Thomas Jones to Dulong College Road or Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital.
In the women's U-17 final, Manipur beat Arunachal Pradesh 4-0
This will be part of the golden opportunity for you to see and hear and enjoy yourself in many different programs in sports and to watch the cow which can be the biggest in the country. You are from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: After being suspended for several months, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has announced that the registration of Adhaar or National Population Register (NPR) will resume across the West. Khasi Hills District.
For more information call
Meanwhile, Pastor JF Jyrwa, who preached in the evening, said that these days very few people go to church on Sundays in Wales.
Indeed, some say that it is a disadvantage to remove the iit iong because those who drive alone on longer roads and at night will be happy because the robbers can easily know how many there were people inside the car.
I appeal to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to send assistance for this Children's Home and I tell him about the problems faced by the children in the cold rain when they go to school and also you are sick.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: Members of the Hynniewtrep Achik People Council (HAPC) led by Bah Jylliew Sing Marweiñ, President of West Khasi Hills, recently met with Bah Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills. to remind him of the letter submitted to him since November last year, to request him to send an inquiry into the maintenance of schools under Mawshynrut Block and also to continue the classrooms including LP and Upper Primary Schools, which have been implemented under the MLA scheme.
Therefore, the CAA 2019 is unfair, discriminatory and violates the rights of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The NHAI has also informed that there are sections of the road from Jowai to Khliehriat which need repairs and also in the further parts of the Sonapur tunnel which need repairs.
West Jaintia Hills has received two ventilators, PPE, hand sanitizers, gloves, masks and bedding, blankets, blankets and pillows at MCH Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai.
We want to take urgent action and when will we wait for the CBI. Those involved should be arrested immediately and if the state police are enough, they should shoot the Assam police, immediately and if we wait for the CBI investigation. “I have forgotten but immediate action should be taken against those involved in the killing of these innocent people,” he said.
He gathered them back to his own land, he restored them, and he blessed them in all respects.
I ask those who have met me in the past few days, please go and see for yourself.
:After the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, he announced that he will start an indefinite strike in front of the Secretariat, which will start from the 23rd of this month. On the occasion of the government's refusal to discuss the Reservation Policy, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that this is inappropriate and if wrong, it can cause to bring about change for all the ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
Noting that the management of the hospital did not explain at first, Bah Rani said that he left for the hospital at 1 pm where he was able to talk to a nurse who told you about the thyrnia.
He said that it was after the leaders of the union visited Umsaw Lumdorbar village that they found that the Assam authorities through the Forest Department had acted violently by forest clearance in the village. Despite the protests of the residents who have lodged a complaint at Mawlasnai Police Outpost, the Forest Department of Assam has forcibly erected the signboard. and completely destroy the Assam border.
Shillong: The Government has left it to the discretion of the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU to resolve the misunderstanding with the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) over the decision of the University to implement the National Education Policy ( NEP).
However, the difference is that there are very few posts of Chairman and that too only for those elected as MLAs, Chairman Planning Board and others.
However, the Russian troops did not listen to the two men and shot them dead on the spot.
Columbus Hujon of Umyiap, Denis Nongsiej of Mawsikar, Charles Lyngkhoi of Mawlan A and Ekros Rani of Mawdiangsnam were killed in the shooting.
He said that last month he had attended a meeting in Delhi to discuss the Digitalisation of Agriculture. There has been a significant decline in literacy and education in Meghalaya.
He said that the outside authorities should not interfere in this matter because it is not done by the Meghalaya government and it has no intention of doing anything good, because this is a matter. The government has been waiting for a long time and now it is time for the government to take action on this issue because it is clear that they have admitted that they have the documents from the Syiem even though they cannot. There may be something behind the seizure of these documents and I feel that the government should take action on this issue.
He said that due to the lack of security from the police, most of the drivers treat the testers unfairly at the scene.
As the CEM, Bah HS Shylla, said, those who oppose are only those who marry foreigners.
The ambulance operated by the HNPF did not have a license plate and was covered with iong which is against the law according to the Supreme Court.
Four political parties including the KSU, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the RBYF, the HNYF and the JSU have jointly held a rally. He was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
He said that the people should stand against the government's interference in the Lokayukta so that it can work and fight against corruption.
Everything was done in the morning.
The Karnataka Legislative Committee on Backward Classes and Minority Welfare has issued directives to the district authorities to conduct inspections of churches and activities of Christians, which has sparked protests.
According to information received, in this incident, the body of the man was completely shattered and he fell to the ground due to the strong electricity until he lost his life.
The festival was hosted by musicians and singers, including Nikhil D'Souza, Anoushka Maskey and MTV EMA winner Tsumyoki.
In addition, the cars will move at a certain speed.
“You have been able to ensure that those people who have been reading your newspaper early in the morning will continue to be your readers, and this has been achieved through your ability to bring information and news,” said Dr Mukul.
Speaking to reporters, KS Suchiang said, “The Deputy Commissioner said that according to the rules of the Ministry of Home Affairs, 50 kilometers from the border line, the troops can still stay. However, in the past, there was only 20 kilo meters of border fencing, so we want the government to increase it to 20 kilo meters and not to 50 kilo meters because this will affect the border fencing. The DC said that he will talk to the authorities to talk to the MHA to take action on this issue. In East Jaintia Hills District, there are two BSF camps on the National Highway, one at Ratacherra and one at Sonapyrdi. They have already demanded from the police department to evacuate, but we see that the troops are still stationed in the area in Sonapyrdi. The BSF troops should have been in the border areas with Bangladesh. The presence of these troops has turned into a threat to the residents of Huroi, Hingaria. , Lailong, Lejri and other villages which pass through the area where the army is stationed because they used to check the vehicles passing by without any reason, this is just a nuisance to the people and causes In the past few months, we have seen that some Dorbar Shnongs have signed a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, demanding the removal of them. “There are 10 troops on duty on the National Highway in Sonapyrdi and Ratacherra,” said Suchiang.
Knowledge and hard work is the reason for having a lot of spouses, who will like a person.
Out of the 9 districts , the BJP has elected the following as its leaders ; West Garo Hills District Shri Md.Mozammel Haque, South West Garo Hills District Shri Mohiron Hajong; Tura city district of Shri B.Marak; Shri K.Pariat, Shillong City District; Shri.Babul Suting, East Khasi Hills District; Shri Reston Myrthong; Ri-bhoi district; Shri Harlington Shadap ; West Jaintia Hills District and Shri J.G.Kyndiah.
It is only politics that has penetrated into every aspect of the rule of law.
He said that the Association of Cow Farmers urges the public not to be afraid to eat cow meat as all cow meat is safe and free of any diseases.
Nongpoh: The Ri-Bhoi Police Station, today held a marathon and tree planting race, as part of the celebration of World Environment Day in Ri-Bhoi.
Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for the Congress in Sohiong today, UDP Rangshken Circle President Alester Sun said that the reason why he came to support HDR is because of the lack of working methods. even those who do not support you.
India won three gold medals on the second day of the Asian Athletics Championships after Jyothi Yarraji (100m hurdler) and Ajay Kumar Saroj (1500m) won on Friday. in Bangkok.
In his speech, he urged the people to protect the environment.
The Chief Minister also distributed Rs 1.66 lakh under the FOCUS+ Farmers' Welfare Program to 3,329 farm households in Chokpot.
The EC of GHADC has also warned that if these employees do not go to work on Tuesday , the EC will take the necessary action according to the law , said Dipul RMak EM do not look at Civil Work.
Shillong: BSF troops of 4 Bn, have seized clothes and cosmetics, which were supposed to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
He also said that he will donate two computers, a printer and a projector to the school.
Those present on the occasion were BJP candidate from 35-Ranikor Constituency Martin M. Danggo who delivered welcome speeches, Jayanta Kumar Das, State Vice President of BJP Assam, Shyamal. Saikia, State Vice President, BJP from Assam, Pelcy Snaitang, Manstudy Nongrem, TG Momin, RR Marak, Bros Syiemlieh and LA Sangma and supporters from all over the country. you are in Khonjoy.
Mawlai SC opened the scoring in the 65th minute through Ibashisha Khongwet.
Pyneh Rngiew Kiew Lum Sohpet Bneng was attended by the children of Hynniewtrep including Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War who still hold on to the traditional religion established by their ancestors. of the Hynniewtrep people.
The meeting was chaired by Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg.
It may be the same reason why a person takes his life,” said the Court.
Besides being the Nongshynshar of the Raid or Hima, the Lyngdoh or Syiem is also the holder of the Khadar Law and is also the enforcer of the Riam and Rukom of the Raid or Hima for the purpose of the good of the children of the thousands of the Raid or the Hima.
He said the MTC initially operated these four buses but after three years of expiry of the contract, the government did not give them any more and handed them over to the SHGs. Shillong, Lber 9: U Bah DD Lapang has spent one day to open up to 50 places. his contributions to the community.
He said that before the Free Health Camp on the 13th and 14th of this month, the NSS Unit of the college conducted a Survey of Youth in Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu village to screen the children and youth. who do not attend school and drop out of school part-time.
Messi, who has won the Ballon d'Or seven times, will receive a £25million signing fee and a £650,000-a-month salary.
He said that the CM wants to stir up the minorities in the North East by introducing the Citizenship Amendment Act
The union also congratulates all those who have passed this examination to continue to work harder until they reach their goals in their studies. win this examination and work harder in the future so that they can reap the clean fruit.
During sleep, the body helps to repair the skin and produces collagen which prevents infection in the skin and helps improve blood flow.
, Email ID to arrange their requests at the Booth Level Officers or at the office of the Sub Divisional Officer (Election), Sohra on working days.
The state government plans to provide water to 2 lakh households by October this year.
What can man do? Man cannot fight against the power of God.
The reason for this incident is that the corona virus has destroyed the livelihood of many taxi drivers and many of the drivers have left their vehicles and gone to work in their villages.
The vehicle (AS-01HC-8648) was driven by Kalvinson (32), HR-61C-2148, Pranding Nongbri, AS-01FC-5 Tahir Ali and No. ML-04C-4
The BJP has alleged that the stone throwing of the minister was carried out by TMC members, while the TMC has alleged that it was incitement by BJP members. , which caused a stir in the area.
This terrible disaster will happen exactly as it happened in the days of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden when the devil turned to Eve (who is a woman or wife or mother) to tempt her. until it was completely able to destroy Adam from the power and glory which he had received only from God the Creator.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Dr. Donkupar Roy, MLA of Shella Constituency, on Tuesday inaugurated the tourist attractions at Mawkliaw & Kemrang (Sohra). Syiemship) is a village a few kilometers from Pynursla.
As the community leaders, they also promised to continue to support the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh to continue to hold such festivals and also to gather together and unite from the Shnongs, Raids and Hima in order to preserve its customs and traditions as led by the ancients.
Rev WP Marsing spoke about the Ark based on Exodus chapter 4 verse 21 (And Moses took his wife and his sons and put them on a donkey and went back to Egypt). and Moses took the rod of God).
They were identified as Brianna Lafoe, 19, and Sierrah Newell, 20, and were arrested after being caught committing the crime last month.
A team of investigation sent by the Chief Minister led by the Deputy Inspector General of Police together with the parents of several students arrived in Agartala today and met with the Pro Vice Chancellor of ICFAI Bipab Hader.
Fraidian Momin (2/9) and Chongkam Marak (2/15) took two wickets each.
The meeting will be held on the 13th of this month at Bishop House Nongstoin from 11 am.
“We are confident that Ampareen will win again and Jasmine will win again,” he said, urging the party workers to work hard so that the NPP can get the magic number of 32 seats. He said that in Jaintia Hills they hope to win all seven seats as well as in Ri Bhoi.
The drivers said that they were fined T.200 tyngka per vehicle and some were fined T.300 tyngka per vehicle. Now.
Trucks from Shillong to Umiam will not be allowed to pass through the scheduled times. Trucks coming from West Khasi Hills will stop at Mairang and those coming from Mawsynram, Sohra and Pynursla will stop at 7mer and Those who go to Jaintia Hills pass through the Bye Pass.
Regarding the newcomers, he said, “I entered politics in 2002 and we too led a new party at that time – the Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM).
Elsabat Nongdhar took two wickets for Smit.
However, one Syiem should be elected for each village within the Hima.
Political parties from those parties were present at the signing of the MoU, the Minister from that party was present,” he said.
According to the victims, while they were thinking about working, the Assam police suddenly came and bombed them without forgiving even the women. and two men from the city.
He was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong but when he arrived at the hospital, the doctor said that the policeman was already dead.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs are elected by the people to look after the society, the development, the welfare and to preserve the customs and traditions. MDCs elected by the people and in charge of the customs and traditions of our Khasi Hills.
If vehicles are no longer allowed to travel from Umïam Bridge, all vehicles will have to travel from Mawtawar to Umrynjah to Umroi.
The order is said to be in force as a precautionary measure against the spread of Covid-19 and will come into force from midnight on 20th October to midnight on 21st October. 2020.
The reason why the party has banned this kind of festival is because of the way in which the party has affected the dignity and honor of the youth of Bri U Hynniewtrep. encourage participants not to wear clothes, but only protective clothing for specific body parts with food and drink.
There was no clear indication which part belongs to Assam and which to Meghalaya, and the state police have fled farther away and have not used the power in order to avoid any possible incident.
The final decision taken at the meeting was that the KHADC will write to the Chief Minister and send a copy to the Ministers of the State Government to accept the above decisions.
Shillong: U Lazarus M Sangma, MLA of Chokpot constituency in South Garo Hills district, was taken to Tura Civil Hospital on Tuesday night after sustaining injuries to his neck. The incident happened on the night of 3rd July, when the MLA was driving a Bolero without registration. number ML 08 H 7639, along with one of his employees.
Not just a commandment, and not in the image of an animal, but created specially in the image of God, which means that the Three in one God compromised to create man in the image of God. u God.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the colleagues in the MDA government for three years have worked together and have never said anything. They started throwing stones at the elections.
“Besides, they want to remind the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that they have been there since 1863 and that they also have documents in the name and signature of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
South Garo Hills has 90,526 Christians, 2,418 Hindus, 4,880 Hindus, 2,767 Muslims, 35 Sikhs, 161 Buddhists, 13 Jains and 180 non-religious.
Forty-four people have died in Bangladesh in the past 24 hours, the Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) said today.
Archery Secretary: Y.Hinge.
Other sources said that Pyniaid wants to join the party and said that he is more supportive of the UDP among the party parties in the state.
At the meeting, the KSU led by its President Samla Lambokstar Marngar handed over a letter of demand to the Prime Minister and the letter contains nine demands.
Sri Lanka will sign an agreement with the World Bank on $500 million to help revive Sri Lanka's entire economy after receiving the approval. from the Ministry on Tuesday.
St.Mary’s Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah 7.
According to the Flag Code of India, 2002 issued on 20th March 2022 (xi) of paragraph 2.2 – Part-II of the Flag Code of India bar or inside buildings shall be fired and day and night.
Furthermore, the main reason for the traffic jam on this road is due to the large number of coal trucks passing through this road and especially the road has already deteriorated and the traffic of these coal trucks has increased. Moreover, the road has been affected by the traffic of the people.
Nongjri Youth Rising FC will play against War Young Boys FC today, 6th June at UUP SC Stadium in Urksew at 3 pm for the Pre Quarter match of the tournament. Iv Uup Invitation Football Tounament.
Johnson warned that Russia intends to capture the Ukrainian city of Kiev.
“In my letter to the Prime Minister, I have demanded the appointment of an independent inquiry into the implementation of the Smart Meter project in the state whether it is an SIT or an investigation team. the CBI".
“I have spoken to the chairman of NEEPCO to build a 240 mw project with MeCEL which will be the first between the central and state governments,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah John Kharshiing said, “I am delighted to witness the Elite Pathway Program for the athletes of Meghalaya.
According to the order issued by the DC on the 3rd, these temporary vending zones include Iaw Seinraij, Iawmusiang, JPC market, Chutwakhu, Iawchor and MTC Parking Lot, Iawmusiang from 9 am. am to 3 pm.
Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem said that the procurement of a new vehicle to be used by the traders to transport garbage has been achieved thanks to the hard work of the CEM to get it from the scheme of the Prime Minister for the cleanliness of the market.
The caller, who identified himself as Prashant Patil, sent a threatening message to Bhujbal's PA, Gaikwad, while Chhagan Bhujbal was in the Pimpri-Chinchwad area.
Despite trying to continue against Spurs after recovering from the injury, Ederson was replaced by Guardiola in the second half.
Furthermore, on this occasion, he also highlighted the achievements of the synjuk during his first term.
Speech was also delivered by Upendra Mishra, DGM of NTPC and AAM Secretary Paia War Nongbri welcomed the guests.
Expressing the need to wait for the time for Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngain said, “Get Ranikor, get Umroi.
The incident happened at Lumshnong PHC under Sutnga-Saipung constituency and Lumshnong C&RD Block, East Jaintia Hills. to give birth to the child of a poor woman from Chiehruphi.
The court has given three months to the Assam authorities to investigate whether the allegation is true or not. The investigation must be sent before 14th November 2022, it said. the bench division.
There is also a second heaven, the abode of Satan Lucifer, and there is also a first heaven, which we call the firmament.
He said that the bridge on this road has been cleaned only with trees that have been cut from the forest which poses a risk of falling at any time and causing a tragic incident.
They said that the river is contaminated.
The police authorities of the two states should also know,” he said. “But why delay.
In another development, the Hynniewtrep Peoples Federation (HPP) today left its support to the KHADC especially to Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member (EM) in charge of Forest Affairs of the Council. The basis for the conversion of the Syiem's ​​Law on Lum Mawpat to the Adong Law.
The Pynursla Block Trinamool Congress has expressed its disappointment over the statement of the Symbud Minister Prestone Tynsong on the MDA government's desire to pass the Meghalaya Regulation Gaming Act 2022 with the intention of creating many problems in this regard. .
As a sign of preparation for the implementation of this building in the city, a meeting was held today, where the keys of this building were handed over. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has appointed the members of the Indian Hotels Company Ltd.
Presbyterian Church leaders met with the Governor on Saturday, the report said.
At the same time, he urged the government to release the results of the police recruitment search results immediately.
After a while, Meghalaya had several chances, but Everbrightson Mylliempdah missed and Figo Syndai failed to score due to the strong support of the Mizoram goalkeeper.
About 23 owners of Tourist Spots including Bah B.Shylla, Owner Deborlew Tynnai, Manager of Jakrem Hotspring, Umjaraiñ, U.S. Secretary of Rilang Fishing Association, Nongnah, Secretary of Meimariang Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd Larem, Nongsynrieh and others.
Therefore, the union and the Nongsynshar Shnong on 1.05.2020 met at the office of the SDO at Pynursla and suggested that a temporary market should be set up to help the farmers. They can sell their produce if there is a market which the Sub Division Pynursla has set up during this time of lockdown.
This is only a reminder to us of the past generations that God is the same today and forever, and knows and sees the present generation of mankind who have forgotten Him.
Shillong, June 28: Rophul S Marak, Independent MLA of Rongara Siju, has announced that he will not contest the election. MP 2016 from Tura Constituency.
Custom: The mother is the head of the family and the ruler of the family (Khasi Religion 1937 p. 191 by Homiwell Lyngdoh).
However, this attempt to close the door failed after the new BDO of the Block came to take over.
The Dorbar Shnong Namdong-A and the Dorbar Shnong Lumrot West Jaintia Hills District have expressed their gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission Sohra for its assistance to the poor residents of the village. kg and 5 kg of dai to 85 households in Namdong-A Village and 20 households in Lumrot Village.
BDOs and Waheh Shnongs should ensure social distancing in accordance with the guidelines of the C&RD and Health and Family Welfare Department.
We understand that at present the Greater Water Supply Scheme is only for Mawphlang and many of the villages in the city and surrounding areas.
I am fortunate and still happy for the Nongkhlaw Hima that there are still Khasi elders like P.Shabong who are willing to spend days and hours thinking and asking questions in order to dig and examine the truth and beware of the light of the wicked.
What are the reasons why MeECL has so many problems? Perhaps it is because of the high demand for supply or too many debts and interest payments or too few people who are willing to pay the electricity bill although the billing efficiency has increased to 73.10% in -2020.
It is learned that this raid came after a complaint by the owners of Petrol Pumps in the State, about the theft of petrol/diesel on the road during transportation from Assam, which led to There is a shortage of petrol pumps especially in Shillong.
On the other hand, the state government today decided to allow the opening of shops in shopping complexes across the state from Monday, except for shops khapshniuh and beauty parlor will not be allowed to open.
To initiate opportunities for young people to grow and develop6
“Of course, the protest will continue in front of the Secretariat,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
“The BJP, which stands on the basis of curbing corruption, urges the people of Meghalaya to continue to suffer from the shortage of funds,” said the Vice President of the BJP. this is the time when the people come together to rebuild a stronger country.
Keynote address was delivered by Bah S Phanbuh, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, Jowai and Bah P Lhuid, President, Jowai delivered a short speech. , Research Assistant, Office of the District Planning Officer, Jowai.
And He has also given us this Ri Khasi, without the need for us to pay any money.
The implementation of the NPR is also like maintaining the distinction between Indians and non-Indians through Identity Cards due to the increasing influx of foreigners into India.
Here in us, if we look at many aspects, we see that the State has fallen into the same trap, where the income has declined slightly and even the Government has fallen into the same trap. Even the MDCs have lost their salaries for three months in Jaintia Hills.
The time of your life is the time of the world's turmoil.
She said that the IAMA has honored her for her achievements especially in her leadership as an officer to fight against Covid-19 during her tenure as EAC of the office. Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills and also as Incident Commander of Zones 3 and
Somjeet Singh, who is also the captain of the national team, will lead the team as captain in the current tournament. same.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah Martle N Mukhim, has decided to contest the MDC election from the HSPDP in Mawkynrew constituency.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that the 69 cases include 25 cases at Civil Hospital Shillong, 10 cases at NEIGRIHMS Hospital and 16 cases at RP Chest. Nine cases were reported from Tura Civil Hospital, three cases from Ampati Civil Hospital and six cases from Rusubelpara Civil Hospital.
In the second innings, Mizoram's batsmen were all out for 88 runs and Sikkim won by 48 runs.
The office bearers of the Voice People Party (VPP) Ranikor Constituency were confirmed by the President of the Voice People Party (VPP) Ranikor Constituency, Bah Arden Basaiawmoit. General Secretary together with 11 office bearers.
The TMC leaders on 10th June held a meeting with the media to showcase through videos, the TMC leaders' commitment to address the issues in the North East, Especially in Meghalaya, they have not brought these issues to the Rajya Sabha.
“I have seen that there are some leaders who only after three months of the elections go around carrying placards to protest against the fact that the government should be allowed to do its job at least half of the time. but they went to stir up the people shortly after the election," he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said that through the development of staff at NEIAH, they will have a special opportunity to learn, cooperate and develop their capabilities in the fight. to bring validation of traditional medicine practices through scientific evidence.
On this occasion, the MLA of Nongpoh has handed over a donation to the Village Leaders to assist them in the purchase of a new garbage truck. come.
It is also true that from the statements of the KSU and RBYF leaders, that their intention to go to the Ummat, may have been to show their opposition to the KSA. who came to shout to Sabuda.
Attempts have been made to get information from the MPCC leaders on the names of the candidates who have bought forms from across the constituencies but so far the MPCC leaders have not wanted to field as they still have to go to their leaders.
Shillong, June 13: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) on Tuesday said that the allegation by a foreigner that the group demanded up to T.1,20,000 is false and false without any truth.
Shillong, July 20: The Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (GCCM) John F Kharshiing has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, has requested the suspension of Mawhati MLA Julius Dorphang for the arrest and rape of a child.
It is undeniable that these days many of the students in the state have to face the suffering of unemployment and many of the students who have completed various courses in various fields of education have to shong without a job without a jam.
The 10 MLAs who issued the statement include Haokholet Kipgen MLA of Saitu constituency, Ngursanglur Sanate MLA of Tipaimukh constituency, Kimneo Haokip Hangshing MLA of Saikul constituency, Letpao Haokip MLA of Saikul constituency. LM Khaute MLA Churachanpur constituency, Letzamang Haokip MLA Henglep constituency, Chinluthang MLA Singngat constituency, Polienlal Haokip MLA Saikot constituency, Nemcha Haokip MLA Kipgen constituency twenty .
NongstoinThe: 21/01/2023.
The Arunachal Pradesh government has announced that it will cancel all Scheduled Tribe (ST) certificates of children whose mothers are Arunachal women and whose fathers are foreigners.
The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) on Tuesday suspended their indefinite strike after the CEM, Albinush Marak promised to release the 2nd salary. their month at the end of this month.
After this, the crowd, who had listened for about 40 minutes to the speech of Bah Ardent, shouted, “Enough of the speech, Bah, we know what our duty is to do.
Bah Ronnie said that there is no need to worry because the roster will not be biased towards any ethnic group and the heritage should not worry about this.
Why do I say that 2020 was both amazing and equally amazing? Because if we separate by the middle, that is, every two digits we get 20 to the left and 20 to the right.
She also stressed the need to spend time and guide her children in the right path as they grow up.
In the men's 400m, Kyrshanlang Shylla of WJH won the gold medal in 50:3s, while Donbok Shabong of EKH and Kalbin Marak of EGH won the gold medal. the silver and bronze medals.
“On this basis, the Congress party from the district Congress committee, the Block Congress Committee, West Khasi Hills and the Congress party as a whole have decided to contest from the INC from the 34th constituency. -Mawshynrut Constituency for Bah Andrew Charles Gare.
The Dorbar Dorbar Barato-A of Barato Village, West Jaintia Hills District has expressed its gratitude to the Local MLA who has been willing to lend a helping hand to the children of our Dong. to fight against the spread of Corona virus or Covid-19, to the poor families who rely only on the daily wage.
Emphasizing on the problem of teachers, the Nongpoh MLA said that there are many teachers in the state, namely Government LP Schools, Private Schools, SSA, Adhoc, Deficit teachers, where the syllabus it is the same and the way of teaching or serving the children is the same, but when it comes to the payment it is very different.
The driver of the vehicle looked inside and found that the petrol pipe was dirty, due to which the vehicle could no longer run.
Speaking to reporters, Titos W Chyne said, “It will be memorable that after 70 years the Land Bill has been passed. The previous ECs have worked hard to pass this Bill but they have not succeeded and now the EC led by me as CEM has been able to get the approval of this Bill”.
This has created a problem and heavy traffic jam during the school holidays and therefore it has been decided to purchase buses to transport the school children to reduce the traffic jam, he said.
In previous years Mattel has also produced Barbies for the deaf, lame, etc. and this year it has taken the opportunity to produce Barbies for children with disabilities. you have Down Syndrome.
However, the government is still lying and checking that it has suspended while the licenses have been issued.
However, no one has seen this while the Dkhars are still selling land and stone to earn money,” said the CoRP. The District authorities and the Syiem of Jirang to ban it, but it didn't go anywhere and ended up at the negotiating table without any consensus.
Three people ran from the home, police said.
Besides, they said that although it is only a short distance from Shillong, but this road has been covered with snow and ice all along the road.
The tournament is open to all, but there is also a special section for school children from West Khasi Hills District, while 4 winners and top runners from West Khasi Hills District will be selected. They will qualify from Meghalaya for the National Senior Level on 28th November 2022 which will end on 6th July 2023 in Delhi.
He was responding to a question in a zero hour notice issued by the MLA of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) from Mawlai constituency, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
In this regard, he expressed the hope that this work will be completed soon.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the DGP said that the website will help the public to know about the work of the East Khasi Hills Police Station and the necessary information especially in Shillong.
Look at the example in schools today when uniforms are introduced how beautiful and neat they are for the students.
“Therefore, tomorrow if you want to set up a Meghalaya House in Assam or Guwahati and if someone says you can't do that, I don't think that would be a good way,” he said.
Ronaldinho has been fined £1.69m for various taxes.
K.Passah DSO West Jaintia Hills, members of WJDSA and teachers were present.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government since it came to power in Meghalaya has faced many protests by various school teachers demanding their rights.
We hope that the Opposition will do its duty and the government will give clear and honest answers.
Why didn't you oppose in the Assembly in the past few months?
Ismail Marak is also a former MLA of Rongram before the division of the constituency.
The facility has been installed in accordance with the directives of the Ministry of Environment for the protection of the environment.
“The government should provide immediate assistance to these farmers and also find ways how to get medicines to prevent the death of the trees which support the needs of their households every year. ," said the MLA. He said that he has also raised the issue of the farmers in the House where the Minister in charge has promised to take immediate action.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, also expressed his condolences on the passing away of the former Laitkumkhrah MLA, saying that the state has lost one of its intelligent leaders.
The VPP has also pledged to pursue the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.
Therefore, if the NPP gives me the ticket and if I win from this constituency, I promise you the people that I am ready to be a grantor, because the duty of the leaders is to look after the development for the benefit of the residents, he added.
In the election for the CEC members for the year 2023-206, it was found that no candidate was elected for the post of Vice President and General Secretary. young Donald V Thabah.
He said the price of T.885 to T.1285 per box has increased from T.701 to T.
It is learned that Dr. Mukul Sangma has not received any form from Songsak in the sale of Congress ticket.
On the same day, Bah Kharbihkhiew also handed over a book explaining the importance of cleanliness according to the Swacch Bharat Mission to the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod. The Ri Bhoi Synod has announced that it will be released to the public.
“We support Bah Pynshngaiñ because of his issues for the people, we cannot just oppose but we are in the opposition, but as of now we will continue to support him, but we are ready to remove the “If Bah Pynshngaiñ changes his position,” said Bah Morning.
This is the second time that the school has qualified for the First Twenty.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) and warned the group to refrain from spreading misleading articles.
Tynsong said that the government has given special accommodation to the people who work in the health department who treat Covid patients, but the people who work in hospitals in other countries have been given special accommodation. ward, no special accommodation is required.
this is not enough to solve the problem at the border," he added.
Balkan Marak (18', 47', 63', 65') scored four goals for Chipakkore while two goals were scored for Chipakkore. Harlee K Marak (13′, 84′) and Ranggira R.Marak (80′, 90′) and Johnfield A. Sangma (47′) scored the second goal.
“We also urge the political parties not to mislead the people of Sohra on this issue just for election gain,” said a statement sent by the Chairman of the Forum, Bah Atiar Syiemlieh.
Shillong, June 09: Four persons have escaped death after eating a white wild tit in Jareibasai, Jirang. Syiemship, Ri Bhoi District.
In this regard, we regretfully submitted a letter to the Government on 12th June, 2022 to the Minister of Education and requested him to send a proposal to the Ministry of Finance to release the The remaining amount of T.104.36 crore is T.104.36 crore,” said Bah Rymbai.
Before India play Hong Kong on Tuesday, India had already qualified after the Palestinians' victory over the Philippines.
He was arrested after the Special Court ordered him to remand in custody for refusing to take bail.
PLEASE PUBLISH MY COMMENT, IF IT IS CHRISTIANITY, OR HINDU MONEY, THEN WHY IS THE BJP IN UTTAR PRADESH, WHICH IS THE BJP PLACE, YOU WILL BE WITH US EDUCATION MINISTER, RAKKAM'S STATEMENT THAT UP IS THE PLACE OF THE HINDU GODS, EXPLAIN WHY THE BJP IS LOST UK Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills District have elected the Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Ricky Andrew Syngkon to defend the issues. the jura that the people had expected was great.
Nongpoh, June 22: With the aim of promoting traditional medicine and traditional medicine, the District Planning Officer, Ri-Bhoi District has informed that the Planning Department of the State Government through the Bio-Resources Development Center in collaboration with the The Ri-Bhoi Traditional Healers Association (RITA) will open a traditional health clinic at Pahamsyiem in Nongpoh.
Dr Osaphi is the son of former MLA (L) Grosswell.
On the other hand, he denied the allegation by VPP leader Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit that there has been a drama regarding the formation of the government.
However, it was decided that if the same officer had to travel twice a year, he should first submit the report of the first foreign trip.
These are not idolaters, but they believe and worship the Almighty God, who created the heavens and the earth and who placed mankind on this earth.
At this meeting, NPP leaders from different states submitted reports on the preparations for the upcoming Member of Parliament (MP) elections as well as the preparations for the upcoming Member of Parliament (MP) elections. MLA will be elected in Mizoram.
Shillong, November 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has urged the people to look carefully at the Manifestos or policies promised by various political parties during the elections.
This is an unfair and disrespectful behavior of them, their own job or perhaps that they are willing to spend money, from the government's share, to announce those who need it in the opening of shops, the opening of markets, the opening of vehicles and so on and it is also this improper behavior of government departments, that will lead to the arrest, fine of vehicles, because they don’t clearly understand government regulations.
Water trucks from the village are allowed to deliver water to the households in need from 7 am to 5 pm and they should wear masks and gloves and follow the protocols. buh by your Government.
The new cases include 1, 2, 2, 113, 113, 113, 24 and 15 from EGH, 24, 1, 1,000 from EGH, 22, 8,
Abhinandan was arrested by Pakistani troops when he fell from his fighter plane and returned to India on Tuesday. They have followed the example of Varthaman in these days across India.
In these areas, however, both sides should respect each other by following the Status-Quo as decided in the previous meetings.
Lytan appealed to the farmers and farmers' organizations across the state to come and take part in this day and he also requested them to express their concerns on this day. so that you can talk to the relevant authorities.
“We respect the order of the High Court and it clearly shows that there is smuggling of coal and the presence of High Levels,” said Bah Dkhar.
Martle, 69, was elected MLA in
Jowai, Jymmang 09: The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (CEC) Jaintia Hills, Jowai, today decided to give more time to the state government. and the Government of Meghalaya until 21st June, 2022 to respond to the request to increase the daily allowance under PM POSHAN (Mid Day Meal).
The Ribhoi Dorbar under the leadership of Bah RB Shadap as President came to congratulate Bah Ardent.
"“He says this because he has a crush on this little boy yes," he said.
Pawar was speaking at a meeting with India Today in Mumbai today.
(Psalm 127:1).
They don't know that they have sin.
The party will celebrate its 30th anniversary in the presence of AL Hek, Minister of State, who is also the former general secretary of the party.
The vehicles were an Auto belonging to Bironson Nongneng and an Alto belonging to Ibashisha Kharumnuid.
Four months have passed since Rida went to college.
T.900 crore has also been allocated for the development of Bodoland and the Bodo language will be the written and spoken language in the region, according to the Devanagari script.
This preparation will be carried out in collaboration with the Central Government, the North Eastern Council.
This time too, the Indian team under the leadership of Bah Finely Pariat as Manager of the Indian team, won two gold medals in the Asian U20 Athletics Championship.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today informed that the Government has decided to continue the closure of the dam in East Khasi Hills District. until 24th June 2021, due to the increasing number of cases of Covid 19 almost every day and thus to curb the spread of this disease in the state has had to impose more curfew.
Up to 93770 people have been infected in the past few years but 92165 have recovered.
Hundreds of cows died and thousands of cows escaped to the road. It was at that time that those who saw the truck collapsed. , they went to catch these cows and some of them gathered byrni and threw dozens of them to take away to eat themselves.
Recently, the Transport Department has taken a step to implement the odd even number system only in Khyndai Lad and Motphran to reduce traffic jam in these public places. a large number of passengers.
Wisdom without God produces wicked demons.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the HYC, WKHD, Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, said that the HYC has met with the SP on this issue after receiving the complaint. There are many drivers who drive improperly and slowly which has led to many accidents which have resulted in the loss of precious lives.
The mother of the girl lodged a complaint with the police on 25th November and lodged a complaint on 28th November.
And ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.
Lalhningliana Khongsai, a resident of Nongthymmai, was involved in the case and his house was searched and 227.56 gms of u heroin from the house where you live.
"That boy went to the cemetery.
Through Notice No.MPSC/Ex-C/22/2021-2022/102 issued on 3rd October, 2023, all applicants are informed that the Written Examination will be held on 18th October, 2023 at two Centres, Shillong and Tura.
We have had to face this challenge in our lives through the spread of this Corona Virus.
The number of cases of covid-19 in China has risen to 26 today, although slightly lower than on Saturday, when 27 cases were reported.
The team includes Dr. Pinuma Baruah, Asst.Anthropologist (P), Dr.Deimaphishisha Sun, Asst.Anthropologist (P), Shri Mukesh Kumar Singh, Sound Technician and Nabajyoti Ray, Photo Artist.
Think about it, why does God do this or why does it happen? The answer is found in God's Word (the Bible).
" And in the opinion of this writer, this is the root of all trouble.
Referring to the final match, the first half of the match was very interesting and exciting, as the players of these two teams, showed their skills. They shocked the eyes of the spectators, who witnessed the final, so by the end of the first half, they ended the match with a 0-0 draw.
This is the truth that will be buried in the ground.
The Dorbar Shnong Mustem has lodged an FIR against these two men and those who escaped from the VDP of Mustem Shnong after receiving information that they were arrested at Jowai PS. The VDPs of Mustem village have also lodged an FIR at Lad Rymbai Beat House against them for allegedly involvement in another case of cow theft in Wapung village. Refar Dkhar from Demthring village also suspected that they were the ones who stole his five cows from Demthring village.
Consider the example of the land of Israel, which was dry because of the lack of rain.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Kong DV Lyngdoh, in her speech, urged the Association to work hard to improve the working methods of the Center in the coming days. The elderly are not allowed to stay at this Center.
Under the leadership of the President, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, the party yesterday handed over a copy of the RTI to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District at his office in Nongpoh.
Dawan said the MDA government should establish PHCs/CHCs, C&RD Blocks and Districts in the state in the right places.
In the case of the other tribes, they brought tewe puri and twew resai.
The winner will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh and the runner-up T.1 lakh.
The village of Khwan has now disappeared and has fallen into the Umiam Lake.
He said that Meghalaya is rich in soh and jhur, but the people have not been able to harvest the fruits of their income from these varieties of soh and jhur which have become useless.
Growth or improvement is one of the blessings of the Lord in the life of a believer.
“Because the state government has withdrawn the sohkyrdot rule filed against the pastors, the group of pastors have decided to stop following up on this case as a sign of appreciation for the government's action,” he said. , said Mr. Kynta.
The celebration was held in collaboration with the NERDWM, Meghalaya and the Ferrando Domestic Workers' Alliance (FDWA), Shillong City.
According to the SSA calendar, each season, the transfer of affiliations starts first, followed by the Inter Club Transfer of Players, which are the two most important tasks of the SSA. After this, it will reorganize all the sports programs starting with the U-18 Premier League, followed by the establishment of other divisions from the Fourth, Third, Second, First and The Shillong Premier League (SPL) is the most popular league in the state. If we take the total, the SSA has hundreds of games in its own season.
Dr. CM Pohshna, Deputy Medical Superintendent of the hospital, said that the hospital will be open from 9 am to 10 am. 3 pm and as of now it is not fully operational, but will first provide only a few services, including testing centres, vaccinations, emergency services, care and pediatric medicine, because as of now even the staff including doctors and nurses have not come to continue their duties.
What is the State Government through the Ministry of Education doing?
As a sign of condolences to Bah Nasar, the Council has declared a midday holiday for all offices of KHADC on the 31st of this month which is the funeral day.
There is no sign to distinguish between this Kur and the Khynriam or the Pnar or the War. We see that the Nongrum or other Kurs who live in the War area are called War, the same Kur Nongrum or other Kurs who live near Khynriam are called Khynriam. They are shikur and Nongrum Khynriam although they live in different parts of Ri Khasi or are called by names according to the parts where they live.
The bus (JK02CN-6555) carrying 40 passengers, went off the road near Trungal-Assar on the Batote-Kishtwar highway and fell into a 300 meter high road. feet.
On the other hand, Bah Sawkmie requested the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs to correct this mistake in the Legislative Assembly.
Thus, whoever does any good deed for the glory of the country and the nation until his death, receives the name and title of U Tiewpathai Khubor.
This is evident from the support he has received even after he is no longer an MLA, however, the support and love from the people shows what kind of leader he is,” said Conrad.
Therefore, this sign shows that the people are against corruption and politics from the same family.
It is learned that the death of the tram is due to the stem turning of the leaves and then the death of the trees.
It is worth mentioning that on Thursday last month, the robber, who has no human soul, committed the crime of bloodshed against the child in one of the schools. They went to the Lum Jingtep in that town, after he had called the Hebrew to that place by stirring up the snow.
He said that the tourism industry has brought many benefits to the village where the village earns more than Rs 10 lakh per annum.
He said that during the rainy season, there is a snowstorm until many two wheelers have been injured and vehicles have fallen into the snow. “I don't know what to do with this road,” he added.
The DC issued this order after receiving complaints from the residents that some commercial vehicles do not want to pay the price they have set.
It often damages the seedlings in the nursery when they are young.
At that time we went to ask for the repair of the school building but she promised to make arrangements to get a new school building.
While Hep was sitting with her father and mother, Lydia had already eaten and drunk.
I don't think they will reduce these drivers but they take as they used to take every day”.
The SP of West Garo Hills, Mukesh Singh, said that police, after receiving a tip on the presence of the member of the party, went to conduct a search operation and during the search, the police arrested the suspect. get arrested from his residence.
“At present, the AITC is not in power, we should not blame the WE and MYE Card schemes as election schemes, we should blame them after we come to power and if we don't implement them. these schemes,” said Mr. Charles.
Before the start, a 2 minute silence was held to remember the elders of the Kur who passed away like Riangdoh Lamin, Bu Lamin, Rosiwel Lamin who passed away from covid19 and also to all the villagers. Those who have died at such times because they have not been able to go to condolence because of the spread of this disease.
The Minister of Livestock, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek today said that the residents have begun to understand the importance of drinking milk and its physical strength.
After the robbery, they fled the scene and headed for Dangar. On receiving information from the residents, the O/C Mawsynram SI Sunil Kataria and the police have informed the police. His police team rushed back to Phlangwanbroi and informed the I/C of Dangar SI JB Tongwah to search the vehicles on the Dangar-Mawsynram road.
It is worth mentioning that the water supply to the Municipal tank comes from Umjasai while the water supply to the PHE tank comes from Mawphlang.
“The trade in heritage is one of the main reasons why if we lose it, it will be a threat to the nation,” said Auguster Jyrwa.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 37733 out of which 30980 have recovered and 643 have died.
Bah Ardent said that the fear of some that if the Reservation Policy is changed, the percentage allocation in the state could be affected is just their ignorance and confusion, because in the tribal states it could be too high. to 50%.
On the other hand, Bah L.Shangdiar, Manager Sankur, while talking to this reporter, said that it is through the journey and facing many challenges and also through the hard work that the San Kur has to He said that in 2015, the 5 Kur had constructed the road with the help of the scheme through the Border. The area headed by the DC Mawkyrwat has been opened.
The HITO and many others have been angered by the incident and the union said that this incident shows that the foreigners have started to own and feel ownership of this land. The Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: The residents of Umsawriang, from the parents, youth and members of the Executive Committee of the village held a public meeting on 27th November 2018 and unanimously decided to give their full support to Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, NPP MDC candidate from Umroi constituency, has been arrested.
It is understood that Putin was very happy when he invaded Ukraine on 23rd June 2022, but the fighting was very difficult, and on the first night, they 150 Russian soldiers were killed in Mariupol alone.
The reason why these village leaders expressed their concern was after they received information through the contractor, who replied to them that there were people who went to stop the workers working on the road.
Admonishing the faithful, Sohblei Norbert said that as God has sent man to earth to earn righteousness according to the law, it is the duty of everyone to do so.
“I have tested positive for covid 19 and have been quarantined at home, as advised by doctors.
He said that after the inspection of the market headquarters and Motphran, a committee has been set up to ensure the cleanliness of the market in Ïewduh.
At a public hearing in November 2022, the investigation team has confirmed his violation of the Anti-Doping Rules, but has concluded that there are other areas, ways and means for to reduce the punishment.
New Delhi: AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal will have to remain in jail for two days on charges filed against BJP leader Nitin Gadkari. Kejriwal will now have to sit in jail in Tihar on his charges against Gad Kari of corruption.
In Punjab, it is planted in these districts; Lahore, Lyallpur and Sheikhupura.
On the other hand, Marak wanted to know what the Government is doing to reduce the price of rice and ensure that it is easily available for all without leaving the people to cut down the trees. I don't want to buy this food.
“The provisions of this Act are well suited to Meghalaya”.
"Sleep well, son," said the Son, "we'll talk when we get home.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has called on the government to pay the salaries of 450 nurses in Meghalaya for three months. Nongthymmai, today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to demand that they should pay their salary.
Secretariat" he said.
However, until now, the government department in charge of food and beverage hygiene, such as the office of the Inspector of Supply, has not explained to the public even once regarding the mixing of food and beverages. different symbols of wheat, which have caused the people to eat and which have caused them not to eat.
Mawkyrwat, November 30 : As a sign of encouragement to Samla Donbestar Syiemlieh, one of the 'rangïakura' who has brought honor to the Kur of the village, the Kur Syiemlieh of Diwah Shadmoit, On the 26th November, 2022, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, has welcomed him from the middle of the road near Umjaraiñ village on the road to Diwah Shadmoit village, South West Khasi Hills District.
However, no one was injured in the incident as all the children went to school.
According to sources, there are three candidates from the North Shillong Constituency, which includes Mawkhar, Mission Compound, about three pounds of Jaiaw.
She was selected for the audition held in Kolkata recently.
She also alleged that the BJP's scheme to cover up corruption is just a political drama to get the attention of the people.
This time, the same monkey has elected Joe Biden as the winner of the US presidential election.
Regarding the health assistance through the MHIS, it has been increased to more than 5 lakh tyngka.
He also recalled 51 years ago, when former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi conducted the inauguration ceremony of the new state of Meghalaya at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah KP Pangniang and others.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), one of the political parties in East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed its deep sorrow over the support of the Confederation of Social Affairs (COMSO). The EJNC has expressed its surprise that the same party is involved in both the opposition and support of the CAB. The party demands that the Chief Minister who is also the President of the NPP should explain this and if he cannot explain it shows that the NPP is fighting politics and the life and death of the Jaitbynriew and the state itself. The EJNC strongly condemns the BJP Government for violating the rights of our minorities by introducing the CAB. The BJP from East Jaintia Hills and the State as a whole who still have the spirit to protect the country and the nation should resign from the BJP as a sign of protest against the BJP's mismanagement of the region. the whole north east.
Good article.
The team, which includes the selected players and office bearers of the team, except for three girls who have been selected as standby players, will leave for Kolkata today.
The Government of India has issued the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Amendment Rules, 2016, which stipulates that women victims of Sc and ST will receive assistance of T.5 and T. lakh rupees.
He said that there are about 50 employees in the office and 40 are sweepers or market cleaners and drivers.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The AIPC (Meghalaya Chapter) will hold the Fifth Meghalaya Poetry Competition 2014 on the theme “Go Green Keep Clean: Zero Littering”.
The President of the Federation of Persons with Disabilities, Bah Sterwin Kharjana, said that due to the implementation of the RPWD Act 2016, “the District Social Welfare has empowered and appointed persons with disabilities in every village. that there should be one person in the committees of the village.
He said that the five issues that the Committee had put before the Government earlier have been rejected.
Also present on the occasion were the Union Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barla as the Chief Guest and James PK Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare as the Symbud Chief Guest.
Therefore, in order to trace those who have been in contact with these patients, these houses have been closed from today 20th November
He said that the tree planting scheme is on the land of those people who have registered themselves with the KHADC. The Langja Area Unit of Nonglang village, West Khasi Hills District, has launched a campaign against the lack of doctors and also on the inability to provide treatment to the mothers who give birth. Samla Saiñborlin Syiemlieh, this second day of the month 23rd November, visited the PHC to conduct an inspection.
Shillong: A group of land vendors led by Smina Kharmuti, President and Shane Thabah, General Secretary, today held a meeting to discuss the issue of street vendors. They went to meet the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar to submit their petition.
Marbaniang, 30, calls these napkins “Syntu” and she intends to use them in a way that does not pollute the environment after use.
This fact has been discovered and experienced by many synsar farmers.2Furthermore, it is sad to see that although our state receives plenty of rainwater every rainy month, this water flows. Bangladesh because it cannot fall into the ground because it has turned into dew-eh 'dew-maw' like the mountains of trees covered with trees).
The union also asks the Assam Government if other minorities in Assam get special protection to own land and to preserve their customs and traditions, what will happen? Doesn't the Assam government provide the same protection to the Khasi, Pnar minorities in Assam? This was concluded by the Publicity Secretary of the JNC.
She added that the parts related to the inclusion of confusion on the part of the author, the parts related to surprise and unpredictability will continue to interest the readers.
The minister also denied that he went to pi near the poster of Vasundhara Raje, but said that the picture was farther away and said that he had to pi there in the well, because that there was no public place nearby, while he himself had distributed too much water, because he had been busy since morning, walking from one place to another.
The new cases include EKH: 14, RBD: 1 and WGH:
Lutituber opened the scoring in the second half through Richard Dhar (25′).
“The Synod College was opened in 1965 with the aim of improving education especially for the rural people who are low income,” said Dr Wanswett.
A man who had wealth, all his children, but without thinking suddenly a bad thing happened to his life, his household, his honorable children, all his possessions, he “Until he rent his clothes, and shaved his head, and fell on his face to the ground, and worshipped” Job 1:2
Parents, children or elders don't have time to teach their children because they have to chase wealth and compare or compete with wealth. much.
According to the research and investigation, the iawbei is the Mei-Sin who first settled in Rangab, Muktapur, Hima Sutnga and thus, it was decided that from now on, the Seng Kur will be called know this name which includes all these nations.
He said that this celebration of this special day will be a reminder that they should not be looked down upon but should be treated as fellow human beings and the mother who gave birth to them cannot leave their children. of her children but she loves them every day.
In the past, the family supported their family by earning from the trade and export of coal.
In the stadium, both the teams played well to qualify for the final but in the middle of the match, Nineset SS won the title and entered the final. Badaphun Lyngkhoi scored six goals in the 6th and 9th minutes, Deiphiwansara in the 16th and 23rd minutes and Ribakmen Wanniang in the 28th and 41st minutes.
This news may please the state employees as they will receive their new salaries from next month.
He also urged them to work harder to reach higher levels.
The raid was carried out on the orders of the Supreme Court.
It is expected that Khasi Pnar pharmacists from all over the country will participate in the exhibition and pharmacists from all over the Jaintia Hills will also participate.
“The government's inability to enforce the law has led to the NGT to intervene, and to harass the coal traders, the government has not forgiven even to think of the poor people,” said the CSWO. Instead of supporting the coal traders, the government should create mechanisms to help the people affected by the NGT ban to provide assistance schemes and not to support coal mining which destroys the environment. .
Tura, Nailur 12 : The two-day School Level Chess Tournament was organized by the Garo Hills Chess Association (GHCA), Tura in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, West Garo Hills, Tura. Swapnil Tembe, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Tura, has come to an end on Saturday, 10th November
How can they rely only on those journalists from Assam for the border settlement, how does Assam think that many of the leaders and journalists of Meghalaya do not agree to have cooperation, she said. KSU.The question is, where were the journalists of Meghalaya during the meeting at Umkiang on 15/07/2
