“The ILP protects but the 6th Scheduled does not protect foreigners,” he said.
Police arrested the man and he confessed to burning his own wife.
She blessed the organization to continue in good works and to continue to provide assistance to those in need.
There are 10 players in volleyball.
“The central and state governments have encouraged and introduced many schemes and provided assistance to purchase machinery for the farmers.
Therefore, to proceed with the agenda for the UCC against the wishes of the majority of the citizens of the country will show the arrogance and neglect of the responsibilities of this Government.
Nineteen people were reported dead and 15 were admitted to hospital.
The Vulcans won the 1st Tennis Ball Knockout Cricket Tournament, organized by the Iatylliang Sports Club. money to the Authority.
Kitbok Pale scored the first goal for Iatyllilang FC Wapung in the 60th minute.
“There are parts along the river that have been developed to build tourist attractions to create job opportunities and income generation,” said Bah Nongrum.
In the U-11 category, Langsning will face Upper Shillong Colts (Mawngap), who beat Laitkor Flamingos 2-1
“There is only one way of thinking but now everything has been simplified, you can apply online and get the ILP a few hours before you leave.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today met with Home Minister Amit Shah, to discuss many issues, including the Citizenship Amendment Bill. (CAB).
The decision was taken at an emergency meeting between the Jowai Municipal Board and the Jowai Municipal Board at Pangit, Khliehtyrchi. Wednesday.
“We have already called a tender and out of the 12 zones, all the pipes have to pass through the PWD road and the department has not given permission to pass them immediately.
Speaking on the occasion, Khrawkupar Nongsiej said that the party had held a Winter Shiled in 2008 for the elderly but with one mind they decided to hold an Inter-School Knockout Football Tournament. started in 2012 with the aim of developing school children in the field of football.
There is sad news for Germany and that is that before they meet France in the quarter final, there are up to nine of their players, who are already sick.
Shillong, July 18: The residents of Mawlat Village, Mawkynrew Community and Rural Development Block, Shillong, have been shocked after a heavy earthquake caused by heavy rainfall. shitaiew round.
To connect people only by the appearance of two people who are pictured together, I feel in today's world, is a job that is not easy to prove any allegation.
These youths are under 30 years old.
The Director Urban Affairs Shillong will not be held responsible for the postal delay if any, in the delivery of the documents or non-receipt of the same.
In today's match, Seven United, as a home club, had more fans and played well from the start from the start in terms of passing and speed of play.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Khrawborlang Wahlang, President of NESFAS, expressed his gratitude to TATA Communications. Ltd for these assistance.
Referring to the number of MLAs who have not registered as candidates for the post of MR, Bah Shangpliang said that they need to meet after the counting of votes and see how many MLAs they get. who shall be a leader?
“We want our children to see that the country is rising and not to think how they can improve the country in all aspects.
She urged the students to drink the milk every day and encouraged the farmers to be proud of their work.
The fear of bias was already in our minds when we read the OM, but the fear has turned into a surprise like a bsein after the first announcement.
Although Amit Shah has not yet promised anything, the Chief Minister has expressed his satisfaction with the Central Government's initiative to listen to the grievances of the people of the state.
When Saturday came, at 9 o'clock, the tynghung were played along with old Khasi songs.
Police have raided Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh, on 07.04.2021 to search for the child, Pankaj Bharadwaj and his mother, Saraswati Devi.
After the opening ceremony, a demonstration on the implementation of the ABDM Scan was conducted by the ABDM team. through digital health in order to achieve the goal set by the World Health Organization to understand the coverage of global health systems for every citizen of the country.
What we see clearly here is that the increase in revenue by the Central Government and the State Governments is the reason for the increase in the price of petrol and diesel in the country.
, which is located in Sohra, was hit by a petrol bomb.
The meeting began with a prayer by Dr. Kharkongor and a two minute silence.
When we see the letter dated 23rd November 2019 u Sylloklang Majaw who does not claim to be the Sordar of Raid Kongthong that he has forcibly removed the Rangbah Coming Home Pohnong who is the Rangbah Shnong of Kongthong.
I have also made good use of all the schemes provided by the Government and I have tried to assist all the villages in many ways as approved by the Dorbar Shnongs and committees as well as the private sector as per the authority. my little one.
We can clearly see that the Deputy Chief Minister is more interested in building a shopping mall in Barik than in building a mini park in that area.
The District Child Protection Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah T.Kyndiah, said that human trafficking is one of the most serious crimes against women. “It is through the advancement of technology of smart phones, internet, social media that children are often involved in many crimes and kidnappings,” said Bah Kyndiah. The District Child Protection Unit, the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB), the Childline together with the village authorities, as well as the In charge of the Special Juvenile Police Unit and the Anti Human Trafficking Unit to protect women and children from being kidnapped from one place to another and also to protect their rights.
The Federation has taken this step to protest against the silence of the Government on the implementation of the employment quota for persons with disabilities in Meghalaya. shu cut only in the court.
Lack of hormones can cause many health problems.
In the election campaign, the Congress has contested the election under the leadership of two leaders from the state, DK Shivakumar and Siddaramaia while the BJP through Modi. The state elections have not helped the BJP to win.
Before taking a decision, the five Sengbhalang will hold a meeting on the 31st of this month at Khliehriat West, at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West, at 3 pm.
More than 100 members of the Academic Council from Shillong and Tura Campus of NEHU have signed a demand to convene an emergency meeting of the AC. According to Regulation RA-5, Clause 13, under Clauses (1) (a) and (2) of Statute 42, Prof.Kma.
“If anyone violates this notice issued by the Hima Mylliem and approved by the District Council, we will punish them according to the law,” said the CEM of KHADC. Trading License We have discussed with the District Council from time to time and all foreigners who trade in the village cannot leave without getting a NoC from the village and permission from the KHADC. “We don't know how many foreigners have received Trading License but so far there are hundreds of foreigners registered in Rynjah and Them Rynjah.
Dr Sangma said the government has initiated many projects to improve the society including health and education.
Shillong, March 15: The resolution of the MDC elections in GHADC has shocked the leaders of the ruling Congress party in the state but it has won only seven MDCs. Even the former CEM and the former chairman of GHADC have lost in this election. The wife of the Chief Minister of the state, the Mahendraganj constituency which is led by Dikanchi Shira or Zikzak constituency.
Meghalaya Governor Satya Pal Malik, in an interview with The Indian Express, today advised the Indian government not to discriminate against farmers in this way. however, it should discuss and end this violence.
He expressed his satisfaction that the G20 Health Working Group has focused on “One Health”.
Earlier, Bangladesh High Commissioner Harsh Vardhan Shringla and Joint Secretary Bank Myanmar Desk Shripriya Ranganathan were also welcomed.
At this meeting, the union demanded that the government should help the injured and recover the lost items. forgive what they have done to the members of UHM within a day and thus the party will no longer respect the Karbi.
He said that if this plan of the government does not enter the minds of the people, it will be difficult for the government to carry out the work and also if the village leaders bring many problems, it will be difficult for the government. It is also difficult for the State Government or the Government of India to do anything about such issues, because before carrying out the work of the villages and townships, they must have agreed on how to do it. to do work.
Bollywood actor Arshad Warsi has taken to social media to complain about the increase in electricity bill in his house.
This was enough for Sohryngkham to win the title.
Hispreaching Son Shylla is one of the most prominent politicians in the state.
If you die alone, don't worry too much.
“Bernard Marak has been speaking out against corruption in the GHADC and from time to time he has been speaking out against corruption and has given a lot of information to the public regarding corruption by the Executive Committee led by the Executive Committee. The NPP has led Conrad Sangma and NPP members to hate Bernard Marak.
St. Anthony's, after winning the toss, took possession before tied first and scored 104 runs for the loss of six wickets in 15 overs.
He said that the presence of a hospital like AIIMS will be a great blessing in which doctors from all over India come, as at present many doctors from NEIGRIHMS have left to work at AIIMS. Guwahati.
In other matches, Services beat Railways 4-0 and Delhi beat Manipur 2-0
“We have recorded in Kolkata the album Jingkieng Ksiar with the support of the singers from Kolkata,” said Bah Rana.
The Apphira Archery Committee would like to take this opportunity to thank the Deputy Commissioner's Office for giving permission to hold this festival, the Center Point Group of Enterprise (CPGE) and the The Shillong Recreation Ground Trust and the Shillong Sports Association have been asked to use the Polo Ground.
The Dkhars only want to establish factories, schools, colleges, and universities or any religious organization, they can buy land as they please.
“I will ensure that toll plazas should not exceed one within 60 km and in places where there are more than this, they will be closed immediately within the next three months,” said Nitin Gadkari.
Shillong: U Bah Spar Lyngdoh, Syllai Ulor, Mylliem, today sent his resignation letter to the President of the PDF, Mylliem Zonal Committee.
Shillong: There have been 81 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases undergoing treatment in the state to 1,6
The funeral service for Bah Shylla will be held on Sunday, 9th July 2020, at Mawblei, at 1 pm.
Nevertheless, since some would like to learn about these plants, I will write briefly about them.
However, those 5-6 persons are not even in any shlem which provides special training and training, that is, they are not allowed to do any kind of work, or to be able to to set up their own works.
He said that the company is currently in dire straits and at the same time losses and debt and he has tried as much as possible to overcome these problems that Disney has been facing. in these days and times.
On the other hand, the President of APYC – Tarh Jonny urged the Minister of Home Affairs to take special measures to release these 36 persons from prison. set jail within the next 5 days.
Sangma lodged a complaint at the Sardar Police Station today and in a letter written in his name, he said, “If I win the election, I will legalize the cultivation of bhang in Shillong”.
If you look at Tripura, because of the invasion of the Hindus, the tribals have been invaded gradually.
Thomas A Sangma, NPP MLA from North Tura, will be the new Speaker from Friday.
It is to be recalled that in the last MLA election, the defeat of Bah Alvin Sawkmie as the NPP candidate and Bah HM Shangpliang as the BJP candidate was due to the vote count in Mawsynram. Bah Olan Suin, who is weak in Mawsynram and border villages, won the election because he is strong in other villages.
He also stressed on the problems of the youth especially from unemployment, he said that there are no opportunities in the State and lead to misguidance such as alcohol and drugs.
Neyman also asks for a driver who can drive 24 hours a day for himself, family members and friends who may need it at any time.
The driver of the vehicle, Shakeep Sheik, son of Mehboob Sheik, who lives in Maharashtra, was found in a forest with injuries. He was taken to Khliehriat Civil Hospital for treatment.
The new vote will be held on 1st June
From early morning, the residents of Shillong who need to go to work during the curfew in the state, including those who need passes for vehicles such as water vehicles and vehicles Employees should stand in line to get curfew passes.
Last year, the tournament banned players from these two countries from participating in the tournament after Russia won the tournament. The Lawn Tennis Association has banned players from these countries from participating in other tennis tournaments in the UK. countries will now qualify for this year's Grand Slam tournament to be held in November; These athletes shall participate in the tournament as Neutral Athletes and shall also comply with the rules and regulations laid down before the athletes.
Lanosha replied, “Now I understand that you are in love with him.
JOWAI: “Social Media is a fast source of information and it is also one of the ways to talk to friends and share articles, pictures and others, but the important thing is that we are not yet to tell everything about your life on social media (facebook, whatsapp, Instagram and others) with strangers because the robbers are also good at how to deceive people into committing their crimes. ," said Akri Wahlang, SI Jowai Police Station.
The KSU NKHD through its Education Cell will look into the matter and inform all those students who have applied for the Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh Maitshaphrang Academic Award.
All these signs come in the form of buildings, whether roads, bridges, office buildings and finally the construction of the new Legislative Assembly of the state.
These office bearers were elected on the 22nd of this month.
Siangshai scored the third goal in the 57th minute and Bakiyo Dkhar in the 76th minute.
Jeremiah Lyngdoh Kynshi (1/2), Bharat Gurung 1/45 and Das 1/2
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) on the night of 25th November 2019 seized 208 cows worth Rs 32.7 lakh from Kuliang Forest on the Bangladesh border.
The purpose of this program is to enable the students of BSc 6th Semester (Physics Honours) to share their experiences in the subject of Physics with the students of Class XII Science of the school. school and also to help them to be encouraged to work harder and to understand better the subject they have learned.
Shillong: There have been 422 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 458 recoveries and 3 deaths.
You journalists are like stones, you can't ask a single question, why do the people buy food when there is no money?
Shubman Gill was also awarded the Player of the Match award for his outstanding performance as a batsman and for his 101 runs. the 58 balls you have thrown outside the line.
“In the Legislative Assembly we have discussed this issue so I say I don't have time to discuss with a speaker who is not from Meghalaya,” he said.
Therefore, if we plant such plants, the nitrogen will increase in the soil and thus it will become more fertile.
In fact, the Dolloi have received an order from the Supreme Court and the order states, “Until another order is issued, those persons who hold the The post of Dolloi of the District Council, who are the Chiefs of Elaka, may continue to function, but in accordance with the rules laid down by the District Council under the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
The road was cleared by the NHAI staff at 9 pm this morning and the NHAI staff has been able to clear the road where the vehicles escaped. to leave at 12.15 pm.
He urged the Vice President of AITC not to confuse the residents of the state, as the government is determined to rule fairly for the good of the state. .
i24News reporter Nicole Zedek broke the news after speaking to soldiers patrolling the area.
They also have the right to express the view that besides the Lotus, the Kot, which is the Bhagwat Gita, is another symbol of the BJP, when the BJP has to express The NPP has not registered with the people who are not Hindus or Hindus.
Other speakers included Cherity Suja, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU, L Tariang, Organizing Secretary of KSU-JHDU. Test-borne Dkhar, Sniawlang Dkhar, Chain Dkhar, Chwa Dkhar and Krait Bhoi.
Shillong, Naitung 11: U Tirot Sing Syiem is a hero of the Khasi people but the government has done nothing for him.
“If we just talk and drink, it won't lead to anything, it will end there, but now it's time for us to fight against them,” he said.
Pathaw joined the Congress party on Tuesday and was welcomed at the residence of former Mawlai MLA Founder Strong Cajee in the presence of HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State.
“Ew me, you who have a long way of thinking,” praised the mother, Tangba! he said without ending.
They supported the Financial Inclusion Action Plan (FIAP) and introduced the Global Partnership for Financial Inclusion (GPFI) to implement it in the G20 countries and other countries.
In the MDC election, only 40% of the KHADC voters voted, even though only the Khasi voted for the MDC,” said Bah Sanbor.
Therefore, regarding the border talks between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, Bah Prestone Tynsong urged the people to cooperate and especially if they have witnesses through documents, Because to resolve the boundary itself is to judge through documents and if there is sufficient evidence, it means that those areas which have documents from Meghalaya, will not be annexed to Assam.
He said that in Nongthymmai constituency, many villages fall under the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme Phase III, but Nongrah and Lapalang are not under this scheme.
GOVERNMENT OF MEGHALAYA.“Don't feed your children with bih seiñiong”Right develops our nation, corruption and greed is a terrible destruction.
Speaking to Rupang by mobile, Ma Vincent said, “If I don't get a ticket, I won't fight anymore”.
Mebanker Lapang, owner of Batesi TV YouTube Channel, was the chief guest along with members of the shlem and owner of Rupang newspaper, RM Shabong.
Police have seized the Innova and are investigating the case. It is understood that the purpose of bringing the money was to smuggle money to Guwahati.
The government has paid this amount on 31st October, 2004 while the remaining amount of T.10, 68, 706 tyngka will be paid by the government in the 2014 census year. -2015.
Therefore, training in Computer and Mother Tongue is very important and will help you young people in employment opportunities,” said Deb. Deb quoted Swami Vivekananda as saying in her speech.
The family members of Agnes and Amita have demanded that the case should be investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
At the same time, Shillong received 22.6mm and Umiam received 39.6mm.
“Those who came to live here are Khasi and some other ethnic groups,” said Sister Ann.
“Tutiapara (Tutiabazar) with Nepali residents have expressed their desire to go to Assam and Malchapara with Garo residents have expressed their desire to go to Assam. “They wanted to go to Assam but later they said they didn't want to go to Assam,” said the Chairman.
DMK MP from Tamil Nadu Kanimozhi today was shocked when an officer of the Central Industrial Security Force (CSF) asked her, “Are you an Indian citizen? “Today, at the airport, a CISF officer asked me, 'Are you an Indian?' because I asked her to speak to me in Tamil or English, because I don't understand Hindi at all.
There was also a resolution to investigate and arrest these robbers and also to punish them severely against these robbers who went to kill the fish in the Umran River.
Lieutenant Colonel Cristian Acevedo Yanez, director of the Police Specialty Training School, said dogs are more than 50 times stronger than humans in their sense of hearing and can therefore detect the coronavirus.
Caption: Women and Village Leaders who attended the International Yoga Day in Bhoirymbong.
When asked whether he will take over the leadership of the PDF, which is the party that many people have said is the party he created, he said that on the 19th he will join the party first but later. It is up to the leaders of the PDF to decide.
The top two winners will compete in the biggest pageants of India, such as Miss India Earth, 2019 and Miss International, 2019 to be held in Mumbai and Delhi.
The Hon'ble Court, in an order dated 27th October 2017, has suspended the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, Tobias Tiewdop. The village of Shella which has existed since ancient times (formerly) which was established by the ancestors of the village of Shella.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through its Executive Member in charge of Market Department has announced that the agricultural products brought by the farmers in all the markets under the jurisdiction of the KHADC, Buyers should replace the khoh, kriah and byrni that have been emptied after the release or disposal of the produce.
They said that the reason why they left the UDP under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh MLA is because they are not happy with their working relationship with Bah Paul.
Months and months have passed, the union has not received any reply from the government or the NBCC company.
He made his debut in the I-League on 27th November
“Those who can pay the money as demanded have been released and those who cannot pay have not been released,” he said.
Its fruit weighs about two and a half to three cents: but it is a plant that needs more care.
Instead of Tirot Sing Syiem, an old man dressed in inappropriate clothes, dressed like a kharmali, had a small sword and the shape of the sword was not a Khasi sword.
The KHADC has also been doing politics too much even after the expiry of the term of office of the village leaders such as Sordars or others, it has been acting without consulting the people and besides that it has continued for years without holding elections.
Shaphrang Dkhar, Coordinator, Breakthrough Centre, gave the welcome speech.
The incident happened on Tuesday evening at Kyrdemkulai village, 5 Kilo, Ri Bhoi District.
But few know that the region is rich in other natural resources.
Mawthadraishan, Naitung, 20: In order to restore the fish in the pond on the east side of the Mawthad-raishan hill, which still falls within the boundary of Lawdisai village, the owners of the pond. Aiborlang Syiem Shangoi and Beldingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait together with other residents of the village, went to release fish seeds in the pond.
Sikkim lost by 124 runs in 46.3 overs.
Ryntih FC once again scored the third goal in the 60th minute through Banehskhem Khongsdam to win the match.
The KAS has also sent all the documents required to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule and to wait for another time before the Khasi Author Society takes further steps.
They also handed over a 9mm pistol and mobile phones.
He also urged the people to save their lives like what happened on 30th November
He said that the union has received information that the Bhabha Atomic Research Center, Mumbai has sent a notice to the NEHU, Shillong that its personnel should come to NEHU. from 20th November, 2023 to 31st July, 2024 to conduct an Orientation Program by inviting youth to provide training on how to mine Uranium.
In this first half, he played until the end of the second half and played well to bring the club their first victory in the I-League qualifiers.
There was an old man from Khapsor (from a village whose name has not yet been revealed) who said that he had seen the strange behavior of his neighbour, who had put strange drawings all over the place. “He used to go to Shillong every day, he was a man who stayed at home all the time, he didn't need anything,” said the old man who spoke to him. journalist.
On the other hand, after a thorough investigation into the company, it found that the documents submitted by the company to the government were true as claimed by the HNYF. The Government has immediately suspended the employment of the company and issued a termination letter on 19th June
From 1st October 2020, drivers will have to wear their seat belts and if they do not wear them, the owners of the vehicles will have to pay a fine. Rs.1,000.
The Central Government has sent troops to the State to step up security in the areas where the conflict continues.
Shillong: U Fr. Anthony Xavier, Parish Priest of Sacred Heart Church Dalu (WGH), has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 21st of this month at 11 pm, unidentified robbers broke into the office of the church. Parish and stole T.5 lakh.
“This act of Assam should be rejected and stopped completely,” said Pangniang, adding that this is a plot by Assam to invade Meghalaya.
The film has grossed Rs 77.70 crore in the last two days.
He said the Union Ministers have complained about the misuse of funds and urged the state governments to implement them properly in a transparent and fair manner.
It was the first time Lebanese militants have opened fire on eastern Israel since a four-day offensive by Gaza militants and northern Israel. It is not known whether the attack was carried out by Hamas militants or by Hezbollah militants in Lebanon.
He said that the MDA Government has stolen the future of the students by introducing many measures to support them such as Uniform, Mobile Tablet and other forms of assistance.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, while talking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting of the MDA government. Two councils recently asked for time to complete the division of constituencies.
At the same time, the NPP has expressed its deep concern over the government's position on the insurgents, how can it provide assistance when it has not been able to provide assistance to those who have surrendered.
Several Commando police from NGH have rushed to the area to arrest the GNLA members who have fled into the forest.
“We have not seen the report and what they have written to explain in words will not be, but the government has already explained that listening to the residents is part of the report. but the party feels that history and others should go hand in hand.
Exodus 2:23-25.
It will also make it easier for other neighboring villages to compare if there are any crimes in the area.
The girl left home on Saturday morning without informing her family members and left a letter to her family members saying that she cannot meet them anymore. In this letter, she has informed her parents, family members and the community that she can no longer be with them and does not want her parents to be with her. The parents are still spending on her education.
The question arises whether anyone remembers that we children without a mother cannot live and stay in this world.
In the past five years we have allowed the rulers to do whatever they want especially in terms of economic development.
As part of the Range Forest Officer, Social Forestry & Territorial Range, Mairang EWKHD has conducted an awareness program to raise awareness among the public on this issue at Markasa Secondary School, in the presence of Range Forest Officer, Bah BM Kharkongor, Fire & Emergency Services, Mairang, Village Leaders and residents of the area.
Speaking to media, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that as the party office bearers, the CEC has discussed the Reservation Policy; This is also an issue in the party's election manifesto which has already said to try to resolve this long-standing policy.
This road has prompted a group of Sengbhalang from Mawsynram border area as well as the residents to join hands to convey this voice to the government to take action immediately before this area is forcibly blocked. comes.
Sarkar, 77, former Vice Principal of Shillong College, who passed away on the 8th of this month at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong after a long illness.
Without forgetting to criticize another hard working activity of many from the village and the area is the activity of “Thang Rnga”.
Despite these lives we have lost, the Government has not taken much action to resolve the border issue in a proper manner and to provide full protection to the residents in the border areas.
Shillong, Lber 30 : The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on Tuesday seized 1.16 kilos of gold and Rs 57.70 lakh in cash. This is the case in Guwahati.
“It will not be possible for them to write one examination in Guwahati/Shillong before returning to Tura in the evening to write another examination the next morning.
Fabregas, who has made 110 appearances for Spain, was also involved in winning the European Championship twice in 2008 and
The third round of the Meghalaya State League 2023 will start on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Lucknow: More than 6,000 idols have been removed from various places of worship in Uttar Pradesh by the state government.
He said that after the resignation of the MLA, what remains for him now is to resign from the Congress party.
A police source said that the NLCN has already registered up to 1000 members.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the UHM, Bah Charlie Johnson Rani, said that the message to the Jaitbynriew through the UHM is that as the Sengbhalang, we will continue to fight for the cause of the Jaitbynriew. Syiem Tirot Singh, the hero of the country, paved the way for the cause of the Jaitbynriew.
“My father is suffering from high blood pressure and has just come for treatment from Goalpara district of Assam,” said the son.
However, on 3rd November, 2023, the HNLC once again protested after the Court of Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong in July, 2023 summoned the General Secretary, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw despite the ongoing peace talks. go chess.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) today issued a new directive to reopen more activities in areas outside the Containment Zones.
Speaking on these job opportunities, the Minister said that it is pleasing to see the progress and achievements of the [2
It is true that the laws of Delhi have been followed blindly, but they have ignored what has been said that only those who have numbers can get schemes and schemes. Assistance, while those who do not have a number, will not be recognized.
For this generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.
“I have just received information from the media and I don't know whether he will join the NPP or other parties but I would be happy if Shangpliang and other BJP leaders also join the party. We welcome not only the BJP but also other leaders from other parties if they come to join the NPP because the door of the NPP is open and as of now only the NPP It is the National Party of the North East of India.
The fighting, on Tuesday morning, in which warplanes attacked parts of the city, reportedly killed 15 militants and 20 soldiers. who died in battle.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The MPUF-CGB and the Ri Jaintia Youth Federation (RJYF) have strongly condemned the inquiry sent by the Minister of Environment and Natural Resources. Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board on environmental damage caused by foreign dew factories.
The villages in Mawshynrut Constituency which do not yet have roads are from Nongshyrkon, Nonglyer, Phodjalei, Nongkrong, Unshynrut, Mawkhar, Nongsleh and others.
Asst Secretary- Damehi Kyndiah.
Bah RM Shabong I didn't receive the invitation cards before they reached my hands, but I am sure that I was invited as the President of the Meghalaya Editors & Publishers Association. (MEPA), when she received a phone call from the office of Raj Bhavan, Shillong, for two days, saying that she should attend the Christmas concerts organized by the Governor.
KSU Narpuh Circle President Ma Kwillness Suchiang said that the KSU will not allow foreigners to register their Aadhaar names in the area.
He said that if the people allow the PDF to win many seats in the House, it will be able to bring about the aspirations of the people because without the party nothing can be done.
Promises upon promises.
Also present on the occasion was Bah G.Marbaniang as the chief guest, who took part in the distribution of various awards.
After visiting the site, the RBTEDF officials found that the site has great hopes to become one of the most famous tourist destinations in the world, but only because of the border crossings. between Meghalaya and Assam, has caused all these to be destroyed.
The District Mission Coordination in collaboration with the Scout and Guide and the Education Department, East Jaintia Hills District, today held a rally at Khliehriat. Scouts and Guides from various schools in East Jaintia Hills District led by the District Secretary Meghalaya Bharat participated in the programme. Scout and Guide, Bah Emanuel Shangpliang and District Education Officer, Mrs. PDkhar, District Pedagogy Coordinator, Mrs. Manbha Suja.
Conrad informed the leaders of the Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today that he will discuss the issue of signboards in the Dawki area.
And Samuel the servant of God said unto Saul, Thou hast done foolishly: thou hast not kept the commandments of the LORD thy God, which he commanded thee; and I will establish the throne of thy kingdom over Israel for ever: but now thy kingdom shall not continue for ever" 1 Samuel 12:13-1
He said that the party is ready to provide training to the youth as the examination conducted by the NTA is new to many youth and they need training and guidance so that they can pass the examination. The forms have been released from today until the 19th of this month, and the classes will start from the 22nd of this month. to 3 pm.
Due to the large number of places where there is a fire, the participants are kindly requested to take care not to throw cigarette butts, beer/cigarettes, to avoid any fire.
Speaking to media, Eugenestar Kurkalang General Secretary of KSUP7T, said that the residents of the border area are in dire straits, because they don't get ration. They don't have good schools and roads, where they are in great difficulty.
Kartik Pawar earned 2/15 and Salman 1/1
The Governor also spoke on the development works that the government has done to improve the economic growth and income of the state and announced that it will be a milestone in history. The statue of Tirot Singh Syiem will be unveiled in Dhaka on 16th June
She also congratulated the members of Umkiang IVCS who will be the owners and managers of these processing units for taking responsibility and working hard to run the work so that they can stand on their own feet.
In West Garo Hills, there are 8 cases including 7 cases who have been screened and one case high risk.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : The BJP MLA from Shillong South on Friday said that he will soon leave for Delhi to talk to the Central Government to exempt Meghalaya from the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA). .
The establishment of the MMRB has conducted the recruitment process in a transparent and orderly manner and has had a positive impact on the health services and especially on the rural and other areas. very important.
Nongpoh: After the conclusion of the review meeting at the Conference Hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah HM Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram Constituency and Member of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC), has slammed the police. Ri Bhoi District, on the lack of action by the Police to arrest immediately those involved in the incident of a family in Nongsier, Jirang.
The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) through Bah Ksan Kupar Warjri, General Secretary, congratulates these karate players on their success. .
In the second half, Spain Ryngkhlem scored two goals for Sohmynting 2-1 in the 28th and 58th minutes.
Do we lose our Khasi-Pnar identity if we accept Christianity? Who decided the word? Religion is a spiritual activity that connects us human beings with God the Creator.
A meeting was held in Kolkata on Monday where the Head of the company, H. Garg, handed over the keys to the Minister of General Administration Department (GAD) HDR Lyngdoh.
There will be no more jobs but I will look forward to a happy future.
Givenson Suting is the son of Iengskhem Ryngkhlem and Banlam Suting, residents of Demthring village.
They are citizens of the Persian Empire.
Therefore, the residents of these areas have to drive for 2 or 3 hours to visit the banks in Mawkyrwat or walk for 3 or 4 hours to visit the State Branch. Bank of India in Ranikor.
He said that the Thangkhiew Kur has announced to all the people to reject the offer to sell and buy land in Wah Pomdngiem through Bah Asirshon Thangkhiew and his group.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: To prevent the use of plastic bags using plastic bags which cannot be destroyed which endanger the environment and cause pollution to the environment, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Arpirt Upadhayaya today enforced Section 144 CrPC in all parts of Ri Bhoi District which prohibits the use of plastic bags or plastic bags which endanger the environment.
He also congratulated Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew for his efforts in improving the training for the youth so that they can get jobs after completing the training.
What has stirred up the people in the elections is the accusations and criticisms of the political parties on many issues affecting the people.
This plant requires only seasonal rainfall.
"The loss of one of the members of the group on the 11th June 2020, who is a friend and brother of the band, Bah Baïaineh C.Shangpliang (Bah Nah) has been a great loss. and there was no place for them.
HYC Mawlai Circle President Donbok Kharlyngdoh said the HYC has taken this step after the General Manager of FCI A Kumar Gupta failed to keep his promise and talks with the FCI. This was held on the 4th November, 2017 at the Old Building, Laitumkhrah.
Not only that, it was also shown in various pictures that her patlun was well covered in the parts of her body, as it used to be in the back.
Therefore, many of the Khasi people who have seen and met have begun to accept one idea and that is that the plan has been known only as a legend that the Khasi people, whose language is their own. you have lost your race.
To have a healthy body, many of us try to eat healthy foods and exercise properly, but all these cannot work without including water.
During the tenure of Speaker (L) Donkupar Roy, the Prime Minister promised to make Sohra a District.
Floods and landslides caused by heavy rains have affected tens of thousands of residents in many parts of Meghalaya, leading to food shortages. drink and stay also in safer places.
Speaking to u SP News Agency , the MLA of Sohra , after the meeting with the Prime Minister , said that the JAC has urged the MR of the state to pass a law on the Sohra District Mukul said he still has to look into their demand.
Nongpoh: U Bah Lamphrang Khymdeit, has been elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Nongsangu for the term from 2019 to
Kharkrang said the court did not summon the police when it called for the trial of the two FKJGP leaders. They have been detained under the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act. Act (MPDA) for more than four months and were released on bail on Tuesday.
In the first semi final, both the teams scored 2-2 goals and until the end of the match they could not score another goal.
Mawrie said the party does not promise to give tickets to anyone, but they have to follow the rules of the party before giving tickets.
In a complaint to the court, the mother of Bah Marbaniang said that the SIT has not been able to conduct an investigation into the incident and has not given any conclusion or decision so far. , requested the court to order that the case should be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for a fair trial.
This will be part of our duty to honor the country which has given us so much, despite our regional differences, we enjoy freedom as Indians of our own country.
“Regarding the Social Welfare Department, there is always a shortage of CDPOs, but the good news is that we have now approved the appointment of six CDPOs,” he said. Speaking to reporters, Bah Lyngdoh said.
Prof. Oinam said that there are many Kukis living in Manipur but who are from Myanmar, who have got jobs in various government departments of the Central Government. .
Assam and Meghalaya have a long-standing border dispute at 12 points along the 884.9 KM border. The two states in October 2022 signed a social agreement in the presence of the Minister. Amit Shah's Home Ministry to resolve the seven incident sites.
Shillong, November 7: U Bah Witting Mawsor on Tuesday said that he is deeply saddened by the report in Rupang newspaper and another Khasi newspaper that Wallambok Dkhar, Organizing Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP), has slapped him in the newspapers. don't talk to your friends.
On the same day and at the same venue, at 1:30 pm, the final match will be between Nongtalang Circle and Thangbuli Circle.
So far, the party has not received a reply from the party on the complaints it has sent to Delhi regarding the election of leaders in the state.
In this regard, Kitlangmiki said the minister has promised to send a doctor as soon as possible but the other requirements will be looked into later.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the issue of bringing railway in the state has been pending for a long time. villages in the state are concerned.
So now we will go home happily,” said Sri Lanka coach Chris Silverwood.
The bank will start its operations from 18th June,
The money was purchased and distributed equally to these people along with their vehicle fares.
The problems of education and income in this age are not sudden, but 155 years ago the foreign scholar John Ruskin described and prophesied in a book. his book, Unto This Last in
However, in these forty years of journey, as managers, we have not been able to escape from the increasing problems, one of which is the inability to use the land properly. he kills.
Unfortunately for the children of the poor, parents can no longer afford to send them to school.
In fact, they should have given them enough time, not even a month or two because to register for more than a year, Karuna should have given them the opportunity, but this will affect them. and this will affect their income as a family.
NEHHDC will also cooperate in terms of internships and field trips for students of NIFT Shillong and other NIFT campuses.
These reasons and many others have caused the electricity department to be in debt of hundreds of crores of rupees and every year this debt is increasing.
Speaking to one of the vendors in Khyndailad, a shop selling expensive items such as Mobile Phone, Lap Top, TV and other electronic items, he said, “It is useless to open a shop and get “It's not like we're going to lose 10,000 rupees a day,” said the Dkhar, who said that the workers will lose 10,000 rupees per day. duh with thousands of dollars.
This was expressed by the residents of this area at a public hearing before the start of another mining project in this area.
furthermore, theonomous in history has never produced good fruit.
According to the Khasi society, those who give birth to their father are very concerned about the fact that the family does not have the right to do so.
Minister Duh said that Adivasi fighters have taken part in the struggle for independence in all parts of the country and named Govind Guru from Mangarh Dham, Tantya Bhil from Madhya Pradesh, Bhima. Nayak, Martyr Veer Narayan Singh of Chhattisgarh, Veer Gundadhur, Rani Gaidinliu of Manipur, Veer Ramji Gond of Telangana, Alluri Sitaram Raju of Andhra Pradesh, Rani Durgavati of Gond Pradesh.
It is the vision of the Congress leaders who have passed the Sixth Schedule,” said Lyngdoh while answering a question on whether the INDIA alliance will be able to take care of the BJP in the elections. vote in the Lok Sabha.
Nongstoin, July 12: The residents of Shahlang area have protested against the negligence of a contractor who is working on the road connecting Riangdo to Athiabari which is about 32 kilometers away. Heavy vehicles such as buses and trucks have been banned from passing through the road.
“They have expressed that they don't see any problem that Shillong will one day become a clean and tidy city as it was once known as the Scotland of the East.
The Waheh Shnongs of Wahiajer, E. Pariat, Mookyndur, LP Phawa, Mynsngat, Y Nongspung, Khanduli, L Laloo, Ummulong, LaP Pyrphet, Ummulong. Dr JC Rymbai and Dalloi of Nartiang District Hep Dhar.
“I apologize to you and I am very sorry from the bottom of my heart that I could not complete the visit to some of the families because of the lack of time.
The NGT has now sought clarification from the State Government on the opening of these coal mines and the NGT also wants to ask the State Government whether it should no longer grant permission to these coal mines. to suspend those which have already been implemented.
Three people have died, two of whom have not been injected.
Besides the water supply, the mining of coal and mining has also affected many farmland in these two districts.
At the same time, he said that the NKU has questioned the safety of the HSRP, as vehicle theft is very high even without the implementation of these HSRP numbers. Shillong, November 4: The implementation of the Integrated Scheme The sixth Watershed Management Program (IWMP) has been in the hands of the Central Government to provide funds to the State Government to implement this scheme in the State through the Department of Soil and Water Conservation.
There are 21,57,538 confirmed cases and 1,32,76,039 recoveries.
Gerhard Albert congratulated the Jaintia Hills Development Society, the School Managing Committee, the teachers and others who have taken part in the construction of the school.
O LORD, thou art God from everlasting: thou art my God, holy from everlasting.
The meeting, which was held at the Chairman's room on 21st October, was attended by senior officers of the Bank along with the Chairman and Office Bearers of the Seng.
According to Dr Budnah, the symptoms of the disease are fever, headache, headache and loss of appetite.
New Delhi, June 22 : It was a very exciting and encouraging match for the young wrestlers of Inspire Institute of Sport (IIS) who participated in the U17 Cadet National Wrestling Championships and the Senior Open National Ranking. Championship held in Uttar Pradesh.
It will be the first time in the history of the MDC from this constituency that he will distribute relief goods to the people, especially the villages of Khatkasla, Psiar and Moolber on the border of Meghalaya and Assam which have suffered for decades. get such schemes.
This shows a weak and corrupt leadership that is not in line with the democratic way of thinking.
Pynursla, Jymmang 24: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Thursday visited Pynursla to explain to the public the election of the Leader to the Legislative Assembly of the State to be held on the 27th of June. On the other hand, the leaders of the area urged the people of the area to warn the MLA of Pynursla, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who has admitted that he has been cheating every five years and the people have been deceiving every five years.
If there are any such, and if the readers can point them out by writing to me, I would be very grateful to them. from the districts of Assam.
The majority – about 90 % comes from local government.
After the meeting, the Children's Committee of Chilliangraij Jowai held a tree planting ceremony at Khloo Langdoh with the participation of students of Chilliangraij SSA UPS, Chilliangraij Govt.
The voters may be deceived by the wealth of this organization.
Thabah said that despite the emergence of various parties, the people want to have a Prime Minister from the Khasi community and it will depend on the MLAs who will be elected tomorrow.
“Yes, Mother, now I understand that it is my fault...” said Rida.
On the Deen Dayal Updya Yojana phase I and II, they have renewed it by increasing the implementation without the approval of the funding agency.
L Pariat, Deputy Chairman – but Ami.
“20 years ago people were still posting my videos but not the videos of Bah Ardent Miller.
The bodies were broken into pieces on the roadside,” said Barah.
The protest came a day after the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, announced that there is no plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
The deceased was identified as Wanbet Rapsang, 63, resident of Mawlai Nonglum, Shillong.
The highest posts have been occupied by the Dkhars and Lyngkien, for that reason the Dkhars themselves allow only their fellow Dkhars to work in their offices.
The government's introduction of various missions such as Lakadong, Piggery, Milk, Spice, Ginger, Aroma and others has provided great support to the farmers from the fields to the market.” FOCUShas a special place in my heart because it has been able to help so many farmers.
The bench also directed that it should not delay without sufficient reasons either to the police department or to the complainant.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The National People's Party (NPP) has admitted that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, has been holding on to the file relating to the resignation of Conrad Sangma as MDC to the GHADC for more than three months. .
“The state government, in consultation with the MoEF, will submit a report within four months to report on the measures it has taken to rehabilitate the areas affected by illegal mining in the past years,” he said. On November 23, 2013, the NGT had postponed the shipment of coal mined in Meghalaya to 15th June and set 15th June as the date. the last to pay taxes on the coal that has been mined.
All the districts of Meghalaya are in the bottom position of the census, which is joined by Mizoram, where all the districts were very low.
Mirul Islam Mondal (46), of Namabilla, West Garo Hills, died at Tura Civil Hospital, Tura; Ram Bahadur Sunar, 71, of Iewmawlong, Ribhoi, died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The reporter who discovered the incident witnessed that three people were inside the Alto 800, one injured and two of his friends who fled the scene and left the vehicle in the middle of the road. the driver of this vehicle was not injured.
Nongpoh: The office of the Syiem of Jirang Syiemship in collaboration with the office of the BDO of Jirang, today held a tree planting program at a place near the office of the BDO. The meeting was attended by Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun as the chief guest and Victor Ranee, MDC as the chief guest. and others.
Many students attended and took part in the lecture.
Replying to the request of the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma that the incident in Ichamati should not be investigated by a Magistrate but should be handed over to others, Chief Minister Cornad said that for now They shall first wait for the report from the Magistrate, and after receiving the report they shall see what to do.
The Dorbar Shnong has also sent a letter signed by 17 elders and in the letter they have asked for clarification why the education department has forced the students by issuing an order that they should not have Aadhaar number for the purpose of receiving Scholarship.
On Thursday, 50 percent of grocery stores, hardware, mobile and juti shops were allowed to open.
In the second leg, Shillong Lajong opened the scoring through Ioanis Suchen in the 14th minute. Banshan Nongdhar scored the equalizer for Nangkiew Irat from the penalty spot in the 41st minute.
Has the municipal been able to comply with the wishes of the central government? In fact, the state government has the power too.
(With your own blood)".
The elders of the area, while informing this reporter, said that during these two days they have worked hard physically and mentally, but due to the lack of stones to be placed in the pits. They could not complete the work until they reached Mainop.
Therefore, the UHM welcomes you to join the UHM so that we can serve the people better.
This happened at Shanmari village under Lumshyiap village, Shillong.
He said that the allegation that the Syiem has issued the NOC without regard to the public for personal gain, he has to clarify that if any resident from outside the Hima comes to ask for the NOC. any NOC, the King and his Office do not charge a penny.
It is not to discriminate against other ethnic groups but remember that all Indians have the right to live and work in any place or state within the borders of India in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
“The state cannot say that through the leadership of the Congress party, Meghalaya has got the whole state and this is through the kind hand of the Congress party leader, Indira Gandhi,” she said. Priest.
Rathor, along with Krishiv Chaudhary, scored 58 runs for the loss of two wickets.
On the other hand, the Hynniewtrep Defense Alliance (HPDA) has denied Andrew's membership and said that there is no member with such a name in the HPDA and this is just a propaganda against the HPDA.
At the same time, he said that the number of members in the state has increased to 10 lakh 50 thousand. Those who have filled out the forms offline have not been counted yet. office in Delhi and this will be announced soon.
Meanwhile, the Chief Guest, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, urged the students who received the M-Tabs to make proper use of the M-Tabs. for the purpose of improving their education.
He said the government has used six battalions to patrol for the election besides 1000 Home Guard and CRPF personnel who are already in the state.
At this meeting, the leaders of the Central Body will also explain the 100% Enhancement in the salary of Adhoc School teachers as approved by the Cabinet meeting recently and the issues that remain to be implemented. government.
The second guest is a businessman from Lad-Sutnga.
In the 2018-19 season, the team has 11 unbeaten games including seven wins, which is the longest record in an unbeaten run. Mattell, one of the companies that produced Barbie dolls, has launched a special doll for children with Down's Syndrome. .
He said that during his tenure as CEM of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, he had raised the issue in the Council and all the MDCs had agreed and a resolution was passed by the Council. to send a memorandum to the Central Government.
In the third category, Sanikawan Challam of QC Springside English Secondary School, Jowai scored 551 marks.
However, in a more interesting game in the second half, Lawsohtun managed to turn the tide.
thank you very much and thank you very much.
“When we asked whether they will withdraw this announcement, the VC replied that they will not withdraw at all because many of the colleges have proceeded to implement new courses under the NEP and that so far no “There is no principal who has come forward to say that they cannot implement the new degree courses,” said the MCTA leader. the academic council, so it is illegal and we want the VC to remove it and if he cannot do so, we cannot remove this protest because we cannot agree with things that are not according to the law,” said Bah Rani.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, said that he understands the problem faced by the people due to the lack of roads and that is why he has worked hard. to provide good roads to the people of this area.
Police have brought the AMEF leader to Shillong and have been authorized by the court to investigate for five days. the border area to recruit the youth of the area.
SCA (A) bowled well for the loss of all wickets and scored only 127 runs.
Besides, the residents of the village have been able to travel around the city and abroad.
The price of these chickens is 10 tyngka per han chicken, 15 tyngka per chicken chicken, 9 tyngka per broiler chicken and 5 tyngka per white broiler chicken.
The day will start with a thanksgiving ceremony from Khyrdop Lum Sohpetbneng at 8 pm and at 10 pm there will be a thanksgiving ceremony on the Duwan of this sacred mountain.
Shillong, March 5: U MLA and former MDC of Nongkrem constituency, Bah Lambor Malngiang today confirmed that he will not contest the mid-term MDC elections from Nongkrem constituency.
The CEM replied that the creation of these District Council Constituencies was created to check the number of voters between the constituencies.
What happened to MeECL? Where is the electric fire? The truth about this is that MeECL has a lot of problems.
We need to fight against and expose violence"- Mary Mcleod Bethune (black woman, fighter against black violence).
He also urged the Government of India to withdraw these troops from the Maldives, so that there will be no disruption to the peace and security of the Maldives in the future.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: It will be a great news not only for the residents of Umsning area, but for the people of the district as a whole, in the inauguration of the foundation stone for the construction of the Slasha Factory. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today announced that the government will soon lay the foundation stone for the construction of a 50-bed Organic Tea Processing Unit in Umsning. , which will provide special care only to poor women and children.
Therefore, the government and KHADC need to work together and talk clearly with the border residents because if changes are needed, they have to be made. You don't have to worry about social media.
Also present on the occasion were Dr Shailendra Chaudhari, Director (Admin) & (Health), NEC, Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Ram Muivah, Secretary NEC and other central and government officials. state.
Daniels has lost her lawsuit against Donald Trump.
US President Donald Trump and his wife Melania Trump have tested positive for the coronavirus.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Brighstarwell Marbaniang, who is also a teacher at St Anthony's College Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Khasi students have been affected by the attitude and appearance of the Khasi students, who have never seen a bright face like other students from other states. .
If anything continues, can we fight against corruption? Therefore, to bring about a successful fight against corruption, it is necessary to make the people aware of what corruption is.
UDP West Khasi Hills District 32-Nongstoin Constituency Shri.Polestar Nongsiej (APPROVED) UDP Eastern West Khasi Hills District 31-Mawthadraishan Constituency Brolding Nongsiej is an MLA and Minister in the MDA government.
WP(C) No.394 of 2021; Date of order: 05.04.2022 in Zanera R.Marak & Ors.
For students who live outside the state who have to take the exam online.
Consistent claims: Claims are linked to the solvency of the group by checking their investment and profitability in order to ensure consistency.8.
She alleged that there too, there was a force to remove the Lamphang's seat.
Samla Sun said that the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit will continue to monitor the allocation of contract jobs as well as the recruitment in various government departments in Ri Bhoi District. The union will not allow any discrimination in the employment process where the union's mission is to pay special attention to the unemployed youth who are entitled to receive jobs according to their performance in various employment examinations. diverse.
“I think this government is one of the most open to discuss any issues.
The Minister said that the Government has worked closely with the thermal plant authorities because “We want that now that the license has been issued to mine coal, we hope that we can start the thermal plant and this is likely to be the long-term pathway we can see in the next 3-4 years".
They said that if the weather is dark all day long, it is difficult to care for, because if it is hot or rainy, the synsar turns color and the price also drops.
mar 5000 and pha LA was sold.
Speaking to reporters, HSPDP candidate from 36-Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh, said that he has no doubt and hope to win the MLA election 2023 from this constituency. Hadrian Lyngdoh, former MDC of the PDF party, has joined the UDP in the past but has not supported the HSPDP. Many of them have left the UDP to join the HSPDP in Mawkyrwat constituency.
Furthermore, if there are any differences in the EPICs, they should be rejected if the voter can verify them.
The Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) on Tuesday directed all four Deputy Commissioners of three districts of Garo Hills, namely West Garo Hills, Tura and East Garo Hills. , Williamnagar, Resubelpara and Ampati to consult with the District School Education Officers (DSEOs) regarding the declaration of school holidays due to the spread of excessive heat of the sun which can affect the health of students, school staff and teachers.
Furthermore, the title sponsorship and broadcasting agreement with Viacom has already made the WPL one of the biggest teams in the T20 tournament.
In Lynshing, four households were damaged and one person was injured.
After winning the toss, SGH did not manage to tied first and scored 177 runs for the loss of five wickets in 35 overs. bowl.
KL Nongbri said that he has already sent a report to the state government, but he has no authority to ban or oppose the meeting. The Assam government has not implemented any scheme in the area because it falls within the border between Meghalaya and Assam, because it has to respect the agreement or the status quo of the past. to direct that both the states of Assam and Meghalaya should bring in any development works in such areas and should not be banned at all.
He said that the people have understood that they will not give their answer in this election by rejecting them completely.
On Tura, he said the incumbent MP Agatha K Sangma will be the candidate to contest the upcoming MP elections.
Recently, Spingshon Marshara, former Sordar of Mawduh Village, Mawduh, Sangriang, visited a tit farm in the Sangriang area. It is not easy and beneficial for the farmers, if they do not work hard to succeed by trying many ways in collaboration with the government officials in charge of the agriculture department. riang and trained professionals in the field.
Many people have said that the surgical strike of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been terrible because even in the middle of the night people have to stand in line to withdraw money. it is also the most different story since India gained independence.
On the other hand, Ma Garod LSN Dykes also promised to take action to discuss the proposal to demolish the PHC Dawki.
According to historical records, the British Government began to rule India in 1758 through the East India Company, a private British company and after a few years it was taken over by the Government. English (British- Crown Rule).
The Minister said that the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma will hold a meeting on Tuesday next month to discuss the distribution of vaccines to the people in the state.
There are only 5 chapters in History for 23 marks.
“It was reported that the lions, who were in the sanctuary, died yesterday at 6.15 pm.
The Seiñraij Mukhla invites and welcomes everyone to attend this year's Chad Sukra.
Iran is said to have the highest number of executions by hanging, including homosexuality, alcohol abuse and other crimes, according to a statement. The Sun.
The government has also informed that more than 70% of the affected cows have recovered due to timely treatment.
The work has been scheduled for 2 years to complete Phase-I. Currently, Package-2, Package-3, and 5 are also underway.
Men's Under-23: 100 Meters, 200 Meters, 400 Meters, 800 Meters, 1500 Meters, 5000 Meters, 10,000 Meters, High Jump, Long Jump, Javelin Throw, 4×100 Meters and Mixed Relays.
Police have recovered 5 grams of heroin, 2 mobile phones and T.10,480 cash from them.
“He said that during the meeting, they also discussed the issue of selecting a candidate for the 2023 elections.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that there are 30,067 foreigners who have been repatriated by the Assam government.
Of course it may not be easy to get any suggestion or demand in a short period of time but the important thing is that once you can suggest the necessary issue it depends on your knowledge and understanding The leaders in power to develop it and as the people of the state we have the hope that this issue will be achieved one day.
On the other hand, Bah Dewi Khonglah, President of the Riwar Eastern Social Welfare Sport Association, invited all the clubs in the Riwar area to join the Association.
The turnout was 75.97% in Mawphlang, 74.69% in Mawryngkneng and the highest turnout was in Rajabala with 90.63%.
Boys HS School won the 2000 meter race.
The incident happened at 12 noon, the report said.
The first place went to the women's team in the speed skating 3000m relay and the second place went to the men's team in the men's speed skating 3000m relay.
R.Songthiang, Rijanai Ryndog Lyngdoh, Cecilia Dkhar, Edaka Warjri, Alfinia Warjri, Daka-i-Paka, Mrs. Marboh, Lavinia Shadap, Espiranza.
“We have always discussed that one of the most important issues is the need to open a secondary school as it is 20-25 km away from New Jirang and we have discussed it from time to time but until now it has not been successful,” he said. , he said.
“This lack of clarity in the explanation and recording has put the people at great risk which could affect even the health of the people, besides that a lot of garbage flows directly into Pung Umïam”, said Young Damien.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to seek clarification on the issue of land sale. Sordar Diengpasoh gave the land to the Khasi who were not from the village because they were considered as foreigners.
At present, the offices in charge of literacy have not been respected but the offices of the Election Deptt have been forced.
The incident occurred after the leaders and members of HITO returned from Sadar Police Station with the intention of turning to the Secretariat to distribute placards in front of the office of the Prime Minister, Ministers and government officials. state.
“The demand for sohtrun from this state is very high abroad,” said Kong Roy and added that there is a need to improve the farming methods.
Darrang is a prominent tourist village near Shnongpdeng and both these villages are located near the Umngot River.
The lack of even the foundation of a house, not to mention the land, has increased.
The place where the bus fell is known as Mawsyniew riat, the length of the sharing riat is about 30 meters from the main road.
“The goal of our struggle to work with the national parties is because we want to defeat the Congress in all the MP seats – Shillong and Tura and also in the MDC elections-2
The Seiñ Kyntu also congratulates the Police Department and the Health Department for their hard work together with the SKSR 12-Daloi and the Village Authority to organize this successful tournament.
The tree that grows in the ground is male, but when it is cut down, the lyngkhot of the tree becomes female when it is cut down.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the target of the state government is to complete 100% vaccination of the residents of the state. .
They shot dead one of the employees of the gate, and before fleeing, they put a letter demanding T.50 lakh beside each of them. this bag.
When inquired, the DGP said that he will convene a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to understand the problems they are facing in order to get the cooperation with the village authorities.
However, on closer inspection, it is necessary to pay more attention to his contribution and other responsibilities he has devoted to the ministry.
Jowai, June 3: More than 500 school children, government officials, village leaders and elders have come out to clean up the village of Shangpoh-Pohshnong and Shang Pund-Misson which is a Model Village. or a village specially selected by an MP for bringing about exceptional development in all aspects.
The areas where vehicles are not allowed to enter will be Lad College Junction, Shallam Syngkon Petrol Pump Junction, Dulong Junction, Mission Compound Junction, Jrisalein Junction, Dawki Stand Junction, Thomas Jones Junction and Lad Mission Hospital Junction.
When the cake was cut, it was distributed to the crowd.
We find that many of those who die later suffer greatly when they are sick or ill, even if their husband or wife dies first.
So with one voice they agreed to stand up and fight against the British Government.
Referring to the recent appointment of only 3 Khasi and 7 Garo in the High Court, he said that the number of Khasi working here is more than the Garo. .
Speaking to media, Agnes Kharshiing said that the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission should have implemented a Suo moto investigation into the incident.
Besides these, there are many other youths from Mawthadraishan Block who have worked across the country through the training they have received with the support of DDU-GKY. Also present were the BDO of Mawthadraishan Block, L.Myrthong, P. Sohkhlet, Sordar of Kynshi Mawria, Bah R. Marweiñ, Sordar of Kynshi Mawria, Bah R. Marwein, Youth and parents of Kynshi Mawria, Kynshi Mawphynaiñ and Kynshi Diwah.
On the issue of Trading License, the CEM said that the Trade Department of the Council should not be responsible for the revenue generation department, because “If we say that the department is for the production of “It means that we have to issue Trading License to all those who apply from the Council,” he said.
The Lower Court on Friday granted bail to a senior police official who was temporarily suspended and arrested following allegations of involvement in corruption offences.
“Regarding the security measures during the days of the Yatra, he said, “We will deploy and increase the number of security forces.
Many schools do not have enough money to pay the salaries of such teachers for many months because if they do not receive an official appointment from the Government they do not receive the Government salary.
The meeting was conducted by Bah S.Najair, Executive Engineer, PHE Mawkyrwat.
“It has nothing to do with politics, I don't go to contest elections and I don't want to contest any election,” he said. " said Psalm.
Mawrie said the State Election Committee will soon meet and send the names of the candidates to the Central Parliamentary Committee headed by the Prime Minister for approval.
The Minister said that there are currently two Chief Engineers in the Western Zone and the creation of this new post, in the rank of Chief Engineer, is only to look after the collection of fuel bills for the Western Zone. Garo Hills District.
This year's recipients are Rikynti Ryntathiang from Lawsohtun, Melos Warjri from Umsaw Umkhwan, Phiar Myrboh from Puriang, Atar Kurbah from Laitkroh, Bandajingsuk Sungoh from Mynso, Phaimi Phawa from Kyndongtuber and Tiarlis Nongphlang from Mynso. .
The growth of the rivers, not only can meet the needs of man, but moreover, it has grown to such an extent that it cannot encourage them to plant in the fields in order to get back to the fields. rep to ring.
Shillong: The I-League 2018-19 will start on the 26th of this month with last year's champions Minerva Punjab FC facing Churchill Brothers Sports Club and Chennai City FC facing Indian Arrows.
“Shisha seh?” asked Ri. “Yes, you know that before I came here, they had warned me.
There were no serious injuries and he is still under medical supervision,” said his father, Francis Minz.
Therefore, the District needs a Hospital and especially the cooperation of the State Government to address these issues immediately without delay,” said the Forum.
He completed his BA from the college in English as honours, then took Philosophy and Economics, the most difficult subjects in the Arts Stream.
However, Meghalaya is second only to Bihar and Jharkhand in terms of poverty.
Chief Guest Kyrmen Shylla and Chief Secretary MDC Lasky Rymbai were present to witness the programme.
Regarding the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police have said that they have not yet found anything, but the investigation into the incident is ongoing, in order to arrest the robbers. , who were involved in the murder.
This widespread landslide has happened in all parts of West Khasi Hills District and has put at great risk to the homes of the residents, especially in these days when the wind is very strong, because If it is the households in the rural areas where parents and older children do not have time to stay at home because they have to take care of the poor and the daily wages.
The second coming of Jesus has also been associated with the end of the world and in the land of Hynniewtrep there have been groups of Christians who in their preparation to meet those last days have broken, rejected. and they despise possessions, wealth, and try to cut themselves off from all relationships in this world of flesh.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) is the leading party in the MDA government and also holds the Home Department.
He said that up to T.280.98 crore has been spent by the end of June
We have been waiting for this day for a long time to get this medicine and now we have it".
Church “B” was renamed Northern Ireland and annexed to the United Kingdom.
The CEM said that although the Bill has been passed, what remains now is for the state government to publish it in the Gazette notification, and after the announcement of the state government, the EC will set up a committee to draft the Bill. rules to take all actions relating to this Bill.
They said that the Garo are united and want to get only 2000 Khasi votes to ensure victory.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh together with Bah Balajied Rani MDC, today honored three Village Organizations from Mawlong Constituency. The VOs from Mawphrow and the VOs from Niangbari Lum, who have been selected by the Block Development Officer, Umling.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: The misuse of ration has been rampant in the state and this was witnessed after the residents of four villages including Jojwa, Jojwa Bill, Narbong and Roberkhuli , in Byrnihat area of ​​Jirang Constituency, Ri Bhoi District, where the residents of these villages have not received ration and other benefits which they are entitled to for more than 6 years.
He also explained how to start the Annapurti Grain ATM which has been set up by the WFP. It can deliver two types of goods and takes about 90 seconds to deliver 50 kilos of goods.
The Minister confirmed that the purchase of sheep will be under the orders of the District Collectors.
Voters should understand that their vote is extremely valuable.
“The people of the state have already decided in the last election where they won 26 seats for the NPP because they see the issues and leadership of this government. and hearken unto the voice of the multitude.
The residents of Ri Khasi Jaintia have reached an agreement with the Central Government and it has recognized this and it is no longer a new demand, the beginning of the struggle for power, which has been going on since “It's still under the rule of the foreign country,” said Bah Kharjarin.
Kirandeep, who lives in India and her visa expired in November 2022, was recently detained in Amritsar while she was on her way back to London.
In suffering:- Jesus came to suffer and die on the cross for us human beings.
“Ka Seng knows its duty to work and it is not to mislead as alleged,” he said.
The RBYF through Bah BP Thangkhiew has raised the question, who benefits from the road scheme when the rightful contractors do not get it, and on this occasion it will seek RTI to find out the facts and to investigate.
Bihar lost all wickets in the second innings for 164 runs at the MCA Cricket Ground in Polo on Friday. He scored 30 wickets for Meghalaya, which is also his new highest wicket in a first-class match.
In another development, the DC said that 90% of the compensation for the NH-6 Jowai Badarpur Road has already been paid to those who have been affected. what remains now is the payment of buildings.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 5: With the aim of strengthening the HSPDP which is one of the national parties and also to restore the lost glory of the Umroi Constituency, the HSPDP on Tuesday held a The party held a public meeting and on the same day, the party's full leaders in Umroi Constituency were confirmed.
According to the programme, the group stage matches will be played at Air Force School, Jalahalli, Air Force School, Yelahanka and Air Force Training Command.
My Father wants to destroy me.
In a petition sent today, Mukhim requested the Chief Minister, Education Minister and Jt.
"“This protest is part of the protest against the stinginess of the Government of India to end the bloodshed which has been going on for six months in Manipur and demands that the Government of India “We should not turn away from the government to find ways and means to end this bloodshed as soon as possible by inviting various groups to the negotiating table,” said the statement.
Natural resources used in essential and non-substitutable activities and vital to national security and economy are natural resources that are recognized as critical.
Morning said there have been two meetings but no decision has been taken whether to expel him or not.
Looking back on the struggle of the jympa farmers, it is sad because they don't have a suitable place to struggle, but they have been struggling like the shepherds of the cows in the past. small streams and those who are not really suitable to be or to be able to train themselves to lead outside the district.
Prizes for the winners: 1st Rs 7000/-, 2nd Rs 5000/- & 3rd Rs 3000/- (including trophy).
In 1962, Prof. GG Swell was elected MP and Babu W. Reade (Shillong), Bah HE Pohshna (Jowai), SDD Nichols Roy (Sohra), BB Lyngdoh (Nongpoh) and HS Lyngdoh (Nongstoiñ) were elected MLAs. .
The committee is headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo and has 15 members.
The union has also decided that after collecting the count of people who have been in contact with Covid-19 patients, it will contact the department in charge of Covid-19, said a statement from Samla Shibaitlang. Rymbai Publicity Secretary, KSU-Wapung Unit.
He said that the mining of coal in Jaintia Hills in the form of 'ka tih thliew khnai' is the most dangerous for the people especially during the rainy season when the mine is flooded and causes death. Many of them are also workers in these coal mines.
Namrhen Ryntih beat Trangblang 1-0 in the Lower Division.
Niakha and Rida were no longer able to take responsibility for all the work to prepare the milk for those who came to visit.
He said that the plastic ground will also have rest rooms, changing rooms and others and is scheduled to be completed within 24 months.
“It means what I have said earlier that the state government under its protectors has allowed not only the illegal mining but also the illegal transportation and sale of coal. The coal has been stored in the coal mines across the districts at the expense of the state.
Bah Sokon, as an elderly man, comforted and encouraged the children of Kong Sbai.
When Abraham saw the mountain where he was going to sacrifice Isaac, he commanded the two young men to stay there.
At the same time, the EC has appointed Bah Herman Nongrum (Retd Judge) as the Interim President until the General Council is formed.
“We have seen that education in Meghalaya has improved due to the presence of dedicated school founders who have the spirit to improve the society such as Religions, Churches, Hima, Raid, Shnong and Individuals.
When asked about the Congress' intention to contest new candidates and how much the party hopes to win, Wasnik said, “We will not go to the people only through the candidates but We will go as the Congress party with the principles on which we have stood and the work we have done and we don't see that there will be any disadvantage if we contest with new candidates in the political arena.
Prof H Mishra, Director, UGCHRDC, NEHU in his speech on the topic, 'Youth Development, Step towards a Self-Sufficient India' explained how the youth of the region can participate. part in the achievement of Atma Nirbhar Bharat.
Lajong almost scored their first goal in the first minute of the match, but Lajong's player failed to score. jar and it reached the Punjab goalkeeper safely.
The suspension of recruitment in Government departments has affected the working methods of the Government and has also affected tens of thousands of Government job seekers especially those who have reached the age of application.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on July 28, 2013, said that the Don Bosco Technical School will be the perfect partner for the Meghalaya government to support and complement each other in the establishment of the Don Bosco Technical School. chores.
Drivers and factories have been ordered to strictly follow the guidelines of the Health and Family Welfare Department including social distancing, masks and others.
Kavitha, who is an MLC of the Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS), was arrested by three employees of Chariot Productions Media Pvt Ltd, including Damodar Sharma. , Prince Kumar and Chanpreet Singh and former India Ahead employee Arvind Singh have been named as accused in the complaint, the source said.
Speaking to media after leaving the polling station from the Returning Officer's office at the Deputy Commissioner's Office, he said that the government has mismanaged the public funds. to develop the state for the benefit of the people.
Regarding the allegation of these four women, the village in a meeting held on 20th November, ordered Bah Noping Khongsit to eat human eggs as punishment.
Regarding the incident, Ri Bhoi Police said that initially, they received a complaint from the family members of the child, who lodged a complaint at Umsning Police Outpost, who said that The Ri Bhoi Police, on receiving the complaint, have taken action and created the necessary measures to release the child.
When asked whether he is ready to contest if he gets a ticket, he replied, “Why should I leave”.
Ma Andrew congratulated the village for being able to manage the tickets well and invited everyone to cooperate by purchasing these tickets.
“This decision on the ILP should have been made long ago.
The YMCA would like to express its gratitude to Bah Shandroy Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong, Laitkyrhong Dorbar Shnong, Revd Banteinam Lyngdoh, medical teams, paramedical staff, volunteers. and members of the Board of Shillong YMCA for their support in this regard.
This is also the first time that the State Bank has given such an award in the North East.
We left at about 10.30 a.
Eligible candidates are SSLC pass 70% (2022), HSSLC pass 65% (2022), Bachelor's degree pass 60% (2022), Master's degree pass 60% (2022).
Shillong, July 5: Sohra Cricket Lovers have won the title of the District T20 League Cricket Tournament 2022 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA).
On the other hand, MEMRIWU strongly condemns this incident yesterday as the ambulances serve for the people and the patients who need to be transported and for the lives and livelihoods of the people.
I don't know how many years I've been here for two years and I don't know how many doctors have been there.
If the Parliament of India introduces the UCC, it will violate the separation of powers between the Central and State Governments as enshrined in the Constitution of India which is unacceptable,” she said. Establish.
The Indian Premier League will start from 19th November
When he learned that the teachers in the schools are paid more, he asked why the children who go to teach in the lower paid teachers are more educated. those children who attend those schools where the teachers are paid highly, but the children are not very intelligent and besides, the school system is not the same as in the school I attend.
It may also be that people or vehicles suspected of carrying drugs have been arrested, please don't search, don't do anything, what can be done is to arrest them and take pictures, then inform the authorities. do not look.
Replying to this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, Prof RC Laloo said that these model schools have been set up in Garo Hills according to the survey on women's literacy conducted by the Garo Hills. central government.
Bah Pariat also acknowledged that there is a shortage of medals and could not complete the distribution but he said that the medals were not short and it was only due to the delay that they could not complete the distribution on the last day. .
Police used sticks and throws to disperse the crowd which caused injuries to the police and the crowd as well.
On the issue of poor students who do not have access to good educational institutions, Irani advised them not to be discouraged and said that she too, She came from a more difficult family, but it was because of the responsibility of her parents that she was able to be in this position.
He also asked whether the Council has recognized the Labang Nongphyllut Elaka. The answer was 'yes' to the Labang Nongphyllut Elaka. It is the land within the Council but since the state was independent, it has not been found.
The deficit of T.1,592 crore is about 3.42 per cent of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP).
He said that after taking the necessary action under the NDPS Act in the presence of independent witnesses, a search was conducted on his suit case and a plastic containing these items was found. 1.017 kilos of illegal drugs.
“We want to do the best for the residents in the border areas, we want to protect the residents, so it is better for them to maintain peace and order and we will try our best to resolve the issue. this mat".
The aim of the Jan Bhagidari Events is to encourage the students to develop and showcase their talents, as well as the teachers to encourage them. student.
Most of the unused mining areas have been used by the district authorities as sources of support and employment opportunities for the youth through the fishing industry in the district which is often attacked by They were arrested in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand.
They have not seen or heard of the Resurrection.
In Sholay, in 1975, Jagdeep played the role of Soorma Bhopali and it is still a memorable role.
The song was sung by Simon Dkhar and B'EASTT and the dancers include Kharmawlong, Riniabashisha Kharmawlong, Asinara Kharmawlong and Bandarihun Kurkalang.
Shillong: The Congress party will no longer trust its leaders to prepare for the 2023 elections, on Tuesday. Because all the leaders have turned away from the Congress party.
Haniyeh has reportedly been a frequent spokesperson for Hamas since his home was destroyed by Israeli bombing in November last year. .
TDP leader Kappera Srinivasulu, who lost the Nellore Corporation election, has cut off his hair on one side of his neck and hair on one side of his head. will continue to do so going forward.
In Meghalaya itself, the need or desire to be recognized as a Riewlum and the owner of the land or the owner of the village is very important in all kinds of jobs whether government or private jobs.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the PDS for the month of June 2022, has been released through the distributors. ration for AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA households of 2.6 liters per card.
At the same time, the residents urged the HNYF-JC to take action for the sake of the community of this area, by removing these stone quarrymen according to the news. already published this past month.
HH Mohrmen, who has just completed his Doctorate from Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong, was also honoured.
Kolkata: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today alleged that the Indian government has closed the bank account of Mother Teresa's Missionaries of Charity.
In Group B, Sein Pynbhalang SC will play against Rangdajied United FC at 2:30 pm.
The assistant music producer is Ksan Kharbuli and is produced by Dbryn Records and Elvest Thabah.
One round of the conversation is over.
He also criticized the PDF leader who is also the CEM of KHADC, saying that he has promised only a word in the dorbar to hold his seat but until now he has listened silently.
Jeremiah 51:20-23, because you are the sword of Jehovah God.
In the women's category, Febronia Pajat won the title and Wanhunlang Rynjah came third.
At present, the border issues have not been explained yet.
Without thinking, suddenly Sorrow comes to the world; Terrible human suffering happens in the countries of the world.
He said he agreed with the suggestion that the orders issued by the Government regarding the curfew or others should be issued by the District Administration.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases, one from the factory and 7 cases from high risk.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Hitesh Bordoloi, General Manager of Hotel Poinisuk, Laitumkhrah, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that he has misused T.9 lakh. collected from the hotel guests and from the drivers, who used to pick up the hotel guests.
Thousands of missiles have been fired in various parts of Israel this morning, followed by Israeli air strikes on Gaza.
Babu khongjirem I am very happy with all the words you have written.
Bah B Langbang said that the Viksit Bharat Sankalp is being implemented by the Central Government to reach all the people through the IEC (Information, Education and Communication) Van.
It shows the Government's commitment to building a prosperous and inclusive India, where farmers play a major role in the country's economic development.
E Shylla, Administrative Officer, today announced the name of Lakashiang as the new Daloi of the elaka.
Shillong: The PDF candidate from Mylliem constituency, Bah Hamlet Dohling, has been appointed as the Minister of State for Urban Affairs Department. do not paint the Municipal.
“We received 87 shares last year but this year, it has increased to 94 shares,” she said.
However, this is the first time that Rangdajied have lost since the beginning of the tournament without scoring a point.
Goyal said that when the time comes to install the bearings, it will be done and there have been many teams who have checked the condition of the construction of the dam and the bridge. that vehicles pass through the upper part of the field.
Hello.
The theme of the debate was “Artificial Intelligence Has Redefined the Threat Perception of Human Civilization”, in which the debate was interesting from the groups supporting the theme and the groups supporting and opposing the theme. Artificial Intelligence was created by man and therefore man will be the master,” said one of the activists from the opposition group. The use of artificial intelligence has also led to the success of the Chandrayaan-3 mission.
That is one area that the Government has to pay attention to.
Speech was delivered by Bah RB Shadap, President, Union Rangbah Shnong, Ri-Bhoi District, who urged the unity of all in the Ri-Bhoi District not to allow this project to affect the people. land of the poor people.
Meanwhile, India remains in second place after winning three bronze medals, one gold and one silver.
Therefore, the drivers are urged not to drink and drive, not only for their own safety, but for the safety of others as well.
As we have seen during the pandemic, health issues in one part of the world can affect everyone in other parts of the world within a short period of time," he state.
If the railway comes, thousands of government employees will be needed to wait at each railway station to see who wants to stay in Meghalaya and who doesn't need it.
Among those who attended were leaders of Sein Raij Jowai, Shillong Muslim Union, Central Puja Committee, Sri Guru Singh Sabha, Shillong Buddhist Association, Ramakrishna Mission Laitumkhrah, Archdiocese of Shillong, Church of North India, Seventh Day Adventist Church, They also received news and suggestions from the Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Church Synod, NEI Fellowship of Charismatic Churches, Assembly Church of Jesus Christ India, and some church leaders.
The meeting was conducted by the DC of Ri-Bhoi, RM Kurbah.
Then he went down from the surface of the earth, To listen to the rivers that threw the thwei. 5) Why do you play the Duitara? The answer is to show the mawsawa;The spiritual power of the ancients,The strong and strong foundations.6) Kynten How can we love our country? How can we love our country?7) The clean voices that come from the Duitara,They tell us the truth. golden age of silver;Once upon a time mynkulong kumah,When the golden throne was still standing.8) When he turned to society,A! How painful is his heart; That kings and nobles don't know how to lead, To take their children to the blue sky. maw;To suhthied sha anciently what he wants,On the face of the earth that will not last forever.10) With a clear word to the country, 11) The words of the righteous are still visible, He is indeed a great poet; His name says that he will never forget, To forget his heritage kan nym lah.12) How can we forget the Duitara Ksiar?In Rib we shall find it nearer;
On the other hand, the Cabinet also approved the preparation of Independence Day speeches to highlight the various achievements of the government since it took office.
Replying to a question, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there is a plan to evict the Khasi and Garo people in Moulvibazar area on the grounds of destroying the forests in Moulvibazar. this bag.
Police in West Jaintia Hills have seized four trucks carrying coal and smuggling it to Assam.
He said that this shows that the state government as well as the leaders do not care about people and have no responsibility for the people in these border areas.
Not only that, the construction of the road is a waste of public money and therefore, a thorough investigation should be conducted into the construction of the road, she said in the FIR. “The construction is a fraud and illegal act and those involved should be brought to justice,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Cabinet on Thursday approved the establishment of the State Human Development Council (SHDC) to implement the MPOWER in the state.
On the other hand, U Nongsaiñ Hima has met with the Rangbah Shnongs of various villages especially those Rangbah Shnongs of those villages where the residents live together with other ethnic groups to listen to the report. their positions in relation to this law whether they oppose or agree.
After the arrest, they also investigated to verify the drugs through the NDPS kit and according to the verification, it was found to be heroin weighing 22.34 grams.
Chwami Dkhar scored the second goal for Evergreen Mukhla in the 2nd minute and Pynshaimiki Sana in the 40th minute.
Drinkers have complained only once in the media that the price of petrol/diesel has been increased, but to increase the price of petrol/diesel, owners and drivers have to come out and protest for months.
L.Pyrtuh, from the Presbyterian Church Moolang, expressed their gratitude to God for the ability of the Church to host the Youth Synod Service in Moolang. also to all those who will attend the service from Tuesday, 1st to Sunday, 3rd October
During the inspection, the Minister also discussed with the management of GVK how to improve the quality of assistance when the people need urgent assistance.
'Or shall we say together as the Delhi Chief Minister said that Delhi will have to reopen and that people will have to live with the COVID-19 pandemic? who shall deliver thee, if thou wilt not suffer me to be slain? How can it be that we have to live with the destroyer? How can we be quick to count what the wise say 'The fools rush where the angels fear' or 'The fools rush where the angels fear'? Why should we allow only those high profile persons to decide whatever they want on the lynga? As parents of school children, we need to ask them first if it is possible to start school.
Everyone knows that it was my protest against the Lokpat that strengthened the BJP and the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP).
It is death.
“I would also like to express my gratitude to the Meghalaya government under your leadership that the bad roads have been improved for the benefit of many people,” he said.
As an actress, Zendaya starred in Spider-Man: Far From Home, The Greatest Showman and Dune and also played Rocky Blue in Disney Channel's Shake It Up (2010-2013). .
In Umsaw Nongbri, there is also a Mawkba, a Mawsiang in the shape of a large dabor, and this stone is in the middle of the forest. The water is very clean but in the rainy season the water fills this stone and produces mushrooms and also rice, and this rice grows every year since ancient times until now and this place is known as as the “Niamathlong” which means Mawkbah.
They said that if the government takes more action to assist the people of the State, not only to provide assistance for the construction of pig farms and purchase of piglets, but also to create opportunities to provide pigs. If this is the case, it will significantly increase the production of meat in the State.
These are those women who don't want to be deceived by the devil or anything else to throw away even that Sun from heaven from its throne, to darken the world! These women of this age -Nowadays, in the MOTHER-NAUGHTY (or modernity) era, they are no longer afraid of anything and are quick to associate with anything if that fear gives them these 4 (four) things, namely: (1) opinionated feeling of ill feeling against men, (2) induced or deceived comfort feeling of self-complacency, (3) reputation terribly popularity driven and (4) money, wealth.
Compared to other youth in the states of the country, we can say that we are still lacking in all aspects of life because other youth have improved in all aspects of education, but we are still lacking in all aspects of education. we are behind in comparison with them.
Therefore, the union urges these land owners to wait until the 25th of this month as promised by the rangbah, but if he does not pay within the stipulated time, the union together with these owners land, will not hesitate to take other stronger measures, he added.
The border area is experiencing high temperatures especially during the rainy season, when the people face health problems.
Meanwhile, another sport which has never been known and heard of, but the wrestlers of the state have shown their new talent is Belt Wrestling, in which the wrestlers of the state have been able to that they may receive their medals.
The fire broke out in the house and barn of the Singhania at Khyndailad, Thana Road on Saturday, showing how dangerous it is to the people and the city as a whole, when houses burn down in places where closed.
Another match was played between Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh FC at the PA Sangma Stadium at 3:30 pm.
In the Weightlifting category, the athletes who participated came from all over the districts to compete for the title.
However, it is also up to the Kashmiri and other villagers whether to sell their land to other Indians.
The fish ponds are however 'empty'
I think if the VPP has the courage to do so, it should identify those people who commit such evil deeds so that the Church can take action.
Shillong: After many people complained about the delay in treatment in hospitals, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that the patients who go for treatment in hospitals Hospitals, doctors and nurses should treat them as soon as possible and not wait for the reports of the covid test.
For hospitals and for all health workers, ie Health Workers who have a primary role in providing care to those affected by this disease, and also for For all the Front Line Workers to have a spirit of courage and also to experience the protection of God in their hard work to fight against this disease.
In the men's category with a time of 3:47.00 min, Rahul came second behind Jinson Johnson and was also selected for the Asian Games. starting from November to March.
He was appointed as Executive Engineer (PHE) and Member Secretary, DWSM Jal Jeevan Mission, North Garo Hills on 10th October
“Now he will be able to think well as President because he is free,” he said.
This refers not only to personal freedom, but also to the need to respect the freedom of others.
The suspect said he was drunk and did not know what he was doing.
Hek said that the shutdown of the internet especially now during the examination period in all schools has disrupted and shut down the students.
Marwein said the KSU will take another decision after the meeting if the government does not respond to release the President of the KSU and drop the charges against the leaders.
He said that when doing this, it is necessary to close the vehicles and it takes at least 8 hours to close the vehicles. treat the work.
Conrad said that there are 41 gates that need to be built but it is difficult for the government to build them all at once. and the land acquisition will be completed in 2 to 3 months.
The Minister said that police are still investigating into the extortion case.
One of the youths of Ri Bhoi, who did not want to be named, witnessed that this power outage has affected the people and said that he himself has experienced this power outage. Many of the works that he had to do have been stopped due to the lack of electricity, because during the day there were many outages and those who received electricity.
The residents of the Lukha River have flocked to the Lukha River to collect the dead fish on Friday.
The Rangbah Shnong of Panaliar said that even the hotel in Jowai which has been prepared to accommodate the fire houses has been occupied by the village. house Arwot said that they have paid T.24 lakh for their music and travel expenses.
Many of the issues which I have already mentioned in the newspapers last month, the FKS has also mentioned again as a reminder and it has become clearer.
If we ask and follow strictly like these words, then it is indeed a protection or maintenance of the border or the peace and order in the village.
The Kur Lai Kynja said that it has no objection to the construction of the Intermediate road but urged the PWD (R) office not to order the company not to expedite the construction of the road. The residents of the area will not have any disruption in their daily traffic.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday sought a report from the management of NEIGRIHMS regarding the death of a young man from injuries.
In commemoration of this year's theme, this year's World Rabies Day 2021 is “Rabies: Facts, Not Fear”.
Bah Lambor said that mutual respect should always exist so that we can see which is the best.
“However, everyone knows that Bah Shullai will submit hundreds of applications to help foreigners get trading license from KHADC. said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Shillong, today said that the Government today has decided to allow factories to start operating from 4th June as well as parks that have been licensed by the government.
Therefore, fortified foods containing vitamins/minerals which build not only the body but also the brain (fortified food) have been distributed through the ration shops.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the discussion on the roster system will be held after the 15th of July. in relation to the implementation of the Roster system.
He said the BJP plans to run the railway line from Shillong to Jaintia Hills to Mizoram and these are the scientific tricks that are dangerous for Meghalaya.
“The court said it does not want to interfere with the distance of the protesting farmers, but is concerned that the farmers do not eat or get water at the protesting site.
The Government has also prepared special accommodation and for those who come to stay, the Government pays a fee and has also provided food and drink. If you have a child who is two years old or older, you can bring your child to the place and the government will provide food and drink.
The absence of the allocation of funds in the road construction budget of the central government has been a great loss to the people of the area, especially in terms of transportation and many other necessities.
These youths have been able to work in major cities of India like Mumbai, Bangalore, Delhi, Chennai through the DDU-GYK scheme, which is a scheme of the Central Government. implemented by the Ministry of Rural Development.
The fight against ISIS has slowed down due to the presence of large numbers of roadside bombs and the fighting is reportedly still in western Tikrit. the city of Dour.
The most successful bindo politician of Meghalaya has praised the corruption because the tynsong is increasing and there is no place for him in politics.
The leader is the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, whose total assets are more than T.45 crore.
SHILLONG: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has announced its MDC candidates for the KHADC and JHADC Legislative Assembly elections to be held on the 27th of June this month.
Of the three persons who tested positive in Amlarem, one is the owner of a khapshniuh shop, one is a sha shopkeeper and one is a syiar shopkeeper.
“I won from the Congress in 2018 without any reason and all political parties are good and the issues should be to develop the state and my decision to join the UDP it is because it is a very old national party,” he added.
Therefore, if the Meghalaya government forcibly moves to Assam, the people will not be able to accept the documents submitted to the government.
The case, filed by Tennydard M Marak, was heard today before Judge Madan.
“Up to Rs 141 crore has been paid to 805 landowners under Section 10 (4) of the P&MP Act, 1962,” he said.
He also criticized the MLAs for not doing anything in the past 40 years as this constituency does not have a single hospital, a good school and especially a good road which are the basic needs. eh of the residents.
Similarly, the tradition of having a farmer, a caretaker of the elderly and also to carry the burden of illness and disease in the family will continue.
Regarding the allegation of accommodation, he said, “The Indoor Stadium Hall at Dalang is not used to accommodate the children when there are no games and because it is the month of June, it does not matter. eiei but this time due to the heavy rainfall, this place has been severely affected”.
This bill has pleased the Khasi people, because it is to preserve the uniqueness of us Khasi and not to make Khasi the children of non-Khasi fathers.
Mawkyrwat, July 05: The District Mental Health Awareness Program (DM&HP) office on Friday held a Mental Health Awareness Program at Bethel Secondary School Nonglang.
Preparations were also made to build the Centenary Building which will improve the services of the Hospital and other preparations.
According to police, the two men were identified as Wanbor Kurbah, 32, of Lyngwa Sohiong village. Sothiang Jana 40 years old from the same village.
The Forum directs that all those who have more time to arrive at the office of the DC, SDO or BDO at 10 pm on these dates and to meet with the officers to “It's a good idea to visit the coal mines,” said a statement from Bah M Kharkongor.
The coast guard is working with the Taiwanese coast guard to search for the missing persons.
Khliehriat, July 5: Police of Umkiang Patrolling Post, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday and Tuesday arrested two vehicles suspected of being involved in the murder. They were carrying drugs and after the raid, they seized the drugs and arrested the two suspects.
The first plague was, In the days of Noah, The Flood covered the earth, Everyone died there.
Tricky Mukhim, Publicity Secretary JSU, said that the JSU is delighted to be able to celebrate Independence Day with the sick and orphans at the Children's Home.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has been re-elected as the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the second term 2023-2
This is the first step to be demonstrated to the public through the collaboration of the State Government, the Smart Village Movement in collaboration with UC Berkeley, and SVM's technology, Clearbot.
The dignitaries who attended the meeting included Rev. Dr. OL Snaitang, Rev. Dr. PBM Basaiawmoit, Tbn. Dr. I. Nongbri and Bah Morning Star Sumer, Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU, SWKHD took part as the moderator of the discussion.
“All the programs and activities of the Government will be in vain if the youth of the state get addicted to drugs,” he said.
He said that this Center is one of the centers which has received awards from time to time and this is the opportunity to be upgraded to PHC among other criteria.
Shillong, June 01: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has decreased steadily with the number of recoveries increasing day by day.
They didn't get to kill the Lama.
The President Organizing Committee of Mankachar informed the DC of WGH , Pravin Bakshi , that the union has lifted the curfew after seeing that the Meghalaya government and the District Administration listened and accepted the outcome of the meeting held at Hatsingimari on Tuesday.
On the same evening, the Tympang Club Jowai honored the youth of the village who have passed well in their studies at various levels, as well as the elderly and all those who have contributed to the development of the club.
“We have not received exact information yet whether the Prime Minister will come on that day.
The surprising thing is that the elders of the Seng Khasi have not treated their fellow Christians with contempt, but the knowledge of their origins in the customs and traditions has been contributed by the elders of the Seng Khasi. the original religion and those who have converted to Christianity.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that Bless Dkhar was arrested by the Laitumkhrah Police Station from Pohkseh area on Monday.
Ramkumar said that the insurance under the MHIS-V-PMJAY has increased from T.5 lakh to T.5.30 lakh and the list of beneficiaries has also increased under the current scheme.
and they cast the flesh from their plates into the mouths of the swine.
Grant Assistance from the Central Government During the Financial Year 2023-2024, the Council has already implemented 363 Schemes/Projects under Tied and Untied Grant including water wells, Check Dams, Fishery Ponds, Ambulances, Water Canal, Solar Lights, Schools, Community Halls, Outdoor Parks, Squares, Footpaths, Laundries and others within the WJHD. The Council on behalf of the CEM of JHADC has called for the cooperation of all the Members, employees to support the Executive Committee in the past five years, which has been able to run the work of the Executive Committee. Council for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills as a whole.
Perhaps the customs can be compared to a tree, the tree remains a tree, the roots remain the roots but the leaves, flowers, fruits change according to the time.
The Nangbah District, Jaintia Hills, honors, honors and worships the lumkyllang under the name 'U Lei Kyllang'
In a letter sent to the President of the party, Ampareen, complained that the Congress party has lost its closeness to the people of Meghalaya. She has sent a letter of resignation from the party from today, 19th November. 2022.
After the bye-election in 2016, he saw that there was no real need to mine uranium and opposed the mining of uranium.
“I am still with the Congress to contest from the Congress in the next election and I hope to win again in the next election,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The Secretary of the Church read the biography of Tymmen Basan and speeches were also delivered by the Pynthorumkhrah District and Shillong Rilum Presbytery.
Uruguay has about 3,15,000 seals and sea lions.
Shillong, March 24 : U Minister of State and NPP Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Monday said that Nongkrem will be turned into a model constituency if the people of Nongkrem win. Dasakhiat has been elected as MLA for the 2023 elections.
Shillong: Police in Garo Hills on Tuesday arrested two auto rickshaw thieves and seized two motorcycles.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 14: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the Colonel Director of Recruitment, Akshay Sati, has invited online applications from unmarried youths of the district. Agniveers for the year 2023-24 under the Agnipath Scheme.
Currently, non-fossil fuel sources account for 43% of the 180 GW of electricity generation capacity.
Even we from Riangdo went only because we wanted to see the Prime Minister of India.
And it is everyone because he said (Revelation 22:17) (Josh 3:16) Yahshua is not a guide but he is the way.
According to the report, the amount to be repaid has reached Rs 3,000 crore.
Matri Sangha won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 141 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 32.3 overs.
P.C, it is prohibited for individuals or groups of organizations to search vehicles on the roads and at weightbridges, where anyone who violates will be punished according to the rules of law.
“We have clarified that the party is against Star Cement and we don't want it to take land anymore.
The Shillong Press Club today was shocked and saddened to learn that Bah Various Star Nongsiej, a senior journalist of the state and one of the strongest members of the Shillong Press Club, has passed away. passed away suddenly on the night of January 22,
Because of our own actions, we will experience more and more.
The residents also suspect that the fire may have been caused by a short circuit in the transformer supplying electricity to the village, which is located near these two houses.
In the singles competition, 262 teams took part while in the team shooting competition, 74 teams took part.
The driving of vehicles in the middle of the pb market is like a nuisance to the market visitors, if the drivers do not stop this will cause injuries to the public especially the school children who used to walk short cut from the pb market. It's a pedestrian way to walk.
The village of Smit also has high hopes that the visit of the Synod will benefit the village but the Synod is still far away and the preparations are ongoing but the village has benefited from the visit of the Synod. The Synod has brought about unity within the village and has also brought closeness among the residents of the village.
The Mawphanlur Integrative Village Cooperative Society together with the land owners, VDPs, ASHAs and the villagers have decided to open the tourist spots at Mawphanlur (Natural Lake) in the village from today after receiving the permit. At the same time, there is a committee in charge of the entry and exit of tourists. The committee was elected as Chairman, Boney Lyngdoh, Vice Chairman, Nikhloson Jana, Asst Secretary Dan Singh Marbaniang and ASHAs/Agans/VDPs/Volunteers.
“The German team has brought in international experts in this field and they have given advice on how to develop a strong and effective policy,” he said.
The President of the party, Rangbah Pranshon Jala, said that the 3rd June has been declared as a day of prayer after requesting for approval.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Association, Bah Mihsalan Dhar in a statement, said that the Association urges the drivers to issue these IDs to provide protection to the passengers, especially to the passengers. If they find drivers under the influence of alcohol or any other intoxicants, and who speak rudely to the passengers, they should take their ID numbers or the number plate of their vehicles by informing the The leaders of the Association are the police.
Arunachal Pradesh has appointed political appointees as Advisors and Chairman.
Informing on this, the CoRP leader, Bah GS Hat, said that many people including women and elderly people who wanted to go to the pharmacy but when they reached the pharmacy, the staff They said that they cannot give medicine because it is the day of cleaning the hospital.
The Chief Adviser to the State Government, Bah Hamlet Dohling, who is also a former MLA of Mylliem, said that they have received an allocation of Rs 4.21 crore for the construction of the road from Sanmer to Sanmer. Then go to Mawklot – Nongumlong to Umlyngka – Kynton.
Ms. B.W.Nongbriha congratulated the parents of the students for showing a spirit of cooperation with the school authorities. bright future of school children.
The past four years have been a waste of time and this year is the last year for the people to judge.
According to the statement, no players from outside the village will be allowed to register.
He said that what is more surprising is that after a while he reiterated that whether the land falls in Assam or Meghalaya, the land owners are the same.
On the next Sunday, Most Rev Paul Mattekat, Bishop of Diphu Diocese, Karbi Anglong Assam, will be the Chief Priest of the Holy Mass along with Rev Fr. Michael Khongngain, Parish. Priest Umden Parish and other invited priests.
He said that due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the State, along with the country as a whole is under lockdown where the work of the residents has been banned.
He said that Goa and Meghalaya are states with beautiful places that attract tourists and these two states are states that love music and The people of these two states are good people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on the 6th, said that there is no prospective or retrospective in the implementation of the roster, and the government will come up with an explanation to explain. above all this.
Laimer (72nd minute) and Sabitzer (84th minute) scored two goals for Austria.
Conclusion: The Khasi people are known as a country of knowledge of people and knowledge of God.
LYNNONG – The New Year has come and has been welcomed by all the people around the world in their own ways of celebrating by eating together.
“We have been turned away by other ethnic parties, that is why we have not been able to form a government and be in the opposition,” he said after the formation of the government failed.
Their hard work under the leadership of the first Prime Minister of the country, Pt.
Police have registered a criminal case under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
He said that the police used to come every night between 2 pm and 4 pm.
In the petition, Balsan's mother demanded that the case be handed over to the CBI for investigation into the death of her son.
The villagers said that the government is poorer than the villagers of Ri Lyngngam.
Describing the VPP protest as politics, he said, “You should not be surprised when political parties do politics but there should be a limit.
Nari said the issuance of this order is because there is a power from behind. “The first purpose is to destroy the Khadar rule, the land and soon the state of We will become like Tripura,” said Nari.
He also urged the Village Leaders to put up signboards as most of the time the spirit of robbery is a loss to the future generations.
The Yatra, which started on Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas (November 15, 2023), aims to deliver basic services to all the people who deserve these services related to sanitation, financial services , electricity supply, residential housing for the less fortunate, food security, nutritious food, safe drinking water and quality education.
"My request to the members of the VPP is to trust the Government which has implemented the law according to the law and the Government does not have the authority to appoint the members of the Lokayukta but is only empowered to send them. “It's a good idea to have a list of candidates to correct the errors after the implementation of the Lokayukta for the first time in Meghalaya,” she said.
He said the martial arts has now qualified for the 37th National Games to be held in Goa from April this year.
He will send the report soon and after that, we will sit down together to take a decision,” said Dr. Bishnoi.
Khliehriat: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-EJHC) has urged the management of two tourist attractions, Sah Ksaw and Rynji Fall in East Jaintia Hills District, to ban for visitors to stay in dangerous places; The management of the tourist spot should prohibit tourists from going to the synrang or sitting on the top of the Rynji Valley.
Jan-Lennard Struff also needed three sets to beat Dusan Lajovic 6-7 (2), 6-3, 6-3 the same fighting rhythm.
A group of DMK followers staged a protest after the IT department conducted a raid on the residence of the DMK leader's son, who is a corporate executive, la reported the news.
Sources from the residents of Langpih sector, said that all the residents of the sector, demanded that the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma, after the members of the Langpih sector, The Regional Committee on Border Dispute of West Khasi Hills, has completed its public hearing and listened to their wishes. responsibility that the demarcation of the boundary should be according to the people.
However, the sons were less-used from childhood and when they grew up they became use-less and he moved 100 kilometers to Maweit.
God's Word in the Bible tells us about our relationship with the incarnate Lord Jesus Christ.
As you can see, Capt.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 08, EKH: 147, NGH: 01, RBD: 17, SGH: 02, SWGH: 03, SWKH: 06, WGH: 46, WJH: 69 and WKH:
Throughout the tournament, SGH's players played well and can be said to be the only team to score more runs and wickets, Basumatary with 223 runs and Kimtera with 193 runs. Shreya (SGH) was the player who took the most wickets with 11 wickets.
The people escaped and during the search, 51 cows were found.
Besides these three companies, there are other companies which come to loot and look after our foreigners, who are more stupid than the stone quarry.
He said that the former Governor had raised questions and recently the new Governor had sent back the MRSSA to the state government along with some questions and in the days to come. Prestone said that the MDA government will meet with the Governor of Meghalaya in the coming days. He also expressed the hope that the Governor of the State will approve the implementation of the MRSSA in the State.
The CAG said that in the years 2010-11 to 2012-13, there was a purchase of medicines worth T.16.65 crore for distribution to government hospitals, CHCs and PHCs.
“The government should immediately improve the Upper Shillong road without delay, it should not wait for permission from the army or anyone else, but it should do what is necessary and think for the sake of the people. said the MLA of Sohra.
In fact, the Supreme Court had heard the case today but as the lawyer of the state government did not appear, it postponed the case to that day.
At the same time, the Minister said that very few people in rural areas benefit from banks, especially in terms of loans because they don't know and don't know how to do it. private individuals lending money and oh at high interest rates from people.
In fact, India had a chance to win another gold medal but Mohan Bhardwaj lost in the men's singles final to Mike Schloesser.
The purpose of this program is to provide special training to the residents to know about the goal of the CM to eradicate TB, which is one of the most contagious diseases. those affected do not follow the government’s guidelines for taking medication.
The Meghalaya-Assam border is not the India-Pakistan border.
It will be a time of great tribulation, a time of the rule of Satan Lucifer over the world and will fall under the time of the plates of wrath of God, the Seventh Seals, the resurrection and the storm recorded in the Gospel of Matthew 24:31; 1 Thessalonians 4:15-18; Revelation 7:9-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, has set a deadline of six months from today for all schools, restaurants, private hotels and government offices to close their doors. Those within the border of Sohra should delete the Cherrapunjee inscription and put the name Sohra.
Health can be enjoyed and enjoyed throughout life while breathing but poor nutrition can only lead to disaster.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Chevinia Lyngdoh, 13, from Mawlai Mawiong, has been the winner of the Season-I competition organized by the Don Bosco Media Network. the Vocal Star UK title in the Under 18 category.
If there are no more forests, it will affect the environment.
Other constituencies have received more than T.2 crore and some have received more than T.3 crore.
On the other hand, the Working President of the JSM Central Body, Jimmy Kharmuti, said, “The JSM has sent a statement to the state government and the minister in charge. We want to get a good road, because the condition of this NH-6 road is very bad, it is filled with heavy potholes which is dangerous and dangerous. Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tyngsong, please expedite this matter to talk to NHAI as this road is no longer a national highway. Movement Eastern Region, Wellson RD Siangshai said that the party's decision to close down the toll plaza is on the grounds of the deterioration of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. The Project Manager of NHAI, in a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, has set a deadline for the repair of this road. “Therefore, we have come to close down this Toll Gate which collects taxes from vehicles. We would like to inform the government and the NHAI that if the road is not repaired, we will not allow foreigners to come and earn money from our country and our district because there is no “It's a benefit to the people,” said Bah Siangshai.
If the government sends 30% of the government employees to work in shifts to avoid overcrowding, then the examiners of MBOSE can do the same to resume the evaluation work. which has a system of examiners to complete the work.
Shillong: A mother has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 1st of this month, a Facebook account in the group 'Na Lyngwiar Dpei u Hynniewtrep' posted a picture of her daughter and criticized her. also with rude words to defame her and to defame her.
Dame Wanbiang Shadap top scored with 13 runs (16) while Melvin Warjri took 1/6 in 3 overs.
About 40 years ago, I thought carefully at that time when I was giving a speech at the cultural exhibition in Wahkhen, the same leaders decided to make Wahkhen the Laitumkhrah of the area. the War.
Daniel 7:25.
Because if the forests are destroyed, the water wells will dry up, the streams will dry up and the allocation of funds from the central government to the state government from the Jaal Jivan Mission will be meaningless.
Marshal Nongtnger scored the first goal of the match until extra time.
“If we repeal this Act, the loss of the state will be about 8-10 crore tyngka,” he said in an explanation to those who oppose this Act.
More than 175 years have passed since the Khasi language became a written language in Roman characters and during these 175 years many things have happened in the development of the language as a written language.
In other incidents, members of the KSU, said that today, they expelled the employees who went to work in various offices in Khliehriat.
As one of the elderly people who are almost 60 years old, I would like to share with you through this article how you should walk, act and live in your youth.
The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) has announced that the 48th Sub Junior National Basketball Championship 2023 will be held at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium, Puducherry. starting from January 3 to 9, 2023.
If we look only at the future of the nation in comparison with the past, the danger is that “We forget the present which will become the past only in the moments and thus we will continue to forget the past and the Lawei"
He hoped that their completion would be part of shaping the future of their lives.
Mikstar Marngar, Sordar of Myrïaw Village, said that in the past, there was a signboard to build a two lane road from Kynshi to Mirza in Kamrup Assam. Myrïaw to Nongthymmai in the Mawdoh area, but it is not known why the project has not been successful.
This can lead to harm not only to their families but to the society as a whole and especially to themselves.
Prestone said this while campaigning for the election in Madanbitaw, Sohiong constituency on 26th June, 2023 to seek the support of the party candidate Samlin Malngiang for the election on 10th June,
Mirajune said that as President, she has set a target to remind the government and if the government does not listen to the demands of the ASHA workers, they will not hesitate to take to the streets to hold protests or even resign. the work that they do.
The inspection was attended by the Rangbah Shnong of Pdengshakap, Bah Forward Shylla and the Secretary of the Village, Bah Shailang Pakyntein.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, Bah MB Tongper said that this is the first phase at the District Level where the best artists will be selected to take part in the State Level.
Details of this village can be found on 'Google Nongkhlaw 793119' for convenience as this village is not Nongkhlaw near Mairang but Nongkhlaw near Nongstoin.
The Secretariat, which is the largest office in the state where government ministers and senior officers live, has been closed due to no one coming to work.
The protest started at 11 pm and ended at 3 pm, according to the permission given by the District Administration.
Shillong: The state government has spent T.29.24 crore to fight against covid-19 in the state.
It is to be recalled that these two youths were arrested by the Assam Police while they were bringing the cows they had bought from Hahim for the purpose of raising them for farming.
The presence of dense forests attracts wild animals, birds and animals of many kinds to come and live in these forests.
“Pneumonia is a disease that burns and inflames the body.
On the other hand, the DC in a statement issued under Section 144 Cr.
All these are still under the jurisdiction of the central governments of the two countries.
The MDC said that another problem for the rural residents is that many of them don't have enough money to pay every day to get food and now they have to stay at home and don't have access to food. This has created more and more problems for them even if there is food in the shops and they don't have enough money to buy it. other than starving to death.
The participants of the Mawkyrwat Ultra Marathon 2018 include 70 runners in the 30 km race, 50 runners in the 45 km race and 50 runners in the 72 km race. there were 35 participants.
According to information received, some families have fled their homes in the darkness of the night to hide in the houses of their neighbors in places where they feel safe, due to the storm. Suddenly, it caused a great stir in the hearts of the people of the whole area.
The statement said that a man came to Mahadev Khola and asked for Amul Kool from one of the shops in the area and said he would pay later.
Dozens of villages affected by the collapse are Borsora, Nongjri, Kulang, Maheskhola, Khonjwai and many others.
According to a police source, the incident according to a tip-off is said to have happened on 29.9.2023 at 2:15 pm.
The bombing of the people has also been excessive and does not fit anywhere.
Nongpoh, June 11: A 15-year-old boy has lost his life recently and his parents and sister have been injured after a tree fell on his house. they went to Umling.
Iaraplang, who scored a hat-trick in the match, were named player of the match.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYM) have been summoned by the Sadar Police Station on November
The incident occurred at 7.20 pm.
“We will discuss many issues after the meeting of the Society,” he said, adding that through the Society, we will be able to talk to the Government authorities to turn to the tourist attractions by providing assistance for the improvement. Bah Banteidor said that the youth who have completed their education should come forward to work and stand on their own feet.
The union strongly condemns the actions of VC Prof SK Srivastava and demands that he should be punished.
The Government also informs the Court that after the repeal of the State Act, it will immediately introduce the Rules in accordance with the Central Act.
“One by one we went down into the well to help, but they all got stuck inside the well and couldn't get out,” said Deiwa. outside the well about 35 feet high.
He also stressed on the need for public awareness and support by those affected by this disease to better understand and provide support.
Through this rule, Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai has been re-announced as the Sirdar of the Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka to continue in office according to Sanad No.DC.XXVIU Genl/12/2012 24 and the KHADC has also announced that This law shall not apply immediately until further notice.
Deibormi Toi, President Rotary Club Jowai, said that the objectives of Rotary International have been carefully considered by Rotary International's thinkers including community service, environment, education, health, sanitation and others related to the good. the social welfare of the people and citizens.
The Border Security Force (BSF) in collaboration with Meghalaya Police have seized two trucks of tyrkhong worth T.40 lakh from the border of South Garo Hills.
According to Bah Rowel, the action of the Prime Minister to suddenly remove him from office is difficult to accept even though as a member of the party he has to obey.
The TMC strongly condemns this and questions whether the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya cannot show the MDA government the affected people and it is a shame in the constituency. the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to see and know such things which really affect the poor people.
In a statement, the PPM Umdap Unit said that on 14th November 2015, it had lodged a complaint with the Officer Incharge of Byrnihat Outpost, but unfortunately the OC has failed to comply. He said that it is the duty of the BDO and DC to complain and not the party.
The foundation stone for the construction of the pipeline was laid by the two Prime Ministers in November
“On behalf of the union, we request you passengers to please tolerate and cooperate so that there will be no misunderstanding between our drivers and our dear passengers who rely on vehicles. our income to transport you from one place to another.
The Minister of District Council, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui was the Chief Guest at the meeting and speaking at the meeting, Bah Rymbui, said that it is necessary in the working of the present era that these authorities shall have adequate accounting system in the collection and disbursement of funds.
In the second half, Arunachal Pradesh managed to keep their wickets till the 15th over with Manish Sharma smashing both the first wickets. Three more points to score 5/24 in 10 overs.
On the BJP's allegations against the previous MDA government, Conrad said differences of opinion will always arise but what is more important is cooperation and finding a way to resolve the issues.
Science, NEHU, Dr.(Mrs) C.Mukhim, Chief Medical Officer &  In Charge, Health Center, NEHU, Raj Mallick, Deputy Registrar (Exam), NEHU and Shri N.Das, Asst.Director (PE & Sports ) who is also the Organizing Secretary of this tournament.
He said that we have to look after the house where we live and not to improve ourselves, while the school is like a cow pen, because what affects the school will affect everyone inside. of me.
Regarding the award, Bah Albinus Timung, Rangbah Shnong Rongmesek, said that the reason why the village has awarded them is because they are grateful for what they have done. from the past.
Some people use their smartphones until 2-3 pm.
In the volleyball tournament, the state team lost to Manipur.
Jowai, Nailar 26: The Jaintia Women Awakening Movement (JWAM) is deeply saddened by the killing of two commercial vehicle drivers, Dameihipaia Papeng and Fullmoon Kharsohnoh by a group of bloodthirsty men.
Therefore, starting this year, the United Nations has launched various themes to raise awareness of the importance of the environment and the need to protect, care for and preserve its resources.
Through our experiences in life we ​​witness the mystery and experience the love of God.
He said that out of the T.227 crore revenue from kyiad every year, about 90 percent of this revenue comes from this.
“As it is now, there are no more fish that can survive in this river and the water has turned blue. determine whether the Kynshi River is still usable," he said.
ISIS militants have now acquired a powerful weapon and have demonstrated it in a vehicle in the city of Raqqa. in Syria and what is now called the Sunni Muslim Caliphate by the militant group ISIS.
Therefore, as young people when they begin to walk the long path ahead, he puts in them words of encouragement that they will be able to do many of these great things.
He said the time has come to change the old reservation policy immediately.
However, after protests by the public and civil society, the police released the member who was taken to the police station at midnight.
In these days, which are the days when we shall have to perform the rituals, the thanksgiving, the praise of God, that is; On behalf of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong, I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong. Congratulations to the Seiñ Raij, Jowai for being able to accomplish this great task, although this celebration to complete the Niam-ka Rukom, riti-ki dusdur this year, had to be held in a small scale. and to strictly observe the rules and regulations of the Government, in order to prevent the spread of this disease.
About 25 acres of land has been provided for the Urban Affairs Department and the Prison authorities will take over the land to accommodate about 1000 prisoners.
Tiwari was killed because he spoke against Hindus and his killing showed that anyone who spoke against Hindus would be killed.
During the discussion, it was understood that the reason was the ban on mining and transportation of coal.
In the upcoming elections in 2023 in West Khasi Hills District, the party has already two candidates who have qualified and have a strong sense of purpose. They will not participate in the upcoming elections.
Even if she doesn’t, she will in a few months or years.
The Synjuk Seng Shnong Shnong (SSSS) earlier found through RTI that the appointment in KHADC was slow without an appointment policy and was appointed only at the will of politicians.
Shop building price Rs 35,00,000/- (lakh).
“There are three to seven candidates in some constituencies who have applied for tickets from the party and we have used the formula that these candidates will work with the party.
It is also their duty to ensure that the regular fetes in the villages or even the regular fishing competitions affect not only their income but also their daily wages. resident.
“The CBI wants the permission of the State Government...they don't.
Friends, our Khasi people are a nation that respects not only foreigners but also our fellow Khasi.
New Delhi, Lber 01: The vice-captain of the Indian Hockey Team, Hardik Singh, on Tuesday said that the team is looking forward to defending the Asian Champions Trophy as it is important for them to be included in the Asian Champions Trophy. strongest in the world.
As the match continued with the remaining time, India once again scored another goal in the 41st minute through Neelam who tied the ball tightly from the outside. of the right side of the opposing team.
Every day, we hear of violence, violence, and evil of all kinds.
The meeting was attended by the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, the Presidents of JSU War Jaintia Circle, HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, HYC War Jaintia Circle, KSU War Jaintia Circle, Secretary Nongtalang and Bakur and Head of Dawki Village.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said the DGP has sent police from the Superintendents of Police (SP) of the districts to be vigilant and punish those who commit crimes.
Also present on the occasion were LT Tariang, MCS, YR Mawlong, MCS, L.Kynjing, Sub-Deputy Commissioner, MCS. Divisional Officer, Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, Superintendent of Police, Bah GD Kharwanlang, MPS and others.
Consolation prizes of 1,000 each were also awarded to those who finished in fourth to fifth place.
He said that this time too, the Chief Executive Members, land owners and District Councils will participate in the Regional Committee.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the damage caused by the forces of nature to the crops of farmers in the past months. After the damage to rice by insects, the insect infestation of riewhadem has been witnessed.
put that party alongside first.
Besides, just because they worked together in this MP election doesn't mean that the MDA 2 government will collapse but not because there is mutual respect.
“Why hasn't the Meghalaya Government from the past to the present dared to talk to the Assam Government on the issue of giving special protection and recognition to the Khasi, Jaintia villages in Assam, so that The JNC urges the State Government (MDA 2.0) to take action to talk to the Government of India. to demand that the Government of India should provide special protection for the rights of the Khasi and Jaintia villages which have been in Assam since before the independence of India. to own the land and to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi and Pnar people living in Assam.
These clinics are for the residents and poor households, free of charge and in these clinics they provide free medicines, blood tests, ultra sound, x-rays and others. and for more serious cases, doctors from these Mohalla Clinics refer them to hospitals.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen said that they fully support the protest of Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader Ardent, who has taken the decision to go on hunger strike for the sake of the people. other.
Dr. Evrist Myrsing gave an explanation on the problems faced by the residents of the border areas from time to time.
With Modi's assumption, the BJP has been able to ban and completely stop the flow of foreign funds by religious groups from foreign countries to India.
The death toll is from EKH: 04, EGH: 01, RBD: 02, WJH: 02 and WGH:
Hek said the BJP has already set up a committee on the issue and appointed former Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang as Convenor.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has issued a statement on the basis of the speech of the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, which appeared in the Peitngor newspaper on 12 /08/2021, which said that the Government of India does not accept the Instrument of Accession (IOA) signed between the Khasi Hills and India in 1947, in accordance with the provisions of the Annexed Agreements (AA) The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) would like to express its appreciation to the Government of India for violating the Standstill Agreement (IOA) and the AA. The Minister said that he is not aware that the Government of India is still afraid and respecting the provisions of the IOA and AA. The NCST on 26th June 2012 approved the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of the Khasi States followed by a letter from the NCST Chief to the Union Home Minister of India to introduce the terms of the social agreement. the Khasi Hills and India.
That is, those who worked early in the morning received the same amount and those who worked in the evening received the same amount.
The State Government has already paid the bills of the Midday Meal workers now known as PM Poshan until November
Shillong, July 08: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has announced four candidates for the upcoming MLA elections.
The Minister said that the Government of India has tried to allocate an average price for the supply of water to 6512 villages and many of the villages are sufficient, but there are still In some cases, the villages are not full because the villages in the rural areas are far away.
Mawskei Village is located in the province of Jirang.
The incident reportedly happened last week, when the incident of rape and sexual assault of the woman was filmed.
Referring to education, he said that in the rural areas there are small schools but after leaving the small schools, they send their children to urban areas like Sylhet or Sylhet. Chittagong.
The Government should also consider that the regulated markets should no longer be like the past.
However, after the House passed the Bill, Bah Carmel, slammed the report of the Delimitation Committee, and said, “It's a joke, you fight as much as you want, I will oppose until ends".
The meeting will be held on the 25th October at the Auditorium of Umsning Town Dorbar at 11 am.
Khliehmawlieh and Rangdajied have already played in the Mawkyrwat group in 2019; Rangdajied beat Khliehmawlieh 1-0 in the first leg.
Sameer Verma, who recently won the Slovenian Open, lost 15-21 15-21 to Danish Magnus Johannesen.
Nongpoh, November 12: One youth has lost his life and another has been injured after being hit by a runaway truck at 12mer, Byrnihat. National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
The current appointment is contractual so that we can continue to work while the DSC has not been able to fill these vacancies.
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has informed the public that no weapons, shatri, cigarettes, explosives will be allowed to enter the Polo Ground.
On the other hand, police have arrested Lam Dympep (21) and Teibor Rani (23) at 10 pm while they were trying to block the road at Mawlai Umjaiur. Shillong.
In the first half, both teams played hard but no one could score until the end of the match and the match ended 0-0
The two also discussed the need to develop the economy and address many of the challenges facing the two countries.
In his speech, a pastor said that on the 8th June, 2014 at 2.30 pm, he saw two stab wounds on the hand of a woman but the medical report the next day, said that there is strength in the right hand and in the left hand.
He explained that the hospital is only a Tertiary-Level Care Center but patients come from different places.
They are people who have stayed in their own villages and come on their own roads but while they are riding they get sick with diarrhea, prayer and until now it is not known whether it is from food or from drugs. It was from the water they drank, because they said that they had suddenly become ill after eating and drinking.
They think that when they are in power, they don't need to follow the laws.
Three of Vishwa's teammates, R Santosh Kumar, D Kishore Kumar and S Abhinash Prasannaji, were injured but were discharged from NEIGRIHMS and returned home on Tuesday. two.
This market opening will continue like this and will no longer be the village calendar until further notice.
According to the complaint lodged at the Khliehriat Police Station, Lucas Rymbai is the son of Victoria Rymbai of Ladrymbai (Parma).
Speaking at a meeting organized by the Social Welfare and Regional Resource Center in Kohima, Nagaland and NGOs in the state, Deborah said that the programs need to be implemented properly. bring the interest of people who really need it in this area.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumshnong, Bah Change Rymbai, has suspended the meeting for violating the NOC of the villagers. He also strongly criticized the SPB officials for not asking permission to hold a public hearing in Lumshnong. The Khasi Student Union, Jaintia Student Movement, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front together with the residents of the area have come out and sent messages. suspend the Public Hearing.
In the final of the men's category, Umphyrnai SC beat Pomlahier SC 4-3
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 24: Since the Cluster Resource Persons of the Ministry of Education, have stopped collecting children aged 14 years and above, who have dropped out of school part-time, The children who dropped out of school part-time have started to increase again.
“KHNAM wants its people to be steadfast,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
These creations of God help to improve and maintain the ecological balance of the environment.
The Derna health ministry said the death toll from the floods in Libya had risen to more than 2,3
On this subject, Dr. Homiewl Lyngdoh in his book “The Khasi Syiems and Synteng”, a legend about the ancient chiefs who ruled the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
He said that according to the RTI survey, there are about 8000 vacancies across the departments of the state government.
Leaders of the CCIB today met with the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat to demand that he should cancel the approval.
Forests are part of their livelihood and without sufficient forests, trees and shrubs, the lives of indigenous peoples will become miserable as has happened in other parts of the world. .
In the last chapter (chapter XLI) the author urges us not to forget to pray or remember God at all times.
Samuel Suchiang, who lives on the ground floor of the SBI Bank Ladtha Laboh Branch, said that at about 2:30 pm, he heard that there was a noise. pitch.
More accurate news and articles, better writing style, more skilled reporters and editors in the Khasi language, editorials, letters and reports should be provided. scales well.
“The government has also taken measures to curb the insurgency that aims to disrupt the peace and order,” he said.
Conrad said the Joint Venture Partnership is one of the three options that the Government is considering.
According to the report of the SMC, which was headed by its chairman Bah T Dkhar and members including Bah F Kharlyngdoh, LM Sangma, Prof R Khongsdier, Prof AK Nongkynrih and Prof AK Nongkynrih. Bah HM Shangpliang, Secretary, Arts and Culture, said that the status of Christians as a minority in the state could be lost if the government does not take action. .
The Swaach Bharat Mission launched by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and many other sanitation issues were also explained during his speech.
Modi, 68, was sworn in by President Ram Nath Kovind.
Kitbhahki Lyngdoh, son of Deimonlang Lyngdoh, resident of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, passed away on 23/01/2
Gunai Taisik scored the third goal for Arunachal Pradesh in the 54th minute while Makrisha Songthiang scored the third goal for Meghalaya.
Many banks, central and state government offices were closed on Friday, the second day of the lockdown.
“We are pleased that the government should remove the 7th Mer Weighbridge and the one at Byndihati because they should be only at the Exit Point like the rest of India,” said the JHCMA. :Six years after the death of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, the President of the HSPDP unit, Nongstoin, today passed away. the day of the 10th anniversary of the death of Maieid.
First he will pretend to be the Messiah (Christ), “He shall enter into the glorious land (Israel) and shall destroy many nations” (Daniel 11:41).
The DSEOs should no longer prevent female teachers from applying for maternity leave but should forward it to the Education Department.
The NCM, which launched on 1st July, 2023, is in response to the illegal implementation of the New Education Policy (NEP) 2020, especially in relation to the Fourth Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP).
Jowai, July 14: The JHADC today elected Arborhima Darnei, MDC from Saipung as the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
He also slammed the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma for being biased and ready to punish others if they do wrong but does nothing for the people.
The office bearers of the RBYF Nongmawlong Unit include Headingroy Lyngdoh as President, Bonny Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Shinning Nongbet as Vice President and many others.
That is why I always say that the people of Delhi should understand the issues related to the rule of law in relation to the various states of the North East,” he said.
Tura, March 3: The Working President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Deborah Marak today said that she is ready to take action to fight as much as possible to bring back Dr Mukul Sangma. The Congress party, if it gets the permission of the AICC leadership.
He said that the MDA government is still working hard to curb the spread of Covid-1
It can be eaten in many forms such as edamame, tofu, miso, tempeh, milk, or protein powder.
West Bengal are second with four points behind West Bengal with seven points and are at the top of the table and have also qualified for the semi-finals of the tournament. Meghalaya will have to return home.
On the occasion, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the government will take action to complete the poor houses in Umbuda, which is one of the long pending projects in the area.
The earthquake struck 71 kilometers east of Tura, Meghalaya.
We have no right to expect others to donate their land for the improvement of roads and paths when we ourselves cannot.
However, Bah Adelbert Nongrum did not agree to do so.
Mairang Presbyterian HSS beat Nilwagre SS 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
However, I appeal to the residents to take responsibility to maintain peace and order in the city and let us work together to eradicate corruption in the working of the Government and khadar administration and especially to eliminate thefts and conflicts between a few selfish merchants, rulers and Government officials.
Syrian authorities said on Thursday that 23 Syrian soldiers were killed after members of the Islamic State (IS) militant group blew up a military bus. security forces at the scene.
“We are not against the measures taken to improve education at the district or state levels as a whole, but we are against the use and implementation of the Website/App that It is owned and managed by a private company and not by the State Government Education Department.
“If others win, it will be a great loss for the state and the people.
Because he was strong, brave and skilled in warfare, they found it difficult to kill him, so they sought a trick and found a way to kill him peacefully.
“We will say this because their farmland is far from the village and they have to walk for 2 hours. Not only that, we have to pay daily wages to the people from cleaning, harvesting to The transportation of the synsar on difficult roads, until they reach the places where they can sell the synsar, counting all the costs, has been a huge loss. “We don't have enough money to pay for all the bills and we don't get anything else according to the price of synsar this year,” said the farmers.
It is learned that the suspect started the crime two years ago when he first raped his sister who was 15 years old. This work lasted for about 2 years.
Speaking on Tuesday, Bah Rowel, who left the Congress after being unhappy with the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, admitted that the National People's Party (NPP) will emerge as a party. The Congress is the strongest party in the state.
He said that the state will continue to make efforts to increase the employment opportunities for the youth in the tourism sector in the state.
In the tied ball, Lerry scored 51 runs from 49 balls with two sixes and many fours.
In the Under-14 men's category, East Garo Hills beat East Khasi Hills 0-7 goals, West Garo Hills beat West Khasi Hills 2-2 Hills beat South Garo Hills 2-1 and Ri-Bhoi beat West Jaintia Hills 2-1
Therefore, the DC said that to avoid any danger to the passengers and passengers passing through the bridge, it has been decided to close all buses and other heavy vehicles. to pass through the Wah Umngi Bridge.
He refused to attend the hearing, but his wife, Linda Cristina Pereyra, stood up and tried to condemn her husband and his lifestyle.
The church, the square, the school were destroyed and others".
In the first leg of the tournament, Dulong SC beat Demthring SC 3-1 goals. Dao Chwa Shylla scored two goals for Dulong SC. & 16th minute and Wallam Peace Suting in the 68th minute.
On this day (02-02-2020), no less than 10 lakh people came to climb and witness the climb to this mountain.
He also thanked all those who have donated and asked all to keep him in their prayers.
Reliance Industries Limited has conducted a public driving awareness campaign from 11th July 2024 to 31st July 2024 in the North East.
Zenith M Sangma recalled what he had said on other schemes in the House in the recent Synrai Session, where he said that as a party we cannot just watch. He said that the law has a long hand and these people cannot escape from it. It is on this basis that the Congress party demands that an inquiry should be sent to the CBI. This is a scam because the tender should have been done by all of them, many suppliers should have been allowed to participate in the tender. There will be no question on the expenditure of T.36 crore.
DESCEOUS POHSHNA (INC) – 45274.
From Bimola Point to Mawlong Market and Metor area, no vehicles will be allowed to park, said Bah NK Syiem, MPS.
In the presence of tens of thousands of people from Muthlong village under the Seiñ Raij Muthlong who have returned to the Khasi religion after their mistake, tens of thousands of people from the Seiñ Raij departments were awarded prizes. different.
At the same time, he taught the children not to do everything but to be self-confident, to have a strong mind with a strong mind so that they can reach their goal. they plan and succeed in every way.
He said that in this election, the NPF has the hope of winning from 12 or 15 constituencies.
It was found that in the cemeteries, there were various inscriptions, drawings of the body and also, that there were bottles of kyiad and burning phna trees, in these cemeteries.
Furthermore, the union said that from time to time they have demanded and complied in relation to the entry of foreigners, so while the government has not been able to enforce strong laws. who protect the people in the state, has not yet completed the railway line.
Since the security by members who are divided into groups according to the times.
“Therefore, on July 5, all shops will be closed and all vehicles of market vendors from different parts of Ri Khasi will have to stop coming on that day,” he said.
Conrad was welcomed by senior NPP leaders who gathered in front of the Deputy Commissioner's office in Tura at 1.30 pm.
In fact, the actions of the mother of James and John were justified because she loved her children especially.
R.D.Siang shai, in the past few days, they have visited the SSA (LP School) at Kong ong, Wapung Shnong and found many things that are still missing in this school. which have caused problems not only to the students but also to the teachers as well as the school authorities.
He said that about 10 lakh people in the state will be affected by the coal mining ban.
To decide or issue a decree from the king's household is not permissible. To decide or issue a decree from the household of the king is not permissible.
He said that the UDP welcomes all to apply for tickets from different constituencies, but he stressed that no one can buy tickets from the UDP because the party is running. according to its constitutions.
“I will win many medals, as long as I live I will win medals,” she said on Tuesday after returning from Poland.
However, he suddenly passed away on 20th June, a month before the polling day and the polling had to be cancelled.
The people of Hynniewtrep together with the leaders of these organizations have laid flowers at the monuments erected in different places.
Ampareen Lyngdoh chairperson after the meeting there was a good discussion and everyone gave their opinions and not all those opinions were agreed upon by all the political parties.
The CE said that the work will start and the tender will end on 11th June.
BDR Tiwari, Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya and Chief Electoral Officer of the Government of Meghalaya were also present as the Chief Guest.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced a special economic and comprehensive package of Rs 20 crore equivalent to about 10% of GDP.
The implementation, in many different areas of economic development, whether it is education, health or sports, is the government's desire to improve and develop the it is a part of the daily life of the villagers.
Speaking to media, Divenson said that in the coming months the Election Commission will implement the Model Code of Conduct.
The two factories have also donated Rs 25 lakh to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund of the Government of Assam and Rs 25 lakh to the Government of West Bengal.
P.C where it is prohibited from unlawfully using injurious weapons and ammunition or carrying injurious weapons such as sticks, stones and other objects likely to cause injury to persons or any interference or interference with traffic or disrupt a public meeting, which will be held on this day.
She also urged those who are old enough to get vaccinated to protect themselves as well as their relatives and the community.
They also said that they are not against holding the festival to worship the tree or honor the Japanese flower, but they are against holding it on Sunday, because it is the day when Christians worship. holy and clean.
He said the main purpose of the Education Commission is to advise the Government of Meghalaya on issues related to the payment of salaries of schools, the management of schools, the availability of school management authorities and as well as the work of the heat and the light.
BSF today seized 15 cows which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh from Muktapur, West Jaintia Hill. was able to escape.
“The letter to the unions was sent on Friday.
Therefore, the union has unanimously held an emergency meeting on the 22nd of this month to pray for those women who have been victimized by these criminals.
What was done wrong by the Hynniewtrep leaders at the time of Meghalaya, we must correct now immediately and not continue.
Then there is the Umit River with a beautiful and long Patharsynke Valley and if there is a road, many people want to go to this valley.
The ANCA was formed to demand money and to buy weapons from Dimapur, where Amar Sangma @ Amar Thapa said that without weapons, no one can pay money to any group.
It may be recalled that in the past few months, the KSU Narpuh Circle together with the land owners have stopped the signboard erection because the company has not paid compensation to the land owners. The crops were damaged during the implementation of the project.
The VC in relation to the discussion agreed with the demand of the Seng and promised that the NEHU will give special opportunity to the Khasi students who apply for the These posts are different and cannot meet the requirements of NEHU.
In the match, Kiang Nangbah Govt.
“It is not easy to dig up the bodies that are still standing in the area. We are still asking for equipment from the central government and this equipment is also able to provide air and in this way we can dig them up. Negi, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Uttarkhand, said:
According to him, it is sad to see that Jowai, which is the commercial hub of the district, has to go through this problem.
The Megha Kayak Festival will start on the 13th and end on the 16th of March
The EM of KHADC, u KHADC, said that many of the quarries in the Killing area have not received the permission of the District Council, but have been used. The NOC has been issued by the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages where these quarries are located, but they have left the KHADC and this has caused a huge loss to the Revenue Department of the KHADC. He said that during the inspection by the EM of KHADC of 12 quarries in Killing area, it was found that only the quarry belongs to Bah Khrik Lyngkhoi which has received permission from the KHADC. All of them have been illegally established without the knowledge of the KHADC and what is more surprising is that many of these quarries have been owned by foreigners.
Speaking on the occasion, u War explained in detail about the cleanliness.
In the incident, one youth identified as Sunil Deka died on the spot and another youth identified as Bidut Bordoloi sustained serious injuries. and he smote the two men.
It is unfortunate that the District Head Quarter has various Government offices, SBI, UBI and others, but the State Bank of India does not have a single ATM machine. “The area and the people have to go to Ladrymbai to withdraw money only to withdraw money for urgent needs,” said Streamly Niangti.
The main issue is that the works should go on and then the traffic by the villagers, neighboring villages and Khasi Khara, or the villagers, should not be blocked and In this way, shops will have food vendors, jhur vendors, buyers, nightclubs, residents, housekeepers, mystery and entertainment venues. go and sit down and so on.
Warjri is a 1978 batch of Indian Administrative Service (IAS).
The lack of salary for nearly 10 years has upset the employees of MCCL which has put them in difficulty to provide for their families and needs.
Shillong, Nailur 30: More than 200 residents of Maweitnam village, Mylliem, East Khasi Hills District have benefited from the Free Medical Checkup organized by the BJP State Mahila Morcha on the 23rd of this month. .
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that this day will also be the day when the NPP has laid the ribbon as a sign of the beginning of the MP election campaign. The NPP, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the NPP will start campaigning in all districts from tomorrow to campaign for the candidate.
The current result should therefore shock the parents, the youth of the country and should also advise the civil society groups to allow the students, that they should study and not be too involved in other activities which interfere with their education.
At the same time, the FKJGP urges all political parties who will attend the meeting tomorrow to take responsibility that the tarajur should not be biased,” said the statement.
People can get complete information about the condition of schools, buildings, teachers, their ranks, and so on just by clicking on the computer keyboard.
“This proposal has been accepted by the Cabinet after careful discussion,” she said.
The General Manager of the RBI also praised Hunbait Chullet for setting up a small factory to produce musli musla especially Shynrai Lakadong and Sying along with others including Chaw and baby food.
Shillong, July 22 : Don't come to fight politics, Ministers and leaders of the BJP when the state is facing the natural disasters.
He said that this is the time for us to use our power to bring about change through getting leaders who can achieve those aspirations.
The SLPGC through its effectiveness will be the authority of the government to carry out the work related to the problems of the people.
The residents of Pdeng village also expressed their gratitude to God for the survival of two children, one 12 years old and one 13 years old, who were on board the boat when the Phukan fell from the boat. “We don't know how these children can jump to one side, of course all the children, both boys and girls, can jump but we don't think they can save themselves at the scene of the incident,” he said. said B.Syngkrem, Rangbah Shnong of the village.
Shillong, Lber 26: The KSU Laskein Circle has demanded that the state government should immediately appoint teachers at Mynksan Govt.
According to the VJD method, Meghalaya won the match by 33 runs.
In Zone 1 Group B, East Khasi Hills Cricket Association will face West Jaintia Hills DCA and in Zone 2, North Garo Hills DCA will face Now.
India's leading badminton player PV Sindhu and leading singles player HS Prannoy have continued to raise the tricolor flag of the country in the singles category despite Kidambi Srikanth's defeat. Badminton Asia Championships 2023 has been eliminated in the pre-quarterfinals.
Speaking to reporters, the drivers of the area, who did not want to be named, expressed their concern over the maintenance of the road. They are not satisfied with this method of maintenance of the road which is very slow.
Sohbar together with the residents of the area urged the bank to fight to provide 500 and 100 notes and other necessities so that it will be peaceful and beneficial. to the public.
Any State/Department of the Seng Khasi which intends to celebrate the 121st Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem on 23rd November 2020 with any programs shall apply for permission from the Deputy Commissioners of the State/ The Khasi Seng branch of them.
He said that these people illegally collect money from coal trucks coming from West Khasi Hills to Assam.
Since ancient times, the children of the Bri U Hynniewtrep have exported silver, rice and ngap to northern Assam and have close trade relations with Bangladesh.
Adelbert Nongrum, CEM KHADC, said that the meeting was held after receiving information that the issue has been included as one of the issues to be discussed in the Parliament.
Shillong: Although the struggle for the introduction of administrator rule in the KHADC has been going on for two months, it has not yet succeeded.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : Ryntih SC beat Lajong FC 3-0 in the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
The indefinite strike called by the JAC has reached its third day today and this has affected the smooth running of the school including the activities related to the school. read the book young.
The BSF truck belongs to the 1st Battalion of the BSF, headquartered in Tura.
At the end of the day, all politicians are the same.
A source from the village said that these vehicles were seized at 2 pm after a night search after receiving complaints that a group of people were involved in theft and robbery. looting on the NH-06 highway.
Answering a question by Bah M Nongrem and Bah A Nongrum regarding the post of Syiem in the Mawsynram Hima, Bah KP Pangniang EM in charge of Elaka Affairs said that the it is the truth that this kingdom has received a full King.
“We demand that the government should pay compensation of T.10 lakh to the families of the victims,” said James K Sangma.
Earlier, Bah Batskhem said that as a resident of Mawsynram, he has been involved in politics for a long time and he has already contested the MDC election in 2014 on the UDP ticket. lost.
He said that the people from the DC office have accepted only the Epic and Driving License and this will also put at risk as foreigners will be able to enter the country without any proof of identity. trai ri trai country.
Therefore, as a nation, we should no longer accept the discrimination of foreigners who want to divide us as a nation,” he added.
:The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, has expressed the need to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
He said that as a leader of the people, he hopes that the government will pay more attention to the education of the youth. The Medical College in Ri Bhoi District, which is one of the Aspirational Districts, has been established in Ri Bhoi District, but the sad thing is that many people have alleged that this is just a call in the wilderness. He also asked for the support of the people of the state.
Conrad said the implementation of this grant will be done by the Governing Body headed by the Minister of Forests and through the Executive Committee.
“She said that the State President has appointed her as the President of the BJP State Women's Morcha and the State Women's Morcha Executive Committee has been appointed by her in consultation with the office bearers as stipulated in the constitution. The party's activities are not as alleged by Bah HM Shangpliang.
However, it is often the case that we and those who have enjoyed freedom in their countries do not appreciate its value, while those who have not enjoyed freedom long for it and understand its value better.
Hearing the government's order that children under the age of 14 years should not be forced to work under the provisions of the Juvenile Act, but what has the government done to many of those street children who are alive? in the cleansing of the tin jot and the garbage from the threshing floor.
Unfortunately for the demanders of this important issue, in their own state and nation, those who do not like to speak in their own language at home or in their neighborhood because they are more comfortable speaking in their own language. English and Khalish and others 'ish' until others had to say 'shish'
The leaders said that the meeting was to discuss other important and necessary issues, after the youths under this flag have been appointed in various departments of the government. the Government within the District.
Therefore, the believers and church leaders are urged to take action so that the children of the church will not be misled.
The body was first found by one of the guards inside the factory, where he found that the man, identified as Ramprasad Neogi, was lying dead inside a chair. the deceased had marks of injury on the head.
Many of these meetings have been held starting in Assam and then spreading to other parts of the North East like Tripura, Mizoram, Sikkim and now Meghalaya.
MegARISE is another project to protect water wells or streams that are in danger and is one of the projects to implement the State Water Policy.
The meeting was conducted by Pator Raymond Nartiang.
'God now commandeth all men every where to repent' Acts 17:30-3
The EM of KHADC said that the price of one shop is T.5000 tyngka each.
Shillong: 29 new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Shillong; There are 24 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said, “The issuance of 500 and 1000 notes is incompetent, and will increase corruption in the country and cannot be prevented. fake money".
