Regarding the market, the Minister has called a meeting with the CEM of KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to suggest that they should introduce a proper management system for the market. The state government can only appoint a veterinary doctor to look after the cows at this place.
It is understood that in the mid-term elections in Chokpot, the party candidate Phillipole Marak will still be able to contest on the Kitab ticket.
No one was injured in the incident, but the vehicle was badly damaged.
The Ministers' resignation came after allegations that the market has been held for 10 days in the market which used to be held once a month only on the first day of the month.
Police are preparing to prosecute the suspect according to the law for his violation of the law in this incident, with the intention of taking the lives of these three people in this incident. day.
Earlier this month, the scientists led by Maninder Agrwal, professor of computer science and engineering, IIT Kanpur, said that the rapid spread of the disease would be between June 2021, but this did not happen.
According to the decision of the Umwai Dorbar Shnong issued on 19th November, 1999, the appointment of Acting Sirdar in Umwai Village should be held by the Dorbar Shnong and approved by the Dorbar Shnong. the people who sat in the assembly.
Sidia Sister, Cherrapunjee, Sd.
There was no General Ward, Private Ward or Deluxe Ward.
However, through this scheme, mothers do not have to leave their children alone if there is no one to look after them at home as the transit home has enough space for the children and guardians.
“In this regard, I suggest to the government to introduce the necessary amendments to the Meghalaya Minor Mineral Concession Rules (MMCR), 2016 to resolve the problems faced by the people and the village authorities such as the Dorbar Shnong, VEC and others. and also to ensure that the people who rely on quarrying, shyiap for income will not be affected,” said Bah TW Chyne CEM KHADC. ), (iv), (vi), (vii), to amend Rule 6, clause (e) after sub-clause (vii), to amend Rule 24, clause (d) after sub-clause (vii), to add the words of clause (viii).
Shylla said that Dr. Don is afraid of being defeated in Shella constituency and that is why he wants to join hands to ensure his victory in 2018, “The decision of “It is not for the state as a whole but for my own benefit,” said Bah Shylla, referring to Bah Ardent. He said that until 2016, Bah Ardent has been preaching around the country to strengthen the country. “But after the mid-term MDC elections, the HSPDP came in fourth place. Ardent was also shocked and afraid and changed his mind to find friends before the election, but earlier he said that he doesn't want to find friends before the election, but only after the election. " said Mr. Shylla.
The KJP Assembly also requested the Chief Ministers of Manipur, Mizoram, Assam and Meghalaya to work together to bring peace.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 44 new cases have been confirmed and 296 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
This is the wonder of the struggling spirit of man.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHBSRA) has decided to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws 2021 after consultation with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHBSRA). Urban Development Department of the State Government.
This time, many houses have been erected on the football ground and the area on the football ground will be turned into a market where there will be sales of traditional items and traditional food. different.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 69358 out of which 63450 have recovered and 1174 have died.
The RJD will contest in 23 constituencies.
Regarding the number of men and women who have been able to work in urban and rural areas who are now included in the unemployed category, according to the PLFS 2020-21 in rural areas there are 4570 males and 4570 in rural areas. There are 6192 women in urban areas, 2668 women in rural areas and 7532 women in urban areas, bringing the total to 20,9
Furthermore, whether it is in terms of the budget involved in the tournament, the participation of world-class athletes or the presence of the media to cover the games around the world. , the tournament remains unparalleled when compared to other T20 Leagues around the world.
Germany has been investigating the murder of a 100-year-old German woman for two days.
There were hundreds of people watching the incident, but no one helped.
The suspect was identified as Niranjan Malakar of Dubi Malipara village in Bajali district of Assam.
And straightway all they that heard it were amazed, and came to her house.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to close down all shops in Laitumkhrah.
Speaking to reporters after the launch of the Lyer Shet Scheme for the Poor in Shillong, Rajen Gohain said the central government does not want to stop the construction of the railway line but If there is a problem, it is the responsibility of the State Government to negotiate.
The Union Minister was accompanied by BJP members, Michael Kharsyntiew, MLA candidate from North Shillong Constituency, General Secretary of BJP Meghalaya Clarence. Nongbet, State Vice President Bah David Kharsati and others.
“We should no longer give the power and rule to parties from other states or the key to the house, but this is the time for the people to understand clearly that the UDP is a party. They said that the UDP party is the party of the people and has the desire to continue to bring about the welfare and benefit of the people and the development of the country as a whole. They also said that 2023 will be the year when the UDP party will rule the state.
Of course we have seen that violence against women has always happened and we have taken steps on this,” Sangma told reporters on Thursday.
BJP spokesperson Sudhanshu Trivedi said the Congress party has alleged that even its leaders have never visited the museum to see the contribution and hard work of Jawaharlal Nehru and of his successors were able to do even better by adopting new technologies.
We have not forgotten that in 1974, a Dkhar Naxalite was arrested from Laban who had been wanted by the Government of West Bengal for a long time.
I put my hope in Him whose hand is tomorrow (Isaiah 41:10).
On the other hand, these people and the owner of the house, said that although they have lodged many complaints with the police but it has been in vain because there is no action.
The topics discussed at the meeting were MCH, National Vector Borne Diseases Control Programme, Community Processes, Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana (PMMVY), Comprehensive Primary Health Care programme, National Progamme for control of Diabetes, Cancer and Stroke (NPCDCS), National Baby Health Program (RBSK), Rashritya Kishore Health Program, IDSP, NTEP, NLCP, NTCP, NOHP, NPPCD, UDID, JSSK, CM MotherOCSO scheme, other other.
Earlier, Home Minister Amit Shah had told Conrad that he would convene another meeting with the MDA government leaders after the MLA elections in Delhi. on the 8th.
Shillong, Lber 20: It has been a bad year for the tyrpad farmers this year and the reason for the heavy rainfall and drought has continued since November until the past few days.
Without fail you can reach the bottomless pit.
This was announced by Rgh S.Sari, Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang.
Mr Prestone, we believe you understand that the main question is how the Government (and previous governments) have not found traces of the virus since it started entering.
Soon after, the union under the leadership of the President of the District, Bah Yoomiki Kyndait, immediately went to meet the DC on 27th November 2019 to lodge a complaint against the plan of the company.
Furthermore, the union has warned all the foreigners working at the toll gates of the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) not to harass and exploit the toll gates. These foreigners do not listen to this warning, the party has vowed to take strong action.
They don't count the tymbuiñ If you wait or wadooh In front of everyone I jooh.
At the same time, it encourages the members of this Committee with the hope that they will be able to bring about changes that will promote unity and harmony between the Khasi and Garo peoples.
According to the leaders of the union, the Ranikor River has started to change color since November 2016 when it turned from blue to blue.
Jowai: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District has banned all mining vehicles from parking all night along the road from Lad-Bakur to Tamabil. region.
The recipients of the Governor Police Medals, 2023 are Additional Superintendent of Police Shabbir Sayeed Dkhar, Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSB) Vincent Nengminza Sangma, UBSI Bah Ïailamlang, Iongi Jyrwa. Sean Stanford Lywait, WPSI Renu D Momin, Major Mewan Roy Pakma, Major Amplias Synnah, Alphonse Lyngdoh of BN/975 and Pyarson R Marak Fireman.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time. they will all stand at least a meter apart in a row.
The death toll from the coronavirus in China has risen to 361, with 57 deaths on Sunday alone and 17,205 confirmed cases so far. people, according to a Chinese government statement.
Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang congratulated Dahun Shisha Lyngdoh for passing and becoming the top prize in the Meghalaya Civil Services (MCS) examination announced by the Meghalaya Public Service Commission. (MPSC) on the 29th of this month.
They demanded that the KHADC through the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum should return their money and they understood that through the expenditure of shops that are still there and those that are being built newly, they will not be able to open at all. shuh only the owner's spirit.
He said that the floods have also caused the loss of livestock and a huge loss in these houses.
On the other hand, Bah HK Thabah ADC, praised and congratulated the teachers, without them, the community, the state and the society would not be like this.
“This government does not believe in the development in Garo Hills,” he said.
This innovative system will ensure that all supplies reach the health facilities without any disruption.
“Are there any other parties that will win to resolve the border issue, it is only the NPP and I promise that if they are allowed again in 2023, we will find ways and means to resolve the border issue so that we can get “It's a good idea to live in peace and harmony especially those who live on the border,” said Conrad.
Bah Aiburom received T.8,000 in cash.
“Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who was summoned to appear before the Court for the hearing, was accompanied by members of the Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) who waited outside the court while the hearing was held. Adelbert is still playing chess.
The 53 meter bridge was constructed jointly by the three Village Employment Councils (VECs) of Nongbah, Marshillong and Jashiar, and was completed within three months.
Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them.
Shillong, November 15: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has thrown the table while Bah Carmel Sohtun has thrown the report of the Delimitation Committee. bring it to the council.
However, it was important to remember that if parents and families do not take this aspect seriously to give time and teach their children values, they will not be able to learn externally in terms of and this, for it is true that goodness begins in the household.
The meeting was held on the lack of cooperation between the people and the village leaders to prevent the spread of covid 19, which has caused difficulties for the police of Saitsama to curb the spread of covid fight against covid –
I also express my gratitude to all the members of this honorable House who have appointed me to take up this post,” he said.
He recalled that the arrest of members of the party in the past months after they were accused of beating and disturbing the market vendors. They also opposed the members of the party who are Khasi women.
After the meeting, the HYC burnt down the tyngshop of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and three government ministers as a sign of protest against the government's decision to pass the VAB. Rowell Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh and Roshan Warjri were the speakers.
The Hynniewtrep was sent to earth but he can still ascend to heaven and descend back to earth as he pleases.
Even the government employees are temporarily suspended, so that the investigation is free...” said Bah Shanbor. “Does that mean we can suspend...” said the Secretary Shnong. “Yes, but in the register of names. the Members there shall not be allowed to sign.
On the other hand, the President of the union said that the new Executive Committee will work hard for the welfare of all truck owners and drivers.
“In an interview with the Deputy CEM, he said that the land registration fees have been increased separately, but regarding the demand for the release of those living on the border, the Dy.CEM said that he shall submit it to the Executive Committee for discussion.
Three of these stones were seen in their own size.
In Group-5, Andaman and Nicobar Islands will play Telangana and Odisha will play Sikkim.
The delegation of the Chief Minister has also sent a petition to the Chief Minister of the country on many issues affecting the state.
The State University will be headquartered in Williamnagar which is the district headquarters of East Garo Hills District in the state of Meghalaya.
Preparations for the tournament will be held in Guwahati from 3rd November to 13th November.
After receiving this information, police conducted a search operation at Lumshnong Police Station and at about 1:20 pm, arrested a youth who was driving a car. earn.
“Therefore, my request to the HNLC leaders is clear, that door is still open and we request them to return to the peace talks,” he said.
For fifty years, Meghalaya has been plagued by problems.
They also reminded that the road has not been started yet because they have not received the NOC from the KHADC. They also alleged that the project will not benefit the people of the area. but it shall be a curse unto them.
Professor Mawkon, Nongjri Pynursla, Meghalaya.
At present, Bah Kharbani said that the people have not been able to recognize those fighters like 'Kiang Nangbah and Tirot Singh' since the state was independent in 1972, but the state has not yet recognized them. There are security laws from the Inner Line Permit (IPL), to the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and the Border which has been completed for 52 years now.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Unitarian Church Madan Laban, today celebrated its 127th Anniversary at Madan Laban, with the presence of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Second Chief Minister.
Corona virus is closely related to tobacco/cigarette/beer smoke.
No application is required to enter or leave this Point.
He said that if they want to talk, they should stop the crime because the government does not want to talk to those who commit illegal activities.
“This will ensure that there is an informed debate on what happens if same-sex marriage is recognized," the Federal Government said.
The purpose of this meeting was to commemorate his service to the State during his tenure as Prime Minister, and as one of those who participated in that period, how to develop the District Council.
The factory, M/s Unique Industry Coke Factory, has received NOC from JHADC since October 2020 to build at Umdeinling within the boundary of Umsatai, Deinsatlang, Ladwahwapung and Pynurkba villages of Rymbai District. .
The meeting was led by Bah Lan Syngkli, President of RBYF 20Circle, Bah Peter Syngkli, Vice-President, Samla Seibor Nongmalieh, General Secretary and others. They started the repair work on the road from early morning and completed the repair work until the evening.
The complainant said that the work on the remaining 41 km has been allocated to seven contractors and said that the construction is not appropriate.
The KSU has taken this step after receiving complaints from the residents that many of the shops are dirty and do not care to clean the food and drink where many times people get sick from eating. They are the ones who buy food from these shops.
The doctor prescribes medicine and they leave.
“The devil and menshohnoh exist but we cannot suspect without seeing the truth,” said Father Sngi.
Regarding the claim of the Minister of Urban Affairs, that only those 342 households will be recognized and most of them are illegal residents in the area and the government will not recognize them at all. Gurujit Singh said that the government itself, through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has said that there are no illegal immigrants among the illegal immigrants. live in that place.
Therefore, while this proposal has not been implemented, it is very important to know clearly and carefully from all sides, because to change the electoral system in the country must be in accordance with the democratic constitution and the common good of all. .
Speaking at the ceremony, the MLA of Jowai, Bah Wailadki Shylla as the chief guest and Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as the MLA who took part in the ceremony, expressed their gratitude to the students of Jirang Constituency has also shown prominence in the field of education and hopes that by holding such an award ceremony it will encourage these students as well as other students of the Constituency and the District as a whole. that they may continue to do well in their studies.
The program was implemented in Jagiroad (Morigaon), Lanka (Nagaon) and Lumshnong (East Jaintia Hills) where many trainees were able to stand on their own feet through sewing.
This infiltration of the authorities led to a strong protest in Assam in 1979-1985 under the leadership of the All Assam Students Union (ASSU) and the All Assam Gana Sangram Parishad (AAGSP). The Government has called for talks with these organizations and signed the Assam Accord on 15.8.1985 between the Central Government, the State Government and these organizations.
The days went by and the days came.
These 17 students are stranded in Mangalore, Kerala, Hyderabad, Delhi and Guwahati.
Speaking to the people, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, promised that if the people really support her and if she wins, she will focus on the area and At the same time, it said that it will work hard to ensure that the villages in the border area with Assam, should be on par with the villages in Assam, which have improved in all aspects. and especially in economic development.
Furthermore, during these times of lockdown, it is only through the media that we can get information about the situation not only in our state, our country but also the events in the whole world.
Therefore, the people of Mylliem constituency should seek clarification from their MLA and also the people of other constituencies should seek clarification from the MLAs in power.
The HITO on July 9 held a public meeting at Umsning Market to clarify the speech of Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh at a public meeting on July 6 at Umsaitsning.
The group has traveled to Spain and Germany for 10 months.
In West Khasi Hills, the Nongthliew Stadium has been improved at a cost of T.15 lakh, in West Garo Hills, the AGillanggre Stadium has been improved at a cost of T.12 lakh. T.7 lakh to the field.
P.S.please read the book “Ri Khasi ba nga ieit” Part I (The dangers) for more information on the dangers of environmental degradation.
The team also recovered personal items and bank documents from the residences of Poonia, Lawmkung and Nabakishore.
Thus, gradually changes will lead to hope for society, if future generations can fall to their roots and rise according to the demands of the times.
“There are up to 18 acres of land belonging to the Forest Department which the EAC intends to seize and if they continue to attack we will not allow.
“The lack of adequate drainage system causes the water to flow directly on the road and this also causes the damage to the road. Small vehicles, including commercial vehicles and private vehicles, need to pass through this national highway,” said the statement.
The match was reduced to 12 overs per side due to weather conditions. The match was reduced to 12 overs per side.
no.8575625050, James Marbaniang Bynther Ph.
Shubham Sanu, Head of BIS, explained about BIS, how it works and other initiatives, gave information about the BIS Care App and BIS Quality Connect App especially to the students, during this session. The first welcome speech was delivered by Rimiki Lada Nonghuloo.
When asked about the implementation of Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT), Paswan said it is up to the state government to implement it.
The meeting was attended by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Ministers of the Hima, Village Leaders, Superintendent of Fisheries, Bah ER Laloo, Fishery Officer. JL Nonglait, fishermen of the area and others.
Otherwise, gradually these Khasi Hills will be filled with foreigners and that is where our nation will disappear from the face of the earth while God is still preserving this Earth.
According to sources, during the meeting, they expressed their dissatisfaction with the forced announcement by the BJP leadership in Delhi of the name of Ma Shibun Lyngdoh as the new President of the party. They also expressed their regret that the Delhi authorities have not met with them who are the elected leaders according to the BJP constitution. choose only the electoral route as always.
Chasing 165 runs, St. Anthony's College, Shillong failed to reach the target and managed to reach 141 runs at the end of 20 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
Another memorable performance was his leading the Indian team at the Melbourne Olympics, where India beat Australia 4-2 in the 2013 World Cup. They didn't reach the quarterfinals.
He said that all four of them have received the mining lease and they have to do state clearance such as Environmental Clearance, Pollution Board and there will also be public consultation. hearing) and other matters within the jurisdiction of the State Government.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng : The District Agriculture Officer East Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the KVK as well as other departments, such as ATMA and Veterinary Department, recently this month conducted a programme. The program was aimed at achieving the target of the Central Government to double the income of farmers in Thuruk village under Saipung C&RD Block. until the year
According to a statement from the president of the Marngar Kur, Charles Marngar is the candidate for the Congress MDC election from Mawhati constituency.
This death of plants and animals also makes the soil suitable for planting, because it makes it fertile and fertile.
He begins to erase and destroy what happened in the past and forcibly exalts the country by encouraging the rich to dominate the poor.
The decision was taken after the request of various religious groups to allow marriage ceremonies to be performed inside places of worship.
The riewsaid was arrested by the police.
To fight against this disease we need to follow the protocols issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to avoid public gatherings as much as possible, to go outside only if we need to. , we should wash our hands before working and after working, wear masks and so on.
This is a communication from the family.
Lamare Blood Relation Group Thank you very much for your kindness and support. Thank you very much for your support.
Thus, this insect can be killed by burning small fires in the fields; this insect turns to these fires and thus burns itself.
The EBFR 1873 in Garo Hills was passed by the British Government of India in the Repealing Act
He also honored Stripleaseman Mylliem, from Mawsain, who received the Uttar Jeevan Raksha Padak Award from the President of the country, for his bravery in rescuing his sister. straight.
Speaking to reporters, Samla A.Dkhar Disciplinary Secretary of the union, said that the failure of the contractor to complete the bridge has embarrassed not only the PWD but also the government.
This is a statement from the leaders of the Nongpoh Area Women Welfare Association.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: The two-day Lakhym Pong Festival, organized by the Raid Thadrang, was held on the 23rd and 24th of June,
We would have appreciated if these permanent waitlists were immediately set up within the blocks and villages.
The United States has done its utmost to provide substantial support to Ukraine since the beginning of Russia's invasion and has also done its utmost to send military aid as part of the to empower Ukraine to defend its own borders and to regain all its rightful territories that have been occupied and occupied by in Russia.
During his visit to Delhi, Pynshngain also met with other Congress AICC leaders to discuss the bill and to explain the plight of Rangbah Shnongs these days.
According to videos and photos circulated on social media, people have been seen leaving their homes and gathering on the streets and in safe places for fear of the earthquake. he may be as strong as he was in Syria last month.
Dr. Khongwir said this would be good news for the sportsmen in Meghalaya if they get injured at any time and those who have reached the end of the road.
In the second match, Pdengkarong Utd beat Amlarem Social Club by a tie-breaker.
In Shillong, the number of voters is more than one fourth of the foreigners.
The Wrestling Federation of India (WWF) elections have been postponed to 11th November after a complaint was received regarding the inclusion of the name of President Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh's brother-in-law in the list. voters for the union.
Furthermore, all shops, offices and banks in Umthlong Village will be closed immediately and anyone who violates this order will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the IPC.U. The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 17th June, 2021 has informed that the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mairang Branch has been opened from Tuesday.
During the meeting, the KHNAM leaders and other MDCs urged the Governor not to blindly accept the Bill that the KHADC will submit to him because the public hearing will not be held. The division of constituencies was done without following the proper rules.
Dhar said the stadium has been built specifically for the benefit of all the residents and he hopes that the celebration after his victory will be at the stadium which has already completed 90 percent of the work.
He said that recently 10 members of the KSU have been summoned before the police without any reason and when the leaders left, they found that the reason for the summons was because of the instigation of the BJP government in Delhi. The BJP office in Shillong was hit by a petrol bomb.
Meghalaya coach Ian Vincent said that these two youngsters are those whom he has trained in the Umtrew River and he is happy that Pynshngain has been able to play. They won the silver medal in the Khelo India tournament.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Dolloi has paid tribute to Rgh.Kulam Nongrum, President of the Sengbah. Nongshat Nongkhein, Hynniewtrep, on the 11th of July 2017, from home to the place of worship.
The tournament started on Thursday at Rangpo, Sikkim.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the football ground in Riangdo is important not only for the residents of Riangdo, but also for the neighboring villages. this village.
Urge the Shnong authorities to take action on this issue.
“You are God” Matthew 3:1
“The government should stop entering, and we will soon send a letter,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
The GNLA has recently released an explanation from the police on a tip that there is an intention to revive the GNLA. However, it collapsed after the arrest of Champion R Sangma, former leader of the group, and the death of Sohan D Shira, Commander-in-Chief, in a shootout with police in on the 24th of June,
“After the completion of the DPR, the central government will approve the cost to pay to the company to build the road,” he said.
These youths who came to participate came after a search for talents through the Soft Skills and Talent Identification Program under Aspire Meghalaya.
The group also condemned the Secretary of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association, Bah Defender Lamare, who alleged that the President of the MSSSA is an agent of the MDA government. If you do not prove this, you must apologize within 10 days, otherwise you will appeal to the court.
While Rama Rao was greeting and shaking hands with the people, on the other side of the road, the driver of the vehicle, braked and this caused the vehicle to stop suddenly and the minister to turn over. and fall in front of the car.
He said that the MDA government will last until the end of the five-year term on the basis that they all cooperate and the Prime Minister also gives freedom according to their powers.
When the land is divided, there shall be no difference in religion, way of life or dress, but if there is a need for unity, the song shall be divided into the following parts:-(1)Ka Nam Khasi lane ki nong Meghalaya :When you leave the state, you should say that you are a Khasi from Meghalaya or Shillong and you speak Hindi.
Shillong, July 19: The natural disasters in Meghalaya during the rainy season which started on 1st June, 2022 have affected the people of Meghalaya.
“This is a very sensitive matter.
"“It's okay, it's okay, I agree," said the voice of the crowd.
According to a complaint sent by BJP State Secretary Keshavaprasad on 9th January, there was an allegation of 40 percent corruption before the end of the elections. Assembly.
The following are the recommendations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare: Wear a mask.
The report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has found that the revenue related to sales and trade from the Excise Department, vehicles, forest products and other external revenues has been lost by about T. 1,358.47 crore in 2020-21 and T.358.08 crore in 2021-22 which is 52.33 per cent and 12.68 per cent of the revenue to be generated respectively.
When they both arrived, they went in together.
“Two people were injured and two complaints were lodged.
The railway project in Khasi-Jaintia Hills has faced obstacles due to opposition from various groups including political parties.
Speaking at the meeting after being elected as the candidate, Savio promised to work hard for the promotion of a clean democracy and to continue to work hard for the future. for the aspirations of the people including good health, social welfare, better education and income from jobs that sustain the poor.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: A top um of Lafarge Mining Company at Tyrkan, Shella has collapsed on Saturday morning. Prakash Yadav (55 years old) died.
Awards were also presented to the students who have passed the Secondary School Leaving Certificate and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate.
On the one hand, we can be proud of the Name that has fallen into this Heritage along with the Heritage that is associated with it.
Conrad said the notification to appoint Metbah Lyngdoh as chairman of the MSPB will be issued today.
Police have taken possession of the body to comply with the requirements of the law.
Dr. Rijal said that the government will not use the seeds to distribute seeds but will send money to them and they will have to buy their own seeds.
The KHADC is now preparing to restructure the 29 constituencies as some are too small and some are too large so that the distribution of assistance will not be biased.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar laid the foundation stone of the Ayush Hospital at Mookyndur, West Jaintia Hills on 24th June.
Shillong: The DWSC of Dangar (Balat) has started the Subroto Cup Football Tournament in Delhi after beating Brajbhoomi International School 2-2 , Gujarat, in the Group H match, which was held on Tuesday in Delhi.
Conrad said the state government has been able to persuade and request Amit Shah to accept only the petitions of the state including the Inner Liner Permit (ILP), to to include the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution, to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
According to information received, the government employees had taken a decision from Mukul's meeting with the Rangbah Shnong on the 10th but after the meeting, the government employees were still waiting for the decision. to come out later and they haven't railed yet.
Up to six people have lost their lives and many have suffered serious injuries, and are still in critical condition at Jowai and Shillong Hospitals.
Meanwhile, RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat, who is close to the BJP, said recently in Shillong that all Indians are Hindus.
Shillong: The State Government today, 24th June 2021, after holding a meeting under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Government has decided to The Government has decided to deliver food items to those who are self-isolating in their own homes or micro-containment areas who do not need to go to health centers and who do not need to go to isolation centres. to their homes in order to provide comfort to those who are quarantined and at the same time to prevent the spread of the disease eastwards.
The village authority will hold an emergency meeting today to find ways and means to provide temporary assistance to the household, said Micky Lyngdoh General Secretary Tuber Kmaishnong.
The four candidates include Johnwell Momin (professional category), Jonathan Ïawphniaw (amateur), Daphisha Phanbuh Shullai (professional) and Teesta Rawat (amateur).
They also requested the government to provide generators to speed up the work of children between 0-6 years.
The children of the deceased were pleased with this comforting visit of Bah Sokon.
Therefore, make the most of this time with your children by teaching and encouraging them in any activities that will build their future.
Slander, greed, selfishness, jealousy, selfishness, and selfishness are all things that are evil in the sight of many.
Jowai, March 04: The employees of the JHADC under the banner of the JHADCSA today held a protest with placards in front of the office of the JHADC. you at 10 o'clock in the morning.
The stadium also has a gymnasium, swimming pool, table tennis hall, squash hall and badminton.
They don't need to pay for the railway fare because the government has already paid for it.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government will continue to transport foreigners returning to the state from Guwahati until 15th November that they may come they have to spend themselves.
On the other hand, the TMC members acknowledged the unemployment of youth and promised to recruit more jobs by the Drivers Association of this state. The company has asked for time until the 22nd and will meet again with the HNYF on this.
After Class X, he was sent to Bosco Mount, Rongkhon Tura, 2010-2012 to complete Class XI and XII. After this, 2012-2013, he went to Mariamnagar, Agartala for the Pre-Novitiate. .
In His time, He brought about a politics of unprecedented change, a politics of peace, purity of mind, mutual love and forgiveness, mutual help, mercy to others, generosity. and so on as he taught in the Bible.
The mid-term elections in Selsella constituency were held following the death of Congress MLA Clement R Marak, husband of June Eliana R. Marak, who was also a Minister of State.
They also said that the rest of the Karbi Students demanded to rebuild the camp.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has written a letter to the State Government to request them not to forget the three families who lost their lives due to the consumption of wild tit in Lamin, West. Jaintia Hills District on 19th June
Manipur will vote on 27th June and 3rd October.
There are 41 entry and exit points across the state.
That same evening, Fr ​​Sngi was ready to climb the top of Lum Sohpetbneng, but when they were farther away from Mawbri, they stayed in a house on the hillside.
“I would like to thank the MLA of the area, Bah PT Sawkmie for visiting us, as well as the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Umjapung.
This is for the voters of Meghalaya to decide.
In his speech, Samla Laitphar Syngkrem urged the students to continue their education so that one day the rule of law in the country will be held by their brothers. Pynshaiborlang Rani in his speech, urged the students to be responsible and to respect the dignity of foreigners wherever they are. and that there should be no differences of opinion among the Khasi.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83962 out of which 82227 have recovered and 1462 have died.
“People of all religions have encouraged us in the struggle for the independence of the country.
“If there are no rules, the government will find it difficult to curb the spread of false news that misleads the people,” he said.
Nongpoh: Two bikes stolen from a place in Mawlai Nongkwar have been recovered from a place in Warmawsaw, Ri Bhoi District.
(NHIDCL) or the company implementing the project, ARSS Infrastructure Projects Ltd, and then the necessary action will be taken,” said Bah Tynsong after inspecting the site.
Since the launch of the Abhiyaan, four successful Poshan Maah programs have been conducted across the country with the active participation of States/UTs and Government departments.
“We don't expect him to do that as an MDC who has been elected three times from Nongthymmai,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Jowai, Lber 29: A foreigner who assaulted a student of St. Mary Mazzarello Night School this morning has been arrested by the Jowai PS.Shillong. October 29: U Bah Lamboklang Mylliem, Parliamentary Secretary of the MUA government, has resigned today.
In the Men Junior – XCO Mass Start, Dalenmi Sana won the fourth place.
Let us support each other so that the country can move forward with the skills of the youth to become contributors in many fields and be an example to build.
On the same day, the 180th Anniversary of the Lower Primary Schools in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills will be celebrated.
“This gap can be filled if we work according to the working of science and this is a good example of how we can introduce technology to improve the lives of farmers and increase production. Increase their salaries,” Sangma said.
Dr. R Nongrum BDO Umsling C&RD Block, Bah A Wanswett, Teacher of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Kong A Thabah Counselor DM&HO Nongpoh were also present. schools and other adults.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Ka JACIPER, which includes various political parties, has announced that he may announce his resignation from the UDP. , a group of commercial truck drivers and other organizations, today met with Bah T Dkhar, Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya and also the Commissioner of Transport and Transport. They discussed the demand of the union to ban foreign vehicles from transporting goods into the state and that the dewbilat companies should implement the price. issued by the State Government, dated 22nd November 2005, in relation to the transportation of goods in the State.
He said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to ensure that the elections will be clean and orderly without any disruption despite the increasing number of insurgents like the GNLA. Dr Mukul Sangma has said that the government will have to hold MDC elections for the GHADC as the proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution is still pending in order to increase the number of MDCs. “The MDC elections to the GHADC will be held as usual for 29 MDCs,” he said.
There is also a High Court order regarding the implementation of the Roster System and therefore the department has to follow it and when they do so, they have to follow the recruitment system,” he said.
In the North East, it is the poorest state.
Dr Netrapal of Rawal Hospital said, “We could not decide whether the patient had died because at the time of his arrival at the hospital, he was ringing and breathing well and had high blood pressure.
The group was founded by three friends. It is one of the groups that revives old songs like rock music.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The President of the BJP in the state, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that many leaders from various political parties have come to talk and offer to join the BJP. “Many leaders who have proposed to join the BJP, we are still talking to them because they have set conditions, some have come. “We can't say anything yet and we will have to talk to them,” said Shibun.
They were arrested at the office of the UDP 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency.
It's like playing a ball, you score more than 10 goals or two goals, or you score a penalty.
The Government should pay more attention to the quality of education in schools as we see that the state has fallen behind over the years.
Wanri Pyngrope has once again been selected as the Best Actor Female North East at the Prague Cinema Awards 2023 organized by Prague News & Rengoni. and Assam.
In the men's U-14 category, the match was played between Christian Higher Secondary School and Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. Presbyterian HSS won 4-0 col.
So you have the benefit of both sides.
They are the incumbent MDC Morning Mawsor and the incumbent MLA Witting Mawsor.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle today visited Lawse village in West Khasi Hills District to distribute relief goods to the victims of the floods.
It is learned that the Government alone has taken this decision without consulting the Sports Associations or the sportsmen who have an important role to play in the decision.
On the other hand, the Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Muktapur, said that the government should restore this land as it is a place of great benefit to the people of Muktapur.
Ltd as part of the request for assistance to the workers of Shella area.
The Director said that the Border Area Department has handed over to the State Education Department to distribute to the students from various colleges and schools in Meghalaya.
Of this amount, T.15 crore has been allocated by the KHADC for the improvement of the 73 kilometer road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji while the remaining T.5 crore has been allocated for the construction of the road from Nongstoiñ to Wahkaji. roads to villages in need.
According to the CEM, it is understood that the two EMs who have been in the ARPA, Process T Sawkmie and Grace Mary Kharpuri, are the people who have tried to influence the EC and the ARPA. “This is not the first attempt, but it has happened four or five times,” said Adelbert.
One way from DC point to Mission Compound (CHC point) – Chiliang Raij Umshangiar, from Chiliang Raij (Ummakah Road/Aitnar Jn) Chutwakhu to Jrisalain.
At such times, we have the right to ask him, “Have you sanitized your hands properly?” Because as the Prime Minister who is the Chairman of this Agency, he is the He has approved 16 coke factories in Shallang, a coal-rich area.
On Tuesday, police arrested Shah Nawaz Alam from Jamunamukh in Nagaon and another from Udalee village in Lanka in Nagaon district.
The village is about 35 kilometers from Shillong.
Aadhaar will no longer be required for opening bank accounts or issuing mobile phones, the Indian government said in a Cabinet decision today.
Commenting on the demand for the resignation of VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit that those in the MDA government should resign because they have lost the MP election, Prestone said he has never found anything. also to say that those who lose the MP elections will have to step down from the State Government, and this is just childish talk.
The Rangbah Shnong of Psiar, Block I, M Synnah, came to support the protest and said that the working methods of the DC of WJH are commendable.
He said that talks have now gone on with four other MLAs to join the UDP party. but we must speak the truth.
I am the Lord, and besides me there is no savior.
AIDS is more common among young children who are under the age of marriage, said Bah Ranee, because the virus works strongly in those children especially in women.
Perhaps, the NPP is waiting for the day when the UDP will split in two and those MLAs who will leave will join the party as happened with the PDF where both MLAs have joined the NPP. We don't know what will happen in a world that changes in an instant especially in our state.
The union demands that the law enforcement authorities should patrol these roads, so that the theft of coal trucks will not disturb the residents. Collect the coal from the manla where they have already unloaded, and warn that from now on they are not allowed to unload the coal in any place, especially in the villages.
The second semi final will be played today (November 5) between 7 Wasa United and Nangbah Mulang at 1 pm. The winner of the second semi final will face Sailung Ialong in the semi final. The third final on the 9th will qualify for the final.
Jowai Police, after receiving a complaint, have arrested a man named Rimialson Daw.
The KSU has taken this step after they were angry over the power outage in Nongpoh area, which has caused suffering to the people, school children, students and others who work in the fields. different.
Rising Star bowler Peterson Lamare beat Roskil Challam for 55 off 15 balls.
It is better to prepare for other subjects, such as Khasi, English or Social Studies, etc.
Namdhari are 11th in the table with eight points from 10 games.
“Bah Prestone was afraid of Dr Mukul Sangma and in 2017 when he decided to join the NPP because he was afraid of Mukul Sangma and he turned me face to face to welcome Conrad. “It was me at that time and I was the Khasi translator of Conrad's speech because Bah Prestone didn't want to take part because he was afraid of Dr Mukul Sangma and until he had to resign as MLA,” he said. said.
Such a person is difficult to find and may not even exist anymore.
The relationship between the Khasi and the Assamese which has been going on since ancient times will never be destroyed by misunderstandings and rumors at such a time,” said the statement.
Ban Sanbor said that the Ministry will now direct all the people waiting at the check posts to identify themselves by wearing ID cards so that the traders can identify who they are. involved in illegal collection.
When Mawphor visited the market, it was seen that almost all the shops in Basa Jhur, Basa Soh and other Basa were closed and the number of visitors to the market was very low due to the lack of shops. open.
The beds of the patients were found to have been destroyed and there is an urgent need to repair the PHC,” said Kynjai.
He gave an example that in Karnataka too, the issue of allocation is a hot topic and it is not only in Meghalaya that such an issue comes up for discussion.
The meeting was held on 24th June, 2023 to discuss the Annual Work Plan and Budget (AWP&BI 2023-24) for SAMAGRA SHIKSHA of Meghalaya.
However, Air India Station Manager ST Bhutia said the flight will start flying from 2nd July.
He said that the foundation stone of these roads will help the people in coming and going and transportation which will make them more comfortable.
As we know that our Syiems in ancient times extended their borders in order to provide thousands of children for residential areas, farmland and so on.
Although the start of the tournament has been difficult, it is a pride for the team which has led the state to the tournament.
The match tomorrow 12th will be between Dulong SC and Chutwakhu SC at 2 pm.
Jowai: Border guards in Dawki and Muktapur areas have seized 290 cows this month and last month.
Conrad said his Government has made it clear that it will not allow any illegal activities such as extortion.
The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) Headquarters: Nongmynsong, Shillong – 793019Meghalaya, East Khasi Hills – IndiaThese kinds of prostitution should be eliminated.
Singla was arrested by the police investigating corruption cases in the state.
Therefore, the Code also applies to the Legislative Elections of Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura,
Not only that, but these three persons also made the seal of the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong and used the seal of the Dorbar Shnong and non judicial stamps to write documents for profit. jubor, in which this came to light after the arrival of those who gave money to the village to demand according to the social agreement, because these three persons did not go out to pay the money.
Earlier, Bah A Lanong, Deputy Director (Main Streaming) of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong, said that the campaign is scheduled to be completed within three months by the end of April to 198 villages from 63 Health Camps.
When the members of the Committee visited the Facilitation Centre, they also learned that the government has not only built the Entry Point, but will also have COVID-1 The Check Point and the current one will be built first, while the government has not yet been able to build a more adequate and accurate one. has already been promised and should be implemented by November this year.
Shillong, March 4: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum (MTDF) Robert G Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the protest by the political parties to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has affected the people. They didn't want to come anymore.
A special service was conducted by Rev.E.S.Sapuh and the Christmas message was delivered by Ma Kyrmen Shylla based on the Gospel of John 9:1 -12; and also received a warning from the mother of the Minister, Smt.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region today closed down several banks in Nongpoh, for not opening or operating despite the state government declaring a public holiday. This is also the special day of the State Government to pay tribute to Dr. Donkupar Roy, Lamphang of the State (Bam Kwai ha Dwar u Blei).
The two candidates are Panseng B Marak alias Panpan who informed the media that he will file his nomination papers on the 29th of this month and another is the MLA of Siju-Rongara who The Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, Rophul S Marak, who is in charge of the C&RD Block Department.
This was stated by Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
Ah! Those who opened it fled to the countryside like Zero in this story.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The church of Balang U Blei in Nongkya has turned into a hospital after hundreds of people have been admitted outside and inside the house. from the food on Sunday at the District Service of the Church of God at Nongkya Church, Mawhati Constituency.
The closing ceremony of the meeting was opened by Wailad Shylla MLA of Jowai constituency.
The awarding ceremony is part of the organization's efforts to encourage and motivate these youngsters to continue to work hard and improve in the field of sports.
In the men's U-19 category, they lost to Uttarakhand in the Ranji Trophy and the Cooch Behar Trophy.
Shillong, November 13: U KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the people of the state should understand that the Assembly or the Legislative Assembly of the State, is like a living room where people who are not The villagers can also come and sit, while the District Council is like a shetja room where only the villagers can sit.
The campaigns of the candidates vary from person to person and from place to place but what is universal is that they talk about corruption, the use of money to buy the vote of the voters.
Those who wish to take part in this race can register at the office of the District Sports Officers, Nongpoh, during working hours and the deadline for receipt of registration. Participation will be held on 3rd July
Shillong: The Adhoc School Teachers in the State from Lower to Higher Secondary School on Saturday held a meeting at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Shillong and decided to hold a big tournament in the coming days. come.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang said, “First of all, I would like to thank and honor the Creator who has been with MTS&CC as well as the young children, because I have never heard of anyone suffering. or injured in these days of joy.
They can bring good or bad if used too much.
This shows the stinginess of the minister and MeECL as well.
The amendment is to Sections 5, 6 and 6(a) and also to Sec 3 in addition to Sec 6(a) and deleted Sec.
“As we have taken action from time to time to request the government to set up a police station there, but during the tenure of the previous government, during the tenure of Minister of Home Affairs,” he said. Bah HDR Lyngdoh has demanded, but he has put it in Sohiong.
The remaining 10 lanes of the road between Jowai and Ratacherra has been completed.
Shillong, March 20: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Neil Antonio War has demanded the removal of the MDC of Mawlai who is also the Dy.CEM. Process T Sawkmie from the Executive Committee for his remarks against the Executive Committee in the House.
Throughout the day, the elders of the area, informed the FKJGP leaders that they should take action to promote not only football, but other sports. various activities and which can really develop the youth in the area.
The celebration scheduled for October 2019 has been postponed due to unavoidable reasons.
The Nokrek Reserve is also a tourist attraction.
The Fire House band has not yet heard the sound of the American band Fire House from Panaliar, Jowai.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 18: The Mawkyrwat Youth Development Association (MYDA) on Saturday held the 1st MLA Cup 2022 in three categories. The tournament was held at Umkop Stadium, Mawranglang, South West Khasi Hills District where Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Government of Meghalaya was the chief guest. important.
If we learn more about how trees or hills cause many problems to the villages and especially to agriculture (disadvantages), it is time for us to think more deeply. These are the topics mentioned below:-1
From eastern Israel, it was reported that there was fighting against Israeli troops and in which they tried to enter the country, but Israeli troops, shot dead a young man. , grapes from Lebanon.
About 52 climbers from around the world including those from the United States, Britain, Japan and Italy were trying to climb the mountain when the mountain collapsed. .
The final prize is; The single prize is T.4,000 and T.2,000, the double is T.6,000 and the double is T.3,000 and the fee is T.50 for single and T.100 for double.
Shillong: Assam beat Meghalaya by six wickets in the first leg of the Vijay Hazare Trophy in Dehradun on Saturday.
The Minister said this when asked by the media whether there is a demand from the political parties in the MDA to reconsider the MoU signed between the two states, which is currently in force. in the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
This means that those times of persecution of Israel ended in 1946 AD and in 1947 AD the UN through the hand of God once again delivered the land of Israel into the hands of the Jewish people.
The source said that after the seizure of the dumper, it was found that the thieves had changed the number plate of the vehicle to the number ML 12-1 The driver of the dumper was arrested and handed over to the Assam Police for further investigation. provisions of the Act, according to the source.
Police said that these workers used to eat the soh during their dinner and this killed them due to the bitterness of the soh.
All payments and receipts shall be deposited with the Head of Account and Receipt; 1456 – Civil Supplies – 800 – Other Receipts – (10) – Civil Supplies.
Speaking to reporters, the village leaders including the Rangbah Shnong and members of the village today said that the closure of the church was due to the death of the former Rangbah Shnong Joh and the Secretary Shnong. Mar Shylla, who is now the Rangbah Shnong, did not hold a dorbar at the time of issuance of the NOC to the Sohmynting Circle Church.
Governments, religious groups, Dorbar Shnong Dorbar Hima, NGOs around the world are struggling to achieve the goal of restoring the environment.
“The reason why the state government has changed the old budget is because the time and cost of construction of the gate will not fall anymore as it will take up to a year or a year and a half. to finish this gate" He said.
The body of Macmillan Kharshandi was laid to rest at the Madanriting Presbyterian Church.
Coming Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries, will be removed, Dasakhiat Lamare, MLA of the NPP from Mawhati will be appointed and Samlin Malngiang of the HSPDP will be appointed. Renikton Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkyrwat, who is from the same party, will be appointed.
“Yes, Kmie, how can you do that?
For if a man pray with all his heart, God will hear him from heaven.—2 Chronicles 7:14-1
President Seiborlang L Nonglait said the party sees the biggest threat if the NDA Government implements the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, as tens of thousands of Bangladeshis will become full citizens of Bangladesh. In India, in the North East, we see that Tripura comes first in the length of the border with Bangladesh with a length of 856 km. Bangladesh, while Meghalaya ranks second in terms of border length of 443km and it is not difficult for us to be overwhelmed by these Bangladeshis, while other states like Sikkim have a law that Mizoram has ILP and Nagaland has Article 371(g) and Nagaland has ILP and Article 371(a). The Government of Assam has implemented the NRC, while the Government of Meghalaya alone does not have responsibility for the future of the people, the Sixth Schedule has not yet fully protected the people. para 12(a) because if any laws of the Central Government violate the laws of the District Council, then we are not in danger of being overwhelmed by the authorities. you have knieh shuki without protecting the country.
In the women's category, Jaintia Eastern College won the title after defeating Khliehriat Higher Sec School.
According to a statement sent by the President of HANM Narpuh Circle, Bah P.Syiemlieh, Topcem has dismissed seven people from the area on the grounds that they are old. Speaking to the head of the company, the head of the company strongly condemned this action and the decision of the company, at the same time, He also condemned the Local Director of the company, said that the foreigners who work in the company are elderly, the company does not dismiss them at all and alleged that this is just “If the company doesn't listen to the demands, the union will not respond,” said the union. Don't close down this company.
“As I said that I came out to contest because I don't agree with the policy of the MLA and it is true, think about the election time I will sing La Lieh La Ïong Lyngkot or Jrong Lah u Para War. “It's a shame to the people,” he said. Speaking on the use of money to win elections, Bah Anthony said that he He doesn't have wealth or crores and he has lost but his courage to come forward is because he has received the love of the people of the area. Drosila Lamin, the first MDC of Nongshken, UDP Vice President Allantry Dkhar and other leaders.
Plz bring our brother and sisters back home.
“We will wait for the decision of the High Court because this matter is in its hands,” said Bah Shibun.
The Federation of Khasi States opposed the proposal and immediately sent a letter to New Delhi informing it of its decision and urged Mr Guha, who was the then Chief Minister. and directed him to oppose and put before the Dorbar the decision of the Khasi States.
That is why our body does not rest and makes us not sleep at night.
Jowai, Nailar 23: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
“These four robbers were arrested yesterday after escaping from a shootout with police on 1st July,” Mishra said.
On Thursday, 515 new cases were reported and 14 people died, bringing the death toll to 1147 in the state.
Police and BSF seized drugs, cosmetics, kyiad and other items.
As the world's knowledge advances, many composers and singers have emerged who have played the new and new Khasi music.
The third Khatarshong Adventure Trail Run was launched by Bah Anthony Khongrymmai, Sordar of Mawmihthied and Bah MV Kyndiah, GM of Mawmihthied on 25th October,
Sweetness of attitude is true beauty.26.
On this occasion, the committee has honored the students who have passed well from the school founded by this great leader of the Jaitbynriew. The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India to protect the indigenous peoples.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the party said that the party's visit to the police station was to inform that the complaint against a party has been The LRO, who has accused the KSU of being involved in the incident at Magadev Khola.
New Delhi, Nailur 13: Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, who is also a strong supporter of Hindutva, today was elected as the BJP candidate from The 2014 Lok Sabha elections have ended months of speculation over his rise to the post despite the opposition of the people. bajur on behalf of party spokesperson LK Advani.
We need the KHADC authorities to take action to be wise and organize the holding of the Assembly and the People's Parliament of Mylliem Hima to discuss the issues of land. sboh, to talk about the contribution of bynhei, the building laws, parking spaces, the installation of toilets in the city water supply, the installation of ATMs on the streets without parking spaces, many shops without parking spaces in The need for the KHADC authorities to allocate funds to the Hima Mylliem to install IT technology, the current knowledge to hide the land holdings from the raiot, the pata u khun u thousand, within the Hima Mylliem as a whole and many other matters relating to the census, the annual budget, the report from the Executive Dorbar Syiem, the markets, to The rights of the people living in landholding land in the Hima Mylliem, the need to include the Rangbah Shnong, Raid Nongsynshar and leaders elected by the Hima Dorbar to the Executive Dorbar, Hima Mylliem, Khadar rule within the border of the Hima Mylliem.
He said the meeting would take place soon through the district presidents and secretaries, elected members and staff of the party.
He expressed his concern about the start of turning tyrkhong of the water wells in some villages.
There have been 56,831 cases in Mumbai alone, 1,380 cases in the past 24 hours and 2,113 deaths in Mumbai.
“Many incidents related to the handshake will become more public in the coming days as the students have become more empowered by the support and encouragement of the students by the Union,” he said. he said.
Fortunately, at that time, the son of the Longkmie, managed to tied with a stone one of the occupants of the bike, Rakesh Kumar, who fell to the ground and died. After that, police from Khanapara Police Station came and took him to Civil Hospital Shillong.
The wedding will take place until May or July.
More than 350 had to be replaced.
He further said that there was no prior agreement as such, though the UDP has the right to claim.
Kestar Pyrtuh scored 41 goals and Pynhunmiki Skhemiew scored 54 goals for Rising.
He said that many of the residents do not have ration cards and many households have been affected by the shortage of food items besides the lack of roads and the distance to the markets.
It is learned that Ms Sahkhar does not have any problems with the money, as her salary has increased.
Nongpoh: In order to facilitate the health workers, the District Administration of Ri Bhoi District together with the Urban Affairs Department in the District, have decided to change the Housing for Urban Poor. Umbuda village in Nongpoh, as a temporary accommodation for health workers.
Now that they have won only two seats, the NPP has removed both of them as ministers.
Looking at the whole of Meghalaya, many of the trade activities have been taken over by the authorities and foreigners and even the market, the police bazar which are the two leading markets in the state which used to be the property of the owners. However, they have now become the subjects of foreigners and mynder ri.
In this standard age of fashion, there are many types of mobile phones or headsets that include wires that can be connected to the ears to listen to music. antennas.
The Government is committed and working hard to ensure that the residents have access to clean drinking water at their doorstep.
They also discussed the Subhagya Program which is a free electricity program for poor and unelectrified villagers and the implementation of electricity generation projects including small and large scale.
(genuine citizen).
It’s a mission for transformation that aims to have a radical change in the way cities are built in the country.
Alphonsa – 9633126809, Dr.Sr.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Registrar General of the Meghalaya High Court, Bah W Diengdoh on Friday said that the petition of the Chandra Mohan Jha Foundation (CMJ) has not been accepted by the High Court.
Therefore, the group of supporters of the Riti Academy has proposed that this initiative should be carried out in a thoughtful and sincere manner.
Referring to himself, Andrew said he started playing squash in 1998 in Gangtok, where he used to play with army officers which led him to become interested in the sport.
According to the rules, the Central Parliamentary Board of the party will take the final decision on the candidates who will get the party ticket for Shillong and Tura,” said Bah Pohshna.
If there are few political parties, it will bring good.
They include the NPP with 26 MLAs, the UDP with 11 MLAs, the PDF with two, the BJP with two, the HSPDP with two and two independent MLAs.
Several residents of the district as well as members of the MPUF, which was held at the bus stand MTC IawmusiangJowai, attended the rally.
Essential Qualification:- Post Graduate Degree in Zoology with minimum 55% marks with Botany as one of the subject at an undergraduate level and M.Ed Degree from a recognized University with minimum 55% marksPost Graduate Degree in Botany with minimum 55% marks with Zoology as one of the subjects at an undergraduate level and M.Ed Degree from a recognized University with minimum 55% marks.
They also held a march as part of their support for the curfew.
Not so much as two lines parked on the highway, just to avoid paying twenty bucks.
The Bill has been passed in the Lok Sabha and will become law until it is passed in the Rajya Sabha. .
The second problem is that at the time of raising these chickens, it is in the port and it is also a very cold season, many of these chickens die due to the cold. They don't have enough electricity because they can't afford it.
Regarding the unemployment of the youth, Bah Teibor said, “The youth of Mawlai have lost hope after completing their studies and don't want to turn anywhere. but in Mawlai this time under my leadership we will bring a special Youth Centre.
However, the Minister said the company accused of violating the rules in the incident is based in Haryana and does not have any manufacturing plant in Maharashtra.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Tuesday took note of the incident at Mukroh and directed the Union Home Secretary and Chief Secretary of Assam to give their opinion. how to prevent incidents in the areas where there is border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong: The rainfall in the past 24 hours in different parts of the state has been RKM 154.8, Sohra 120.5, Mawkyrwat 114.0 Khliehriat and 95.4 Willigar. 49.8Tura KVK 85.4Mawphlang 53.6Barapani 20.4Mawsynram 118.0Jowai 112.4Shillong 19.6Where is the word?
On the other hand, the Circle urges all those who attend the Shad Pomblang Syiem to attend with dignity so that it will bring back the glory of the Jaidbynriew, as it is known in the world and also to they shall not break the bread of the LORD when they eat bread.
Governor Shauhan said that last year, Meghalaya has enjoyed peace and stability and in October 2022, the Government of Meghalaya has signed a social border settlement agreement with Assam for seven days. villages between which these two states have a dispute.
“Since I was expelled from the meeting, they have not called any more meetings which means that I am no longer a member of the HSPDP,” he said.
Speech was also delivered by Bah RFL Nonglait who led the 4th teachers.
Meghalaya was created, Jaintia Hills was given two districts West and East Jaintia Hills but Meghalaya and two districts of Jaintia Hills did not have a proper border with Assam.
The speakers who spoke at the meeting expressed the same voice to demand the abolition of all the coal mining factories. The meeting also decided to give only 15 days to the factory owners and workers to close down and end the work. It will endanger the health of the people and will also threaten the heritage from many kinds of evils that will come from these factories especially the illegal entry of foreigners.
The program of distribution of 4th BN MLP Sohpian will continue to 10 places and villages and about 1200 residents of BNHQs Sohpian in these areas will participate. benefit in the next few days.
The government has urged the people not to ignore the curfew called by the HNLC, which has been illegally registered by the government.
These winners will also represent the district at the State Level Science Exhibition to be held soon in Shillong.
However, if there is adequate medicines in these hospitals, it will benefit the patients.
Revelation 16:2-1
Through this incident, the owner of these fish has suffered a huge loss besides the loss of the vehicle.
So he took him to sit in the house because he didn't want to talk about it inside the house, lest his mother or son or brother hear.
After a short speech by Bah Shanbor, the Dorbar was closed with the blessings and congratulations to the new Rangbah Shnong.
To strengthen the party, the leaders will hold general meetings in Garo Hills and all districts/blocks.
Smillin N Sangma was the only player to score 13 runs for South Garo Hills.
The Rangbah Shnong of Bakur, Bah Daniel Khongsit, who is also the president of the Miss Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society, said that according to information received, there will be many people from near and far who will come to witness the event. The tournament will be held at Bakur Dawki Football Ground at 7 pm.
“This rule is an obstacle to the people to mine coal in their own state,” said the HYC leader and added that it will create a difference between the poor and the rich and those who mine coal. all these things are dead.
Jowai, July 08: The road connecting Kiang Nangbah College to Jowai District Jail has been neglected for many years and the condition of this road has caused severe inconvenience to the pedestrians. who lives in the car spirit.
“Does the byrni, the kriah weigh up to 5-10 kilos?”, he asked the traders.
I am here to tell you that it is not that we have just opened this house, but we have the determination that our people will get a living,” he said.
Even after the signing of the MOU signed on July 29, 2022 for the resolution of the boundary of the six land plots, a village on the other side of Malidor You want to enter the State of Meghalaya.
The state government has to meet with the central government and this time, the state government has to meet with the BJP-led central government. Where the BJP does not have a candidate, does not stand for the BJP, does not stand for the BJP, others in their own parties, the Congress and others are here.
" And she gets up then to go outside.
“Preparations to host the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 are underway and there will be 18 sports in the tournament which will start on 10th November.
The states in the same list along with Meghalaya (Women) are Assam, Goa, Jharkhand and Telangana.
P.Nongbri scored three goals for Mawreng SC (8,31,40,42,46min), S.Sohlang scored four goals (1,14,18,34min). ) and R.Thabah scored the second goal (17.50min).
The aim of the MSL is to identify and develop talented players and to promote sports clubs in the state and to get the opportunity to participate in major tournaments in this country. country.
Why is FKS a member of the FKS ? If you have been a member of the NSCN since 1993, how do you download this book without a password?
The Lum Sohpetbneng Committee together with the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, today, have been able to complete the thanksgiving ceremony at Lum Dorbar, Lawnongthroh, Mei Mawbuh and also at Lum Sohpetbneng. This is part of the preparations for the annual Kiew Pyneh Rngiew, on the sacred mountain of the Sohpetbneng people, which is scheduled to be held on the 6th June
I as a resident of the village am saddened to see that the land in our village has become more and more desolate and disrespectful to the environment.
Today, Dr Mukul Sangma and Urban Affairs Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh inspected the Polo Market which has been demolished for the construction of a new one.
Jhiki Begum, who shot dead her husband Md.Riaz Miah while he was on his way to work, has lodged a complaint with the police that they tried to kill him. went to help him but she too was beaten.
(This is what we see that the Nongsynshar in these days in Ri Lum Khasi have begun to forget and we also see that they don't exist anymore even when we look at them with the eyes of the flesh).
The union expresses its deep sorrow over the loss of this river's reputation as a clean river, suitable for drinking and abundance of fish.
On the 23rd December 1923 he left Shillong with him.
Boris has made it clear today that he will implement Brexit before 31 March
Shillong, Nailur 24: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played on Saturday at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf Polo.
Shillong: U Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, today wrote to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, demanding that the Aadhaar registration should be stopped in the district.
The lawyer said that he had learned from the mouth of Bah Rymbai that there had been many investigations while he was in hospital. He said that he had been pressured by the police to confess but as he was not involved in the case, he could not answer, the lawyer said.
Knowledge and information about the heavenly bodies, such as the sun, moon, stars, Saturn, Jupiter and others are essential for the future of mankind.
However, those who are more affected in these times are those who are more li-li-pen-pen, who take advantage of this time, that every household of the candidate who intends to un fight, began to gather and cry out to solve their own problems, which goes on, all kinds of problems come to appear, how much more to those who have more talent to know how to ud ban nam, to speak more words of thought to stir up the souls of the candidates, who have used their own pla to cover up all kinds of colors of money .
Within 24 hours of the fire at Notre Dame, or the Catholic Cathedral in Paris, wealthy people have come out to raise money to rebuild the cathedral and as of this writing , it is reported that the amount has reached 1 billion euros.
Last year, the children of Seiñraij Jowai held this festival in their own homes and this time as the government has tightened the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1 They came to witness this spectacle.
"What are you doing..." asked the mother. "What do you need, Pa?" Lydia replied. The mother didn't say anything, but just listened.
Soon after, the Kur leaders of different villages conducted a search operation to find out whether this person is from Mylliemngap. a person who shall not hold office in this Seng.
When asked what issues the Opposition will raise in the dorbar synrai, Sangma said there are many issues to be discussed and the Opposition will work together on how to put forward the issues. more important of the public.
Khliehriat, July 19: Thousands of people including truck drivers, night supper buses and passengers are stranded in heavy traffic jam on National Highway-6 in Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills. Hills District due to the collapse of the road, where the district authorities have now banned the use of this road.
Shillong, November 30 : The ICDS Project in collaboration with the CDPO, Nongstoin has organized an outreach program on Poshan Maahbad Swachhata at Hi Sevaha Trisem Hall, Nongstoin on 29th November, .
Malcom said that these people are those whom he has known for a long time but in their own way for many years.
Nilesh Cabral told about Goa how it became a state and the customs and traditions that the state follows.
Bapherbak Nonglang also played a big role in the match and scored 10 goals in the first half.
He added that the work is still only 20% on the ground.
Dalammi Dauni Rymbai has been selected for the top 20 of the KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School.
He expressed his desire to look after the youth in Mawlai, for the youth he will set up a Youth Center to guide them.
Ghaneya Emwazi, 47, recognized her eldest son, Mohammed, 26, when he was dating American journalist James Foley.
I used to ask those words to stand up and fall.
The loss of electricity on the road which has reached more than 500 million units per annum is called aggregate technical and commercial losses.
100,200,500 or 2000 only during elections cannot solve poverty and problems in the society but only through policies according to the needs of the time that can improve the people in the country. all sides.
As can be seen from the first half, both the teams played a good match from the start which prevented them from scoring in the first half.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: As soon as the election time comes, many of those who do good and kindness, the 'Good Samaritans' to help the people in many ways, the appearance of those The rich candidates or businessmen are only during elections who care about the people, but it is only a trick to win elections to deceive the people in many ways especially the poor. Lack of knowledge has been used to win elections.
The weather bureau did not say whether the rainfall would continue in the next 24 hours.
The match started at 9 pm between the third round teams, where Dkhiah from East Jaintia Hills beat Mawkyrwat-SWKH in the women's category, while Jowai-WJH beat Mawkyrwat-SWKH in the women's category. Nongstoiñ-WKH won the third place in the men's category.
The price of tympew, lakor and pathi has also dropped sharply.
He said that there are schools where the children who participate are less than one and when they play against teams with enough players they score dozens of goals, so it is a great shame not only for the team but even the whole school.
Earlier, a nine-storey house and a shop were reportedly shelled by Israel in the western parts of Rafah.
After asking many times, the mother suddenly said, “You are what you said yesterday.
“As witnessed, the rainfall was from June to July in many parts of the state.
The allegation against the Border Security Force is unfounded and inappropriate.
The funeral service for Ma Teilang Dkhar will be held on 14/09/22 at the Catholic Cemetery, Mihmyntdu at 12 pm.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the state government to arrest and arrest the leading accused in connection with the misuse of funds for the purchase of police vehicles. the misuse of public funds should be sent back.
On the closing day, those who attended the match were the leaders of the MCA and leaders from various district associations. The SCA was awarded by MCA President Naba Bhattacharjee while the runner-up was awarded by Rayonald Kharkamni.
“On the other hand, he expressed his regret over the spread of a false article stating that he has withdrawn his name from the candidacy.
The State Government has launched the Meghalaya Street Vendors Scheme, 2023 on the 25th of this month. , March made under the provisions of the Street Vendors Act,
That is why Paul exhorts the Philippian believers that they need to forget to move on so that they can grow in their pilgrimage.
Mahatma Gandhi was one of the leaders who used religion in politics.
What is the phone number of Control Room +919233270162, Returning Officer 30-Mairang (ST) A/C – 09774876609, Returning Officer 31-Mawthadraishan (ST) A/C-07005170039, 1 District Election Officer.
The Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), an organization employed by MSSDS to become one of the Skill Training Providers (STPs) in the state, today launched an integrated training. Farming in the village.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Chuba Ao, who visited Shillong on Tuesday, today confirmed that the BJP will continue to work for the party. The ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government will not leave the state.
He stressed on the need for cooperation between various departments and said that the cooperation with the C&RD, Social Welfare, Education and Health departments and the concerned residents. it is necessary to make the most of resources, to exchange knowledge and to ensure action to address the challenges facing society.
All these five MLAs will resign tomorrow and submit their resignation letters to the Speaker of the House so that they can join the NPP at a public meeting to be held at on the 4th of July at the Polo Ground.
His passing will be a great loss not only to the Church but to the society.
The pond is surrounded by forests and the ground is full of hands.
Ma Lahkmen said that an ordinance has been passed to change the name of Capt.
Secondly, the Kur Seng requests the government authorities to give a fair trial for the family of (L) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh and to complete the investigation and punish according to the law. involved in this incident.
Many of the longkni and rangbah of the kur also gave speeches on how to strengthen the relationship between the kur and the President of the Kur Central Body, Bah F Blu. Khongsit.
But Paul, filled with the Holy Spirit, said unto Elymas, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil, the hand of the Lord is upon thee, and thou shalt be blind, not seeing: and immediately there fell upon him a cloud and darkness, and he saw no more.
The district authorities said that only five people have died from the heat wave in these days, but the residents said that there are many deaths in hospitals. dieng thang, shows that there have been many deaths in the past few days.
Therefore he flees like a lion, and does not stay, and no one can take the soul of man from him because it belongs to God.
“I am God, telling the END FROM THE BEGINNING.
One of the senior doctors of UDP Medical College, who has already received his TC from KHNAM Medical College, said that the ILP should be implemented. Doctors of the HSPDP Medical College said that besides the ILP, they should also use a newly discovered drug by their chief doctor, Khasi-Jaintia State. because the Hills State medicine doesn't work anymore; and also that the Khasi are now brave, so we don't need any more medicine.
Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has left the club after talks with the club's top management. an agreement has been reached for his release from the entire team.
In South West Khasi Hills, there is one high risk case and in West Khasi Hills, there is one high risk case.
The following are listed as attempts to improve the language: Diplomat : means simpah simsong- simpah simsong is a proverb that describes the character of a person who is fluent and able to promote snap improvement in social relationships.
The HYC through the Sier Lapalang Operation will not stand idly by, but will continue to monitor from time to time all foreign traders and workers and demand that the Government should immediately implement the ILP in Meghalaya. to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
He also admitted that in the past eight years, we have witnessed a lot of development works that never happened before the BJP came to power in Delhi.
Nongpoh: U Samla Batlakular Syngkli, General Secretary of the National People's Party (NHP) in Ri Bhoi District, has been expelled from Niangbarithem village. He was shocked by the job of security guard of a factory at 13mer known as Satyam Steel.
Meirad Glory was born in 1931 and is 19 years old.
It is in the same way, my dear friends, that this incident that happened in Nineveh, this destruction of Nineveh in the invasion of Babylon, we can say that it was an incident. which has happened in the world we live in today, when even those prominent countries of the world's powerful countries have experienced this destruction, for example, China, the United States and other countries which were great countries powerful countries, now they have experienced destruction, they have experienced troubles, they have experienced wars, and that war they have to fight it is not against Babylon but against the Corona Virus.
Internet and other media outlets have been cut off in all parts of Gaza, the report said.
Cricket Smit beat Lumpaia Avengers CC by 5 runs while Marbisu CC beat Thangsning CC by 98 runs. Elbrenroy Mawthoh scored 27 runs from 35 balls and Banshanlang Nongdhar scored 25 runs from 21 balls.
The doctor who founded Sanker said that every 40 seconds, there is one suicide in the world and every 40 seconds there are attempts to commit suicide.
In East Khasi Hills, 21 new cases, in Mawlai Mawroh Umshing 14 cases, 18 cases from abroad and others.
I understand your wish, and if we have enough people, we will give but if we don't have enough, what will we do?” said Prof Henry.
Bah Roning was cremated at Lum Jynthang, Jalynteng, Tiehlangniang.
Shillong received 13.2mm of rainfall while Umiam received 7.8mm.
Sports Assistant: Bormi Liam 15.
However, it is interesting that one young man who is still in class 12, has worked hard to continue his studies by working as a daju in Nongstoiñ market.
India won the second Test by 106 runs in Visakhapatnam on Tuesday to tie the series.
The HNLC also announced in a statement that it invites all government employees who wish to join the party, without having to resign but to become its assistants or part time employees.
“Since the payment was made, it is expected that the ASHA workers will repay us with a compliment (to the government)," Paul said.
He appealed to the people of Sohiong when they elect their own legislator on the 10th June 2023 to think carefully not to look at the money, but to look at the interests of the people.
These are very, very meaningful words.
African Swine Fever has occurred in one of the villages in Nongstoiñ where all the pigs of a farmer have died due to the disease.
(6) To maintain and manage Primary Schools, tt.
To help you understand, read the Gospel of John 4:23 where Jesus made it clear that true worship is not in the temple, but in private or in secret.
However, due to the inability to complete the election, it has been postponed as the MP elections are coming up in the next three months from October to July.
“I went to the school to ask the child.
If the people of Hynniewtrep are willing to donate to their poor, suffering, sick and suffering brothers and sisters as they are willing to donate to this mynder, this will be a great blessing to our brothers and sisters who are suffering. many sufferings in recent times due to natural disasters.
The two ministers also attended the Cabinet meeting held this evening for the first time since they assumed office.
“If we stand together to join hands to fight against these evils, our country India will change,” Gohain said.
This God was the same in the days of Moses when Moses led the children of Israel through the Red Sea after they left Egypt where they lived for about 430 years.
A low-fat diet can lower bad cholesterol (LDL), there are two types of LDL cholesterol.
Moses and Aaron struck the waters with their rods, and the waters turned to blood, and the Egyptians dug elsewhere.
Ma SD Laloo, Community Mobilizer, SSA West Jaintia Hills District, one of the experts, explained the objectives of Swachh Bharat – Swachh Vidyalaya in schools and villages.
Where is Financial Discipline? Yes, money comes and goes but how much does it come and to keep track of where and where it goes, how much it goes and why, it is necessary to keep an accurate account with an accurate account at the end of the year. The Accountant General and the Government of India.
He said that his goal and ambition is to bring about development in the constituency as well as in the state as a whole especially to formulate various policies in the Legislative Assembly.
Banteilang Shylla scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 60th minute.
Santa Mary Shylla, said it is pleasing to see that since 2014 since the coal ban, the people have started to turn to agriculture and said that it is really necessary to turn to agriculture. “The increase in the price of agricultural products is due to the lack of agricultural products. “Therefore, we have to import our products from abroad,” she added.
The program was enriched by songs and dances by members of Seilung VO, Mukhailong and Ïakyntulang VO, Pynthorsale.
The health department has failed and therefore the retired doctors or retired staff should be re-appointed,” he said.
Since the government announced the scheme, the people of the state especially in East Khasi Hills District have not received the T.3 tyngka rice although there are several areas where the Act has been implemented.
Lt Gen Anil Chait, Commander-in-Chief of the Army's Central Command, who was present at the scene of the relief operation, said the troops will rescue and rescue everyone who has been killed. stay there even though they are mountainous and difficult.
“Jual Oram said that the bill will be introduced in the Lok Sabha on November 10, 11 or 12 for approval in the House and the councils will be able to “The Central Government has directed the State Government to implement the increase in the number of seats in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils (GHADC) and in the Khasi Hills District Councils. from 30 to 40 seats of which four seats will be reserved and two of these four seats will be reserved for women.
The Forum believes that through this decision, it has received part of its demand to release the sale of foreign coal and is now preparing the documents to sell. The Forum expects to hold a hearing on the issues related to the ban on coal mining in the State.
According to information received, the incident is suspected to have happened this morning, when the youth was sleeping inside the house, which he used.
Sawkmie said that both these issues belong to the central government, so it needs the help of the MPs, although the state government has already fulfilled its duty, but the MP has not. leheii.
However, the vehicle was seized near the Khliehriat Police Station along with three persons.
Does this mean that until the time of Jesus' return to earth, will he find people who have and remain in that faith? We live in a terrible world today because many of us believe in Jesus Christ.
It was suggested that the traffic jam should not be limited to the four districts of Khyndai Lad, Laitumkhrah and Mot Phran.
Shillong: Two Bangladeshis have been arrested by Ratacherra Police for helping to smuggle Bangladeshis into India in the past two months through the Ratacherra Bridge. .
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA) has given only 10 months to all dewbilat factories to implement the dewbilat factories immediately. The Government has decided to increase the fare by 0.70 naira (Paisa) per quintal per kilometer.
Therefore, for the convenience of the people in coming and going, the HYC Ri Bhoi Sepngi has demanded from the government through the PWD department to complete this road and the failure to complete it. “This road is a blessing to the people of this area in coming and going as they say that this road is the source of income,” he added.
At the same time, social media is also a way to spread truthful news.
The HYC has been protesting since yesterday to demand that the government should implement the ILP and other issues to protect the people from the entry of foreigners into the state.
Furthermore, the CM urged the media not to publish such news just to spread rumors about the Government as it is a wrong step.
If this continues, we will be the last among the nations in all aspects, because according to the age, education is the greatest tool to promote economic development and strengthen the nation.
"(....
At the same time, the meeting appointed the Steering Committee of the People's Candidate Forum under the interim leadership of the Patron: Bah S.Lamurong; G.D Lakiang, Finance Convener- Kong R.Sohtun and Youth Convener- Bah Hynniewkor Syngkli.
On Sunday, at 10.30 pm and 1.30 pm, by Rev. Dr. RR Cunville and at 6.30 pm by Rev. L Nongrud and Rev. Terence Wanshong as the special singers.
Many witnesses confirmed that the punishment of the women by beating, intimidation, threats.
“I appeal to the Congress leaders to turn to their own families and resolve their issues before pointing fingers at other political parties,” said Titos.
Samla Lester Nongbet, Organizing Secretary of the KSU Ri Bhoi District, was led by Samla Lester Nongbet, Organizing Secretary of the KSU Ri Bhoi District. On the same day, the KSUs also had a meeting with the policeman in charge of the checkpoint and it was at that time that the KSUs understood clearly about the delay in the working methods inside the checkpoint.
The meeting was attended by the Women's Wing ECC, Waheh Shnongs and several elders of Sutnga Elaka.
We have to answer to these people who have deceived us," he said.
The man was identified as being between the ages of 45 and 50 years old and according to a friend of the man, he said that they were looking for a shelter from the rain while they were trying to return home in the middle of the rain. u slap not hard.
He was taken to hospital after suffering from cold and fever for two days and also because he had just returned from Nepal and was also accompanied by one of those who returned from Nepal. Delhi and Vijay Thapa were traveling from Guwahati to Shillong.
"If the government responds, I will respond," he said.
It is at the age of 15 that the best players are selected for the districts and state teams, and they also have the opportunity to showcase their talents in the BCCI tournaments. and also at the National Cricket Academy camps.
“The Governor is pleased to appoint Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang, former MLA, as Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, in the Ministry of Education with salary and benefits at the rank of Category “A”,” the statement said.
The CAG said that the reply received is not accurate as the new price has not been implemented immediately by the DTO or the enforcement inspectors even after receiving the order from the state government.
we were involved in government; In all the five states of the Northeast we have the NDA government. It is because the Modiji government has repealed about 70 percent of the AFSPA from parts of Assam, peace has come to the region. Bodoland, even in Karbi Anglong, has been in peace.
Stone and wood, which was used to sterilize the shadem of young girls. Parents believe that this is the best way to prevent young men from raping their daughters. their.
The Dorbar Shnong Mukhaialong has expressed its gratitude to H Iakai, Assistant Executive Engineer (Distribution), MECL Sutnga and Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla for taking the initiative to restore the transformer which has been broken for about 10 months. MeECL has decided to install a new one on the 1st of this month.
For now, we will discuss only the topic of self-love.
Welcoming the new Governor, Dr Mukul welcomed the Governor to the state and said that he will provide good services to the people.
MeECL also has a commission otherwise why should there be three Secure, Genus and Third Class HPLs of Satnam, Tynsong and co.
It is also the one that has started to become very popular in terms of holding various programs such as scheme distribution meetings, awarding programmes, festivals, sports programs and others.
The CCIB, which includes the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Students' Union (FKJGP), the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), the Federal Council of War Mihngi and War Jaintia (FCWMWJ), the land owners. They have sent a letter to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju requesting him to exempt Meghalaya from this border dispute.
Gaurav hit four fours and nine sixes to score 62 runs from 30 balls, while Macdonald scored 62 runs from 35 balls. ball with five fours and four sixes.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the whole of Meghalaya will never forget the service of Dr. Sailo to provide health care to the people in the state.
Police have stepped up patrols and search operations to track down the suspects involved in the burning of a motor bike in Langkyrding, a house in Umsohsun, a fast food shop in Polo and a petrol bomb in Qualapaty.
It is clear that the government has a feeling that the health of the children will be very important and that is why it has issued those orders through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to direct all schools to want to open for students to contact teachers for help.
They said that during the raid, the union managed to drive them away although they fled, but the union arrested about five of them.
Under the Under2 Coalition, mutual training will be promoted, to provide information and to discuss the issues needed to expedite the work.
In the past, all the people's leaders from MP/MLA or MDC were equal in party affairs.
The clashes between Assam and Mizoram have intensified today, after Mizoram has refused to withdraw its police from the border with Assam.
He said that the school children have now had to park the night because of the loss of the footpath.
At present, the Nongstoiñ Court has been filled with lawyers from all over the country to fight the case and to grant bail to many of the owners of the coke factories who have fled the scene.
Furthermore, it was informed that the 8 Super Divisions can accompany their Dorbar Shnongs at the time of entry.
The Minister said that the issue of water is an issue that they have taken seriously but it is not an easy task due to climate change.
He said that the people should no longer send agents but should go themselves.
The meeting was conducted by Bah DL Siangshai, Editor, Bah SM Marweiñ, General Manager and Bah P.Sohkhlet on behalf of the office. , Joint Editor.
When this writer went to stand nearer the river to shondur, he found that although there was water, which flowed steadily, in which the depth was only about 10 feet, but in The lower parts of the country are covered with shyiap and this is the reason why these youths, who went to swim, cannot move their bodies and thus, they are covered with shyiap. , which is at the foot of the river.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of August, 2021 has been released to all the households under the PMGKAY Scheme. NFSA (AAY & PHH) till 16 th August, 2021.
At the same time, he recalled, “My parents' request from the past not to allow me not to go to school, and if I was given the opportunity to decide, I wouldn't have said as I am now. ", said Bah Suiñ, therefore, through his submission to the will of his parents, he became a human being as he is.
He said the Supreme Court's decision came after the MDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, had followed up on the matter until it got the soh.
No one can fix what he has fixed and fix what he has fixed.
This is evident in the villages.
“In fact, we don't fight too much against those who work below us, but what is happening now seems to be a turning point but we have to think carefully,” said Bah Lapang.
Shillong, Nailur 25 : The Meghalaya Judo State Championship was held on the 23rd of this month. The East Khasi Hills team has won 8 medals in the tournament on the 24th of November 2022 at SAI STC Indoor Hall, NEHU. gold, 1 silver and 3 bronze medals for a total of 12 medals.
Since the beginning of 2023, the BSF has seized about 44.5 kilos of heroin from the border.
In the past few months, the district authorities had tried to implement odd and even numbers in Kashari, Khyndai Lad and Motphran, but this plan failed later. that the commercial taxi drivers have protested until the government had to suspend.
Parties also have to change with the times in terms of working methods and services, strategies, policies and programmes.
It is believed that the injuries were severe in parts of her head from the blast, until she died.
Regarding their claim that the Robert Hospital has not informed them of their request for information through RTI, Pastor Phawa said it is just a misunderstanding.
“The FKJGP leader said that the Seng has urged the Council according to its authority to direct the Rangbah Shnongs to issue strong rules and regulations to protect the youth from the evil of drugs and to prevent the entry and exit of other ethnic groups in the villages.
Shillong: Theophil Basumatary, NSS volunteer and student of Martin Luther Christian University, has been selected to participate in the Republic Day Parade in New Delhi in July
The cleanliness drive was led by Kong Wensida Malieh, President of the Seng Kynthei Shnong, Upper Nongjri. And it came to pass, when they had cleansed them, that they spread themselves along the highways.
At the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the objective of the meeting was to identify the needs and prepare to work in the coming days for the cleaning and revival of the three They are from Shillong.
Khliehriat, July 7: For a few hours, a traffic jam on the National Highway at Sonapyrdi near the tunnel has occurred due to the fall of rocks and hills in the river. This happened at about 4 pm this morning. The incident occurred at about 4 pm on the road.
At this meeting, the shopkeepers, with the support of the village leaders of Nongspung-A, have decided to stand against this order and will not demolish these shops, but if anyone comes against us, we will resolve them by force or fight against them.
“Such leaders of our people who have not taken responsibility, we would like to strongly condemn the Minister of Education and also the state government which has waved its hand and said that it cannot do anything because The examination was conducted by the NTA,” said Bah Roykupar.
After the accident, the driver of the truck left the vehicle with the key.
The aim of everyone who wants to run for election is always to make money.
Kejriwal said that ICU rooms have been running out in Delhi and oxygen has been running out in Delhi. He said that one hospital has run out of oxygen since at 3pm last Saturday and this will turn into a somewhat serious disaster.
In June 2021, the CEO of Shillong Municipal has issued an order to those who build illegal houses to immediately stop their construction on government land which has been designated by MUDA as buildings without permission, but those who built them have done it secretly and have completed those houses which they have built and have begun to live in them by people who have no knowledge at all.
Singh said the Assam government has awarded up to T.20 lakh to those who have brought fame and glory to the state while Manipur and Mizoram have awarded T. 10 lakh and T.5 lakh.
Jovial Andre Laloo will prepare to take part in the Paragliding Accuracy Pre World Championship to be held in Himachal Pradesh from the 5th to the 10th of this month.
East Garo Hills has 11 new cases, East Jaintia Hills has 21 cases, East Khasi Hills has 542 cases, North Garo Hills has 26 cases, Ribhoi District has 277 cases, South Garo Hills has 49 cases. cases from South West Garo Hills, 20 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 76 cases from West Garo Hills, 60 cases from West Jaintia Hills and 12 cases from West Khasi Hills.
“If we talk about the demands of the party from the past, it means when we sign the Cease Fire,” said Bah Blah. , once we have understood the situation in the first chapter, the purpose is the Settlement Agreement.
I have written to the MLA but if you don't follow up, it won't happen.
Protein-rich foods that you can eat every day :Eggs : Eggs are one of the foods that can be included when choosing a keto diet.
Speaking on the occasion, Ban, former MDC Mawkhar, said, “Today, I have handed over my resignation letter to the President of the party, Gavin M Mylliem. The CEC, which I could not reach yesterday, has decided to dissolve the PDF to join another party.
Digitization of 83 per cent Waqf properties has been completed and the remaining Waqf properties will be digitized in the next 50 days.
The title of Most Beautiful Girl of Mawkyrwat was awarded to Ibadapynhun Lyngkhoi and the title of Rangkynsai was awarded to Pynbhalang Snaitang.
The Minister's promise came after the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by its President Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh expressed its concern about the inadequacy of the Nongstoin Maternity and Child Health Hospital. Civil hospitals, PHCs and CHCs and shortage of staff nurses.
He said that there are also jobs which do not go through the MPSC which are appointed by the Government departments.
“The Advisory Board has been empowered to arrest people and the imprisonment can be up to 10 years under Clause 7 of Section 9 and two years of imprisonment under Sub Section 2 of Section .
As he had promised, Bah Adelbert has shown his deeds and it was on the 16th of July that he sat down to stay at the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong. Goldy Warjri, a young man from Lumdiengjri.
The family members, when they were afraid that she was dead, tried to throw her body from the bridge into the water, but the body was stuck in the middle of the bridge. They came and took the body.
A nation that is free from evil is a nation blessed by God.
The 246 winners of various competitions from Nursery class to College students received prizes, certificates and commendations.
He said the government is in the process of improving and rebuilding the infrastructure and appointing new teachers in schools and educational institutions.
Freedyson Majaw of Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society Shillong scored the first goal of the match before the end of the first half.
On the one hand, the presence of this service is a great blessing to the people but the failure to operate is a great challenge for the people who use this service (Jio).
, because this bill distribution system has affected the poor and has put them in great difficulties especially in these times of income crisis.
The 22-year-old journalist, who escaped under the cover of a burba, has now fled to another village.
In the second leg, Samaro won 3-0 goals in the 33rd and 63rd minutes through Forward Pdang. Reformer Bareh in the 61st minute.
“Maybe if it is true, the MPCC President may know this but I don't know anything,” he said.
The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, said that the complaint of John Leslee has been referred to the Privilege Committee of the House.
Therefore a strong law is the most important thing to fight drugs, otherwise it is too difficult to fight".
First of all, I will follow you.
Mr Kyrshan Chullet, Village Headman.
“We have made it clear that we are against this Bill which threatens the people of the North East, we have also made it clear that if this Bill is passed into law we will break our friendship with the BJP and “If they bring back chess, we will oppose it and we will break our friendship,” said James K Sangma.
The subject, which is long to discuss, but we don't know, whether the Khasi District Council, has understood or not in these days, when in the name of the disease, the State Government, has increased many powers. One of these is the State Government's visit to the Dorbar Shnongs to fight against the corona virus, and the registration of many shops, in which it seems, like the KHADC, does not don't have any spirit.
When asked about the arrest of the EJH youth, the Minister said, “I have not received any details on this incident but the NIA has arrested one youth involved and is conducting investigation. The State Police Department should provide assistance”.
Stephan has already received the support of NPP MDCs from War West, War East, Jowai South and Sohmynting-Khliehtyrshi and hopes that MDC from War Central Holando Lamin will come forward to give his support. him.
About 67 students from Meghalaya have arrived in Guwahati from Imphal by a plane arranged by the State Government.
These areas agreed to be demarcated according to the MoU are Tarabari (4.69 sq. km), Gizang (13.53 sq. km).
Then there was another explosion in Kabul, near the US embassy.
He said the party will discuss with the Prime Minister on this change in KHADC. “We will inform the Prime Minister regarding this incident, but this is the responsibility of the MDCs in KHADC. “It is up to the MDCs, because it is they who will take any decision because they are the elected leaders of the people,” said Bah Metbah.
Nongstoin, 23 Naiwieng: After the people of Nongstoin Constituency on Saturday 21st of this month, they were able to elect their leaders and today is the 24th of this month. The people of Nongstoin will receive their votes for a new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to replace Maieid Hoping who passed away recently. month old.
Who can bury the lut of the sep in his house?
The tournament will be held at the Indoor Hall of the Seiñraij Jowai at 5:30 pm.
Oooh, immediately he called his son who was standing nearby with his mother.
He said that this village still has many shortcomings because many people in this village are still poor.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Bah DD Lapang, Shillong, who has been admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong for several days, has been shifted to the International Hospital, Guwahati.
JOWAI: Pyrwa Lymba has been appointed as the new Dolloi of Darrang District.
There were six different teams including five teams in the men's category and seven teams in the women's category.
Musk's SpaceX is preparing to launch a spacecraft with a speed of 15,000 miles per hour or 25,000 kilometers per hour. most in the world.
The MLA said that the next step that he as MLA together with the officers of the PWD department will take is to prepare a project which will be called 'Improvement of Nongstoiñ Town Road' which will also be sent to the state government and he said that as an MLA he will monitor so that the government can allocate funds for the improvement of the existing roads and also the village roads that will connect from one village to another.
In her opening speech, Kong Bilet Tariang expressed her gratitude to God that as a believer, she has received the blessings of God. has decided to build a church at a cost of Rs 2 crore and was consecrated in The most holy heart of the Lord Jesus.
Not only in Mawklot but it is reported that this incident has happened in the whole Mylliem constituency.
“We have agreed to lead the EC after the HSPDP and UDP refused to take over the leadership.
“However, until now, there has been no punishment and the houses built without permission from the MUDA office have now been destroyed and occupied by people who do not know where they came from. ," he claimed.
At this meeting, he explained that there were those who asked, “Are you strong, are you sure that you are fighting against these high-ranking, wealthy, whom he alleged that before they won? “If they win, they will lose the future of their future generations,” he said, adding that this is not only happening in his constituency, but across the state. said Mr. Nongrum.
According to Dr Khongjee, he has already informed the leaders in the state after receiving the order.
They also carried placards and called on the government to release the report immediately, as the judge has already handed it over to the government for many months.
By Bah Philip Marwein 80 per cent of the residents of the state are farmers and during elections 80 per cent of the voters are farmers.
These households were fined from Rs.10020.00 to Rs.40080.00 each.
When contacted by the parents, they expressed their concern over the election duty of the teachers as it will affect the students.
One reason is the lack of family life, where parents don't have time to teach and raise their children and another is the changes in this age such as the internet. who can easily view and see pornography to mislead people's minds.
He said that all these things were thought to happen only in the rithor, but now the state itself is experiencing all these.
The host state, Sikkim, is also preparing to welcome competitors from Darjeeling, Kalimpong, Siliguri and other neighboring places.
“How painful and sad I am when I see them lying dead there, only God will comfort their souls,” said the Minister. crane to those who are at home.
“We should not do anything by heart but we should think carefully,” said Dr Roy.
The Director and Head of Office, AIR Shillong, T.Hynniewta gave a speech on the work of AIR Shillong in the past years to provide information to the people and also to provide awareness programmes.
Shillong: There have been 426 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 417 recoveries and 9 deaths.
In this pandemic, those who have nothing, those who are well off, those who have a proper job and those who do not have a large deposit in banks will not survive for two or three years; There are some people who don't even have two or three inheritances even if they don't have the opportunity to earn.
On the other hand, Bah Bormanding Nonglang, President of the Congress Committee, has delivered a speech.
Jowai: The U-14 and U-17 Football and Athletics Selection will be held on the 6th of January 2020 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
When asked about the new issues of the UDP, Bah Paul said that the new issues are on the welfare of the youth, as the youth are now in the midst of severe economic crisis and decline. The fight against drugs and other illegal beverages is an issue that the Seng will take seriously.
He said that the order has been issued in another case where the Rangbah Shnong in Jaintia Hills has not given his approval to a woman who has married a foreigner.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the raid, said that in the past few days, two persons who named themselves as Maraid Duia and Zack Zack, have criticized too much. which has affected the longrynieng of the leaders of the Raid.
On the other hand, VPP Leader, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit said that the meeting was held because they wanted to bring in a government without the NPP. He said that they are sad to learn that although there is a law banning all political parties, it has not been respected.
Shillong, March 3: Mawlynnong, Pynursla, has once again been awarded the cleanest village in India.
Of course, the AITC is a Bengali party, and everyone has seen what happened in other states like Tripura because after the elections, they left the party.
Earlier, when asked why he wants to contest from two constituencies, Dr Mukul said he does not want to say why he wants to contest from two constituencies. The media will investigate the reason for this.
The Executive Committee led by the NPP and UDP under the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has welcomed the two MDCs and the seat of Thombor Shiwat has also become stronger.
Another issue is the issuance of trading license to foreigners which has become very popular these days.
The suspect was identified as Bah Yespar Parïong, 50, of Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, this theft is easy to do, but training is needed from time to time by the Govt.
What is needed therefore is, to model the life of the present time, upon the traditions which have always existed.
These MLAs were sent to join the NPP on 6th June, 2023, four days before the people of Sohiong elect their MLA. It will bring the glory and name of the party to Sohiong and will be a way to reach out to the people.
Through the residents of the State, the Meghalaya State Unit has been established to fight especially the people of Hynniewtrep against the forced vaccination against Covid-19 as a violation of human rights. according to the rights and privileges we deserve.
Sawmer SC won a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh and a trophy while Nongthymmai SC won Rs 40,0
Khliehriat, Nailur 12: A woman named Kong Priskila Suchiang of Donaskur Village, Narpuh District, has been killed by suspected Bangladeshis.
However, cleaning your muscles protects you from injury.
Regarding the price of lyer shet, Bah Roykupar said the union has suggested that the state government should ask for more allocation from the central government for the households to get lyer shet through the Ujjwalla Yojana Scheme.
Prestone said that it is because of the great work of the private health centers that the government has provided each oxygen plant.
They should take only the teachings of the Sadducees and Pharisees, to respect the laws made by man.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that Meghalaya is a state with many people living in agriculture. The government's goal is to increase the income generation in the rural areas.
Babu Will was elected Tymmen Basan through the Presbytery in
After holding meetings in the two villages on Tuesday, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, has called on the chiefs of these two villages. From Mawlongbna, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Klining Kharnaior, was accompanied by the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima. King Amos Malniang, from Thyllaw, also came to accompany the Sordar of Nongtyrnem.
She said that there are 53 POSCO cases in EJH, of which 28 have been charge sheet, 20 have been heard and awaiting report. 9 cases, there are also 8 cases of murder these include 6 cases of murder of women and 2 cases of murder of children.
China has warned that a third world war will break out by attacking Taiwan if the country tries to unite with the Chinese mainland.
My son is directing this film and his fifth film as a producer.
Gomes, who has been in football for 17 years, said he has never complained against God. the role of Mei and thus, I got this talent to become a player"
According to a source, about four people were killed in the incident," said a statement from the Army.
Explaining about the character of Bah Mangkara Khymdeit, the Rangbah Shnong, said that although the deceased was not stupid, but he had a shortcoming in terms of thinking.
On 04th July 2023, another MLA, Esmatur Mominin, who leads Phulbari constituency, has resigned as MLA of Phulbari constituency. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
The most important thing to protect our land is to deploy the government and police to protect the border areas with our fellow citizens, so that the society can be more peaceful.
If those contractors cannot work, how can they submit the tender, because in fact before submitting the tender they should have understood how much money has been allocated for the work”.
The NEDA was formed in 2016, when the BJP brought together all the national parties to join hands to fight against the Congress.
The campaign has been conducted at 330 numbers in the Balloting Unit (BU) and 288 numbers in the Control Unit (CU) in West Jaintia Hills District. , and as usual mobile phones are used to enter the information as well as the ID of each EVM. Then they will enter all the information from the mobile and connect to the server of the Election Commission.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the Tirot Sing Indoor Stadium has already been demolished and a new one can be built.
The 3rd Meghalaya Open Softball Championship 2023 organized by the Meghalaya Softball Association (MSA) started on Tuesday at the Second Ground, Polo.
A Shanpru Officer i/c Sohiong Police Output also gave a speech on the POSCO Act.
Bah Romeo Mawrie, Rangbah Kur Mawrie, expressed his satisfaction to see the enthusiasm of these two men who are strengthening the spirit of cooperation in the Kur.
But the Word of God (the Bible) has to tell us about God and where he lives!
Explaining on this statement by Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Witting said, “With a sense of sorrow, I would like to clarify to you readers of the newspaper, all that the news in the newspaper is wrong. false and unfounded.
However, the decision of the Supreme Court on this issue is still pending”.
He was the first Khasi to take over the Marwari market and received many awards for this.
Therefore, it is in this way that the Trinamool Congress Party wants to elect a leader in that position and that is Bah Sounder Strong Cajee.
Indore has been an example for Indian cities and also for those in other parts of the world in terms of urban space management and community participation.
He said he had no knowledge of the incident, because on the 15th day of the alleged incident, no one came to stay in the room and he said he was sure. On the 15th, there were counting agents of HDR's son to discuss the work of those who stayed in other rooms of the guest house, as it was the day before the polling.
The borabor plant is found only in dry and warm places.
Lad Mawknor LP School and Syllei U Lar LP School received the construction of a building worth T. 14,22,500 lakh and T.4,59,724 has been collected but this money seems to have been lost and the work of the paa has not been completed and has remained idle for 10 years, he said. Kharnaior.
Like the Japanese, they call themselves Nippon, but they don't want to be written as Japanese.
However, suddenly they came in groups and without thinking they threw force and did not fight but fled and killed themselves.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The National People's Party (NPP) will soon decide on the name of the candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary seat for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The children of the latter shall punish me, my father, and my mother, who have done evil.
Anjela Nongrum said that she will plant again the old variety.
There is no one like the Lord Jesus Christ who came to SPEAK HIMSELF and GIVE up His life for our salvation.
Grace Mary Kharpuri left the polling station first, while PN Syiem did not attend the meeting.
A booklet on the drama was also published and a speech was delivered by the former Vice Chancellor of NEHU Dr. Barister Pakem.
On the other hand, the MLA also requested the school authorities and the women of Mawphru village to implement the work properly for the benefit of the people when the development works come to the village and especially to provide the cooperation from leaders and officers for other development projects.
Although the government authorities have made it more difficult for the passengers to travel because they have escaped from the traffic jam, it has also affected the people who earn their living from this industry.
Meghalaya has also won 35 silver and 78 bronze medals.
Dr Mukul Sangma said the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project, which will facilitate the transportation of agricultural products to the rural markets, has been funded by the World Bank at a cost of $120 million. MDA has admitted that it has spent in two years, but it has not been seen even after five years.
In fact, he said that there is a doctor called Dr. Kshiar who has been appointed by the government to work at the PHC, but this doctor does not come to his workplace. “At first he took leave and after the end of the leave he went away,” said Julius Dorphang.
He said that whether it is the BJP party or any other party or private individuals, he requests that the allegations through the media are wrong. The problem cannot be solved, but if they have complained to the government, they will surely be able to do something about it.
Thakur said that there is a plan for further development projects in Changthang and surrounding areas.
Jalyiah are the fourth team to qualify for the semifinals of the Second Division Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA), while the Third Division team have qualified for the quarterfinals after finishing second. Round 16 will be played on Monday at the artificial turf field in Diengshynrum.
Earlier, Jirang MLA Lamboklang Mylliemngap, who is the Parliamentary Secretary of the MUA-II government, resigned on the grounds that he has to respect the law.
There are police chiefs who are good at communicating with the public because they understand that without the cooperation of the citizens, nothing can be created especially to curb crimes like drugs.
Dhar said the vote from the NPP was the highest in Meghalaya.
Ebor Lang Shiang, Research Scholar and Assistant Secretary of the Sohmynting Dorbar Shnong, told about the natural resources through the agricultural products and wild fruits that God has set aside in Sohmynting.
They were arrested along with the seized ïitkhmat and handed over to Dangar Police Station.
Bipul has been the Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress Committee (MPYCC), the Working President of the DCC of Ri-Bhoi District, the President of the District Youth Congress Committee (DYCC) and the MDC candidate of this party.
while the monthly bills of the paid residents are received exactly without any delay and without any delay every month.
“WELL, GOOD AND FAITHFUL SERVANT, thou hast been faithful over a few things, and thou shalt be faithful over many things. ENTER INTO THE JOY OF THY LORD.” Matthew 25:2
Nongtnger said that on 7th October 2022, police have arrested two of the pump robbers identified as Barabor Namsaw alias Kyrshan Makri and Bhaijan Warbah.
“At present, the officers may be busy with various programmes, but as soon as the Puja holidays end, we will try to resolve this issue as soon as possible.
Candidates should use their registered mobile number to get this opportunity through IVRS. Furthermore, candidates can also call the UPSC at the following phone numbers 23070641, 23381073, 23384508 & 23 from from 12 noon on July 2, 2023 to 5:00 pm on July 12,
Therefore, the government has planned and created the mechanisms and strategies to provide financial support to the groups of youth organizations, said the CM and added that so far it has been implemented through the Chief Minister's Secretariat. It will be handed over to the Sports & Youth Affairs Department.
It is to be recalled that on the 11th June 2023, a family in Wah Ïingsyiem, Smit, Kong Sumita Mawthoh, alleged that the poor rice she received was mixed with pesticide or Urea.
At that time, God will make all things new.
He urged the people to vote for him in this election, by working hard for the seven (7) districts of the state, as a man who has traveled around the world through the and as a teacher at NEHU, he strives to provide the best service, that is, “to develop the state in all aspects like other prominent states in India” by advocating within the working Parliament.
The office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar include President Pyrshang Dkhar, Vice President Sunidakut Dkhar, General Secretary Philip Dkhar, Assistant Secretary Kong Jiotis Dkhar, Treasurer Kong Thwentis Dkhar, Advisor Oris Dkhar and Chosly Dkhar and 11 Executive Members.
The mid-term elections in these two constituencies were held after the resignation of the MLAs elected in October,
He said that as the media is the fourth pillar of democracy in India, no one can ignore or despise them.
Because the second phase of the demarcation will start soon after the celebration of Independence Day of India.
Many railway lines in Telangana are still under repair especially after the heavy rains.
Shillong: Six MDCs, while withdrawing their support from the Executive Committee led by Bah Teinwell Dkhar, have expressed their regret, when their discussions on the issues they faced with the CEM, did not didn't listen at all.
However, this time Kolkata has prepared not only players from Kolkata, but also several foreign players, in which these players along with the entire team have already arrived in Nongstoiñ from Tuesday night.
Prestone said that in fact, the problem faced by the government in the construction of the road is due to the problem of land acquisition as the land tenure system belongs to the private sector.
Chinese authorities have also warned residents nearby to stay indoors while the weather is not calm. Twenty-five kuratia have escaped from Maoming in the evacuation due to the natural disasters in the western parts of Guangdong province.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhroh, Romeo Nongspung and W.Shylla from the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency (IBDLP). ).
However, it is not yet known exactly how many seats they will win.
Speaking to reporters on the first day, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that as the Minister of State, it is possible that after the approval of the meeting, to postpone programs and tell them that there are political parties in Shillong and he has to leave.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has decided on the selection of 15 members including four standby players to represent the state in the Vijay Hazare Trophy. BCCI inter-state tournament for men, and the team also includes one professional cricketer.
The state government will have to submit a report on the power distribution situation and the hearing will be held again on May 5,
A church in California has defied state government regulations by holding a service with nearly 7,000 congregants.
Kumar finished second in 1 minute 45.88 seconds, behind Qatar's Abubaker H Abdalla (1:45.53), while Chanda finished in second place. 2:01.58 behind MK Dissanayaka (2:00.66) of Sri Lanka.
The Supreme Court has issued an order under SLP No. 17901-02/2015 dated 6-11-2016 which is based on the order of Guwahati High Court WPC No. 6845/2 .206/2011 which directs the State Government to take a decision on how many weighbridges should be established in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that if there is an incident of assault on HNYF members, the law exists and it is the duty of the police in the area to find out the truth about the incident. or their accusation.
Regarding the complaint of some people who have been quarantined at the Community Centres, Tynsong said that the state government has done its utmost to provide for the needs of the people. The people who are under quarantine, but the people who come from abroad have relied on the government.
The MPUF spoke to the Waheh Shnong of Mynthning by phone and he admitted that they cannot change the decision of the dorbar on the eviction of foreigners.
Sadly, as a society as a whole, we are still thinking about how to eradicate this evil.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has demanded from the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to introduce an industrial school. The Vocational Training Center in Khliehriat on 9th July 2023 has lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner.
He said that the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has rushed to sign the MoU, because it has not consulted or had any consultation with the landowners before taking a decision. , but it has turned away and forcibly transferred to Assam, he said.
According to the budget, the Minister estimated that the government will receive T.12,510 crore, of which revenue will be T.11,280 crore and capital T.1230 crore.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has strongly criticized the Assam government for the construction of a Border Out Post (BOP) at Sabuda, Ri-Bhoi district. in Meghalaya.
Shockingly, the electricity supply has been cut off since 2014 and the residents have to burn candles and now there are those who use solar light but this has not happened. was persistent because there were times when they received light for only 2-23 hours.
Besides the proposal of 18 schools as Isolation Centres, the Diocese has also provided 5000 masks.
Those who use loudspeakers without the permission of the District Magistrate will be punished by the Local Authorities.
At the meeting held at Hamren, both the sides decided to maintain the Status Quo in any development projects implemented by the two districts or the State Governments.
In 2015, the COP-21 Conference in France agreed that global warming should not rise above 2 degrees centigrade.
He said that through the CM Elevate programme, the Government has a special focus on those organizations that are fighting against drugs and also for those who have escaped from drug addiction.
Mark believes that with these daily feeds to the cows, even if it is the time of slaughtering, they will provide the best meat to the farmers.
Shylla added, “The government will facilitate those who wish to make wine by providing them with proper licenses and permits.
Prestone Tynsong said the Meghalaya government has also decided to ban foreigners from entering Meghalaya except those who need to take medicines or other unavoidable needs.
I don't want to name them,” said the senior officer, who is now a member of the Revenue board.
After the death of the writer, the district authorities in Patna rushed to Paliganj village, 50 kilometers from Patna, where they tested the neighboring household members and found that 15 of them were infected. On July 15, 2020, they tested positive for the virus.
Matthew 13:28-30- “.
However, it is clear that they are waiting for the outcome of the final talks with senior NPP leaders that will be held soon.
Those who lost their certificates include Guidance Mukhim, 16, who wanted to apply for Birth Certificate, Satarday Nyalang, who wanted to apply for Epic, Ombli Suting, 70 and others.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Border Area Unit (KSU) Pynursla has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of doctors at Pongtung PHC.
Those who attended the meeting included Edilbert Nongrum, General Secretary, Bah Donroy Kshiar, Assistant General Secretary, Iaineh Wahlang, the Women's Associations of Khanapara and others.
In the past years, Salman has had the opportunity to act in Karan's films including Kuch Kuch Hota Hai.
The Minister left for Shillong after holding a meeting at Resubelpara.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Syndai Unit on the 28th of this month conducted a training for the youth on child marriage and health.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of WJH, in a statement, said that the residents of WJH have been able to purchase food items online or by phone. so that the residents of the village can buy online or by phone through the phone numbers to be announced.
There is a lot of poverty and child marriage is still rampant.
The court did not agree with the reports of the NHAI and said that the inadequacy of the road has affected the passengers even those from outside the state such as Barak Valley (ASSAM), Manipur, Mizoram and others who used to pass through this road have also affected the trade and the people in many ways.
Mawkma Youth Club has won the U-14 Football Tournament organized by the Maraikaphon Youth Club on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the Maraikaphon Youth Club. by defeating the Seng Khliehshnong Youth 1-0
Habahun Dkhar MDC Saphai, arrived in the House at the time of the swearing-in ceremony and took the oath.
On the complaint of the Rangbah Shnongs that MUDA charges a large sum of money to get an Occupancy Certificate, Gilbert said that Ronnie told them that the MUDA officials know the rules and regulations. they are not implemented according to the rule.
The people know how they dealt with the incumbent MLA.
In other countries that are tomorrow and rich, it is the students who create jobs and their country will grow and become rich.
The meeting was conducted by JYF President Poipynhun Majaw and announced the decision to give the government 7 days to remove the DC from West Jaintia Hills District. “We cannot take any strong decisions,” said the Chairman of the meeting.
Kharsyiemlieh recalled that after the people of the area protested against the soskular, Prestone Tynsong Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state has said that it will not be signed. The soskular cannot be opened once again and this statement of his is unacceptable.
The HITO leader said that the arrival of these Sikhs was to set fire to the state and sought clarification from the Punjab Government whether the Punjab Government will Punjab is ready to sympathize and forgive the illegal immigrants in Punjab, why is it only Meghalaya that has the blood to sympathize with those people.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 4: Former Minister and MLA of Umsning Constituency Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh has slammed the MDA government for the delay in opening the Maternity and Child Hospital at Umran. Parila in Ri Bhoi District, which has been closed until now, although it should have been opened to provide services to the people, especially the mothers who have given birth.
They are residents of Siejlieh village in Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District and earn their living by farming.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem which was attended by the JSU, KSU, Dawki Tourism Development Society (DTDS) and leaders of the Jaintia Hills District. CCIB Chairman Sukkynjai Myrchiang, CCIB Secretary Kmen Myrchiang, Morningstar Suja and others.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, one new case has been confirmed today while 7 cases have recovered.
When we talk about Syiar Ryngkuh, it reminds us that every morning before the sun rises and falls on the earth, we hear Syiar Ryngkuh screaming to announce the change from night to morning.
In fact, the CM of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has promised to increase the deficit of all UP schools in Meghalaya at the Teachers' Conference held at Asanang Tura on 27th Aug. 2018.
Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has Rs 14.91 crore, Food Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal has Rs 12.82 crore and Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has Rs crore rupees.
The tournament will start on the 28th of this month with Real Kashmir FC playing their first home match against Rajasthan United FC and Gokulam Kerala FC against Inter Kashi.
There is a suspicion that the machine has been installed after some residents have asked the PWD department for the reason for the delay in the arrival of the workers. The RTI requester has lodged a complaint with the CIC. There is a complaint from the public that the reason for the RTI request is after they found that the employees of the RTI According to the RTI applicant, Bah Disparsing Rani, he found out that even at 12:30 pm during the working hours, there was no one. Shillong, October 02: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has announced that its general meeting will be held on October 5, 2016 at Jaiaw Shyiap Lum Pyllon Community Hall at 11:00 pm. good morning.
(7) To do their works righteously, not to be selfish.
The violent clashes between the Meitei and Kuki ethnic groups began in the state in January, killing 219 people.
At these clinics, medicines, blood tests, ultra sound, x-rays and other necessities were provided.
He said that the village authority which looks after the welfare of the village has to take this step because it does not want to see any tragic incident.
"At the end of the 1000 years there will be these things (1) all the wicked will be resurrected.
On this occasion, the meeting was enriched by songs and dances and the distribution of awards to several persons.
These garbage dumps have been suspended for more than six months since the 4th of June.
“I ask the Government, as the people should also ask, is this a conspiracy? That is the question for the Government to answer to the people,” said Dr. Mukul.
He said that the MLAs in Mawsynram have escaped and reached the beneficiaries and he has also distributed the Work Orders.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 23: A school teacher in Songsak has gone missing since the 2nd of this month while she was on her way to school.
Explaining the reasons for his departure from the UDP, Bah Antonio said, “It is because I don't see that there are leaders who have the voice to speak out for the people especially in KHADC. for example, the VAB, the protest against the MUDA issue which has been suspended until now.
Dr Mandaviya was accompanied by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mandaviya, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Giri Prasad, MD, NHM Ramkumar S and others.
“They have also brought a report from Andhra Pradesh that there is no formalin in any fish imported from Assam or Bengal. “In any place, there should be one place to test these fish,” said Bah Hek.
He said that even the Constitution of the country has been amended many times because it needs to listen to the wishes of the people.
The group said that the incidence of the disease is through unclean sexual intercourse in Jaintia Hills and even in other parts of the state.
Regarding the letter received from the KSU, the company has replied that the location of the Mawpud is according to the records received from the NHAI and DC of East Khasi Hills. However, she said that she has been directed to conduct another survey to check again and if there is any error, the company is ready to correct and remove the Mawpud.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 13: The 8th South West Khasi Hills District Inter-School Athletic Meet 2022 has started on Tuesday. The Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat (NHSSM) has held a competition on the 13th June, 2022 at Saitsnad, Mawlangwir. The winner out of 9 schools who participated and won 21 gold, 12 silver and 10 bronze medals.
They also failed in class-VII.
In death everyone is the same but sometimes it happens like this. It is wrong to praise and praise oneself.
On the other hand, he will arrange a day to inspect the border areas and villages to try to explain to the Assam government that the demarcation of the border will be according to the will of the people. resident.
At present, there are gangs that rob and kidnap traders in Garo Hills but what surprises the police is that these gangs use AK-47 and 9mm pistols which are usually used only by gangs. armed with police forces.
Not only that, the Government will also provide proper bookstores.
Nongrum said that KHNAM wants to elect its candidates because it wants a person who has the spirit to work for the people and not to take advantage of the party just as a platform. with elections.
Many farmers and field owners have been shocked by the fact that their fields have been filled with soil and are hesitant to get rice this year because their fields have been filled with shyiap.
The meeting was attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, former Home Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, opposition MLAs including Charles. AITC and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh from the Congress.
Ravi said the search, inspection and investigation was conducted in accordance with the provisions of the NDPS Act, 1985 under the supervision of Shivangi Goel, IPS (P).
This food donation is part of the Association's efforts to help others at this time when poor families are facing difficulties in going to work due to the curfew to fight against COVID-1 one Ri.
However, child marriage not only affects the health of the mother, but also the health of the child.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Krishan Pal Gurjar expressed his pleasure to meet with the government officials from the district. expressed their activities to achieve the goal of Aspirational District and it is through their hard work that the District has improved in terms of implementation of the indicators according to the goal. of the Aspirational District, he said.
Many houses were burned down.
Donny Wahlang, MCS officer, passed away today.
Other nations began to migrate to other heavenly bodies but we remained in Mohkhiew for a while until that Mohkhiew turned us away.
Although Sawmer didn't score any points in the match, they played well after returning to the SPL. you played in the second half.
Similarly, Pandora, after receiving the gift from Zeus, wanted to know what was in the small box.
“I make it clear that this court is not against any traditional custom or belief of the people,” he said. he shall not issue NOC or interfere with the district administration or the police”.
Amit and Roland Wahlang said that during these three days, people from Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Telengana, Jharkhand, Rajasthan and Air India will participate.
Shillong, Nailur 15: After receiving information from the market that some parts of the market have become a dangerous place for drug trafficking, the Hima Mylliem police this afternoon. Under the leadership of their OC, Bah S.Nongkhlaw, they raided these areas and found that there were dozens of youths who had gathered but as soon as the police arrived, they fled. noh from this bag.
The Indian Rupee has fallen by T.16.08 (25.39 per cent) in the past eight years, the Government of India today announced in Parliament.
Regarding this action of the DC, the KSU has questioned whether the DC can pay the money of a person whom the company has mismanaged.
As usual every year, the religious leaders of Seinraij Jowai on Sunday went to Iawmusiang to Kbai Mooknor to inform many churches that the Behdieñkhlam festival has started.
At the same time, the World Mission sends its special greetings and blessings to all those who attended the programme, said a statement issued by the General Secretary of the World Mission, Bah Kynpham D Samiam.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court (Acting) Uma Nath Singh, who is sitting on the bench, said that the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court (Acting) He said that the post of leadership is a public service and is not exempt from the Prevention of Corruption Act.
After a while, the Dy.Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah P.Syiem, who was passing by the scene together with the driver of his vehicle, Bah T.Neibon (constable) saw the body. They tried to explain to these youths but they too were involved in the incident and shot dead the driver of the vehicle, DSP Bah T Neibon.
In a statement, the HNYM demands that the district council should remove the word 'Nongpyniaid Shnong' as this word has no meaning in the Khasi village management.
iii) The Translation Award is an annual award to a Khasi writer who has translated from other languages ​​of India into Khasi.
Speaking to media, u Bah Shyngiar Tymsen said that the land where the government plans to build the national highway falls on the land of the Tymsen clan. It was opposite the land of Bah Blah, so he built a false island and took over the land of the Tymsem clan.
The meeting was attended by SSSS leaders led by Herroi Nongrum, Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Lang Wahlang, General Secretary, Bokstar Syiem, Banphrang Syiem and others. the inhabitants of these two villages.
Principal Secretary Urban Affairs, Prashant Naik admitted that besides the shortcomings, the central government last year agreed to send 240 buses under the JNNURM project. the bosses has been a help to the people.
Later we heard that the road from Dam to Mawmih which used to be used by the farmers from West Khasi Hills has been cleaned and improved.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong will play against Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu at 3 pm tomorrow.
“There are some of us who are still working, but because there are people who don't know each other, they get regular, it's not enough, if you have four children, you feed one with meat. “There are those who have worked for decades and have the right to receive full recognition,” said the President of ANEHUWU. Their demand is to also get leave in case any of the employees are pregnant.
Shillong: Speaking on his congratulatory speech to the newly elected Chairman of KHADC, Teinwell Dkhar, MDC of the PDF from Mawkyrwat, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, has said that he has been rudely spoken to by mobile message. to a number he never recognized whose number it was.
Furthermore, they added that they did not release waste or sewage water from their company into the river but bought and collected for proper disposal.
The surprising thing is that the Pnar people from those areas in Karbi Anglong and Barak areas of Assam, as well as the Ri-War people from eastern Meghalaya to those who live in Raijbah Sylhet in Bangladesh are still They don't know themselves as Khasi, they still read Khasi books and don't know anything about those Jaintia scripts.
The Law suidnoh, which is the sacred forest, has three parts, the First Forest, the Middle Forest and the Last Forest.
During the meeting, it was found that the reason for the attacks was the failure of the Meghalaya government to provide full security to the border residents which encouraged the Assam government authorities, Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Karbi rebels. and the Nepalis to violate and violate the human rights of the Khasi on the border.
“Hamas is Daesh (Islamic State group) and we will eradicate it from the face of the earth, just as the world has eradicated Daesh,” Benjamin said in a statement. " Netanyahu said in a brief speech after the cabinet meeting.
5) The Seven Bowls of Wrath:-We can see from Revelation 16:1-21 that John saw 7 bowls of wrath. the bowls of wrath that come down to the earth to destroy the people.
Speaking to reporters, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, whose constituency falls under the ISBT, said, “The ISBT has been constructed at a cost of Rs 48 crore by the DoNER department through the NEC. The government or the relevant departments such as Transport and PWD (Building) should send back the company to build a building because if the new office building is completed, it will accommodate the people. in danger of tomorrow and it may fall suddenly.
Speaking on the occasion, u P.Muksor said that he used to work as a Police (Battalion) since 2008 but it has been two years since he left this job in order to set up this Training Centre. for the youngsters.
“I will not allow MUDA to harass the people,” said Hamlet Dohling.
On this occasion, the MLA announced that the road from Umsiang to Amdubighat will soon be constructed.
Daniel said that his goal in contesting the election is to provide the best service to the people of Mawthadraishan and the state as a whole. He said that his public appearance is not on his own part but because many of the people of the area have expected and hoped that he too will appear for the election. The election will not be held soon.
The exact size of Meghalaya is not yet known as it is a state without borders.
Chairman of the party, Novembirth Marak, explained the purpose of the party in establishing it and how they took the decision to dissolve it. The Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma and the Government Secretary and other Secretaries of State have been involved in bringing them to the social peace agreement.
On behalf of the IPS officers selected by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) at its meeting held on 9th June 2022, the Governor of Meghalaya has appointed Dr Lajja Ram Bishnong IPS Batch, who is currently the Special Director General of Police (Training and Armed Police) Assam, will be appointed as the new DGP of Meghalaya from the date of his assumption of office.
The submission of the report has been going on for more than two months but the government has not done anything on this issue.
At present, 150 people have entered Mizoram after being searched and detained by the Myanmar army.
When asked whether he has received the ticket, he replied, “We will see, we will call in the evening, when it is official, how can we get it at 5pm officially, if they have sent it”.
Krishan said that the event will be organized not only by the state government departments but also by the central government departments, the army and the police.
The program was held at Loomïongkjam as part of the celebration of International Women's Day 2023 under the theme “DigitAll: Innovation and Technology for Gender”. Equality”.
Kharlyngdoh said 27 people were injured in the incident and they were taken to hospital in Nongstoin.
They too have lost their food and even if they are not hungry, they have to go shopping or eat before 10 pm to find out what they have lost! Even the tourists enjoy eating these kinds of food especially now that there are those who sell jadoh and other food prepared by the indigenous people.
The Deputy Commissioner, Symbud Kingsan, reminded that this day was chosen to hold this day which is the birthday of Dr Sarvepalli.
Although the recruitment of teachers has started in the State to fill the vacancies, many schools in the district (more than 50) are still waiting for the end of the problems – to get a quality education from Primary school level.
Treiborlang said that these offices, schools or hospitals run by the central government should be employed by the locals and if they do not appoint staff, it is useless for the locals to sell land to them for the construction of schools. and hospitals are not available.
There are many of these diets that have to exclude certain foods.
Dalal also directed government officials to look into and file a complaint against the officials of the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram (MCG) involved in the construction of the Badminton Court at the HSVP site in Palam. Vihar.
Also present on the occasion were Bah VSwer, BDO, Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Bah PSyiem O/C, Mairang Police Station and Bah Donbok Ryntathiang, Rangbah Kur Ryntathiang. a great work that is the work of the mighty with blessings.
According to the report, police received a tip about the abduction of a woman from Dakhin Krishnapur village by a youth named Suzen Laskar from Sonai, Assam.
“If anyone does not employ or allow children to work in violation of this Act, they shall be liable to imprisonment for three months to 10 years and a fine of not less than 50,000 to 20,000 tyngka. The Deputy Labor Commissioner said in a statement released by the government.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The State Level Committee (SLC) headed by Chief Secretary KS Kropha today approved the projects sent by the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) for the purpose of obtaining the projects. Rs 100.71 crore has been allocated by the Narendra Modi government.
However, even if the Rules have not been drafted, the main purpose of this Act is to enact the land titles issued by the Dorbar Shnongs, Himas with the approval of the District Council.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The protest by the MLAs to overthrow the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has intensified.
When parking the blind, let them first touch the door handle and open the door.
The original meaning as a noun means to send for a purpose.
The poor, when he is hungry, may be seen lying lyngkrang on the floor of his house, on his stairs or going outside to seek help from others, but the rich man shakes his head and cries. and he is a rich man, and the reason is, because he hath many servants, who hire him, he hath many things, which he hath to take care of, to pay rent, and at such times, he cries out because of the thousands of troubles he faces.
It is not easy for those who work for themselves when they are affected by this disaster.
Babu Kular Khongjirem Many of the Himas and Villages across the Khasi-Jaintia Hills have their own dance styles in their own Himas or Raids.
Angel Tayang scored the first goal in the 41st minute.
Why is it true and why is it not true for others?
This will also help create jobs that will help in the construction of houses and also increase the demand for steel, dewbilat, building materials as well as the transportation of goods. eyes.
When I share someone's speech on someone's YouTube channel, some people, when they don't like that speech, criticize the person who shared it.
Let peace and unity be established, and the enemy shall flee and fall.
According to the Employment Exchange Statistics 2019, the highest number of unemployed people are in West Bengal with 77.6 lakh.
It is to be recalled that the performance of these teams has been remarkable as they have not lost in their group matches.
Before awarding the ceremony, Cliff Richard of Anderson Higher Secondary School, Nongkynbah said that he thanked God for his achievement in this first place. bad u.
In this competition, North Liberty Higher Secondary School from West Jaintia Hills District won the Best Discipline Team award.
He said that their demand to amend the Sixth Schedule is necessary, especially that there should be laws to prevent the formation of political parties, but while the preparations for the amendment are ongoing, the Election should be held as usual.
Higher Secondary School, Amwi Jarain Secondary School and Amwi Secondary School Thangbuli.
Stimac also explained about the arrival of the ISL and the number of players who represented India in the Under 17 World Cup in 2017 in India, some of whom have now joined the Under 17 World Cup. the Senior Team.
Ardent said that it was after his defeat that they had discussions and thoughts, in which they were able to draw up and take a decision, because there is no more other ways and means except to establish a new organization.
The Tura Parliamentary constituency will be held on the 16th of June, where 622,189 voters will elect their Speaker of Parliament.
I will say this because so that we can avoid such people to avoid getting sick.
The rally was attended by the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang on how the people take the law into their own hands especially in the case of menshohnoh and others. It has urged the police to prosecute the perpetrators.
G20 commitment Recognizing the threat of climate change, the Indian presidency at the G20 summit this year launched the Gandhinagar Implementation Roadmap (GIR) and Gandhinagar Information Platform (GIP). 'to strengthen the G20 Global Land Initiative.
These leaders have contributed a lot to the Union since East Jaintia Hills District was only a sub-division.
The Chief Minister said that when the NPP formed the Government in 2018, he was not the Chief Minister for the NPP but as the Chief Minister of all the people.
At Pangong Tso, the PLA has a goal to completely transform the LAC and there are strong strongholds in the area known as the Gogra Hot Springs. .
They don't get the support of the MLAs who don't fight for them. Yes, the government has treated us adhoc teachers Lp Rs 12000/ tyngka per month. and they could not fill the house.
Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC Nongstoin Circle said that during the investigation, Kishna Lama in the presence of his mother revealed that there were some Khasi brothers who had suggested to them to change the language. He gave himself up to the Khasi name and Jait for many benefits as it appears that one of them was also able to work in the 3rd Battalion through the Khasi share.
During her visit to Meghalaya, she will also meet the Vice Chancellor of NEHU on the 25th before leaving for Assam.
The seven teams that played on the day include Mawkriah vs Rangshken ACC where Rangshken ACC won 3-0, Sohryngkham SC beat Nangkiew Irat SC 3-0, Sohryngkham beat Rangshken ACC 3-0 Umphyrnai SC beat Laitkorh SC 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Meanwhile, R Rymbai, Judge of the Special Court set up by the state government to hear the case regarding the ILP, has been transferred to the Judicial Magistrate First Class of East Khasi Hills District. first class in East Garo Hills district.
On the other hand, the doctor said that many women want to bring in a responsible government and the UDP is longtrai and myitrai for them.
According to Minister Rangbha, private colleges will not be able to implement the NEP immediately because the problem is due to the need for more people, money and infrastructure.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The Ri Bhoi Achick Headmen Association (AGA) Byrnihat has met with the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to express their opposition to the speech of Jaiaw MDC Bah Bah In a meeting with the Prime Minister recently, they said that the issue raised by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC KHNAM Jaiaw, to implement the Rule 1951 that Garo in the Khasi District Council should not be allowed to contest MDC elections or vote is unacceptable.
There are many young people who are in a hurry to marry and stay for only a few years, then run away and reach the release of five shyieng.
The Cabinet meeting also approved the Contingency Fund Ordinance 2024, which is a temporary measure to increase the Contingency Fund of Meghalaya from ₹500 crore. to ₹1000 crore.
They are also found in Garo Hills and other places.
Shillong, July 13: The Symbud Prime Minister, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, has said, “There are those who feel that Dr Mukul Sangma has done too much. There are those who say that he cannot accomplish his tasks, there are those who feel that if Dr Mukul Sangma doesn't win the elections in
MEPA said that it has received T.5 crore from various government departments.
Speaking to reporters on the 12th of June, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), said the same. to fix the date of the arrival of Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the state.
Shillong: The maximum temperature in Shillong today was 14.5 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature was 4.5 degrees Celsius, in Sohra it was 16.2 degrees Celsius and the minimum 6.8 degrees Celsius. In Umiam, the maximum temperature was 18.2 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 4.6 degrees Celsius.
He said that the markets have been opened since the 15th of this month according to the guidelines of the district administration and all the vendors who live in the Seinraij area have to ensure that they have completed the market. COVID-19 vaccine to be sold at the Seinraij Jowai premises.
The Minister said this while responding to a Call Attention Motion tabled by Mawlai MLA, Bah Brigthstarwell Marbaniang, regarding the complaint of the Union of Village Councils in Mawphor.
Police in Jammu & Kashmir on Friday said they have foiled an operation of a drug trafficking ring in the state and arrested two members of the ring with 22 kilograms of heroin. 150 crore in the foreign market.
The resident of Sunapur or Sunapyrdi, Wom Lamare, who is also the leader of the JSU in the area, said that the river has started changing color since the last few months but it is not as strong as it is now. .
I'm going to come...I'm going to buh.
“We have told everyone that the government is preparing a detailed presentation and once we see this, I am sure that everyone will understand how it is, all the doubts will be clear,” he said. state.
“The opening and closing hours from Monday to Sunday will be from 8:00AM to 6:00 PM,” he said. He also directed everyone to follow the rules laid down by the Government regarding hand hygiene, social distancing, wearing masks. Masks should be worn and worn properly.
The court also ordered that no notification is required to the government for the election of a new CEM in the district council.
The EC of Thombor has decided to set up gates on the highways in collaboration with the Dolloi to collect revenue from the highways.
Shillong, Naitung 20: Job seekers who have applied for the jobs of the Police Department, which the Police Department has invited since 2019 on Tuesday 20th Naitung took to the streets to demand The Police Department and the State Government have requested the police to announce the results of the Written Test in June this year.
That group or country without proper leaders will be attacked by a stronger group or country.
He said that there are about 10 or 12 buses to Tynring every day.
The Nongpoh MLA urged the parents of the area to be united for the sake of preserving the customs and traditions and especially to develop the Sai Ryndia. and the Jain Ryndia, which is famous for the production of the Jain Ryndia, which are handmade Jain.
Another accused, Cheerful K Ryngkhlem of Wapungskur, has also surrendered before the SP. They were accompanied by their relatives and lawyer. by Advocate B.Goyal.
The JACATAM meeting held on Saturday took this decision after careful consideration.
If they set up hospitals and others, it is a safety measure in the health sector like CMC Vellore, Nazareth Hospital &amp; Dr H. Gordon Roberts Hospital and others who have served for hundreds of years.
Through these words, Pastor Sohkhia also gave a speech to the brothers and sisters and the leaders of the churches to be righteous workers and pray every day, because we are living in these times. the days are hard and the time has come for them to wake up from sleep.
On the same day, the HYC leaders, had met with Prof JK Chauhan, with the intention of demanding that he should re-appoint the five persons who have been dismissed. Proff JK Chauhan, without any hesitation, replied directly to these HYC leaders, by saying that the reason for their suspension is because they drink Kyiad in the area, violate the rules and regulations. in addition, there is no money for this tnat.
On these Soo Sngi Le Iaw, the children of Niamtre dance and celebrate with ksing, dhah, bhuri and bikur along with the rituals to honor the Creator.
On the other hand, the DC has issued a written statement on the incident and alleged that the driver of the vehicle was under the influence of alcohol.
The Dorbar Shnong shall be held at the end of each year.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a meeting on 21st November to discuss the preparations for the MP and MDC elections to be held next year.
He congratulated the children who have worked hard and obeyed their teachers and parents until they reached victory.
According to Article 128 of Part IV, Chapter 2 of the Constitution of District Council Rules, 1951, only those who are not Schedule Tribes or Scheduled Tribes are eligible to vote in District Council elections. Citizen, except if he is a full resident within the boundary of the District Council.
He said that the government has given its full support to the AABA and the Prime Minister has already met with all the leaders to ensure that there is no shortcoming.
If the facts are always presented as they are, it makes no difference even if they are news stories that could lead to a firestorm.
She said that these shooters may be tribal children who did not recognize themselves because they were wearing masks and should be arrested immediately.
During his visit to the United States, Dino will also attend the 24th Session of the UN Human Rights Council which is currently underway in Geneva, Switzerland.
It is impossible to punish others just for the sake of a few as we have seen in Pamphyrnai until it has led to the loss of the precious soul of the child.
The DKRSRBD hopes that the people will continue to give their full support until the demands of the village leaders are met and that they will also take part in the march to the Secretariat on the 5th of November to demand. They urged the state government to immediately enact the VAB and also to implement other demands especially the demand for the resignation of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and other ministers of the state government. added.
Uniform(U): Civil(C): Personal Code(C): Law.
Assam also shot dead people in Langph in
The social agreement was signed between the Government of Meghalaya, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Shillong Municipal Board.
However, research by writers and historians has shown that Thomas Jones, because of his love and close relationship with the Khasi and especially his work to improve the income and livelihood of the Khasi, Khasi, he had to fight against the invasion of the Khasi merchants to Sylhet by the Shilot Khar and the British authorities through the East India Company.
“This integration connects the tools of communication channels and also connects people.
At least 50 people have been killed when a plane carrying 67 people and four crew members crashed at Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu, Nepal today. .
This action today by this powerful, corrupt government should be condemned by all those who still have the spirit of knowledge in society and human dignity.
Where is the beauty of the Police Bazar (Khyndailad)? In the evening, only the khar sdieh pylleng pyut, and the sellers of chow cubes, chana, and riewhadem, were covered with only books.
Those who submit their names after this date will not be accepted and those who can participate will be from West Khasi Hills only.
You see, not less than T.10,000 crore has been spent on roads in the last six years.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) leaders reminded the Chief Minister to take action to fulfill the wish of former Shella MLA, Dr. Donkupar Roy. He also urged the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to District status.
Taliban chief Hibatullah Akhundzada, who does not reveal himself publicly and is in charge of the Taliban's political, military and religious affairs, is now awaiting news. .
If these statutes shall depart from before Me, saith the Lord; and the house of Israel shall be cut off from being a people before me for ever" Jeremiah 51:35-3
Raymon Sten scored the first goal for Maitchaphrang Mowtyrchiah (13), while Leibor Ymbon (79) scored the second goal for Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng. Jose Dkhar (36) The semifinal will be played between Khliehmuchut Shangpung and Mookyrdup at 3.00 pm tomorrow.
The Election Committee has directed all Units, Circles, Area Units, Divisions and District Units to submit the names of 10 voters from each unit by 25th June, at the Seng Office in Jaïaw.
There will be violence, the seizure of farmland and the livestock of the weaker ones.
After this, a search was started for those who had contact with the visitors and when they were confirmed free of the disease, they were sent to home quarantine.
The Syiem said the villages under the Raid Nongtung have faced problems from the violence of Karbi Anglong.
“Therefore, we must understand that while we are alive on earth we must be people who have a spirit of knowledge and compassion for others so that peace and order will remain in the state and in the soul of man.
MPMC President Joplyn Scott Shylla on Tuesday said that the protest will start at 11 am to strongly oppose the BJP government. , 2016, or the Immigration Act for Small People; Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga today said he will soon convene a meeting of the Mizoram National Front (MNF) to discuss whether they will continue to participate in the Mizoram National Front (MNF). The North Eastern Democratic Alliance (NEDA), a coalition of political parties in the North East, led by the BJP, will leave for Delhi on Saturday. He will hold talks with the leaders of the Government of India, including the Prime Minister and other Ministers of the Government of India.
It is worth mentioning that the state government has decided to relocate the people living in Them Iewmawlong to another place from 2018 but this work is still pending due to many of the works especially the work of in court.
Shillong: The Trinamool Congress on Friday set up a special department to look into the issue of dangle education and the problems faced by the students.
(xii) to eliminate the idea that women cannot participate in khadar governance.
Phone number 9744883559, Dr.Sr.
The Principal of St Mary's Sister Sonia Chacko took the opportunity to congratulate the students, who have achieved top position in the commerce examination.
Prizes were also distributed to the winners of various competitions by the MLA as the Chief Guest and the Chief Guest, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa and other leaders.
In the 77th minute, Mawlai SC scored the first goal of the match through Fullmoon Mukhim.
Referring to the conviction of offenders, Ri-Bhoi District has topped the list of convicted offenders with 50 convictions followed by West Khasi Hills District. Hills with 31 cases and East Khasi Hills with 30 cases.
And as they progress, religion and customs change in interaction with others.
He said the KSU feels that the KHADC should continue to build this road as it has been decided with the Sengbhalang earlier.
Latiplang Kharkongor said that about 10-15 shops in Madanrting belong to people from Myanmar, Bhutan and other foreigners.
He said that due to the government's reluctance to call for talks with the teachers, it has led them to come out and this has affected the students.
At present, in Bihar, the share of Scheduled Caste (SC): 20%, Scheduled Tribe (ST): 2%, Other Backward Classes (OBC) and Extremely Backward Classes (EBC): 43% or percent for EBCs, 12 percent for OBCs, 16 percent for SCs, 1 percent for STs and 3 percent for women.
He encouraged the residents of this area to preserve their customs and traditions so that the heritage will know their origin.
To say more than that would not be appropriate at this time,” said the Minister.
When I was a child, I used to hear the phrase “Khasi by Blood Indian by Force”.
And the question is whether it is really right for all people to have this protection from harm, the answer is yes, not everyone? The reason is that God knows and recognizes those who trust in Him.
II).
On the other hand, the Seng, in order to encourage and motivate the students and the school management, has decided to award the prize to the school which has the most discipline as well as to the students who have the most discipline. come forward.
It is to be recalled that the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam have already signed a Memorandum of Understanding in the first phase of the boundary settlement for seven disputed areas including Hahim, Gizang. , Tarabari, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillingkata and Ratacherra.
The Waheh Shnong of Khliehmyntriang, Plied Dkhar, said that this donation by the JSM is a blessing to the residents during these times of lockdown by the government to fight against the spread of Coronavirus. The residents are no longer able to work, which has affected their income and to provide for their households.
Mawkyrwat, June 08: The South West Khasi Hills District Rock Climbing Association (SWKHDRC&MA) on Tuesday, June 7, 2023 to encourage the students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. The National Cadets Cops (NCC) has conducted an Adventure Training Camp on how to be a helper or protector to others who have faced injuries, drownings and other incidents. Kynrewmyllah Adventure Training Center and Eco Tourism Mawranglang, South West Khasi Hills Dist.
In the relay, the MSA women won bronze and the men won silver.
To persevere in any job, even if the income is small, the time will come when the reward for perseverance will be greater or greater.
The opening ceremony was attended by Samla Mission Tron, in the presence of Bah Akbar Kharkongnor, Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong and the parents of the two brothers.
He said that the union expresses its regret over the establishment of the Vety department which has not implemented the office, which has caused a huge loss to the people who farm and those who urgently need to find medicine for their livestock.
They were first taken to the office of the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District and after investigation at the SP's office, they were taken back. organization on the police bus.
This comes after Russia launched a major offensive last month, and these attacks come after Russia has begun to intensify its invasion of the country. Ukraine has been invaded since the beginning of the month and has destroyed and damaged various Ukrainian facilities throughout the month.
The purpose of this Ordinance is that if those who have not paid their taxes for many years, if they come to settle, they will get a 30% exemption from their taxes and the government will give them 6 months for it. and if they do not come forward, the government will not refuse to lodge a complaint against them.
Speaking to media at his office, he said that many political parties have spoken to him on this issue and he has given instructions to the Additional Chief Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Political Ministry to convene the meeting.
