'The answer will not be given to anyone' (No.8).
In 1951, Dr Shyam Prakash Mukherji left the Hindu Maha Sabha and formed another group called the Bharatya Jan Sangh.
There are 12 recoveries from the disease.
Purkayastha is also the working president of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC).
“Besides the authorities who used to visit from time to time to attack and destroy the trade, the rule of law, but now there are authorities who visit the house every day.
Because of the high sales, the prosperity and satisfaction comes and this causes many people to know that the company is losing money.
It is worth mentioning that the MLA of Sohra and also the political parties want the registration of voters to be done in manla villages so that the village authorities can verify who is eligible to enter and one is not.
Therefore, the District Council should not consider whether to revise those traditional laws according to the customs and traditions.
PDS WEST BENGAL MLA election 2023 is coming soon.
Seilenthang Lotjem scored the second goal in the 34th and 81st minutes while Rohit scored in the 80th minute.
The series, produced by the Central Bureau of Communication and Graphiti Studio, also showcases the diversity of faiths and the unity that has brought together the different faiths of the country.
The High Court of Meghalaya has suspended all the posts in the state due to the lack of a roster system in the reservation policy of the state.
The NIA investigation has revealed that Mohammad Aslam Sheikh has collaborated with Mohammad Amin Bhat, a private terrorist of the LeT who has been registered with the Indian government. now he works for the Pakistani party.
The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 will be played at 3:15 pm at the 3rd Ground, Polo today. Shillong, Nailur 12: The Meghalaya Body Builders Association (MBO) and the Meghalaya Yoga Association (MBO) have joined hands to hold the second match at 4:45 pm. The 42nd State Yogasana Championships will be held on the 30th November, 2023 at the Aurobindo Institute of Indian Culture, Shillong from 1 pm.
He said that the relief campaign has started working and T.3000/- per person has been allocated to help them.
Shillong: Meghalaya today ended their tournament with a 134-run victory over Nagaland in the U-23 men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy. The match was played at MCA Stadium, Polo.
He questioned the government's decision to discuss with the third group on the decision to evict the Harijans from Mawlong Market.
On the other hand, many of the speakers including the leaders of the State BJP and BJP National urged the supporters and residents not to misunderstand as the BJP has not yet announced the candidates in the state and especially in 17 North Shillong Constituencies.
On the other hand, Purningstar said that the water has been used every moment and every day, so the non-opening of the water supply on that day has put many of the villagers in trouble.
“I am happy that despite the continuing tournament, the players have played well in this first match.
The law shall come forth to receive him, to worship him, and to have his name.
The reading and prayer was opened by Babu EL Mawlong.
Under this programme, the financial assistance is for groups or organizations working to develop and empower the youth in any field.
The truth is that the Khasi believers are shocked to see the decline of the Christian churches and the Christian churches are strong on a strong foundation because the believers have been scattered in their own churches.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Bah Disparsing Rani, a prominent RTI seeker in the state, has found that there is a difference of Rs 71 crore in the electricity bill from Garo Hills and Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The children who participated included Iallin Shabong, Lidia Shabong, Nibada Shabong, Miwanshai Shabong, Niskoda Shabong, Lissida Shabong, Kiewshaphrang Shabong, Shemboklang Shabong, Inrihun Shabong, Iairihun Shabong, Elbokstar Shabong, Salina Shabong, Amparisisha. Nongbri, along with some children whose names could not be obtained.
It was also seen that some of the items of the land owners have been collected and taken to the District Council, and some of them have collected themselves before the arrival of the Enforcement.
This is an inevitable part because Dkhar men attack women whether they are of their own race or Khasi.
There are more than 200 children and youth of the district who will take part in the Meghalaya Games including men and women in various categories including the traditional games of Rah Mookhrah, Dat Mawpoin and Wa· pong You.
He said that he had bought 156 acres of land from Hirabanistar Mylliempdah of Laitkor Rngi and he had pata No. 165 from the royal household.
In this incident, a Maruti Alto was involved in the collision, but fortunately no casualties were reported and the occupants of the vehicle sustained minor injuries.
The era of waiting for news the next day whether through newspapers or other sources of information is over.
Seeds such as rice, wheat, barley should be thoroughly cleaned after harvesting before being placed in the field or in the house.
The price of 20 kg of rice in Bahawalpur, Multan, Sukkur and Quetta has increased by T.146, T.93, T.120 and T.
The state government should have been ashamed of this until the court took such a step to invite foreign police forces to investigate the coal mining activities in Meghalaya.
He has violated the rules and regulations of the Learner Licence. According to the rules of the Learner License holder, if he drives, he can drive two wheels with or without gear but not exceeding 50cc and “If you drive in public places, you must have the permission of your parents,” said the SP. The SP said that the young driver who was involved in the accident in Mawlai has been arrested and He was also taken to court and a case was registered against him.
The team involved in the implementation of ICSI includes Dr. Batiston D. Waanbah (Infertility Specialist), Dr. Wanda B. Makdoh (Anaesthesiologist), K. Aniesha Blah (Embryologist), Stephen V (Embryologist), Staff nurse H.Rana, Staff nurse Darisuk Lyngdoh and Assistant Riwanki Lyngdoh.
It was confirmed today, after a second test was conducted on Jain.
“Many may ask why they invited Bah PT Sawkmie who is no longer an MLA, but I thank the Principal and teachers for inviting me,” said Bah Sawkmie.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the destruction of rice fields in the villages of Khasi, Jaintia who have lived for hundreds of years in Pahar Line, Cachar District, Assam. This happened on the 30th of last month after a raid by the Forest Department, District authorities and Assam Police.
Maitshaphrang Talang beat Shnongpdeng 1-0 in the 50th minute.
Nongstoin, Nailur 30: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma today laid the foundation stone of the Nongstoin-Maweit road.
The AITC has promised to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 through legislation, respecting the feelings of the people.
Jowai, Naiwieng 25: The 33 participants from Delhi, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Assam as well as Khasi and Jaintia have taken part in the Ialong Racing Championship. The competition was held at Ialong, a Rural Tourism Village.
Palak has been nominated for a silver medal in the Junior category at Drishti Sangwan.
Hercules Suting said that the party is deeply saddened by what happened to the people in East Jaintia Hills, who went to protest against the Public Hearing of the TOP-CEM. The union also condemns the government for forcibly stopping the people who wanted to oppose the Public Hearing, because it has led to the shooting and bombing of Longkmie.
The political parties and their supporters have also started to stir up trouble to cleanse the people with their words of jali ja um and dozens of kinds of promises.
He said that the ban on coal mining will continue if it is a slow mining or if it is not mined according to the modern technology.
Jowai, June 25: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has warned all truck drivers especially those who are driving on the village roads or enter the village such as Pasyih, Kyrgyz, Nongbah and other villages. village.
However, as we have seen, almost all the projects carried out by the government do not reach their goals as planned and end up in failure even though it is necessary and beneficial to the people.
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the price of SK Oil has been changed as follows:- The price of SK Oil from Jowai = Rs.52.00 per liter ( SK Oil Agency Price, Jowai = Rs.46.65, SK Oil Sub-Agency, Transportation Charges= Rs.2.00 per liter Godown/Labour Charges= Rs.1.85 per liter Profit Margin= Rs.1.50 per liter) Rs.54.00 per liter These new prices have been implemented from 1 st October
Leaders of farmers' organizations in the past have also taken action on this issue.
"This manager is special for us, and also for the club," said the Van Dijk captain.
Therefore, when trying to gather information around the country, whether in the city or in the countryside, most of those who are spectators, who are not involved in politics, say that the struggle itself is difficult. and it is impossible to say who will reach the goal.
“We have taken the final decision and we will not allow the Jowai Municipal Board to dump garbage at its new garbage dump at Mooshutsdai Mookabeng because it has overdone the people of the area and if it continues “The spread of garbage will affect the environment,” said Kutinbiang.
This initiative of the government should be commended.
So do you understand the plight of the farmers? Isn't the protest at such a time that you are shedding the blood of us farmers to destroy the Marwaris? If not, where do you get the money to hold meetings around Khasi Jaintia? Who provides fuel, food and drink for your volunteers? What is your source of income? I have to ask because I have never seen or heard of you asking for financial assistance for your needs.
“The reservation policy has been implemented for a long time and there is no attempt to change it but this time when they have accepted it we will work together without political gain and we will work together without discrimination against one ethnic group. ", he added.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, read out the condolences to the House and informed the House that Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh is a former MDc who passed away on 26th July. , 2015.
“We were ready to pay the land rent if the land owners came forward to accept.
He requested the Minister to take action on this issue of the people of these 20 villages.
Shillong, November 19 : After the closure of the MCCL factories, the State Government has announced that it will soon decide to shut down the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) due to the inability to reopen the plant. company even after investing more than Rs 300 crore in the past 15 years.
The team will play its first match against Iraq in Valencia on July 16 followed by a friendly against Germany in Gelsenkirchen the day after the match against Iraq.
Shillong, July 17: TMC MP to the Rajya Sabha, Derek O'Brien on Tuesday spent time with the students of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Tura.
Before handing over to the future generations, the present leaders should ask, isn't it time to fix the problems, improve the roads and cover the roads? Isn't it time to look back and examine the demands that have been demanded for more than 40 years? Let me give an example from my own life and experience. I studied class 9-10 at Mawkhar Christian High School in 1986-87, Shillong and I often spent my time attending and listening to the public meetings held by the KSU in Motphran after school.
813 British citizens have died today from the coronavirus and all those who died in The number of cases in the country has reached 20,3
Guwahati: Ten thousand Gorkha households on the Assam-Meghalaya border have decided to stay with Assam ahead of the second border settlement. It will start between Assam and Meghalaya.
The government does not have enough money to build the prison.
Bonney, who has been the Conservator of Forest in Sambalpur Circle of Orissa, said the tree is very strong and is estimated to be about 40 years old. It is a fast growing tree and it is said that in Karnataka it is also planted well.
On the part of the department, we have tried our best to release the remaining salaries of teachers on time along with other payments including school grants, uniform grants to the students.
Speaking to reporters, Minister Nongrum said that he has no knowledge of the NOCs of foreigners to trade illegally in Majai, but only the Syiem of Sohra Hima knows about all the NOCs.
The robbers shot and beat Christians in Telangana and set fire to 10 vehicles of Bibles.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Gideon Kharkongor, Honorary Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association. Mawkyrwat Sports Department, Mawkyrwat Sports Department, Elders of Mawkyrwat Village and Village Council and Mawten Sports Club Leaders.
For those guests who want to eat outside, this place has a restaurant for those guests who like to eat outside.
JOWAI: The Election Department of Jowai and Amlarem on Saturday celebrated the 10th National Voter's Day under the theme “Electoral Literacy for Stronger Democracy”.
don't mix your hands with clean water.
Now we understand that the Kingdom of God is not on earth as it is in Heaven, all that man can do is to believe and accept if he wills.
"I am sure that people from Kashmir to Kanyakumari will cast their votes on the lotus flower which is the symbol of the BJP," Modi said.
Commenting on the non-release of funds by the Finance Department under the supervision of the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Bernard said, “The Chief Minister has preferred to hold expensive festivals while many of the workers have not yet received their salaries.
The training to the students of this university on the dangers of alcohol abuse including kiad was given by Ms. Dakapaïa Bareh Field Coordinator of SURE. information and has worked with people who are addicted to alcohol.
He said the government has already reduced the VAT to 20% on petrol and 12% on diesel and today the government has decided to reduce it from 20% to 20%. 13.5% per liter for petrol and 12% to 5% per liter for diesel.
The first public service which started at 10:00 pm was conducted by Lt.Col.
Sawkmie said the UDP Mawlai Circle demands that the authorities in charge of the school should be suspended immediately so that it will be a warning to others in charge like Mawphlang and other districts.
Regarding the traffic jam at the tollgate and the lack of vehicles from one lane, the manager of the tollgate, Krishna Mohan Mishra, said that the two organizations did not agree with the decision. say it’s cleaning time.
Bah Handil is survived by his mother, Kong Weslin Lamare, four daughters, one son and four grandchildren.
As the author here and also the statement that this country of Khasi Jaintia is a country of Tipbriew tipblei maybe it was in the past but now it is no longer so or Scotland of the East this too is far away. The claim that Meghalaya is a Christian State which other ethnic groups have been thinking about or the claim that the household of those who have the dignity of the country where the Gods live will not be accepted. come and see, come and see, it is not so.
At the same time, the Seng as part of its efforts to help this family, on the 14th of this month, the Seng was able to donate food items and other items.
“We have informed the PHE department about the cut-off of the water pipes but they have not yet completed the construction,” said Bah Kharmih.
Hammyllien Dkhar (25), Sakhiatmi Siangshai (30), Shaniah Dkhar (63), Deiwi Rymbai (69) and Sambud Dkhar (80) scored the five goals for Pasyih.
Aizawl: The Mizoram Church Leadership Committee, in a letter sent to the Law Commission of India, has requested the government to will first look into the adoption of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
The tournament was opened by Bah Lover Roy Lyngdoh, one of the youths of Umroi area as the chief guest and who also donated money for the tournament. From different clubs came to take part to make this tournament a success.
He said that the Letter of Award to the company was issued by the department on 16th June 2021 at the price of 9526 tyngka per Smart Meter. 1715 tyngka and GST 259 tyngka which is in line with what the Ministers have informed before the Members of the House.
Earlier, the body of the driver of the Indico was recovered from Sohra after being abducted by these robbers from Shillong.
One day we will have to die from this world because of physical illness or for any other reason.
Shillong, July 29: Former MLA and Congress leader from Mahendraganj Nidhuram Hajong has joined the National People's Party (NPP) along with his supporters.
The school has now celebrated its 25th anniversary since its establishment in 1977 which was inaugurated by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of the school. RBYF Sengkmie as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Rocky Kylla Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar, Bah George Dkhar Chairman of the school, Rangbah Shnong, elders of Umsning area, teachers and students of the school. .
On the other hand, on the renaming of India to 'Bharat', Pala said, “I think this is also the end of the world. specifically, the Indian economy has declined excessively.
Donroy Kshiar said that Assam had started the construction of the road in 2019, but due to the opposition of Michael Warjri, it has been completed. you don't have to worry.
The Minister said that except for the collapsed part of the Dome, the IITG has found that other parts of the House are in good condition and the structure is stable and has not been affected at all.
The government should clarify these issues and only then can the Harijan Panchayat Committee reconsider, without affecting our right to reject this proposal,” said Gurjit Singh. newspaper.
The Clean the Myntdu River (KYKWM) will hold a public march to raise awareness to protect and improve the Myntdu River, known as the source of water for Jowai on 11th July
Shillong, Lber 25: The Meghalaya High Court has directed the State Government to submit a report with statistics on the number of poor girls, new mothers, who have been excluded from the health centers to receive treatment during the outbreak of Covid-1
Every family is part of the Church.
When participating in the meetings, participants should bring their own drinking water bottles.
Shillong, November 29 : Rising CC won the Shillong Cricket League 2022-23 by 30 runs against Combine XI Laban Pyllun on Saturday. on Friday.
Speaking to media, Bah Disparsig said that among the vacant posts allocated by the central government for this training scheme, the posts are the most important for the implementation of the training. .
Religious leaders from various churches, Rangbah Shnong, Women's Associations, Sengbhalang, Police were invited to attend the meeting. They came to this meeting.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Marcuise N Marak, Minister of Soil & Water Conservation, said that the Self Help Group Mela is the most successful part of the implementation of the scheme. PMKSY. The stalls and exhibitions by the SHGs showed the commitment of all the farmers and Self Help Groups.
Besides these world famous rowers, there were also 15 rowers from India and 15 rowers from Meghalaya, who came from different villages and came to participate in the competition. .
Precious Tang 45'+1 and Heisniawki Syngkon 90'+1 scored two goals for Khimusniang.
They went to every river and every lake, and to every place, that they might not come to fish.
Informing this after the Executive Committee meeting, CEM Teinwel Dkhar said that it has been decided to convene a meeting of all the MDCs tomorrow to discuss the amendment of the schedule. Hynriew is the riti rule of the country.
Two others were injured in an earthquake that occurred after heavy rains in Jaintia Hills.
There were 7 students of the school who passed the SSLC examination including those who passed in the 1st division and other grades.
He said that he and the youth of Nongryngkoh will meet with Bah Prestone Tynsong to request that the state government should create the means to clean up the road from Nohron to Nongryngkoh. turning traffic on this road.
However, today, the teachers of KJDSTA New Zone have admitted that APSTA is involved with JACATAM, but its leader has temporarily turned away.
It is to be recalled that the ASHAs have been protesting against the government's failure to release funds to them in the past few days. increase the wages for them.
The land shall be owned by a person who does not have a relative if the deceased is judged by the Kur, the Jait, the Dolloi or the Elaka.
Ezekiel 43:7.
It was late in the afternoon when Jesus and his disciples crossed the sea and it is not clear that two or three hours had passed since Jesus taught and spoke to the people about the Kingdom of God here. in the world.
The state team is ready to face Karnataka in the final of the Santosh Trophy on Saturday at the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh.
There are nights when it lights up from 12 noon to 4 pm or 4.30 pm and there are nights when it lights up from 1.30 to 4 pm and so on.
The Loomkyrwiang Urban Primary Health Center has been operating since 2020, but today the foundation stone of the Loomkyrwiang Urban Primary Health Center was inaugurated by the Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. The Urban Primary Health Center has helped the people who need to get medicine from children, mothers, fathers and youth. to serve 12 villages near Jowai.
Police said that there are about five suspects involved in the robbery who are also members of the same gang and these robbers were arrested during a raid at the Garden Headquarters in Thursday.
The HYC has lodged a complaint with the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima, Paiem P Syiem, who said that his office has not received any information that there are these coal mining factories and has not given permission to these factories. build coal mines.
It is learned that Bah Lyngdoh, has stopped the smuggling of beef after a protest by the beef vendors, who alleged that the smuggling by the DTO of Manai, is They were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Peterson Lamare and Namewanki Pakyntein took two wickets each.
The sound of the maryn-od, the besli or the sharati stirred up the people who didn't listen to that sound.
In this regard, sources said that talks are ongoing for this issue and it is expected that if it can be resolved soon, they can elect a new leader before the deadline. put.
Their thinking is that the Hills State leaders have brought us into the State without borders.
Diengshynrum is a village in Khliehriat Constituency.
At the time of writing, the meeting of the District authorities has ended and the second meeting has just started, which was attended by MLAs. George B Lyngdoh, MLA Ri Bhoi and James Sylliang and Latiplang Kharkongngor, Executive Members of the Khasi District Council, took part in the meeting. On the Assam side, Dr Mansingh Rongpi, BJP MLA from Baithalangso Constituency and Executive Member of Karbi Anglong District Council, led the delegation.
Former US President Donald Trump began his public appearances again on Tuesday by holding a rally in Greenville, North Carolina.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has organized a public rally against uranium mining in West and South West Khasi Hills District. Members of KSU Sengkmie and others attended the ceremony.
“If the party announces ticket for Bah Kharsynrtiew or me, it will not affect the supporters in this constituency, because our supporters do not support the candidate but support the BJP. and I know they won't come out together".
She said that they cannot get qualified teachers in science, mathematics and other subjects and have to teach by teachers who are not from that subject and Hindi has been made compulsory, but there was no allocation for Hindi teachers and the school.
On the other hand, the coal traders from Pynursla have supported the curfew, said Bah C Khongsit.
God created the sun, moon, and stars – “And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. rule in the night; and God made the stars also: and God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth" (Genesis 1:16-17).
What do you mean by Jaidbynriew ? The Family – long family? Where is the foundation ? What is the difference between the King and the Ministers ? Who is the ruler of the King , the Minister , or the Pyrsa Kynthei ? Until now you don't understand?.
Adding to his statement in the media, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem said that this statement was made after the appearance in the media or social media about the alleged incident. Inside the 100 bedded Mawkyrwat CHC, South West Khasi Hills, there has been a heated argument and the reason for this is that there was a job that was planted without any notice. “But the names of the winners of the appointment have been seen,” said Bah Kit.
At the same time, the party wishes that the New Year will be a year of development for the villages and a year of blessings and increase in income. peace and order will be restored in the state.
Instead of focusing on education, the youth have to look after the country and the nation with the infiltration of foreign and foreign officials.
The new election law allows us citizens of India to link our Aadhaar number with our voter ID.
This means that they have lost their ownership of the land or they no longer have the land of their own to live and work.
Dramas in Garo language, songs, dances have been held from time to time in different parts of India.
The Mock Exercise will be conducted simultaneously in all districts of the State.
The cause of the fire is unknown and it is suspected that it may have been caused by an electrical fault.
This is a lyngkor that can cover the lights and cover the ground on both sides.
However, the vision that affected his mind most was the threat of the invasion of other high-paid ethnic groups from other parts of India.
The price of diesel rose to T.69.06, T.71.61, T.73.53 and T.72.91 per liter in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai today.
Directed by Cores Marwein, written by Lansius Syiemlieh and produced by Lansius Syiemlieh, the film features songs by Anthony Khriem, Emsalon Jana and Alisha Pyngrope.
The Seng Kynthei of the Seng Khasi Kmie on the 23rd of this month held a ceremony to honor its students who have passed well in various examinations this year.
“Ka seng has been demanding from time to time to set up police outposts in the border areas, but the government has ignored these demands of Mukroh. “It's because there are no police outposts in Meghalaya, because of that, the Assam police will come to attack our brothers and sisters. “We don't want our brothers and sisters to lose their lives. We urge the government to take responsibility for this. “It's a national struggle and not a political struggle,” said Bah S.Suchen.
“Why don't you thank me for your pleng.
The death toll has risen to 1,290, bringing the total to 63,1
Ampa Reen, who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that as a family that serves the people, she has nothing to refuse but accepts the party's decision to to contest the upcoming MP elections.
Regarding the VC's violation, Prof Kma said the JAC has decided to write to the President of India and the Governor to lodge a complaint against him.
An 18-year-old US student has died after a bullet hit her in the head while she was walking near Nashville.
Chairman Bah PN Syiem, who said that he is on the side of the UDA, has made it clear that he is not on the side of the UDA, because he has joined the PDF to hold 15-1
Ryntih's Melvin Warjri tried to save the ball from Diego but the ball went into his own net in the 81st minute. Rheadolf Daloi scored the last goal from the penalty spot in the 90th minute.
In July this year, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi received widespread support when he conducted the Bharat Jodo Yatra through Loni in Ghaziabad's Loni. .
The family members of the deceased said that they had been able to talk to him last night, and they had sent him to buy weapons to bring home. He was also found dead by the shopkeepers at the Lay-Bye Market in Umryngksai.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Metbah said, “It is regrettable that MDCs from the UDP and others from the UDA in KHADC have left to support the UDF”.
Kshitij Singhania, who scored 49 runs (3x4s, 4x6s) off 35 balls, scored 10 runs for SCA-A.
In this regard, the party is deeply concerned about the stingy counting of the leaders of the area because during the elections they only promised to carry and leave the burden of the shon u shiliang household but this promise of theirs is only Because in this time of evil, there is no leader who is able to lead the people.
Nongpoh, June 29: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District took part in the Northeast Festival 2022 which is also part of the Azadi, Amrit Mahotsav, the 75th Anniversary of India, the 50th Anniversary of the State and others. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District today held a rally on the rights of girls (Beti Bachao Beti Padhao) with the participation of the bike teams of the state.
On this occasion, the Minister said that the question was sent to the Department of Legal Metrology and that is why the Minister has given the answer as it is.
The DGP said that police will patrol in Shillong especially in the Manipuri areas to prevent any violence. own hands, and if they need help, they should inform the police.
According to the source, two members of the family were seriously injured in the blast and no one has been seriously injured in the blast. The names of the victims are not yet known but it is learned that one of them is 5 years old and the other is 28 years old.
He said that as a student who has worked to improve the society, he has long wanted to have visionary leaders like Pastor Shanlang who has a responsibility for the poor. rangli and also for the youth.
These roads, which were inspected by the MLA and MDCs, include the 10 km road from Umden to Mawlong, which cost about Rs 4.5 crore, the road from Umden to Umrang 8 km, which cost T. The road from Umjari to Umtrai and the road to Umsiang, which has cost more than T.3 crore, are also the most important roads for the people living in the area.
Speaking to reporters, Sharma said, “You see many party leaders leaving the party because they think only of themselves, they think they cannot become MPs in the Rajya Sabha, or they will These are the reasons why they left the party.
Shukla stressed that the initiative focuses on education in the indigenous languages ​​of India, on the one hand it will be beneficial in improving the quality of life in the country. you read-read.
The pastors said that they have also informed about the singing of the national anthem in schools such as Bharat Mata but Kohli said there is no compulsion as it is up to the school authorities.
If there is a lack of voltage like in India where many people have no power generators, then you will find that the bill will increase sharply and the number of bill payers will go to the office to increase.
“I would say that the Executive does not take a fair decision, but the officials are not trained on this issue and I commend them despite the busy schedule to execute the government's decisions regarding and any development works, they have to look after the peace and order in the village and they can still carry their responsibility in the work of the judiciary,” said the Chief Justice.
“At that time what will happen to our children and young people? Don't talk only about the future but about the present.
A public meeting of BJP candidates was held in Karimganj and Borjhar, Guwahati today. Kripanath Mallah and Queen Ojha, but no one attended the two public meetings.
The synrop language: After trying to identify and analyze the words through etymology, it was felt necessary to look at other synropktien snapshots which are common and exist when speaking the Khasi language.
In a statement, the President of KSU Laban Circle said that many of the members of the KSU Laban Circle said that this is a force to force the youth to take another path. and popped the map.
It is learned that the village has been involved in robbery and other illegal activities.
The money released by the government to the company was 30 percent of what was allocated and it is a question how it was released without any penalty,” the newspaper said.
I would like to thank the Chief Minister, the Minister of Information Technology and the Government of Meghalaya for their role in this journey, and for their support to start the work in the state.
“I have never seen such a thing like this in the pond and it is shocking and maybe the government's power outage if it is justified. “It's not like the water will come to run the electricity generating plants,” said one of the mothers.
They were taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for postmortem and later to court.
Of the 18, 11 were members of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and two were members of the BJP. , who is also the party's candidate in the South Tura MLA election against the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
HSPDP MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, who is also a Minister of State, has resigned from the post of MLA before joining the UDP. Two suspended Congress MLAs including Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem and Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie have resigned from their posts before joining the UDP. Lambor Malngiang is also ready to join the UDP to contest the upcoming elections.
It is clear that the State Government had conducted a thorough investigation before deciding to implement the Reservation in
There are 125 students including Pre-Primary Class to Class-V. The school has also received a more suitable location on Diengjri Ratacherra Hill donated by the Ratacherra Village.
On the other hand, FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit together with Byrnihat and Baridua Circle have taken the initiative to find a garbage dump on the grounds that the FKJGP is concerned about the spread of garbage. The Syiem of Raid Marwet and the Hima Mylliem today visited the place in Umnowe Village under Raid Marwet. in the Kingdom of Myanmar.
War teaches people to live in peace, respect and honor each other.
AIDS is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Meanwhile, Independent MLA Lambor Malngiang expressed his satisfaction with the passage of the Bill and PDF Leader Hamletson Dohling, who said that this is the path of unity of the people. the people of the east.
However, no one came forward from the NHAI. Therefore, the union and the village leaders have opposed the NHAI's proposal, standing firmly on the grounds that while the NHAI The road improvement has not been completed, the NHAI has not been able to open the revenue collection point.
He said that we need to provide special protection for women in the state, and to empower women is the key to improving their status and women are the budlum in the state. society and it is important for society to work together to fight against many forms of violence against women.
“Oh, you are so close to me that I have called you specially from farther away than I am.
Therefore, when we respect our race, we must also respect our language which has been taught by us as a nation that knows God and knows Briew.
In an attempt to reunite the parakur parajait who belong to the same village, the Seng Kur Warjri has decided to welcome the parakur parajait who have changed through the ages by shortening the names of their villages. They were the sons of Nongbri, Tynghah, Manai, Wahksing and Nongbri.
Young children from poor families are portrayed in a negative light.
The HPC has also decided not to allow anyone to enter the new building of the Legislative Assembly, due to any injury to them. there is nothing wrong with that.
UDP Senior Leader Bah Bindo M Lanong has strongly criticized those who mislead the people and said that Bah Antonio is the candidate approved by the UDP. you can't work with your party.
Ons Jabeur, who ranked second in the tournament, defeated her opponent from Switzerland; which won the title ten years ago.
Ampareen MLA Laitumkhrah-Malki, said last year on Art 371 of the Constitution, that the state should be included like other states. .
However, India has failed to provide evidence that it was not involved in the killing of the Canadian citizen. murdered within the borders- of Canada itself.
Shillong, Nailar 19: To mark the Raksha Bandhan, the women of the BJP party today visited the Border Security Force (BSF) at Dawki and Ranikor BOP. Minister, MP, and leaders of the BJP Mohila Morcha to visit the borders of the country to meet these soldiers by tying or wearing a rakhi on them.
During the meeting, a discussion was held between the Minister, the teachers and it was recognized that the main reason for the part-time dropout of the children is due to the lack of facilities in the schools. migration to the city, the lack of untrained teachers and others.
“This is a violation of the Model Code of Conduct.
In another match, Mihmyntdu FC beat Tpep Swer FC 4-2 in the second leg of the 2023 FIFA World Cup.
“This year too in the Legislative Assembly I have put forward a motion to speak on this issue, but as the issue of reservation policy has arisen which is also an important issue I have had to withdraw, I remind. He said that since the dual post in 2016, after the Bye election, the same Government has tried to relocate but until now they have not done anything and even now with the allocation of 1.4 acre land this Government has said to relocate. In July, this will also be enough as the MDC and MP elections are approaching,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Rieweh said that according to the RTI received from the MSPCB on October 17, there are only five coke factories in the district which have received the CTO. The RTI reply said that 12 out of the 36 coke factories have received the Consent to Establish (CTE) from the MSPCB and most of them have established coke factories. These factories are built with coal.
V. Narayanasamy has arrived in Mairang to attend the Congress general meeting of West Khasi Hills district. Khasi Hills, which has five constituencies including Rambrai, Mawshynrut, Mawthadraishan, Nongstoin and Mairang, does not have Congress leaders.
Shillong, March 30: Up to 12 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have launched the Daju Iewduh dress at a meeting held at the office of the Hima Mylliem in Mawkhar.
About 1,320 houses have been destroyed and collapsed in the quake, bringing the death toll to 500 reported by the media hours after the quake struck. on that day.
“First today we discussed the water shortage in Mawïong Umjapung because last year the PHE department had allocated more than T.24 crore for the implementation of water supply in Mawïong Umjapung,” said Bah. Process, who is also a former MLA of Mawlai, told reporters after the meeting.
The photograph shows ISIS members shooting together near the swimming pool and there was also a celebration by setting off fireworks.
Police have rushed to the scene and later taken the bodies to NEIGRIMs for post mortem.
Take these four young bulls, and one young bullock, and two rams, and two spears, and two rams, and ten heads of grain, and ten sheaves, and three heads of grain.
Standy Stone Kharshandi scored 31 runs from 25 balls, while Arnold Shadap took four wickets for 20 runs in four overs followed by Mebanshan Kharsati who took two wickets. He scored 12 runs in 3.3 overs.
When asked whether the Supreme Court has accepted the case, he said that the Supreme Court has not accepted the case.
And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them.
She looked for a piece of paper and a pencil and began to write about the reason for her decision to take her own life.
The Seng suggests to the Government to export agricultural products to other states by allowing farmers to register with the Government so that they can check before leaving another state to avoid the spread of Covid
The government has also collected electricity bills from 84,012 households which have received electricity while the remaining households are preparing to build electricity.
The by-election was held after the sudden death of MLA Clifford this year.
“On behalf of the Corporation, we have proposed many things to the government to promote tourism and attract tourists to the state.
Shillong: Lumdiengjri Police have arrested the guardian of Mawkhar Church, Bah Alphas Bareh, for allegedly misappropriating T.3.23 crore.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Raid Nongtung Circle has sent a statement in support of the Assam government's plan to install electricity in Sabuda. Kdar, to give its full support to Sabuda, a village which has strongly opposed the Assam electricity project.
Therefore, he urged all the people to have the spirit of protecting the environment where in these days many people have destroyed the environment. “The need to protect the environment should not end on this day and we should continue every day so that we can truly preserve the environment,” he added.
Today’s decision is not just a legal matter; it is a vision, a promise of a better future and a symbol of determination to build a stronger and more united India.
For God Himself says – Your thoughts are different from my thoughts, your ways from my ways.
Besides many of the challenges he has faced as a cyclist, Mehul Lakhani also spoke about the situation in Manipur, where he urged the Manipur government and the central government to take action. They have decided to take measures to end the bloodshed in the state.
At the same time, those who commit acts of hatred and violence must be arrested with a strong and righteous hand,” said the statement.
He said that this year the department is striving to provide the best service to the people and to fight against food shortage or “Zero Hunger”.
Myanmar's head of government, Aung San Suu Kyi, has no voice on all these issues.
In fact, for 51 years we should have had at least two such power plants – one in East Jaintia Hills and one in South Garo Hills – because these are the areas with the highest coal production.
Speaking to reporters, James Sangma said that the National Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Saket Gokhale is a person who does not understand the working methods of the government and that is why he has criticized the government without any basis. state.
However, in the end, the decision belongs to the people, whether it is the candidate or the rich party or the poor party or the poor candidate.
I have taken some ideas from SJ Samartha's sermon, What Is Repetitive and What Is New In Life? It is part of human beings and creation as a whole that we see and experience the same thing. life-threatening every day.
In business, the Christian also steals, lies, and joins in the trap of sin and the world to corrupt and deceive to please himself.
Nongpoh, Lber 18: The Executive Committee of the Nongdewsaw Village Council, Ribhoi District under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah AB Warjri has signed a MOU with a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) JICA (Japan International Cooperative Agency) to hand over 20 hectares of village forest to the company for the purpose of planting trees with the aim of preserving the forests and the nature.
Shillong: Two BJP MLAs from Meghalaya, Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, attended the National Convention of the BJP held at Ram Lila Maidan in New Delhi recently. In the presence of BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh.
According to police, Chhetri had proved that she was the head of the Customs department because she knew how to speak Hindi and she was an assistant to the gang. to many people.
The cause of the overturning of the truck was after it collided with the divider of the NH-6 The driver and passengers of the truck fled the scene.
In this way we see that our state will face a severe food shortage in the coming decades or hundreds of years because even at this time we are facing so many problems that everything has been destroyed. and the beasts of the field, and the jhur, and the jhep, were not sold in the market.
In another development, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, said that the residents of Mawshbuit village have protested against the number plate of the GTC troops on vehicles that should pass through the army gate and no other vehicles that are not numbered on the army list will be allowed.
Miyazaki's beans are the most expensive in the world, costing ₹2.70 lakh per kilo.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, through the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee together with the Tymmen U San Committee, has completed the 'Kiew Pyneh Rngiew' which is 100 years old on the clearing of the holy mountain of the people, Sohpetbneng, which was held today. Wednesday, June 6, 2022.
The website of the HYC was also launched by North Shillong MDC Pual Lyngdoh.
“Many residents from Manipur have come here because of the conflict in their own state.
Sumer said that Heimonmiki L.Tariang has been one of his dearest friends and whom he often consults with from time to time for the betterment of the country. Sometimes valid.
It is learned that the report of this seminar is in the cupboards at NEHU. The environmentalists said that it is necessary for the State Government to take action to disseminate and explain the benefits of the seminar. places to collect rainwater.
On the other hand, he expressed his regret regarding the actions of the Council, as the Council itself expects to generate revenue through the Department of Labor and Trade, forgetting that this will It will increase the number of foreigners.
He said that according to the CMPDI Plan, only 3 wells are allowed to be dug within an area of ​​0.5 x 0.5 KM2
“This is why they say that tourism is the biggest factory in the world,” said Bah Sniawbha.
The vehicle was parked in front of the office of the Meghalaya Renewable Energy Development Agency (NRDC) in Nongmynsong.
Shillong: Fifteen persons, seven from East Khasi Hills District, three from West Garo Hills and four from West Garo Hills District have tested positive for covid-1 one from Ribhoi District and one from South West Garo Hills District.
He said that from the share of revenue received from Meghalaya along with other revenues of the Council, the outstanding salaries of all the Members, employees and pensioners have been paid. the council for 13 (three) months, from June 2021 to June 2022, the repayment of loans to the Civil Works Department and other irrevocable payments.
“It is necessary to make urgent arrangements by turning off the electricity from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm and from 12 noon to 1:00 pm.
However, in the second half, Pahammawlein SC managed to score 2 goals to make it 3-3
Cafina is the first child and was born on 3rd November, 2007 and Maianylla is the third child and was born on 15th June, 2013. They have four children. shipara woman.
Pasan Hill is also a prominent development worker in Mawshynrut area and has also held the post of President of the Ri Lyngngam Rural Development Association (RRDA). ) for about 14 years and is also one of the International Associations in the State.
There has been an attempt to review the State Reservation Policy after 20 years but this has not happened.
Biscuit farmers, one of the main crops in West Khasi Hills, have also been destroyed by the heavy rainfall.
Those who attended the program included members of KYDA, students and teachers of Kshaid Presbyterian UP SSA School, SHG groups under the auspices of Shaphrang Village Organization Kshaid. , members of the Village Defense Party (VDP), Kshaid, residents of Sohra Police Station.
According to Babu, the police said that if the teachers do not turn to the Secretariat by force, the police will not start using force.
He also hoped that through the CAPF team to monitor the illegal smuggling of coal, the illegal mining will stop completely.
Bah Lyngdoh said that these MLA schemes from the C&RD block have been implemented by private individuals who are supporters of the HSPDP and who are coal traders.
He said that through these tournaments, it is also an opportunity for the talented students to showcase their talents, to reach the big tournaments, but He also urged the school children especially in this age not to forget about education which is one of the most important tools in this age of knowledge.
“Father, I'm going to give it to you today.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Adelbert Nongrum declined to comment on the matter, but it is understood that on the 27th he will express his views either in court or in the newspaper. “We will see you again on the 27th, I don't know what to say,” said the CEM. The KHNAM Central Executive Committee today held a meeting to discuss the issue. The meeting was held at the residence of the General Secretary, Bah Batkupar Wahlang.
Shillong, July 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) today announced the first list of candidates for the MDC elections to be held in June
Before these terrible things happen in Langpih, I have a suggestion to the KHADC, to the people of the area, to the persecutors of Bah Nongmynsaw and Bah Raidmynsaw; and to the two chiefs of the Langpih area, Bah Hindro Samakha and Bah Phlowing Syiem Nongbah, that if they accept, they should take a medicine called “Dawai Langpih” and cover the body with spain.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Grace said; “It is our duty to recognize and implement this Act immediately.
Shillong, Nailar 16: Seven leaders of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN), including a 16-year-old child, have been arrested by youths from Khasi and Jaintia Hills with the intention of attacking. They have been arrested by the State Police on Tuesday.
“It is shocking to see that the two leaders of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Kimfa S. Marbaniang MLA and Bajop Pynrope MDC, are talking in the media about the that there are only three villages which have been forcibly transferred to Assam.
The group has demanded money from the Hynniewtrep People Defense Alliance (HPDA), the United Khasi Movement (UKM), the Federation of Khasi United People (FKUP), the Confederation of Meghalaya People (CMP). , the KHYC and the Hynniewtrep Youth Region (HYR).
It is to be recalled that the KSU Mawshynrut Circle has been urging from time to time to remind the state government to build a check post at Athiabari under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, West. Khasi Hills.
The HNLC leaders were seen taking pictures with the ksiang of Bah Sadon Blah at one of the places in Ri Bhoi.
He said the aim of the Congress is to reach out to the people to explain why they should vote for the Congress in order to avoid the danger in the country under the rule of the BJP. “Other political parties should help the Congress to win to ensure and protect the threat of democracy in the country,” he said.
“Swear to me here by God that you will not deal falsely with me” Genesis 21:2
He said that Meghalaya now needs to elect Legislators who will be “Statesman” (legislators who have a vision, a mission and a spirit to serve wholeheartedly and develop the State). “If we want the State to be strong, to grow and to see the implementation of various policies in accordance with the demands of the time and the aspirations of the people, the KSU Leader said, it is time to elect the Legislators and not the Scheme Distributors”.
After receiving information about the incident, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne visited the scene to inspect the incident. Asian Development Bank officials to investigate the incident as the school is still waiting for funds from the bank to build a new school building.
At the same time, the Minister informed that under the JJM, the State has received the award as the best performer State awarded by the Ministry of Jal Shakti besides receiving cash prizes.
Announcing their results, Ainadaphisha expressed her happiness after reaching the third position.
These groups were detained at Uri in Baramulla and Budgam districts of Jammu and Kashmir.
“I don't want this news to upset those who love me.
This negligence of MeECL has upset the residents of the area who have to rely on electricity for many of their needs.
The three-term MDC admitted that his family had forced him to stop contesting the election, but his supporters said they would work hard to bring him to the goal.
As it has happened, we see a sign of unity as one nation through this struggle.
The Government has also allocated for the construction of four-season roads on the Sino-Indian and India-Pakistan borders.
The villages in the three constituencies in West Jaintia Hills District still have to live in a difficult life to walk through the rough roads even in this bright age.
Speaking at the Governing Council meeting of the NITI Aayog in Delhi today, he said, “These three T's are the most important in any mission of the country. India in front of the world"
For many months, the residents of Lapangap have been crying but the question is why the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has not been able to visit and see with his own eyes.
Shillong: The Raid Kongthong Sohra Syiem Ship, under the leadership of Bah Teibor Lynrah, Sordar of the Raid, has decided to hold a puja of the Raid.
Shillong, March 31: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong today sworn in as the new President of the National People's Party (NPP-Meghalaya) following the resignation of former President Dr. WR Kharlukhi.
After a while, a man who is also alleged to be the boyfriend of the girl informed the family members that he saw three unidentified men rape her. the young man went to the forest.
However, the NPP has been able to convince the people of Meghalaya that the NDA leaders can exempt Meghalaya from the CAA.
Speaking to the residents of the border area, they also expressed their concern about the difficulties in coming and going especially during the rainy season when many of the roads are filled with jyrsieh. There are also many places where there are rocks and earthquakes which block the road for vehicles passing through these areas from Borghat, Huroi, Hingaria to Sonapur.
We also have a law against Benami.
In this regard, he said that the party has received applications and some of them have met with the President of the VPP to express their desire to contest the MP election. Dr. Bahunlang Tron, Prof. Lakhon Kma and Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The meeting of the National People's Party (NPP), UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM has recommended to the state government to accept the appointment of only one woman MDC sent by the District Councils.
Shillong: U Bah Hamletson Dohling MLA Mylliem Constituency and Minister in charge of Urban Affairs on 28th July 2019 inaugurated the Lawlyngdoh Village Festival, Lummawbah Upper Shillong. Lawlyngdoh Sports Club will hold the Week
Referring to the election for Sohiong, Bah Mawrie urged the people of Sohiong constituency that if they want to win, they should allow this young man to win.
The CEM said that the fee for registration of land at KHADC is much lower than that which they have to pay at the DC's office, according to the size of the land and also according to the location.
The woman has been missing since 16 November.
He said that the case is now under investigation and the police are working hard to track down and identify the woman who allegedly raped the man.
If you look at India, you have about 4 personal laws, they are1
He said that the residents of the area want the contractors to do something as soon as possible and they also expressed their gratitude to the MDA I and MDA II governments for listening to the The residents of the area, who have been suffering for about 60 years, have been suffering from the deterioration of the road since the Assam government.
The motion tabled by Bah James and the Leader of the Opposition, Bah PN Syiem, said that in these villages which fall under Block II, it is not only the forests that are affecting them. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has suggested that the KHADC should write to the state government to ensure that the Khasi living in these areas are not allowed to leave the area. He also urged the new EC under the leadership of Bah Ardent to follow up on the Proposed Amendment to the Sixth Schedule which was made by the old EC at the time of the CEM. On this occasion, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that it is due to the stinginess of the state government, that the people in the border areas are facing problems.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The State Bank of India, Pynursla Branch on Tuesday distributed tokens to the public. stand on the ground floor of the bank to exchange and deposit money.
Through this meeting between the Village Authorities, the MDC and Paiem of Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship, they decided to demand from the KHADC, that it should issue an Executive Order and amend the new rules and regulations. Under the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, so that it will be an opportunity for those Bhoi children to get the Schedule Tribe Certificate without any difficulty. The mother is a foreigner, but the father is a Bhoi. They are entitled to the Schedule Tribe, because this custom has been done since ancient times.
But I tell you pastors to avoid fighting, fighting... with Conrad, because that is a sin.
Newspapers are the easiest source of information and reading.
Alvin Khyriem Sawkmie has been appointed to the Department of Revenue Collection and Planning.
Shillong: A 58-year-old resident of Arbuthnot, who has been admitted to Nazareth Hospital since 17th March 2018, has died yesterday. which is known as the swine flu.
“I don't think he should have said that.
Shillong, July 10: U Tipsuk Shabong, resident of Lumparing, Shillong, has been arrested by the Laban Police Station for assaulting a Traffic Police Officer. J.Sangma while driving on Red Cross Road, Laban on Thursday.
Rijiju recently visited Garo Hills to see the flood situation in Garo Hills.
He recalled that many of the jobs have been done by other ethnic groups and the good thing is that now we have done them by the Khasi.
Mizoram is also a popular tourist destination with many attractions highlighted by the B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency of India on 3rd October 2023 in Aizawl.
Nongpoh: After receiving many complaints from the residents of Nongpoh area, who came to complain to the HNYF, today the HNYF, Northern Region , has warned against MeECL, and threatened to close down the office if they fail to provide electricity in the Nongpoh area.
These 10 parents and children had gone fishing and crossed the river in a boat together with 2 fellow villagers, but the strong water turned the boat into a thwei known as lad lad. (fast).
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take action to set up temporary check gates at the border areas of the state to check this threat, as the entry and exit points are also closed. The President of the KSU said that if the government's authority is wrong, the KSU will take another step to prevent people from entering the state.
He said that it is an old pond and the soil has just come to improve it.
Public administration is government of the people by the people and for the people and the question is whether the people really participate in the process of governance? Isn't it true that we are only in the election period? If the state is to develop and govern well, we need the participation of all the people.
The program was inaugurated by Bah Olden Nongpluh, General Manager, Reserve Bank of India, Shillong. Officials from the BDO Nongstoin Block office and other officials from banks operating in the area.
According to police, on October 31, when the elder sister was at home, the policeman barged in and raped her again.
Speaking to a Khasi student, Avelyne Francisca Khriam, who won the second place, she thanked God for being with her, her parents, teachers and her The entire school and the young woman expressed her great joy after receiving the fruit of the victory.
However, Conrad Sangma has rejected Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks by saying that this is the progress of the work in the previous government.
It is easy and inexpensive to destroy, but it will take decades to eradicate drugs.
Also present on the occasion were Prof. DD Paul, Professor, Department of Environmental Studies, North Eastern Hill University, Shillong, Dr Paromita Chakraborty, Associate Professor, SRM Research Institute, Shillong; Kattankulathur, Chennai, Miss Priti Mahesh, Chief Program Coordinator for Toxics Link, New Delhi, Mr.D.P.Pabhu, Co-founder Respose Waste Management and Research Private Ltd.
However, even within the state, no one remembers to investigate such cases, especially those related to the poor and needy residents.
Jesus said to him who is thirsty shall be filled.
The tournament is for the Under-15 men's and Under-17 women's categories.
The North East and especially Meghalaya, have their own problems and opportunities, which need to be addressed immediately.
The Dolloi Labang Nangphyllut is also the Dolloi of religion who is responsible for the religious rituals, the kñia, the khriam, the phur, the cleanliness, the life and death and also the customs and traditions.
The union urges the KHADC to take all necessary measures to implement this demand of the union for the benefit of the people in the district.
However, during the rainy season, it is very difficult for the trucks to pass.
On this day, it was seen that the people around the polling stations of different constituencies came out from early morning to wait for the polling station even though the starting time was from 7 pm.
“He said he had spoken to Momin yesterday after he (Mawrie) had spoken to 2-3 leaders from Delhi.
Regarding the election of the Sordar Shnong, since the former Sordar Bah Pilot Nongphud resigned from the post of Sordar from July this year, the Shnong has elected Bah KP Marthong as the Acting Sordar. The Shnong and other government offices have been informed.
“However, for the time being, we have to appoint temporary staff so that the work can continue.
Regarding the failure of the Longkmie to complete her 12th grade, she also sent a message to other youths in the district and state, that they should not lose heart, but should have the spirit. work hard in their studies or in any job they do and hard work and dedication is one of the ways they can progress or reach the goal of success.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Community and Rural Development (C&RD), Bah Ronald Kynta, Chief Operating. COO of MSRLS, its officers, SHGs, Community Cadres, Rangbah Shnongs and others.
The Central Government, seeing that the inability of the State Government to govern fairly, and also to fight the insurgents, and when there is no peace, and affecting the income of the country as a whole, has split. Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh.
On the other hand, Bah Mayral Born Syiem in his speech highlighted the need to have an awareness of the origin of the Ryndia clothes so that it will be of benefit in the preservation of the origin.
Bah Johnystar Mawrie, General Secretary, while presenting the report on the work of the Dorbar Kur, congratulated these two Rangbah Kur who have contributed to the Dorbar Kur.
Multilingualism and the power of languageThe policy has emphasized the use of the mother tongue for education up to Grade 5 and also states that this should be done up to Grade 8 if possible.
He said that the AITC is a national party, which speaks the voice of the people in its respective areas.
Referring to the final match which was held today at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng, Sibsing Memorial Govt.
The State Ranking Tournament 2023 will be held from 27th to 30th November 2023 at the Dorball Hall, Jaiaw Laitdom.
Lead guitarist of Alter Bridge Mark Tremonti has paid tribute to Eddie Van Halen by saying that he is one of the most famous guitarists in the world. the show.
Every school has its own Managing Committee (MC), but this MC meets only once and the members there don't understand their responsibilities.
Tens of thousands of Khasi Pnars attended the meeting especially when they learned that former and current KSU leaders from Khasi and Jaintia Hills will attend.
On the other hand, the relatives of Junmoni refused to accept that the death of Junmoni was due to a car accident and said that the death of Junmoni was a crime prepared and carried out by no one.
Not only that, but from 1st July 2022, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has authorized banks to increase the tax on withdrawals and electronic transactions. ATM cards and banks will charge a maximum of T.21 per withdrawal followed by GST of 18 percent, bringing the charge to T.24.78 per withdrawal. The tax deduction is now T.20 per withdrawal, including GST. SBI has not yet charged any money to those who withdraw money up to five times. I have an account with Canara Bank. I have an account with Canara Bank. I have an account with Canara Bank. I use a debit card and I went to withdraw money from other ATMs that are not owned by Canara.
Speaking to the people to seek their support, Dr Mukul said, “The people have witnessed with their own eyes the incompetence of the MDA government. under the leadership of the NPP in the last three years.
He said that the government has prepared plans on how to reduce the emissions before 2025 especially in the Byrnihat area which produces a lot of waste from factories. the lyer is clean.
Now it is no longer so because of the restrictions on the voting process.
Will the government be established in 10 months? How did you forget the election period? Any government needs at least ten years to show up.
From the residence of Lal's employee, cash worth Rs 20 crore to Rs 30 crore was seized.
It is a special day to honor those who fight fearlessly for the rights and aspirations of their people.
Badrinam Khongkrom, on the other hand, said that she is very sad to see the criticism of her MLA, in which as a longkmie she has sought ways and means how to explain to the people, on the issue. many comments.
He said that the resignation of the Governor is to bring about a clean investigation to find out the truth on all the allegations whether they are true or merely false.
No-entry was also banned from HK Singh to DC Office and from Stan Dawki to DC Office.
Kennedy said he had decided this since 2008 when he contested for the first time from the party but did not reach the goal that year and his success in 2013 led to the election. He did not reach the goal by defeating Bah JA Lyngdoh.
The DC East Khasi Hills has also extended the closure of the dam in Jhalupara, where besides the house of Gopal Ji and Musa Compound, Maya Compound has now been included as the place to close the dam.
The KHNAM State Youth Wing expresses its concern over the increase in violence against women and longkmie in the state.
On the Bill to amend the Sixth Schedule by the BJP Government, the Congress Candidate said that after reading carefully the 74 page Amendment Bill; He said that the BJP Government has violated the Sixth Schedule and it will bring great harm to the Khasi Pnars if it changes the law in the form of a BJP Government.
They said that it is their right to earn a living after working for many years in this department and that there is a rule that allows them to become full time employees.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The BJP has strongly criticized the Congress for dividing and creating ethnic differences over cows.
The traffic jam which lasted for hours happened after the vehicles could not get off the road due to the heavy rainfall and especially as it is a dirt road many vehicles were stopped on the road. in the middle of the road which also disrupted the traffic in the evening.
Shillong: The lockdown in the state after the second outbreak of Covid-19 has affected the income of the residents of the state. The State Government has started to reopen the market and has allowed all commercial vehicles to operate again but the four buses have been allowed to start operating again for about a day.
Other Meghalaya bowlers who won medals included Neelam Roy (2/3), who took wickets in the first innings, Sara Daffica Kharbani (1/5), Sistilin Ryntathiang (1/5). 1/9) and Ankita Sharma (1/11).
However, the Karbi took advantage by claiming that the rice fields of the Khasi Pnars fell within the border of Assam.
But when God used them, they became wonderful people and received fame and glory from generation to generation.
The Ministry invites comments on the Bill from those involved in these activities such as experts, those working in the broadcasting industry and individuals.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 04 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MYM) on Monday suspended the interview conducted by the Social Welfare Department of West Khasi Hills.
It is on this basis that they oppose the mining in Brishyrnot.
He believes and hopes that this College will continue to grow and develop in many areas.
So far, several names have appeared on their intention to contest from the UDP in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Seat, and these include the former MLA of UDP. Mawlai, former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin who recently joined the UDP and KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait who is ready to join the party soon. .
The Territorial Division has a major role to play in curbing illegal trade as well as keeping accounts under the Meghalaya Minor Mineral Concession Rules 2016 to avoid taxes and avoid the government budget.
Sisodia's remarks came after a letter in Canada last month praised Modi for bringing the coronavirus vaccine to the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Rocky Hek on Tuesday said that 43,000 SHGs have been formed in the last five years of the previous government. He has filed his nomination papers before the Returning Officer for the Legislative Assembly elections against MLA Alexander L. Hek and MDC Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem.
Shillong, June 24: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBO) has decided to continue the indefinite strike by forming a Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM). by teachers of private schools to prepare the answers to the SSLC and HSSLC examinations of the students.
This fruit is called the Mandarin Orange, but its scientific name is Citrus chrysocarpa.
He said that the village has already issued a NOC through the village authority to allow the installation of electricity lines to supply electricity to the village and neighboring villages. Syiem, the main reason for their opposition is because they want to become Rangbah Shnong. On that day, they came out with men and women, about 50 people,” said Bah Award.
The report said that Bah Phrailaness was driving a motorcycle (ML 06 4170) and this motorcycle went into the wheels of a truck (ML06A 2572). This was announced by Bah Obarlin Sohshang of Mawsaw Village, West Khasi Hills.
The son of man has become 'smam' without going.
The BJP party is my support where I can continue to serve the people of Meghalaya even after my retirement,” said Dr Rita.
Their parents lived by farming on the hill.
The match was played between Saiden FC and Dame La Jop FC. The match was witnessed by the spectators and in a fierce match Dame La Jop won the title. They won their first title by beating Saiden 2-1
The two injured soldiers were rushed to the Military Hospital, Shillong but their injuries were still critical.
“Since 2012 he has been posted here, but since that year until today he has never come to school and the days he has come in these 11 years are not even 100 days”.
U Bah Goldenstar Nonglong expressed his gratitude and special thanks to all the supporters, who have worked hard for him even though he is still new in the constituency.
Before selecting the 35 candidates, an audition was held in each district to search for the best candidates.
Basaiawmoit said the party has a problem because people are being asked for Land Registration Document (LRD) and many people are facing such problems.
In 2018, we witnessed the election of leaders and political parties to the Legislative Assembly to lead from their constituencies.
After searching the container, police found less than 2 grams of heroin inside the container.
Should we elect a leader by looking at the party or by looking at the person and his work in the constituency he leads? In the words of Ma Vincent Pala, Member of Parliament from the State “The UDP thinks of itself as the Ganga River that as soon as the Minister of Home Affairs is transferred from the NPP to the UDP, they will be able to overcome all the problems in the State”.
“We have no intention of destroying but we will work together for the people of B-Mahal,” he said.
Bah Basaiawmoit planned to move an urgent motion on the need to explain and request the government to suspend the implementation of the roster system in the state.
In fact, if the government needs to declare a public holiday on 18th April 2024, it should announce it at the same time as it has declared 19th April 2034 as a polling holiday.
The UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said the number of deaths from hunger has increased instead of decreasing. which used to be the case in previous years.
The four teams will prepare for the semi final on Friday at the Heh Mini Stadium.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Police have found Banshandor Syiem, 30 years old, lying lyngktar without knowing anyone at Mawlai Iew rynghep at 1:45 am today. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment but died at 7:30 pm. Police are investigating the incident.
On the other hand, the village leaders together with the villagers, Sengbhlang and Longkmie have unanimously decided to lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities against this person. injure your brother.
The heavy rainfall has destroyed roads in many places, destroyed houses and killed seven people.
“The best example is in Jengjal, West Garo Hills where the people have to walk for many miles and many hours to get treatment but with my initiative, a hospital has been opened here. Jengjal Sub Division and now it is in progress.
Modi also said that health and well-being can improve the strength of all.
Shillong, June 18: A group of residents of Mawmluh village today met with Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, MLA Nongkrem to congratulate and express their gratitude for his thoughts to bring the Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) has requested a meeting to discuss the issue.
The Seng Khasi encourages the Khasi women who are working abroad to follow the example of Kong Tailin to be proud of their traditional dress and to wear it when they go to the country. ki lat and other important programs to showcase to the world the value of the dress of the Hynniewtrep people U Hynniaw Wasa.
The Run for Democracy started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and ended at the Indoor Hall of Kiang Nangbah Stadium. DSO Khroobok Passah was also present.
Following this godliness is holiness or cleanliness.
At the beginning, the students of Seng Khasi College sang a song of encouragement and the tournament was conducted by the senior members of the union, Bah Phrikshon Kharshiing and Prof Antoinette Kharmalki.
Nongpoh: Many parents of school children, who send their children to school in different areas of Byrnihat, have lodged a complaint with the FKJGP Byrnihat, regarding the presence of some auto drivers. Rickshaw drivers, who used to charge higher prices from school children, so taking note of the complaint from the parents, the FKJGP leaders, called to hold a meeting among the auto rickshaw drivers who work in the schools. Byrnnihat area together with the parents of the children, in order to solve the problem of the school children, who have been charged too much fare by the auto drivers.
He said that while he was an MDC, he had requested the former MLA to do something about the land, but nothing has happened.
It is not the responsibility of the public to find the perpetrators of crimes because the law does not allow it.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Chhattisgarh 7-0 in the National Level Subroto Cup under 17 goals in Delhi.
The meeting to explain to the public on the Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji-Ranikor road has been disrupted after a stone throwing between supporters and opponents of the road at the venue. in the village of Mawpat Umdohlun.
Nongpoh, June 05: To preserve the customs and traditions and identity of the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh, under the banner of the Khad-ar Lyngdoh Confederation, “Pynneh La Riti” which is part of the Shad Sajer which is one of the traditional dances of the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Men's Tailor Training (Suhjain Shynrang) has concluded on the 27th November 2023 at SBI RSETI Ribhoi, Umsning, Ribhoi District.
As the Kni in the family, he has the authority to manage all the affairs relating to his family, and as the father in the family, he is the able provider.
NPP Spokesperson Himalaya M Shangpliang in a statement released on 9th June said, “We strongly condemn the actions of VPP supporters to disrupt the election campaigns and to issue false statements. ethics against our candidate.
Trinity Saioo received the award for her hard work in leading her fellow women in the cultivation of the famous shynrai of Lakadong. Meghalaya, which has helped many women farmers to earn a good living.
At the same time, it is forbidden to carry weapons.
The pyrsut from the mawsapnar is obtained by cutting only the shalyngka called the shalyngka phra dong.
Swer said that as of now, researchers are still trying to find out whether the air pollution is caused by the smoke. from factories, vehicle smoke or smoke from burning plastic and others, but no report has been received yet.
"Action should speak louder than words," said Jairam Ramesh, adding that Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah are not escaping their responsibility for this issue. he was born in Manipur.
This morning, they left their relatives and friends with the intention of visiting Shnongpdeng in Dawki area, but as they were traveling through Jowai, they left for Krang Suri with the intention of spending some time. arphang hanging.
John said the state government needs to think carefully on the NCST report regarding the powers of District Councils. know what MDCs should do as leaders in the Council.
Dr Nabajyoti Gogoi, Dibrugarh District Surveillance Officer, said that most of the cases are from the delta virus and 2,300 people have been infected. infection, as of 1 June 2021.
The program was also held with traditional music.
According to the letter, the KAAC has alleged that the Khasi Pnar residents of Mukroh and other places like Psiar, Khanduli and Block-1 are such. illegal settlers.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek on Friday admitted that the party's delay in announcing the candidates for the upcoming MP elections in the country, will affect the country. jur especially in this state.
Beyond said that as an MLA he will fight to provide drinking water to the villages in the constituency.
A few days ago, the writer spoke with the General Secretary of the Hill Farmers' Union where the discussion was on seeds.
In the last MLA election, 88% of voters exercised their right to vote, while in the last MP election, 64%, Naik said. He said that this time in the MP elections, he hopes that the state will reach 70 percent of the turnout.
He said that this school is one of the prominent schools in the Umsning area which has produced many talented students and especially many prominent sportsmen from Ri Bhoi which is a great pride. and urged these leaders to continue to serve for the good of the society as a whole.
Besides, the union said that it is necessary to implement the Health Sub Centers which have already been constructed, one in Mawthong and one in Mawkhyrwang but which have not been able to operate yet.
We know that we cannot please everyone because there are those who are against the government, those who are against the government but as the Government we have worked hard to bring about development especially in terms of assistance to the youth,” he said. state.
Those who accompanied the Chief Minister on the occasion included Samuel Sangma MLA Baghmara, Rongara Siju MLA, DGP, DIG Western Range and MDCs. The former Youth Wing of the BJP has joined the UDP on Tuesday to contest the MDC election from Nongkrem Constituency.
Kerala has taken the lead in the fight against the coronavirus in the state.
The elders of the village told this reporter that in the forests near the village, including in the forests in the ranab and riat of Wahkynshi, there are still wild boars, wild cows and goats. , many kinds of birds and in some places there are still Khiat.
He said that the presence of Kong Grace as EM in charge of the market will ensure that one of the projects of the Council to improve and promote the culture especially in relation to the traditional market which is the Ïewduh, they will not be able to change it.
The investigation should be headed by a High Court judge,” said NPP MLA James K Sangma.
Therefore, 5% should be allocated for the Scheduled Castes who are the full citizens of Meghalaya and this is urgently needed to protect the Scheduled Castes who are low income”.
In this regard, all Sports Clubs, Schools, Associations and other groups in West Jaintia Hills District are requested to participate in this year's tournament.
And we have seen that no political party has been able to form a government alone because it needs about 32 leaders to get the government.
The two groups went to Laitumkhrah Police Station to lodge a complaint, but the youths alleged that the police did not accept the complaint and this is what prompted the youths to be angry and allege that the police were harassing them. side.
Reduced cell damage: The antioxidants contained in sohsaw reduce the damage caused by the presence of waste products.
If this project succeeds, the people of the area will face many problems and the environment will be severely affected by the smoke from the factories and the people will no longer get clean air.
On the other hand, the All India Trinamool Congress has turned to the villages to strengthen its wings in preparation for next year's elections.
Besides the suppliers to many households, it was also learned that the tyrkhong cow meat from Mylliem is selling well.
He said that for the benefit of the Police, the Government led by Prime Minister Duh has introduced changes in the Ayushman-CAPF Scheme. , Central Ex-gratia, Disability Ex-gratia, Air Courier Services and Central Police Welfare Store.
She also explained about the number of people who get this disease, but many of them don't know the symptoms and it makes them not take care of themselves in terms of mental health. .
Shillong, Lber 19: The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, today had to adjourn the session for about 2 minutes due to lack of staff.
The union strongly requested the CEM to stop the auction of the river and to hand over the river to the union for maintenance.
After everyone has Aadhaar, the Government of India has now decided to continue the APBS for those who should benefit under the scheme.
The Dorbar Shnong urges all the concerned people including political parties to come forward and join hands with Bah Nongrum for the sake of the nation.
We see and witness that even if parents try to give the best, if they themselves do not have that godliness, how can they pass it on to their children?
These allegations were made by these supporters at the confirmation meeting of the office bearers of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing and Women's Wing Umsawrang Zone held on 26th July, 2023 at Umsawrang. The zone includes 9 villages: Umsawrang, Laitumsaw, Nongdisiar, Umsawrang, North Phodstein, Nongrum, Kandapara, Dakni and Umlynter.
When asked about the demand to suspend the reservation policy until the reservation policy is finalised, the Minister said, “The reservation policy will start only after the office memorandum is amended while the The reservation policy will also continue”.
Dr Sangma said if the state government continues to talk to the Assam government, the plan will not reach anywhere and will end up in the air.
Not only that, but the ILP protest of the students has discouraged the MUA-II Government. There have been cases where the Leader of this Government has insulted and slandered the Youth Organizations. read until they are well fed and well fed.
In his speech on Civic and Citizenship, he recalled that the original meaning of the word citizen comes from the Latin word which means the unity of people within a city or group.
There is another pattern in the family relationship between the two families.
While our state does not believe in this issue, there are 37 sub tribes recognized during the Assam government in our country.
He also encouraged the members by saying that joining Rotary as Rotarians is dedicated to working for the good and benefit of the community.
“It doesn't mean to take sides or discriminate against anyone,” said UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
UDP State Youth Wing President Kyrmen Shylla who is also a Minister of State and Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein were also present at the confirmation ceremony.
They are currently undergoing treatment at Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi and live alone in Rampura, Gurugram.
Shillong: All Government Offices, Revenue, Magistrate Courts and Schools in East Khasi Hills District will be closed on the 11th of this month. On the 1st of this month, 2021, the Nongkrem Dance will be held.
The tournament was attended by Bah Samborlang Diengdoh and his wife, Kong Khamtilin Massar.
In a statement, the President of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, Michal Chyrmang, said that the residents often face difficulties in meeting with the officials of the electricity department who come to the office at 12 or 1 pm. and left at 2 pm and when we tried to ask the employees, they said that the officials went to the site, so the union is concerned that this inability to meet the officials of the electricity department The office in Moowakhu has been a source of concern for the people especially those who come from distant places where they have to spend a lot of money to travel.
In the end, according to the survey of TV experts, the BJP will still get a pass mark in the Lok Sabha elections to be held in June-June.
Vincent said that the competition itself was very difficult, because the river that held the competition was very strong and terrible, and the medal won was the respect and pride to him as a coach and to the federation as a whole.
Because this will affect primarily the residents of at least 15 villages under the Hima Nongkhlaw, Rambrai and Raid Mynsaw, the right to own land, farming, forests, rivers, birds and animals including and joining in bringing about changes in the environment and others, were requested to the bakhraw ki batri and the children of the thousands of these two kingdoms and rai.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) HS Shylla on Tuesday said that the District Council will hold a special session to take a decision on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit or ILP. Shylla said the district council had passed the Village and Town Police Bill 1991 during the tenure of CEM Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
He said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, have listened to the complaint of the Farmer Cell that from this season onwards, the farmers will get the fertilizer at half the price.
Shillong: Speaking on the allegation by Dr Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the opposition has claimed that there is no more 32 MT of coal after 10 months. He said that the remaining 32 lakh MT of coal should be auctioned once and this shows that the party itself is confused.
Shiv Sena (UBT) MP Sanjay Raut on Tuesday said that Ajit Pawar may not leave the NCP and recalled that Sharad Pawar had said that He said last month that there were about several party leaders who could leave his party just because of pressure.
The G20 invitation to the President has also led to the suggestion that there is a proposal to change the name of the country and this could be achieved in the Special Session of Parliament to be held from 18th to 22nd November. November 15th.
Cleanliness of the environment is the most important thing for each of us.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, MDC, Bah B.Khonglah.
It was complained that in East Khasi Hills District and West Garo Hills District, the District & Session Judge(s) has been elected as the President of the Consumer District. meet only twice a day.
“Experts from Delhi will also come and we will have a one-day workshop to discuss important issues,” he said.
The public hearing will be held on the 30th of this month.
So far, 5,476 people have died in Italy and 59,000 have been infected. Of these, 60 have been priests, most of whom are over 70 years old. Catholic Herald.
Avinash Rai tied another six for 12 runs and Meghalaya lost two wickets to leave the batters at 71/8 and later lost all wickets. Within 100 runs, Banialam Mylliemngap and Gavineal Marpna came to tie the run.
Loss of sleep is the most common cause of suffering.
Regarding the raid by the Meghalaya Police on the oil stations in Ri Bhoi District, these leaders expressed their deep concern over the presence of oil smuggling groups in the state which has caused a lot of trouble. petrol pump owners who buy fuel from the companies.
“Many of us rely on household chores in agriculture such as sending our children to school in the village and abroad, but when the price is like this, we are very worried,” he said. , they expressed their intention to send their children to various levels according to this era that will not reach the goal.
He added that through this SHG Mela, it will also encourage the people from the elderly to learn how to stand on their own feet to carry out their activities.
Shillong, November 22 : Meghalaya have played well in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy against Hyderabad on the third and final day of the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy after failing to play well in the tied ball in the innings. the second through Rudra Singh Rathore and Trinayan Dutta.
“Think carefully, Hep, because I don't fit in with your family... I'm just a poor child and we don't have anything.
When the Assam Accord of 1985 failed to achieve its objectives, the ULFA became stronger and became a stronger group in the struggle against the Government of India.
“It's impossible to break the chain that binds the imat,” said the mother. “Many children are like him, especially at that age,” said Kynsai.
SOMALA also requested the state government and the District Council to take action against this threat to the nation.
The crowd, which gathered in London, demanded an end to the wearing of face masks, an end to social distancing and an end to spending time. I'm looking for a cure for the corona virus.
The market is now the market of the world.
Well He didn’t do it “.
On the issue of going to the High Court on the 27th, Peter did not comment, but said, “As arranged, it will be so”.
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) has announced that it will screen the Pnar film Ka Chithi at the fete on the 24th of this month. 25 November, 2023 at East Side Inn, Jalyiah (Ladrymbai Bypass).
If this doesn't happen, there will be a terrible violence.
Furthermore, there was another incident that in those 1973 and 1974, a new Autonomous District was created from the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. ka notification No.TAD/R/50/64 dated the 23rd November 1964 published in the Assam Gazette, Extraordinary, No.61, Monday November 23rd, 1964, Tuesday, November 24 1964.
He said that the aim of the ISRN is also to provide training to health workers, frontline workers, besides vaccine on wheel, increasing contact with those involved in the workplace whether in the state. or in the districts, and then the collaboration with various groups including in schools.
In the singles shooting competition, the winner will go home with a cash prize of 12,000 tyngka along with a silver medal and the runner-up 5,000 tyngka. thousand pieces of silver.
Lapang also denied that the party will lack members and said that in Pynursla, it has received Dr Jelington Ryndong to contest against Prestone Tynsong, Hima Muktan Shangpliang from Mawsynram against Pynshngain. N Syiem and Jopthiaw Lyngdoh against Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang and George Lyngdoh against Ngaitlang Dhar.
In 1952, the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council was established under the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“We ask for the support of the people of Meghalaya to make this school a success and to benefit the youth who have to go far away from the state,” he said. ZEE TV.Nongstoin, 09 November: U Bah Bodywell Puwein, who was kidnapped by a group of robbers from Riangsieh, West Khasi Hills, on the 4th of this month, has released him at 1 pm today. The incident occurred at Nongrathaw village and the man returned home with a healthy body without any injuries, said the source.
Furthermore, Bah Sorbar urged the PHE department to take action against the deterioration of the pump-um from time to time until it has caused the village to face a severe shortage of water. they have to buy water from time to time.
This video shows a man trying to stop cars.
Besides the implementation of the Compost Plan in Marten which produces up to 170 tonnes per day, there has also been a modern disposal of waste in an area of ​​15000 square meters.
The Minister said that many of the people's leaders are no longer happy with the election system in the state.
Kharnaior and Kylla said that although James Sylliang EM Trade did not come to take part in the meeting, the meeting was a success and the opposition increased from the Rangbah Shnongs. Umsning, Nongjri, especially on the part of the residents.
The Cabinet also approved the proposal on the establishment of the Meghalaya District Court Ministerial Service
Jowai, November 17: Seven political parties from Jaintia Hills including JPMF, JYF, JSU, FKJGP, HNPF, AJYWO and HANM together with the Rangbah Shnongs of East and West Jaintia Hills have adopted the decided to convene a public meeting on the 19th of this month at Iawmu Siang, Jowai to explain the opposition to the division of constituencies proposed by the JHADC for this phase of the MDC elections. This decision was taken at a meeting of these seven civil society organizations with the Rangbah Shnongs held on the 16th of this month in Jowai.
Even though I couldn't finish my studies, I never stopped composing and singing songs until I worked as a driver for several years.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner said that she has directed the wholesalers and dealers through fair price shops not to sell more than the price of 3 tyngka. caught in the provisions of the law she said.
They said that the jobs they do are jobs where there are no employees within the PWD and there are many vacancies which the PWD department does not announce.
But now once in the end of the ages hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.
There is no need to screen for COVID-19 with a Rapid Antigen Test (RAT).
True worship is in the spirit, in the home, and in private.
When she has been in this training camp for more than two weeks, she finds it very interesting.
“Look at the Post Matric Scholarship from 2014-2015 onwards, the Central Government has not released any money, since that year until now it has been released only for one year only in 2015-2 we" he said.
Shillong: The North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai will start implementing Online Learning for students from Nursery to Class 10 to open up opportunities for the students of this school and to ensure that they do not waste their time. The government has imposed a curfew and lockdown across the state which will continue for about 2 months in an attempt to curb the spread of COVID-1 -19.
Further investigation into the incident is ongoing, he said.
The Prime Minister said that the scheme will reach 7.5 crore customers on 26th July 2015 and that it does not require any deposit in the bank by the account holders. RuPay will include life insurance of T.30,000 and tragic insurance of T.1 lakh for those who have accounts.
The competition went smoothly despite the rainy days but it didn't stop the game from going ahead.
However, there has been strong opposition from the civil society to this demand of the HPC and they have strongly understood that the government is not able to fulfill or accept these demands.
Because it is said that this type of exercise, not only helps to strengthen or shape or improve the body of a person, but also helps a lot to the mental power of a person.
I would like to greet all the readers who have, who used to read the Word of Hope which used to be published once a month and now it is not found that it is the fiftyth time.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 4, EKH: 88, RBD: 27, SWKH: 20, WGH: 13, WJH: 23 and WKH:
He said that the construction of the new Dwar Ksuid Bridge is in progress and the contractor has confirmed that it will be completed within the next 4-5 months.
On the morning of the 24th, a man identified as Saurakh Chow Dhury (47) died shortly after his Night Supper fell into the ground in Rattacherra.
Doctors in recent days have shown the injuries of civilians in Syria, saying Turkey has used white phosphorus bombs in its attacks against Syria. that the Kurds.
He said the seminar today is to attract the youth to the G20 Presidency of India and inform them about the discussions on various topics.
Speaking to media, Ardent said that the formation of the Revolution Group is due to the fact that there are corruption cases in the state. The state government's claim that there is no illegal coal mining or coal trade in the state can be accepted.
“The assistance will be in the form of a grant under this scheme to maintain and develop this sector.
It happened at 1:00 pm before the second service.
Both these demands in the past years have been unrealistic and have been slow because the Khasi are still slaves.
“I have submitted the replies of all the teachers to the government and I am waiting for a decision from the government on this,” said the Director.
Therefore, it is necessary to amend this Reservation Policy to review or review it so that it will not be biased or exclude anyone”.
Out of the 2,000 byrni of rice purchased through the Committee, it was decided to distribute 1,000 byrni to the poor households in Jirang Block and 1,000 byrni to the poor households in Umling. Block to Jirang Constituency.
Whatever comes out of the decision we have taken should be for the benefit of the students,” said Conrad.
Rupang had the opportunity to talk to Dr. Pariong on Saturday evening last month and when trying to ask whether there is any understanding between him and Kong Fenella. The doctor replied, 'It hasn't happened yet' and asked if Fenella would agree to the proposal. that's when'
The first GST was held in Glasgow in 2021 and will end at the Climate Change Conference in Dubai, UAE (at COP 28).
After completing the filing of nomination papers, these candidates, while meeting with reporters, expressed their various intentions on why they came out to contest this election and many of them expressed their views. To win, it is necessary to bring about that change in the Constituency, in the District and in the State as a whole.
On this occasion, members and leaders of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission laid wreaths at the monument of Woh Kiang Nangbah to commemorate the 130th anniversary of his death. Jaintia.
Earlier this year, the Taliban said it planned to sign a social agreement with a Chinese company to extract oil from northern Afghanistan.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: In a long letter sent to the media by HS Shylla MDC of the UDP from Nongkrem, he has raised one issue and that is the change of the PDF to the PDF. “The most shocking event in the world is that the Forum, which includes political parties, will give birth to another political party. “They will have to fight against the world,” said Bah Shylla.
We once again request the authorities to repair it so that it will be convenient for the residents,” said Bah Passon.
Ummulong, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 264/9 in 35 overs.
Similarly, it is on the part of the husband that the children of his wife, if he marries another woman, those children of his wife are the children and grandchildren of his new wife.
“But the Government is not like that.
In a statement, the Acting Secretary of the Shella Dorbar, Bah B Ora, said that the residents of Shella Dorbar have now been forced to patrol the village due to the courage of the robbers to enter the village. there have been many thefts in recent days.
Sevenson Myrchiang (53) and Livingstone Pakma (59) scored for Turchaphrang FC.
Bamanbha Shangpliang scored 68 runs off 58 balls, Richel Passah 23 runs off 28 balls and Rijest Lytan 23 runs off 30 balls.
Khliehriat Jymmang 15: As part of the celebration of World No Tobacco Day (WNTD), hundreds of students of Khliehriat Higher Secondary Day today came out to celebrate the harmful effects of tobacco. They held rallies on the main roads in Khliehriat and Lad Sutnga and shouted with various slogans on pla cards to announce the harmful effects of tobacco, which affects health and life.
Jowai, 27 July: The Presbyterian Church Rymbai in collaboration with the Shnong today held a meeting to discuss the problems faced by the people in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road. More than 2000 people gathered to repair the road from Rymbai to Ladrymbai which is about 5 kilometers long.
On the expression of anger by the Union Home Minister Amit Shah, Hek said, “I don't have anything to say because they have their own way of working. for the sake of the state, but I would like to urge them to cooperate with the government.
It is located in the holy place on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem near the Muslim Dome of the Rock.
Despite the heavy rain, the road was opened in the presence of the elders and women of the village.
Baroh-lin has joined himself second in the list of captains in scoring the most wins in such a few overs behind former England captain Eoin Morgan. and former Afghanistan captain Asghar Stanikzai; All these captains have led their team to 42 wins and Babar is now only one win away from setting a record in the tournament. earth.
During the match, these two teams scored each other.
We understand the problems of the village shops but what the people want to clarify is that according to the order of the state government, the shops should display the prices of beverages and other items in front of their shops if they are cheap. neither shall there be any price, lest the people should be confounded.
“Therefore, the people of Assam and Meghalaya should know that these incidents have happened because the Government of Meghalaya and Assam have not taken action against the violence and harassment of the residents. villagers living in border villages," he said.
This roster or census book of those who have been included in their respective constituencies since the establishment of Meghalaya in 1972 should have been available since the beginning of the state but for some reason it has not been. for any spirit of accounting.
Shillong Lajong SC, Malki SC and Mawkhar SC have finished in the SPL relegation zone with the victory of Shillong Lajong FC with 14 points. Malki 10 points and Mawkhar 6 points.
The Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) funds up to 75 percent of the cost of the project and the rest is borne by the State Government.
Shillong, June 01: The Cash Award Scheme for Sportspersons 2022 has been announced by the Sports & Youth Affairs Department of the State Government. coaches who have succeeded in their respective positions.
The CAG also suggested to the state government to take action and use these shops as soon as possible and implement them immediately.
The Lyngdoh invites and welcomes everyone to visit this area to witness its beauty.
“As it turns out, this country has spent a lot of money on the football tournament.
Bethany Society, Shillong have won two points from Pool A while FABB Kolkata have won two goals from Pool B. Gabriel Nongrum scored three goals for Bethany and Hilter Khongphai is one.
We get a lot of the chemicals our bodies need to grow big and maintain a healthy body.
The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court, headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, said, “U The Advocate General said that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has approved the plan prepared by the State Government, but has put forward suggestions to amend or improve some parts of the plan. offer".
A TV channel in Argentina has shown Prime Minister Narendra Modi as one of the shopkeepers or Apu, quoted from the comic book The Simpsons.
After this incident, I did not learn anything more about the work of those scholars.
Regarding the shortcomings in the school, the teachers of the school, when Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, visited to inaugurate the foundation stone for the construction of classrooms. The teachers of the school said that the school has many shortcomings.
Shillong: As usual every day, Meghalaya has been experiencing a deep sorrow and grief over the deaths of people infected with Covid-1 Two nurses who are the leading soldiers in the fight against this disease and today, 2nd July 2021, the state has lost a terrible death toll in The body of Bah Winstar Kharkongor, who died of Covid-19, was brought to the ground floor of his house in Mawpat.
The training methods are Un Armed Security Guard (USG) and the age limit for admission is from 18 to 40 years and those who have passed Class 8 and above.
He said that if 11 foreigners are appointed in these vacancies, the party will not hesitate to take strong measures as it is a violation of the rights of the villagers. In front of the offices of the Central Government, they should first employ the villagers who are well educated.
Nongpoh, March 17: A night super bus collided with a timber truck at Umling and several passengers were injured in a road accident.
“The Executive Meeting of the Federation held on the 7th of this month has discussed the Government's announcement to increase the Grant-in-Aid to Secondary Adhoc Teachers. The decision of the Government is because according to the proposal sent to the Ministry of Education, it is 50%,” said a statement sent by the President of FAMASTA, Kong B.Kharumnuid.
The showcause notice was sent by the Principal Secretary of the Department, Sampath Kumar on the basis of a complaint by the Director of IIPH, Shillong, Sandra Albert.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Pynshngain said the PDF is open to all to join the government if other parties agree and accept the PDF's position. “If the PDF accepts the position of the PDF,” said Pynshngain, when asked whether the PDF accepts to form a government with the BJP. I don't know how many seats the PDF will win but it will be seen after the elections.
She has difficulty eating and swallowing food, difficulty opening and closing the mouth and difficulty cleaning the upper and lower teeth for one year and difficulty chewing food.
According to the parents of Ibalakordor Umder, their daughter, who attends St. Joseph's School and lives in Mawlai Phudmuri, will leave Shillong on the 29th of July for Kerala to compete in the tournament. Wushu with a group of 19-20 children who will compete to represent the state.
However, what surprises me when I hear in the news is why Manipur has received ILP only in these few days, but our state which has been fighting for ILP for many years has not received ILP? What is behind this? We have heard that the Citizenship Amendment Bill will not be implemented in the states that have the ILP, but other states including Assam, Tripura and Meghalaya will be affected. This is about 5% of the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill.
Thus, that information became a mere memory for Bhalang who had not yet thought about it.
Firstly, in the first rule of paragraph 2, the Ministry has directed that the factory should be built at a distance of 10 kilometers from the Rwiang River, but from the factory in the water. only about fifty meters.
Dr. Rajesh Mistry spoke about the Da Vinci Robotic System at Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital which helps doctors to perform surgery for various types of cancer.
Fr. Manbha Pakem, Director, JHDS, Wanmon Tang, Master Trainer, Food Processing and Macsal Jones, Master Trainer of Soap Making.
Whether you have it or not, you young people don't gather together in the homes of your parents, especially if there are relatives who are higher in rank or wealthier than you.
“On the other hand, in a letter to the DC, he expressed his surprise that the Laban Police Station who were present on that day were only spectators and did not do anything to send please play chess with these marchers to avoid disrupting the service.
New Delhi: Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy today launched his Grama Vastavya 2.0 overnight visit to the villages from Gurmitkal in Yadgir district on Tuesday.
On Saturday, a powerful IED bomb exploded in Iewmawlong, Shillong.
The UPF or what I don't understand is just what the synrops want to destroy the UDP.
The Meghalaya High Court has ruled that the Seng Khasi Mylliem cannot use the land allocated by the Raid, said a statement from the Secretary of the Seng Khasi Mylliem.
As mentioned earlier, the government has looked into the needs of the people especially in terms of transportation with the intention of introducing and constructing many roads.
He also urged the new officers to be responsible soldiers for the sake of the nation, to protect their fellow citizens from being attacked by foreigners and especially to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. Mynder as the party has not hesitated to demand the ILP in the state in order to protect the indigenous people from the infiltration of foreigners.
On behalf of the family of (Late) Shimti Talang who passed away on November 13, 2022, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to God for supporting us in this is the time when our hearts have been broken.
The deterioration of this road has also caused traffic jam in the area which has affected the traffic, not only for the people in the area but also for other states including Those from Mizoram, Tripura, Silchar and Barak Valley.
The shortage of Gram Sevaks and Junior Engineers (JEs) is one of the reasons for the delay in the implementation of this central government scheme which aims to provide income generation to the farmers in the rural areas of the country. India as a whole.
We have discussed it in the NEC now, and it needs to prepare a plan to submit to DoNER and it will send it to the Finance Ministry to allocate funds in this dorbar starting on 16th November,” he said. .
On days when you lack water intake you may experience this stomach problem.
Furthermore, the members of the union have decided to close down the Amlarem State Bank of India and the Apex Bank in the same village.
The ruling MDCs said that Mansturdy is an old man and there is no need for them to talk at length or show the duties he has to perform as Lamphang, as he is the Lamphang. toi u to show them the works which they shall do.
In 1973, INL's first factory was built in Nellore, Andhra Pradesh; Nippo has launched its first product called 'Nippo Hyper'
It should also be noted that it is an attempt to express yourself around relationships.
Darresha said that her son is in great distress and anxiety over the actions of the school authorities because the child used to like to draw his hair in the school. This is the way and it is not different or strange because all the children of the country do the same.
He urged all the people to come and take part in this day.
Shillong: In another incident, a group of relatives were involved in the burial of their own son in West Khasi Hills.
He strongly criticized the 36 leaders from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Once an elderly person has become addicted to alcohol, who does not know how to drink or who drinks alcohol, his family is destroyed and society is also destroyed.
He said the BJP is in this government only because it wants the government to be strong.
On the 19th October 2023 (Lord's Day) it will be held at the NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium.
The Khadar rule is a sacred job, it is the life and death of the country and the nation.
He added that the water flows into the residential areas because of the lack of drainage systems which causes the water to flow and fill the residential areas. the water was to 7 or 8 feet deep.
God does not forbid us to do anything wrong and He does not do it by force.
KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang said that the three-day night blockade was a protest by the KSU, due to the various examinations of the students. .
These books, copies and covers were handed over by the KSU on Saturday night under the leadership of Binos Syngkon President, Donald Rymbai Education Secretary in the presence of the members.
“We welcome the presence of a team of inquiry into the working methods of MeECL and the demand for resignation is groundless,” he said.
However, in such a hope, it is surprising to see an article in The Shillong Times (29 Oct 2018) that clearly states that this Resolution should be brought back to the Assembly. they shall not be called to a special meeting.
When natural resources are all around us, we should conserve them, as it were.
Nangbah is not a kur, it is the name of a village.
The arrested persons are also from Manipur.
“How pleasant it is to hear from their mouths about our party.
Jowai: The East Jaintia Hills Drivers' Association (EADA) has held a meeting at its office to ensure the welfare of the drivers. on Saturday and at this meeting it re-elected its office bearers as follows.
The outbreak is under control with 6584 active cases.
In South Garo Hills, there are 20 cases in the Siju Damikgittim Cluster.
On the other hand, Saleng A Sangma sent this letter to the Prime Minister after the incident in which 6 people lost their lives and 16 people were seriously injured. The MTC bus collapsed in the Ringdi River at Nongchram village on the 29th of this month.
On the other hand, he said it may be because the state government is still waiting for a reply from the Election Commission of India (ECI) on its request to the government on the appointment of two posts. The seven MLAs who have resigned from the KHADC are HDR Lyngdoh, Ardent Miller, Sanbor Shullai, Metbah Lyngdoh, HB Nongsiej, KP KP. Shillong, June 4: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem has said that he has been involved in the distribution of schemes to the MDCs. The HSPDP Sohryngkham, who spoke to the media in the past few days, said that the distribution of schemes to the MDCs has been too slow and there are only a few MDCs. Through the speeches of one of the senior MDCs of the Congress party in KHADC, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, Speaking to reporters, Mansturdy said it is true that there is corruption and bias by the CEM in the distribution of schemes to the MDCs. He said that the KHADC has received T.133 crore from this and T.2 crore has been distributed to all the 23 MDCs. The income of all MDCs will be T.46 crore and the remaining T.87 crore.
Many of the adult patients have benefited and recovered," he said.
At present, perhaps, we think that this protest of the farmers has no meaning or impact on us in Meghalaya.
Now I work for myself, my own business and I am living in isolation".
Miss Balarisha, while explaining about the book, said that Dr. Kharmalki's ability to publish this book has been a great blessing not only to the college students but also to the teachers. College teachers and researchers of indigenous cultures in various fields such as language, social culture, climate and nature, plants, living creatures and other things.
However, the lack of time for Syih gave him the opportunity to score another goal after the goalkeeper of Malki went outside the goal which allowed the goalkeeper to score the second goal. the ball and stirred up Malki's net.
The Civil Hospital has sent him to NEIGRIHMS Hospital while the family of Bah Bokstar has decided to take him to the Super Care Hospital.
Many truck drivers who transported coal to Beltola, Assam and Bangladesh have now become Sohsaw farmers in the area.
He said that in Bengal, the allocation of this scheme is Rs 13,000 crore which benefits only 1.6 crore women while according to the explanation of the Opposition, the Chief Minister of the state has broken his promises because There are only 1.6 crore beneficiaries while 5 crore mothers are eligible.
Of course, it cannot be said that he saw clearly that the hatred of Bah Let (U Rangbah Shnong) for his household started when his household lost in the Dorbar the land they occupied.
Just who benefits the most? We don't think that those who went to mine coal have been able to build houses or increase their income.
In the two years that the state has experienced the worst days of this infectious disease, there has been a lockdown of people at home, the self-isolation of people infected with the disease. The performance of ASHAs is very important, as no one else is willing to stand near people who test positive except the ASHAs in the villages.
Lakmen said that as the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has already announced that the government will allocate T100 crore for the education department to improve schools, so within the In the next two months, the government will release the funds for 180 LP schools across the state.
Shillong: Anshuman Dutta, on Tuesday, at 1.30 pm, lodged a complaint against SBI Khanapara Branch (RB).
There have been many clashes between supporters of the TRS and YSRCP and the EVMs have not worked in many places, the report said.
“In accordance with Rule 13 of the Right to Information Commissioner, State Chief Information Commissioner and State Information Commissioners in the State Information Commission) Rules, 2019”.
A total of 50,356 people have been discharged from hospitals and 469 have died, according to the Union Health Ministry.
Therefore, we would like to inform the media that the people of Maweit are asking for clarification on why and for what reasons the 35th Nongstoiñ-Maweit road has not been completed. kilometers (Intermediate Lane) as surveyed.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 04: In connection with the North East Festival 2022 and Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) Nongstoiñ on Tuesday held a brainstorming competition at Anderson Higher Secondary School, New Nongstoiñ.
It doesn't end here but every month there are terrible incidents until the school season has brought despair to the parents whether they are still able to support their education. son.
This is according to a statement issued by the Commissioner & Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah Mewell Shadap, said that there are 36 villages in the Raid Nongtung. Meghalaya.
The union leaders have followed up on the matter by meeting with the DECT authorities. The department has said that until the government has allocated funds for the The Labor Department Shillong in collaboration with the DECT will complete the construction of the I.T.I. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister and Education Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, have started taking action and approved to have their own fully fledged ITI in Sohpian.
Rangjadong Sports Club won the 12-year-old boys' match against St. Vianney's English School, Mawkyrwat by scoring 6-1 goals. Bawanpynskhem Nongmor in the 7th, 15th and 21st minutes, Nehskhemlang Thongni in the 17th and 35th and 43rd minutes. Almiky Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 30th minute from the penalty spot.
The elected and confirmed office bearers include President Jop Dkhar from Molamanoh, Vice President Letmon Pyrtuh from Bataw, General Secretary Ringku Swer from Khliehriat West; Secretary, Dawyoo Lyngdoh, Treasurer, Daniel Dkhar, Adviser, Skhemmon Lyngdoh, Lad Rymbai and Earlyborn Lyngdoh, Rymbai.
Mawkyrwat, November 21: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the four political parties of Sawsymper Area, KSU, FKJGP, HYC and HUAM today held a meeting to discuss the issue of The owners of parks and vehicles are not allowed to pay taxes to the Syiem, as well as the tax collectors who are not allowed to come to Raid Sawsymper.
The injured were identified as Wanrapmi Pyrtuh, 31, and Risuk Shylla,
In this regard, it is learned that Bah Pynïaid has promised to take immediate action to allocate funds for the construction of a statue of this man who has served for 36 years in KHADC. He also asked the KHADC to plant trees on the Council's land in the district as part of the environmental protection.
3) When it comes to the political parties in our state, especially in Bri u Hynniewtrep, there are many types of political parties.
The Director of Health Services (MCH&FW) LL Sawian in her speech on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of PHC Laitlyngkot said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) is committed to providing “The department through the PHCs will strive to provide the best service to the people who come for treatment at the PHCs,” she said. that if it is necessary for the department to spend money also for the service they will proceed to provide care to them.
Lajong have 10 players from Meghalaya including Kynsailang Khongsit, Allen Lyngdoh Nongbri, Aiban Dohling, Habymmutshuh Nongrum, Kenstar Kharshong, Hardy Cliff Nongbri, Phrangki Buam, Freestar Kharbangar, Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi and Sheen Sohktung.
Speaking to media, HNYF East Khasi Hills President Bless Dkhar said that the new building was constructed after the Petrol Pump and belongs to Phibora Marweiñ. .
However, the disease may spread again in the second wave.
Due to the many problems and especially the lack of hope to solve the problems of the cow traders in the state, the association has been established to look after the welfare of the cow traders in the state of Khasi Jaintia. The Butcher Welfare Association (KJWBA) has decided to suspend the activities of the Association.
We cannot allow the process to go to waste so that farmers can benefit," he said.
The Vice President of the party, Bah P.Thongni, said that the party has also received information that some party leaders have left including the Working President and other senior leaders. There are also leaders from different villages who have left the party and joined other parties.
Ahead of the BJP MP elections, hundreds of Indian ministers have insulted Arvind Kejriwal, saying that he is a terrorist. supporter of Pakistan and other statements criticizing the rule of the AAP government in Delhi.
Police have rushed to the scene and found seven dead bodies near the crematorium. When they looked, it was understood that the machine, which was in the coal mine, had a collision with the coal mine. and seven men were slain.
She said that such a marriage does not fit the views of Indian families on husband, wife and children.
Indeed, we have all seen the protest of the Sengbhalang of Bri U Hynniewtrep against the permission of foreigners to enter our Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The election of MDCs during their current term of office has been very rapid in which one MDC has elected about three parties in just four years.
The union leader demanded that the government should allocate funds for the provision of food items from Class X onwards from the Border Area Development Fund scheme and provide it to all the students who are eligible. from the villages on the Inter State Border.
The Best Goal Keeper award was won by Yulity T. Phangrang, Iewrynghep S/S, East Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh: Despite many protests from Meghalaya, on the construction of the Transit Camp by Assam at Khanapara, which still falls within the boundary of Raid Marwet, Ri Bhoi, what has been seen now is that Assam has not built a Transit Camp at Khanapara. It has not listened to the unfounded opinions of the opposition from Meghalaya, but has continued to build the Transit Camp in the area.
Referring to the 5th Anniversary of the Aspirational District programme, Myntri Rangbah Duh said he was pleased with the visit of the private team to the programme.
" said Lanosha and immediately took her feet to lead her to the shop she had mentioned.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen by 8,909 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 2,07,615, while the number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,01,4 The death toll has risen to 1,00,302 and the death toll has risen to 5,8
“However, we are concerned because we are still in the midst of the pandemic and the Government has always said that we should prepare for the fourth wave of the pandemic and the influx of tourists will endanger the children. thousand Hima" he said.
The party was named 'Jaintia Student Movement' and its motto is 'Chirup Deilang U Tia Chaphrang'
This school was founded by the Welsh Missionaries at Nongsawlia, Sohra in
Shortly thereafter, in 1955, the students formed the Khasi Students Association (KSA).
Shillong, Naitung, 19: The Convenor of the Thma u Rangli Juki (TUR) Angela Rngad on Tuesday slammed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government for not paying salaries to teachers for three months. SSA schools, that is, from June to July, 2022.
The Euphrates River is the largest and most famous river in the world. What shall we see now? It has disappeared, and the Word of God has already foretold it, but the scientists of the world have been surprised by saying that it has changed or that is climate change.
He has signed with the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) and has been elected to represent South Sudan, the program will run from the 25th to the 28th of this month.
The 18th National Inter District Junior Athletics Meet (NIDJAM) will be attended by participants from 500 districts in India.
He said the DMK's ideology is inheritance, corruption and panchayat.
“By being the Minister of Electricity as Chairman of MeECL, he will be a bridge between the Ministers, the government and MeECL as well as its departments.
Meghalaya finished fourth in Group B with only two wins, beating Goa and Sikkim at the bottom.
The victory of Bah Gabriel is a blessing to the people of Nongstoiñ.
“I don't care if the CAB is implemented in parts of India, but there needs to be an amendment to the CAB Act, so that this bill should be excluded from Meghalaya and the North East. .
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the Government has taken strong measures to curb violence against women.
“As the village, we don't want to forcefully build this house without getting permission from the higher authorities of the state government, because even on the day they came to stop the plan to build this house, The Assam Police have also threatened to arrest me if the village itself implements it after the suspension,” said Bah Blikson Mukhim.
We will see because there is a special section for women, but if there is no acceptance by their own constituencies, there will be problems because we will fight to win and therefore we must elect candidates who perfect," he went on.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has announced the closure of Rosibon Villa in Qualapatty, House No. 203/3 in Pine Walk near Lady Keane College and the house of Persara Lyngdoh in Jaiaw Lumbatemon, South Side Servants Quarters, Ferndale Apartments, IGP, W-304, Ferndale Apartments, IGP, the house of Dilip Chakraborty (tenant), RG Villa in Riat Laban West, the house of Tullina Sharma in Riat Laban East. opposite the house of Dr. R. Gurung, Pala Building, Laban Square (Shiliang).
“Don't be misled like I was misled in 2002 when KHNAM came out, they stirred my heart to save the country and the nation, they stirred my heart, played the song KHNAM u heart bah Kit u khih ding ding because I want to save the nation, because they say the country is in the middle of the night I want to help the country so that it will not fall into the law but after many years I found that I I have been misled, I have been corrupted,” said Bah Kitboklang.
It can also help to repair internal infections and diseases affecting the muscles.
Police took him to hospital, where he was pronounced dead before reaching the hospital.
Shillong, June 19: Four UDP MDCs today sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, expressing their full support to the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). although their party has decided to withdraw its support from the group.
“The Government has directed the Commissioner & Secretary, Commerce and Industries Department in collaboration with the Labor Department to invite private companies in the state to encourage them to apply for jobs first. “It's a good idea to have a talented youth in various fields,” said Bah Tynsong.
The highest number of students who passed the HSSLC-Arts examination was in Eastern West Khasi Hills – 91.64%, while the lowest was in South Garo Hills – 49.23%.
They have vowed to hold a mass protest to bring the office of the full SDO of MePDCL to Amlarem, said a statement from Bah K Pohshna, Convenor of War Jaintia Amlarem.
I say that it is not good to sin against others.
The HR Department of Meghalaya Cements Limited has issued an order on Tuesday to dismiss these two employees of the company.
More information can be obtained from the KSU office at Jaïaw Chapel Road, Shillong.
He said that the Act will allow to survey the shops of the market vendors, to register the market vendors, to identify the market vendors, to relocate the registered market vendors. to Vending Zones, to set up Town Vending Committees, to set up a department to look after their problems and others.
If Mike doesn't do this, he will oppose the religion and the CAB will fail.
Other goals for Langsning were Kitboklang Pale in the 45th minute, Overkindness Lyngdoh Mawnai in the 60th minute and Sheen Sohktung in the 69th minute.
Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation and are searching for the suspects.
The children who were honored by the KSU were Bah Willbornson Wahlang who won a gold medal in the Northeast Olympic Games cycling competition along with six bronze and silver medal winners in the cycling competition. The meeting was held at the Women's Hostel, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President, KSU South West Khasi Hills, office bearers and relatives. Children and members of FKJGP Mawkyrwat Circle who came to take part in this day.
The purpose of the tournament is to provide an opportunity for the residents of Mawlai to showcase their sports skills and also to bring about recognition and closeness among them.
At the conclusion of his visit, Dr. Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad spoke on the responsibility of all to achieve Viksit Bharat before 2047, as envisaged by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
The village of Proper, strongly condemns the people involved in the assault on the President of the Auto Drivers Association, as he is also a resident of Nongpoh.
After a while, the Khasi Pnar farmers as well as the Karbi farmers fled the area after the tear gas was fired by the Assam police.
Lyngdoh said the BJP has set a target that if it is too low, it will win 12 to 16 seats in the upcoming elections and will remain in power.
The cleanliness drive will start from 8 am to 4 pm as part of the efforts to bring about a clean environment in the market for the convenience of the vendors.
Girls Higher Secondary School and Marianhill Higher Secondary School.
The KSU leader also alleged that the implementation of the SPVC scheme was without the consultation of the Rangbah Shnongs who are the chairman of the Local Project Implementation Committee.
Police are surprised how people carry this heavy tyrnem and if they carry it shajrong, it needs to be lifted to a height of up to 100 feet and put in a tank or truck to carry it. .
Another problem, said Bah Rani, is that the traffic jam is mostly from the police station in Anjalee, because the vehicles, which go to Iewduh, stop at that place and the man. He said that the vehicles going to Iewduh don't have a parking space at Anjalee. The vehicles going to Upper Shillong have stopped all over the country. and those who come out are not saved.
Referring to the unemployment, Dr Mukul said the government does not want the youth of the state to be unemployed, because even the vacancies have not been filled, such as in the police department.
He strongly rejected Zenith's accusation that he was greedy for power and wealth.
At the same time, the EJNC will not stand idly by and will send a letter of 133 against the NHAI.
I am confident that when one of us starts, it will spread to others.
The Secretary of Nongspung Hima said that Bishnu's action is against the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act 1971 which prohibits any foreigner from taking land without the permission of the Hima. that the border is not painted.
He also explained about SADBHAVNA DIWAS or UNITY DAY which is celebrated every year as Sadbhavna Diwas in India.
There were also fishermen from other neighboring countries who said that the Chinese troops used to harass them when they went to walk or fish in the sea.
He said that the state police had left for the area for investigation after receiving information on the construction of a residential building by the Assam police in the area. The Karbi residents have acknowledged that it falls within the border of Assam and the residents of Lapangap have acknowledged that it still falls within the border of Meghalaya.
He said that what is more worrying is that the people who sell small shops, who sell jhur and perishable goods, do not get any assistance because their goods have been damaged due to the sudden curfew.
In a spiritual sense, the Bible does not allow us to do so.
Umïam is not the responsibility of the Prime Minister to do whatever he wants or to auction whatever he wants.
Ridamaya Passah and Tanvi Marak did not reach the preliminary round.
These include EJH: 2, EKH: 45, RBD: 1, SWKH: 1, WGH: 3, WJH: 3 and WKH:
Sometimes there are also myn lorni who cover their ears even in the household chores of others, and spread good or bad news.
India has always been known as a country of “Unity in diversity”, but where will the UCC be established? that it has made it to this point.
This is true when many of these rich people have won as MLAs of Meghalaya, many of whom have also held the posts of Ministers of the Government.
You blame only the RBI for taking the decision, we have looked at the decisions of the RBI, but the Government of India is hiding behind the RBI”.
The truck should have been marked 'Coal Transported Under NGT Order'
Criticizing the old government (SDF), Khaling said that the people of the state know that the present government has faced many obstacles from many mistakes. the old state government on issues related to the rights and welfare of the citizens of the state.
Delhi police have filed a case against Kumar for assault and attempted murder following Maliwal's complaint.
The President, Bah Pariat, alleged that government schools have set a percentage to admit children in class 11 and this decision of the principals is against the Education Act.
De Silva explained that she is now separated from her husband, but has not yet released him.
“The main task of this committee is to find out the requirements and evidence needed to include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule,” she said.
The people should think carefully before they cast their votes.
However, it was only after some of the residents of the village, who came to the area, that these Dkhar Bangladeshis, fled the area.
“The KSU is ready to fight to protect its land in Rilum Khasi and to fight against foreign forces even to shed blood,” said Bah Banjop.
The Municipal has taken this initiative as part of its efforts to make Shillong a clean and beautiful city.
Shillong: The Maham Singh Educational Award 2022 will be awarded at the Maham Singh Educational Award 2022 on the 11th November. , to those students of the North East who are still holding on to the Traditional religion, for passing well in various examinations of the year 2022, conducted by MBOSE, NEHU, CBSE and others. he equal rank.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) Jowai has conducted a training on Integrated Farming at Puriang Village, East Khasi Hills District.
We hurt and defile the divine image by excluding fellow human beings who cannot live as men or as women.
Minister of Road Transport and Highways Mahadev Singh Khan laid the foundation stone for the reconstruction of this important bridge in the border area in
otherwise we will take strong action against him.
If we look at the football fields, how many fields are equal in price to the fields in other states? They shall end up in the field of their hands, or in the field of their feet, without being able to stand.
Shaiborlang Kharpan, who led Shillong Lajong Football Club, was also honored in the final round of the Manchester United Premier Cup, 2010 in Goa.
Regarding the MCH at Panaliar, he said that since 2017, the building has been completed but due to the delay in opening it, he has tried to implement it by hiring doctors and others. and he hopes in the next twelve months the facility will be fully operational.
We cannot say that they are the candidates because before announcing we have to see who has the chance to win.
Shillong: The CBI today conducted a search operation at two places in Jowai to investigate the allegation of money laundering. in Jowai, where there were about 50 depositors at the shop.
The North Eastern Hill University on Tuesday held a high-level meeting to discuss the incident.
Then to Bah Nicholas J Kharnami, for his tireless work in raising awareness among the people on cleanliness and environmental protection.
Shillong, Naitung 28: There has been a sudden increase in the price of some food items and also the price of cigarettes which has surprised the people.
“In taking appropriate action on the failure of the Vice Chancellor, in which Jose Cherian continued to be in office and in his presence, it resulted in the destruction of the necessary documents and creative activities," Sawian says.
Elizabeth said that when she saw her brother being beaten, she went to protect her brother and help him, and it was here that she was affected. hand only.
“During the meeting between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, it was made clear that in the second demarcation, the KAAC will also be included as there are areas adjacent to the KAAC in Block II, but What is the difference between KHADC and JHADC? Because the land and land plots have been given by the Syiem or the longsan under the jurisdiction of the District Councils and not the state government,” said Bah Bipul. The district council shall have the authority over the land.
Furthermore, the Seng would like to remind the Prime Minister, as he has promised and announced in the media, that he will complete the construction of the Mawphanlur road leading to the observation deck from Markasa. simultaneously; Not only the road to Mawphanlur, but the road from Nongshillong to Lum Mawthadraishan is a beautiful sightseeing spot that attracts tourists.
This action of Bah DD Lapang should be a shock to you young people who used to insult the old men.
Looking at the allocation of government departments, the UDP doesn't have any intention of being happy and neither does the BJP. The UDP has resigned from the NPP after it failed to form its own government after the departure of two HSPDP MLAs to the NPP. The NPP will no longer count and has expressed its view that the UDP is an unreliable party especially after they have won the elections.
The Tribal or Adivasi peoples worship the land as a temple and the land is closely related to the life of the people.
Therefore, the Government should create mechanisms to communicate and explain to the public in a comprehensive and accurate manner.
“Even for the small countries, the law applies differently because those who do not do anything are prosecuted while those who do not do anything are prosecuted.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS), a voluntary organization within the Catholic Church, has visited Lapangap village on the border of Assam and Meghalaya to donate tins. sopïing to the victims of the shooting on Friday.
Therefore, no matter what happens, I will support the National Party because it is useless to support the National Party, because the National Party doesn't know anything about our state.
The Chief Minister of Tripura, Pradyot Manikya was also present as the chief guest of the meeting. The General Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, Samla Donald Thabah, other KSU members and Maharaja Pradyot, Bikram Kishor Manikya Bahadur, Manav Debarma, Biswajit Kalai, MLAs from Tripura, Dr Surajit Debarma, Senior Medical Officer Nazareth Shillong, Umashankar Debarma MDC, TTADC, Richard Tripura, who is the President of the Tripura Youth Students Association and others.
In this book, Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh has revived the Nonglait and Raishan costumes with the help of Raphael Warjri to draw and design the costumes and dances as written by the author.
Reading said the ECC has demanded that the MSPCB should send officers to Sookilo, Umpleng and Umtyra to inspect the area, as the factories in the area are operating even at night. They also violated the rules of MSPCB, NGT and the state government.
Speaking to media, Bah Pangniang said his demand came after allegations that as President, he had given false information about these border checkpoints that no longer appear in the border checkpoints. Map of Meghalaya.
One of the reminders that the speakers spoke on that day which touched the hearts of every member of the journalists was that on Saturday of the month, Bah Kenny was filled with a spirit of joy. He said he was the happiest man in his life because on Tuesday the doctors had confirmed that he would soon become a father. Thank you for this good news, but that day was said to be the day of the last meeting with this friend.
But a few years later, in the present times, when I visit these same places, I am filled with satisfaction.
Because we live in a time of many differences even though we are one nation, we need to 'respect each other'
It may be recalled that Bah Wanshwa Nongrum, President of the TMC (Youth Wing) in Pynursla, who resigned from his post, said that they have been in the TMC since November Shillong, July 27: They don't agree with this and have decided to leave and join the NPP. Shillong, July : The Meghalaya Carromboard Association (MCA) has selected eight boys to take part in the 4th Senior National Carroboard Championship organized by the All India Carrom Board Federation (ACA) on Tuesday. will be held in Mumbai, Maharashtra from 1st to 4th June,
Speaking to Mawphor, Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, said that this speech is a general speech for the Jaid bynriew which is currently in the midst of preparing for the election to elect the people's leaders. It is for the sake of the nation and if the people are foolish to choose, the loss is for the nation as a whole.
Some of the songs that the singer has sung in his own language are the song 'Haribo-Haribo' and another of the most beautiful songs of his is the song about love and a The young man until he reached the limit to arrange the date to promote the marriage ceremony and the opportunity to meet the young woman was through a word of kwai which he concluded the song by saying 'Oh ! Only you have ever heard of me, Oh ! only from us one word jasong lar-ling shaba ia shong' which means that only from one word kwai can we really reach the land and the house.
Assam, on the other hand, will play its part.
They said this while urging and requesting the shopkeepers to bring a certificate to show that they have been injected or not.
[continued]The two men came to the water and were busy with their work... Their conversation was to get out of the water at work.
Therefore, it is necessary not only to encourage, but also to encourage the Khasi people to understand their past and to brighten their future.
The reason is probably because they are still being investigated by the government for their involvement in the protest to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Israel is the country that God has chosen on earth from the beginning because He has a purpose.
Wansynshar Nongsiej of Mawkyrwat SC won the title of Highest Runs Scorer after scoring 264 runs in the tournament along with Aristerfield Lyngdoh of Mawkyrwat SC. SC was named the Best Fielder with six catches without missing or losing.
Indeed, it is also the Government that does not have any guidance.
BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that the fertilizers should be released to the farmers so that they can use them during this planting season.
Chow reportedly posted a video on his Facebook page about his joining the ULFA. Gogoi reportedly resigned from his job to join the ULFA. A).
The will without a good foundation destroys the blood of the mother.
These food items were handed over on Monday under the leadership of President Kyrshan Blah, Secretary Kmenlang Siangshai in the presence of members of MPUF-Womens Wing EJHD. poor families and cannot go to work due to the government's lockdown to fight against the disease in the District as well as the State.
• Brothers and sisters, I have seen that many times the Sengbhalang has fulfilled its duty by holding protests to demand strong laws to protect the jaitbynriew but when the government does not listen, the Sengbhalang has to hold protests. The curfew, the curfew, most of the time it is we the people who violate or disrespect the actions of the Sengbhalang.
The winners of the 10km – Senior (Men & Women) will receive T.5,000/-, T.3,000/- and T.2,000/- for the first, second and third place respectively.
The Principal of the College, Dr. EM Blah, said that the college has been appointed by the Jowai Govt.
Although the efforts of the HCN have been difficult and expensive, it is appropriate to congratulate this group for its efforts to overcome all these challenges, with the strong hope that the people in the The villagers should also give their support by connecting to this network and that this network can also grow and improve in its services of disseminating news and entertainment at the same time through programmes. from various productions which it has agreed to broadcast across the country.
Foreign authorities are mentioned under the provisions of the Foreigners Act
She expressed her disappointment at the voice in the department as it cannot generate revenue on its own.
Improvement of ground at Boldamgre T.70 lakh, construction of rynsan at Grengandi T.10 lakh, improvement of ground at Mukhla T.10 lakh and construction of viewing platform at T.10 lakh.
Meghalaya had scored 78/6 in the first innings before the end of the innings.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin wrote on Twitter: "She has been accused of loving a Christian boy" and said her family will be prosecuted. their wickedness against this young woman.
After the Khadar rule under the French and when we came into India through the Khadar rule of the Assamese, we Khasi became known more and more about the culture and about the It is our custom that women, especially the KHADDUH, are the masters and owners of all the affairs of the family.
Shillong: The Presbyterian Youth Church Daistong today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a 1020 sq.feet office.
“Ka seng warns that it will continue to ensure that those who spread garbage in this area near the road and as the seng requests the public to think about it. “The union is ready to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs in order to bring about a clean environment,” he said. and especially the works that should be done for the benefit of the people,” he added.
East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills have the highest number of cases with 55 cases followed by Ri Bhoi with
Don't be afraid, if you are not arrested, even if you are arrested, there is a law to protect those who want to change; in accordance with section 64 of the NDPS Act
But they couldn’t do anything because it was too loud.
If they feel it is good for them to join the BJP-led party, we have nothing against them," he said.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, said that the party has found that there are about 1,600,000 youths who are unemployed even after completing most of their studies. it also leads to evil deeds for young people.
Before the Niamtre children took part in the farmer dance and other traditional dances in traditional costumes, a meeting was held at Mynkoi Pyrdi, Iongpiah and later the crowd went to Iawmusiang, Jowai.
To express the views of the party, the leaders of the HiTO led by the Vice President, Bah Alvis Kyrsian have met with the four MLAs of Ri Bhoi District including U.K. Mayral Born Syiem, Mawhati MLA, Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Umsning MLA and Umroi MLA who did not receive the election. The MLAs also submitted a written statement on the party's expectations regarding the implementation of the Reservation Policy and Roster System in accordance with the Office of Memorandum .
This was announced by the National Vice President of the BJP, Dr. Chuba Ao while talking to media in Shillong.
Until the end of the first half, both the teams did not manage to score these goals and managed to share 10 points.
The vehicle was carrying a man from Rangia, Assam although he was from West Bengal.
Tura, Naitung 1 : The Special Court of West Garo Hills District Session Court has sentenced to imprisonment of accused under the POCSO Act. One 20-year-old was fined 25,000 tyngka and the other 7-year-old was fined 10,000 tyngka.
However, when the shun was mixed with the drugs, all these things turned upside down.
We must work hard and diligently to avoid being influenced by foreign forces who have evil intentions against our state.
Players who can participate up to 10 per team are 7 Players and 3 Substitutes.
These masked men began to shout and beat the mother and child.
Wanbok's mother (Kong Lumspah) also came out and greeted them all and gave them bread to eat.
The State Government has rejected the proposal of the HPC on 25 June 2022 to provide 200 square meters of land to each household in the European Ward. 342 households have been affected by the construction of houses.
Lajong have earned six points from two matches in Group B. Lajong will play against Anantapur Football Academy on 26th June at 9 am.
He said that if the UCC says that the whole of India should give jait to women like the Khasi and Garo, will it be opposed, and Meghalaya will be the first to accept it.
They have said clearly that they will not introduce GST at the time of speaking,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
After following the instructions in the message, the resident found that she had lost `49,999 from her bank account.
He said that the issue of water and air quality does not fall under the jurisdiction of the SEIAA. HITO therefore demands that the Chief Minister should immediately ban these Donbok Dkhar, President of the Central Body and Sromwell Mawdoh, Vice President of the Central Body, said that the factories have been illegally opened in the state.
He said that the nation will go when the people elect MLAs who cannot speak.
Finally, the price of Synsar in the market is not due to the taxes that traders have to pay to the government but due to exploitation. ) of the consumers which has exceeded the limit not only of Synsar but almost all the food products produced by our farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, Lajong head coach Bobby L.Nongbet said that the team is well prepared for the match after the team lost 3 points in the first half. He is confident that the team will return and focus on today's match.
This is the first exodus of the Israelites.
which will start at 3 pm.
In a statement, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that for more than 10 years, the Director of Agriculture and Research and Training has been holding the post of Director of Agriculture and Research and Training. to the Horticulture Department.
She said that the desire to contest the elections should improve governance in the state and help the youth.
“The demand for the construction of railings on all the footpaths from Petrol Pump Khliehriat, East to Petrol Pump Dkhiah East is to ensure the safety of pedestrians especially school children and also to avoid overcrowding of vehicles on the highway. Damechwa Syrti General Secretary of the HNYF. He said that at present the footpath is narrow because the vendors use the footpath as a place to sell their goods.
Referring to the UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and PDF, it can be said that they are the hill parties that the people know well and are well aware of the policies of these parties.
At present, Robert said that the indigenous people are very poor but the district council is registering foreigners instead of expelling them. “They are using the law only as a means of creation. money but not as a shield to protect us,” he added.
He said he had a large quantity of piat, which arrived at the Chittagong port on Sunday and was purchased from Myanmar, Turkey, China and Egypt.
Speaking as the chief guest, the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah A.Nongbri, MCS, encouraged and encouraged the students to be hardworking and diligent in their studies. He also thanked the office of the District Mission Coordinator, for organizing this program which will help the children to build their future. They through their skills because in this program there are many competitions in which the children have to compete to win.
He said they have requested detailed information on the acquisition of land and the distribution of the land compensation within 10 days.
Shillong: Two MDCs of Ri Bhoi District from the opposition have urged the council to allocate special funds for the Arts & Culture Department for those raids or himas which are still performing shad. tradition and preservation of the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
It can be said that this is the center of anglers not only around the island but throughout the Wah kynshi (Anglers' paradise).
There is no hope for the power of man, except for the power of God to deliver this nation as God delivered the children of Israel.
There is no need to divide because we have the same Schedule Tribe status.
“It is surprising that Mukul Sangma has announced the Rice Mission scheme without any documents, but billions of rupees have flowed into the programme,” he said. Conrad.
Police also seized a large quantity of items, including letters demanding money in the name of various political parties, including three in the name of the Hynniewtrep People Defence. Alliance (HPDA), three receipt books in the name of HPDA, two donation receipt slips related to the United Khasi Movement (UKM), two donation receipt slips of the Federation of Khasi United People (FKUP) , two donation receipt slips of the Confederation of Meghalaya People (CMP), one counterfoil receipt slip of the KHYC and two donation receipt slips of the Hynniewtrep Youth Regions (HYR).
However, we must also understand that these are only the complaints filed with the police and the cases that have reached the courts.
Shillong: The Congress party today announced that it will contest the mid-term elections from Mawryngkneng.
“It is with great honor that I have accepted this post as Lamphang.
He said that through this investigation, the members of the Association and their relatives informed the Ummulong Police Beat House about the disappearance of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh and the vehicle.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has given its full support to the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang on its demand to upgrade the Umkiang PHC to CHC. The time has come to upgrade Umkiang PHC to CHC as there are 15,000 residents from 16 villages including the border villages like Huroi, Lejri, Line and Borsora.
Speaking on the occasion, the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, praised Dr. Kishav Baliram Hedgewar and it was through his vision that the RSS of India has become what it is today. He also encouraged the citizens to be people who love themselves and respect others as this is the only weapon that can unite India despite the differences in many ways.
In addition, T.10 crore has been allocated for the construction of the Sutnga-Sumer road from 3 km to 22 km in East Jaintia Hills in the year 2012-2 “It is surprising how the PWD department has released the money without first considering the condition of the work,” she said.
Before the visit, Pastor TT Diengdoh gave a special prayer followed by a short speech by Pastor SC Diengngan. , who expressed the duties, needs and good intentions of the Church in setting up the Children's Home for those children and orphans in need.
"2) BLESSINGS THROUGH THE ENVIRONMENT:- Read Exodus chapters 16,
The polling was held in Rajasthan on Saturday with about 74 per cent voters turning out to exercise their rights.
Mawkyrwat: The Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, who is also the Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress, on Tuesday warned the people of Mawkyrwat and the state as a whole, that they should not to deceive the parties that are deceived only during elections.
Many day laborers have also turned to these areas and compared to the income generation through coal mining it is much better than logging.
L.P.School.
Why wasn't it given to the Khasi-Pnars? How can the Garo claim what they have lost? That’s gone, not coming back.
“To me, the success of a doctor is one who dedicates himself to serving the community and is able to heal people and strengthen the health system and train nurses,” said Dr. Vardhan.
In another report, Defense Minister Amit Shah in his speech in Jharkhand promised to protect the rights of the people of Meghalaya and the entire Eastern Region.
It is learned that in the next few days, other illegal coal mining factories in Shallang will be closed down.
He gave an example of himself that he wanted to study civil service, his parents encouraged him to study doctor and this did not go anywhere and as in this age of knowledge parents should know how to look after Understand the skills of your children so that their future will not be lost.
Shillong, June 5: Mawshynrut MDC Morningstar Mawsor is preparing to contest the 2018 MLA election against his brother Witting Mawsor, who is the incumbent HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut. They explained to Bah Morning that he should not hurry, but he should sit down first because it is not pleasant to fight against his brothers and sisters but Bah Morning Mawsor should not back down. and went on to compete directly in
In South West Khasi Hills, two former UDP MLAs, Pius Marweiñ and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, have returned to the Legislative Assembly with victory.
These two albums were launched by Bah S. Marsing, Asst Commandant of 6th Battalion Umran Niangbyrnai, in the presence of Paiem Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Raid Nongpoh and other dignitaries. of the area.
The treatment was conducted by a line of doctors including Dr. Marbaniang of Lumshnong PHC and his staff and doctors and staff from Topcem Health Centre.
Speaking at the SP Shillong office, the suspects include Bah Ben G Nongsiej (24) from Mawprem and Bah Ilostar Lyngkhoi (40) from Mairang. ), said that they have been tricked by the robbers to take the shyieng boit from Assam so that they can sell it again to get a lot of money to get rich.
These include 71 cases from East Khasi Hills, 9 cases from West Garo Hills and
The High Court said that if the government does so, it will benefit the government to collect revenue and at the same time the income of the people who earn their living from jobs related to the country. dewïong can start again.
Conrad said the government or the Legislative Assembly understands the feelings of the Christians in the state but it cannot cancel the session tomorrow (Sunday) as the Parliament is ongoing. The Lamphang and Officers will have time to take part in this meeting in Shillong.
Others who attended the meeting included the Director of JHDS Fr Manbha Pakem, the Coordinator of JHDS Bah Denis Kurkalang, the Waheh Shnong of Namdong B Bah Damian S. War and other dignitaries.
This will stay with us and as the villages become urban, the production will increase in those villages.
“This year there are 10 beneficiaries and the total donation received from the people has reached T.47,000 out of which two people have passed away. T.10,000 each and with this we have been able to distribute T.5 thousand each to the beneficiaries to purchase the equipment and even after the 22nd of this month there are still those who have come to donate. long T.50, 000 and last year we were able to donate only to 8 poor people and this year to 10 people by purchasing equipment worth T.4,500 and fare T.5 spah for Two of these 10 have been selected from all over Khasi Jaintia,” said Babu Kular.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Upper Shillong Circle has lodged a complaint with the Director of the Youth Council, Dr. J Jyrwa.
When the father returned home from the river, he did not see his daughter and thought she had gone to school.
Although the State Government has set a target of spending hundreds of crores of rupees to provide adequate health care to the residents of the State, but the health facilities in the rural areas are not sufficient. big.
Chan, who rides his bicycle every day for about 150km to complete his 20,000km journey across the country, has so far traveled through Uttarakhand. , Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, UP, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, TN, Kerala, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Assam and now in Shillong where he will visit It will travel to Silchar and Agartala around the states of the North East and will proceed to Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and end in Delhi. 20 thousand km.
Those who receive land according to the agreement, will have to pay a small fee of T.10 tyngka per annum.
Regarding the Shillong-Western By Pass, Prestone said that the DC of East Khasi Hills and the DC of Ri Bhoi are in progress especially to get the land to pass through the road.
“We have the same opinion as the High Court, we don't say that it will start from now on, we leave it to the government to take a decision and if it is not the government it will be the decision. legislature,” said Mr. Shangpliang.
The SP said that the Sleeper Cell of the HNLC has received orders from senior leaders in Bangladesh to carry out terrorist activities.
Shillong, March 15: St. Joseph's Secondary School, Nongtalang, invites and invites all former students and former teachers to attend the Golden Jubilee Year Closing Ceremony to be held at the school campus. 18th of this month at 11 pm.
"The program was organized by AVENUES at Pioneer's Secondary School and United Baptist Secondary School in Baghmara, South Garo Hills; Secondary School at Khliehtyrshi, West Jaintia Hills, from 21st to 25th July
The National Workshop was inaugurated by the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, in the presence of experts from the state and across India.
Mulang Ïalong won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 tournament held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
At the same time, he said the state government has tried its best to resolve this environmental issue and to follow the rules of law.
The Chief Guest at this meeting praised Michael Thongni, who is also the head of this training scheme which has been running across the state, for being a visionary for the children. Samla, in which he and other government officials did not refuse to cooperate, when he came to meet with proposals and also expressed the needs and aspirations of the youth in West Khasi Hills.
The reduction in the power outage time comes after the water level in Umïam Dam, one of the power generation projects in the state, has risen sharply.
Speaking to media, Ma Lakmen said that on 7th November 2020, the UGC has issued a directive to conduct the examination for Under Graduate and Post Graduate. to be completed by 30 September 2020 and on this; Four states have appealed against the decision to the Supreme Court, where the Supreme Court has ruled that it is necessary to conduct the examination, but the Supreme Court has also ruled that it is necessary to conduct the examination. The state government has decided to postpone the examination for a while and to postpone the examination they should seek permission from the UGC. North Eastern Hills University (UGC) today decided to write to the UGC to request permission to postpone the examinations in the state. The examination will be postponed from 7th to 16th March 2020 and the result will be announced by 31st March.
Noting that the recent bomb blast was an attempt to end the peace talks in a peaceful manner, the Secretary of the HPC said that this incident was not a coincidence but a coincidence. It is a sign of insecurity for other minority groups in Meghalaya.
He said that the UDP has already raised this issue in the Legislative Assembly and has now instructed the party leaders to find out how much weight is enough for the children to carry according to their age and to submit the report to the UDP Parliament.
Today is a memorable day in the history of the State as the Cabinet meeting has decided to change the structure of the Education Department in the State.
Samla Biswal was 19 years old at the time of the shooting and was studying at Government Boys Secondary School and Karate (white belt) at YMCA. Bhoi and Shillong and Jaiaw.
Last year, Meghalaya won only one Rnong medal in football under the leadership of Jeffrey Warlarpih as coach.
Singh and Haokip visited Latri and Sonabil and in their speeches, they said that South West Garo Hills is very poor and does not have adequate schools and has very few schools. good roads.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday visited Mawsmai village to inaugurate the water distribution scheme for three villages in the area. He praised Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, by saying that he is one of the most skilled leaders in bringing about development in his own constituency.
The Cabinet also approved the decision to amend the Assam Act No.IX of
The only female candidate of the NPP from Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, on Saturday launched the ambulance of the Umkiang Youth Wing.
Peace is the most precious wealth of any nation, and of any kingdom.
The Rangbah Shnong, said that it is a great fortune, because there were no injuries to the people passing through the area and that it happened only to these vehicles, which were parked all night. in this syndah well.
They must be completed without delay.
In this state, most of the deaths are now caused by road accidents, which are sometimes caused by self-destruction, or by the driving style of the drivers.
The union demands that the Meghalaya government should send its police to protect the people in Mukroh and immediately withdraw the Assam police.
Nongpoh, July 28: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhaya today inaugurated the Payment for Eco-System Service (PES) scheme. the goal of using natural resources as part of environmental protection.
Earlier, Nitin Gadkari, Minister of Transport, announced in April 2015, that the Government of India will pay T.50,000 to owners of old heavy vehicles to replace and buy new vehicles. The government will pay T.30,000 and will also forgive taxes and other payments for trucks, up to T.1.5 lakh per vehicle. car.
During the meeting with the KSU and FKJGP, the leaders of the two organizations including the KSU and FKJGP together with the Sordar Shnongs, said that the company The Sohpian-Nongstoiñ road from chainage 73.500 to 80.424 has not followed the DPR which includes cleaning and improvement.
The incident happened on the 6th of July when the village authorities did not allow Shita Kharmuti to bury her daughter, Ribynna Kharmuti, 19 years old. who died on the 5th of July.
The seven most basic needs of human life can be mentioned here and they are; (i) food, income (ii) water supply (iii) housing (iv) clothing (v) health and (vi) freedom.
“It has been two months since we wrote to the government but the government has not responded yet,” said Samla Jyrwa.
Hamas militants have released about 50 Israelis including women and children after Israel and Hamas agreed to a four-day ceasefire. and at the same time to deliver aid from various countries and international agencies to the people of Gaza.
The party has encouraged all the members of the Voice of People Party (VPP) especially its leader to move forward until victory or get the rights and demanded for the benefit of the people. .
I'll come as well," Peter said with a smile.
This is in accordance with the decision of the Supreme Court of India, which said that the flying of the flag of India is the right of every Indian and should be vigilant. and respectfully, in accordance with the Flag Code of India
To avoid being hacked in the first place, you must take responsibility for yourself to be careful not to misuse social media, because if you don't know how to use it, it puts you at risk.
However, our ancestors knew how to take care of them by giving them Ñiangsohpet.
Bataw FC won by a walkover after Umstain SC didn't score.
Thus, this proves that breast milk is very precious and that mothers should not take for granted this role that God has given you.
On the other hand, the police department said that it is ready to accept the insurgents who come to surrender but they must comply with the requirements of the law.
However, when speaking publicly, even Christian groups are referred to as religions. Some people say what religion you belong to, such as the Catholic Church, Presbyterian Church, Church of God or various Fellowship Churches.
Shillong, Naitung, 09: The Chief Executive Members of Sohra and Shella areas under the umbrella of the Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) have reminded the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma regarding the demand. to divide the East Khasi Hills District and to create a new district.
“The absence of a full-time DMHO in the District has affected the working methods because the Additional DMHO who is in charge of the district does not have the authority to take decisions even if it is a small matter. They said that in talks with the DHS, the KSU WJHDU has demanded the immediate appointment of a full-time DMHO for the convenience of the people of the area.
In West Khasi Hills, the Pyndengrei Parish is one of the missions which has dedicated itself to serving the rural people in education by building good and well-equipped schools.
It will also help to remember that St Anthony's College was founded by the Salesian Society of Don Bosco more than 50 years ago during the years when India was under the rule of the French. not only schools, but also colleges.
Qassim's death has severely affected the Iranian army and could lead to war between the two countries, the report said.
He said that before cleaning, they should check that it is not so, but they should build properly.
Our people have followed the teachings of the French where the knii leave their brothers, sisters, relatives, wealth, and land to become the fathers of the children of men who do not accept even the race that he but the seed itself.
There are some of my friends who didn't know how to use the scale while going to school, only class-X or HSLC passed to become overseers in Dist.
The Seng is proud of the fact that for many years the Jaidbynriew has been awarded this title by non-Khasi Jaidbynriew but sometimes we have seen that the Jaidbynriew has started to improve in education.
The counting of votes in all three States will be on October 2,
It is also like the cold of this month before the 7th of June to pay the market fees as usual, it is like the cold of this month, but it has been cold in Sohryngkham. How the bill light which used to be 950/- per month has now reached 11,500/- as if the bridge to go to the office should be paid.
England beat Denmark 2-1 in the semi-finals of Euro 2020 on Saturday to allow England to face Italy in the final. at Wembley, next Sunday.
The victims included 12 soldiers who surrendered and two civilians.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth, on Saturday declared the entire district as a containment area after a jhur vendor in Ladrymbai tested positive for COVID-1
The 23 kilometer road, which will start from Nongstoin and reach Wahlyngdoh, has been funded through the World Bank's Meghalaya Integrated Transport (MITP). Nongpyndeng, Mawlait, Nongtraw, Wahlyngdoh, Nongsba, Mawdong and Miangshang.
He congratulated all the winners and participants and urged them to work hard to bring glory to the state.
Akrisha said that Hira's land is only 15000 sq. km.
Hamlet said he will soon discuss with his supporters which way to go forward and from which party he will contest.
The Public Lavatory was obtained through the MDC Scheme 2015-2016 which was brought by the EM JHADC Ma Holando Lamin with the contribution of the village.
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has already informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and the NHAI and requested them to repair the road as soon as possible. However, the Dorbar Shnong has not taken any action on this request and the NHAI has not done as it promised. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take to the streets on the 3rd of November.
Therefore, in the sight of God it is the soul of man that is most precious.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has urged all its four MLAs to implement the MLA schemes in a clean and transparent manner and also to submit reports every year. you time to the public.
Bor Diengdoh of the Shillong Sport Association said that it was not possible to bring Bah Handil to Polo to watch the football match in the evening and to show how far the state has achieved in football.
For if any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy;" 1 Corinthians 3:1
Let us humble ourselves and humble ourselves as the King of Nineveh took off his royal robe and covered himself with a robe of sackcloth and sat on the fire.
Bonily Khongmen is MLA from Block II Women Constituency. Another MLA is Ma Larsing Khyriem from Jowai.
There are still many areas to protect the nation and the country, especially at this time when foreigners are increasingly invading, which requires the cooperation between the State Government, District Councils, the Hima and the Raid Dorbars, the Shnong Dorbars.
The number of cases in India has risen to 39.3 lakh with 68,472 deaths, making it the third highest number of cases in the world.
Shillong: There have been 388 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 483 recoveries and 6 deaths.
So far, those who have applied for tickets are Bantyngshain Rynga and Grace Mary Kharpuri.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Bah Silverster Mynsong, congratulated the National Commission for Women for organizing this special program to train women to become women. know those ways and means to start a business.
Sports that have been able to drop their curtain include Karate, Badminton, Swimming, Gymnastics and Golf.
Of course, we cannot say that as Christians we have consecrated this day as a special day to commemorate the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.
His son, Siewdor Marbaniang, has T.200,000 and T.1,100 in two bank accounts, his assets are T.15,000, he also owns a house in Lower Mawprem worth T. 10 lakh rupees.
The order was issued after it was found that the reason for the JHADC's suspension was because he did not convene the dorbar at all and the High Court also urged the JHADC to suspend the order. Shelsing Langi, Rangbah Shnong, has been appointed to convene a Dorbar Shnong.
He said the final report of the regional committee is still pending, as the district administration is still working on the border for the distribution of villages between the Khasi and Karbi.
God has shown His love for the people of the world, but many do not believe because they do not know what the Word of God says, so they perish, my people perish, my people are destroyed, because of unbelief and unbelief.
It is beyond imagination that the Assam government will urge the Indian government (BJP) to bring the issue of border settlement between it and Meghalaya to the floor of Parliament. If you don't shut your mouth on this matter, you will receive reward and benefit.
After the protest to demand the strengthening of the MBOSE, in 2005, when there was a mass rally at Madan Student, which was attended by the people of Shillong, but the meeting, which was held on Saturday. , is the largest, in which the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia have gathered.
Many areas in Siju, Rongara, Maheshkola and Khalu have been blocked due to the collapse of bridges and roads.
Sitting on the boat was very pleasant because in the middle of the water there were trees and the beautiful singing of birds which was very pleasant.
Shillong: The Department of Agriculture on Tuesday held a meeting with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) to discuss the loss of farmers in Meghalaya. The farmers have difficulty in paying the loan from this bank.
The group also requested the support of the people of the State to pray for them so that they can reach their destination safely and receive the fruits of victory to bring fame and glory. honor the state.
Rhea Chakravorty, the girlfriend of the late Sushant Singh Rajput, has been arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau today.
Even though they are in the Bangladesh border areas, far from the Sub Division and District Headquarters, the village leaders do not forget to celebrate this day of the country, as part of raising awareness among the public about the citizenship. to bring peace, happiness, unity and to instill in the minds of the citizens to love the country and the nation.
WATER:- Water is essential for the body but drinking it without washing it can introduce many germs into the mouth and the whole body.
aided institutions)?.
Shillong: The Khatarshnong Area Sports Club (KASL) has decided to hold the Khatarshnong 1st Division and 2nd Division Football League
Immediately inform the MeECL authorities to turn off the electricity supply to the area.
“We have decided to talk to the Urban Affairs Department if the schools and colleges in the city don't want these buses,” he said. They should not be transferred to other districts.
The Jowai Maternal & Child Health Hospital has been inaugurated by the Chief Minister since November 2022, but till date the hospital has not been fully operational.
On the other hand, Madona Nongsiej, Additional Project Officer, Mawkyrwat Block, urged the residents of the area to get their Aadhar Number. the government may lose their benefits.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Market of Mylliem Hima, who was present at the inspection today, said that today is the first time for him to visit Umsning Market since he assumed office as Minister of Market. He said he had no knowledge of the matter and would have to report to the dorbar of the Hima Mylliem.
According to police, three of these robbers were arrested from Amlarem, three from Pynursla and one from Shallang.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Ma OR Shallam said that it is a day to remember the present members of the executive committee as well as the children of Niamtre of Seiñraij Jowai who have contributed to build this sacred building.
AAY rice will be distributed at the rate of 35 kilos per card and PHH at the rate of 5 kilos per head.
He said the mission of Tata Communications and GHE is to deliver development projects without damaging the environment.
On the other hand, the RBES would like to thank all those who have donated to the committee and who have taken part in the organization of this competition in the District of Ri Bhoi. take part that they may do well.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong, welcomed by the Rangbah Shnong, Jop Rymbai and welcome speech by Suk Shullai.
The march started from Nohwet village where a discussion was held to explain the purpose of the march.
However, I urgently need the government to improve the roads around Shillong.
His mother, Proyoda Gogoi, 85, who has been traveling to several parts of the constituency, has worked hard in this campaign.
On the other hand, Modi expects India to have the right to host the Olympics in 2036 and even the Youth Olympics in
The elderly will also be supported through MHIS. Sixty pharmacies will be set up and one in each block, where the medicines in these shops will be less than 20 percent of the price.
The Seng Khasi Mawlai was established in 2014 by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. Earlier, the 100th Annual Festival was held at the Madan Heh Stadium, Mawlai. , Mawlai Village Square Mawroh and also inside Umsaw Village.
However, they expressed their concern that the KAAC through the Forest Department has set up five revenue collection gates at Sabuda, Umsynduk, Jatalong, Umjaknieh, Umwang-Umsohphoh square. “We have seen that there has been a cooperation between the KHADC and the KAAC and as of now there is no delay in development works.
This kills the desire of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to help the youth in employment,” said Bernard.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Samla Kyrshan Marbaniang Vice President, on Tuesday met with the Secretary of the Meghalaya Legal Aid Service Authority (HYC) Shillong, Shillong. along with a letter requesting for the release of the Meghalaya Victims Compensation Scheme (MVCS) within the West Khasi Hills District.
Bah Stanliwiss Rymbai also appealed to the people of Umroi, as they won in 2003 and 2008, to vote for him again this time after he came forward to contest again because he has many goals and desires. Umroi Constituency as a whole.
They beat South Africa by three wickets at Eden Gardens on Friday.
They were provided with everything from adequate seating to greetings which pleased the dignitaries who were invited to the festival.
At the same time, the party has decided to accept anyone who owns trucks in Ri-Lum Jaintia to become full members of the party.
The teachers said that the reason why they have to build their own houses is because they want to solve the problems faced by the MC.
