“I don't want to contest the election of my own free will or announce in the media whether I will contest or not, but I want the people to decide,” said Pastor PBM.
The Rangbah Shnongs of the area, said that they cannot refuse to restrict the entry and exit of foreigners, because they are afraid of COVID-19 and also because they believe in the orders of the government. state and the MLA of the constituency.
It cannot be said that although water sources are important, the people have not yet learned to appreciate or protect the forests which are an important part of protecting them from their destruction. water well.
Nine schools from two C&RD Block, Khliehriat and Saipung C&RD Block have participated in this competition.
Mann also admitted that Singla had not responded to his demand for money from the tenderers.
Namewanki Pakynteiñ took two wickets for 75 runs in 16 overs and Kishlay Vishlux took two wickets for 65 runs in 11 overs.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered that if CM Jha is arrested by the State Police, he should not be arrested. to give him bail; However, this will be after the investigating authorities of the state government have approved the basis of their investigation into him.
“All three were found dead at 9:30 pm and their father was lying on the ground,” he said.
“I believe the BJP has understood from what happened in the last elections that it is to respect the principles of the Constitution and to take action against the violating members,” he said.
On 31st November, the family members of the HYC, together with the HYC leaders, lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station and asked the suspect to surrender before the arrival of the suspect. Regarding this incident, the HYC, through Bah Hercules Suting, has condemned the robber, who dared to commit this crime against the HYC. tymmen, which was also called Meirad.
There is a possibility that the fire was caused by an electrical fault, but at that time, the electricity did not go out.
Besides these two celebrities, there were also singers and dancers from Qatar to perform.
The figure was collected on Friday in China, the report said.
This is according to a statement issued by the Waheh Shnong of Wapungskur, Bah Deolangki Dkhar.
Shillong: The meeting of the State Government today decided not to extend the curfew in Shillong, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on his Facebook page.
Instead of strengthening and developing your own, you are turning to something else.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that before the end of this month, they will visit Khanduli area, where he said that the Chairman and Regional Committees will take the necessary measures. when it comes to the commencement of settlement negotiations for the second.
Unquote The Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 reads as follows – Quote “Preamble.
These two hat-tricks were scored by Poimi Thubru of Nangbah Mooknor and Chimiki Pale of Ialong.
On the 30th November, 2013, the KSU together with the FKJGP laid a wreath laying ceremony at the memorial of Woh Kiang Nangbah opposite the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
On the construction of the Laitumkhrah Municipal Market, Sniawbha said that the target is to complete the project by 30th July
Finally, as the Leader of the RBYF, he said that the RBYF will not hesitate to continue to seek information through the RTI, on the collection of money by the department from the factories in the country. region.
New Delhi: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar was shot dead by a man at his village in Bakhtiyarpur today.
Besides, they also demanded assistance to build houses, to be promoted according to their rights, to improve the recording of their employment and others.
He said that as Christians, if we say that we cannot bring about a clean government or fight against corruption, it is not true Christianity, but it is a Christianity that is merely working. leaf.
East Khasi Hills has 196 new cases followed by West Garo Hills with 96 new cases.
So she comforted her mother.
“I want to make it clear that the people sent by the government have come to the office of the party three times to promise to give me jobs, money and other things. “But on our part we say no,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were ADM Bah Banri Mawlong, students from colleges who have agreed with the DC Shillong office to register students in colleges.
“I have received information from the IB (Intelligence Bureau) that some people have been listening to my phone conversations,” he said.
A farmer can grow a wide variety of vegetables throughout the year to generate income for his needs.
The Government has allocated T.681.88 crore for development projects including education T.555.2 crore, roads and bridges T.509.9 crore, C&R department T.380.5 crore, health. Rs.147 crore.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen said that there is an understanding here and there that she will not be biased towards one ethnic group and despise another.
Meghalaya was led by retired Justice C.Vaiphei and Assam was led by Justice Kumi Rani Phukan. or only one team of inquiry, but it is because this area which is in the midst of dispute because of the violence of Assam, the two Governments have appointed their own Commission and expressed their own opinion. .
“Ka seng understands that through the opportunity for Khasi youth to compete in various sports, it will help them in terms of income and will also encourage youngsters who want to stand up. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Donald V Thabah, General Secretary, KSU.
As he had done before, so will he do now: for the LORD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.Genesis 6:5
Not only that, it was also reported that there are also places where the cables have been cut off, due to the construction of the road from Shillong to Dawki and this is another reason, which has affected the mobile phones. region.
“We are still talking to other parties who agree, after that, we will announce the candidate,” said the working president of the UDP. to entrust the election of party candidates in the party districts for the MDC elections to be held next year in
On the other hand, the candidates were Bah Shemhok Garod from Nangbah Village who said that he has been a former MDC since 1999 for 3 terms. There are already those high level or rich constituencies who hold business, government and other jobs, but the low level or poor don't get anything and now these low levels have decided to contest. from this persecution.
The fifth phase of the scheme is to install DI gravity feeder main pipes from 6 mer to the zonal reservoirs in Nongmynsong and Mawpat.
At the same time, Marconi urged the state government to take action on this issue and before the end of the month, the road should be completed so that there will be no more problems. to the merchants as well as to the people, whether in the rainy season or in the rainy season.
Speaking on the occasion, Doctors and Officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said that TB is one of the most dangerous diseases if the people do not take care and think at the right time which can lead to TB. death.
Besides, the extinction of smaller animals such as shrieh, tngaw, rabbits, wild boars and others, is due to the shooting of gunmen.
The Jirang MDC urged the EM of the land to inspect these parmaws from Killing to Ranikudam.
Replying to a question by BJP MLA Kusum Tete, the Minister of Transport said that the state government has decided to ban the use of these vehicles where they cannot to come into force from October 15, 2023, in accordance with the Registered Vehicle Scrapping Facility Policy
The General Assembly of the Union of Catholic Women, Shillong Archdiocese to be held at St. Joseph Church Premises, Mawkhar Parish, Shillong on the 4th of this month has been informed that the following routes have been arranged. - The parking lot for heavy vehicles coming from Rip Hoi will be in Wahumkhrah area and opposite the Seng Khasi School. Heavy vehicles coming from Nongthymmai and Upper Shillong will park near KJP and St. Dominic, Mawkhar. Vehicles coming from Nongthymmai and Upper Shillong will park at Anjalee Parking and MUDA Parking Lot. Those from Jaiaw will stop at the Bhoi Stand, Lumdiengjri, while those from Jaiaw will stop at the Christian Academy.
Nongstoiñ, June 13: A group of teachers from various schools in West Khasi Hills District, today held a meeting at Free Morning School Nongstoiñ, as part of the discuss the challenges faced by the farmers from time to time.
Shillong: The construction of the Indoor Sports Hall cum Multi Utility Center in Lummawbah Village will soon be completed. Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency who is also Minister of Community and Rural Development, Government.
The Winter Carnival will feature food and drink, children's games and other entertainment activities.
On this occasion, Bah Nongshlong urged the District Election Officer of West Khasi Hills to take action against these two candidates before the 2023 elections.
This is a scheme of the government to help the people when they are sick.
He hoped that this year's Behdeiñkhlam will be a successful one as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence.
The CEM of Karbi Anlong District Council, Tuliram Ronghang, during his inspection of the Mukroh area, has admitted that the Khasi-Pnars living in the Mukroh area are invaders and loggers. forests under the jurisdiction of Assam.
Debobrata Paul of Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy was awarded the Most Promising Player of the Tournament title.
Meanwhile, Panaliar Village has taken a step to ban anyone from entering and leaving the village by vehicle or on foot to play loudspeakers or music.
Therefore, the demand on the ground with the people is the last resort for the VPP for the issue.
The BJP Vice President in charge of Meghalaya, M Chuba Ao, on Friday said that he has decided to contest up to 400 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. saying something like, “Our plan now is to go to all the places we haven’t been to in previous years.
The article also shows that the decline in the number of poor people calculated using the exponential method has increased between 2015-16 and 2019-21 (10.66% decrease per annum). compared to 2005-06 to 2015-16 (7.69% decrease per annum).
On the same day, MAYU also distributed awards to the students who have brought honor and progress in their studies as an encouragement and example to other students. The day will be filled with songs, dances and traditional dances by the youth of the area.
After the inspection, a meeting was held at the Ïing Shnong of the village to discuss the issue of this road.
So far, only Meghalaya and Sikkim have not been affected by the virus.
Immediately, the Dean of Students Welfare, the Warden in charge of Hostel 19 and the Security Officer of the university arrived at the scene to stop the incident.
Shillong, March 27: The Joint Action Committee of the All Meghalaya Farmers Union (JA CAMFU) has expressed its appreciation to the speech of Bah PN Syiem CEM on the issues of the farmers in the state.
Bah Jyrwa said that as a continuation of the celebration of this 'Dum' Day, NESO has decided to hold a rally of iong flags and iong banners at many important places in all the nine districts. to the State on the 11th of this month.
There will be no signature of any person or entity on these certificates.
He said that this order will come into force immediately until further notice.
Besides, the existence of the colored road constructed by the Assam government is not what the people want or want.
They submitted forged documents to her office in order to get a birth certificate, said Majaw.
However, later, when the police withdrew, the crowd, which had increased to about 200 people, who came from Jaiaw, Mawlai, Mawprem and Wahingdoh, started turning back to Motphran. There was a stone throwing, a shooting and the police also responded by shooting with lyer pynsatkhmat and then the crowd retreated again, while the police chased them away. to parts of St Dominic's School; However, it was later in the evening that the police had seized these weapons and started to retreat and stood firm at Motphran to patrol.
The reason is due to the lack of water to irrigate the farmland during the ripening season.
Then there was Mama, Meinah, Meisan and so on.
In fact, the agreement was signed in June 2017 that the Dorbar Shnong will provide the land for the construction of the indoor stadium at a cost of T.22.7 crore from the North Eastern Council (NEC). I have also been employed by JC Infotech.
The troops left the area and seized only the weapons they had recovered from the area. The troops also identified one of the leaders of the group, Lieutenant Colonel Moirangthem. Tamba, known as Uttam, was involved in the 2015 attack on the 6th Dogra Regiment.
The central theme of Wildlife Week is 'Roar and Revive' exploring Human – Animal relationships.
Two days before the start of the annual Amarnath Yatra, a thorough inspection was conducted on Tuesday from Jammu to Banihal to ensure safety and other requirements. to ensure the safety and security of the pilgrims.
The club met with these children before leaving Shillong and received their blessings from the members of the club and wished them to play well and showcase their talents.
The handball match was fierce in the final where the participants showed their strength to win the tournament.
In a statement, issued by JTS Lamare and Welborn Bynnud, “From time to time for about 20 years, it has been seen that as the years and days go by, the Dewbilat Factory has been destroyed. The most famous and first of Meghalaya since the time when Assam was not divided.
Shetja water:- Shetja water is one of the best ways to treat rheumatism.
Bah Embhahlang Shadap, the manager of the motorcycle parking lot from Motphran to Bimola, after seeing the increasing crime especially the arrest of drug dealers near the two wheeler parking lot at Bimola. He said that the area has been a hotbed of crime since before he took over the job of running the two wheeler parking lot.
He also alleged that after the party started to slow down, Bah Mathew Nongrem, President of the BJP Nongstoiñ, went to visit former MLA Diostar Jyndiang and promised that if he joins the party, BJP will win the ticket easily.
Pannu claimed to be the general counsel of the illegal Sikhs for Justice (SFJ).
The celebration was enriched by a traditional song performance by various groups.
The President said that Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Elaka has been part and right of Jaintia Hills since ancient times and the residents of this Elaka are Nongjaintia (Pnar) since ancient times. beat the language, the thylliej, the kur, the jait and others.
Investigation is ongoing to find out the motive behind the fraud, said Munna Prasad Gupta, Police Commissioner, Guwahati.
Modi's visit to Shillong has touched his heart to love the BJP, he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dundee expressed his happiness that many young and old people have come to join the party, which has set the goal for Jaintia Hills as the government. to set up colleges in different parts of Jaintia Hills, so that the youth can easily go to school in their own places.
It is not easy for political parties to take a decision in a short period of time, by consensus, especially in the matter of electing a candidate.
“In addition to the prevention of entry into the forest at night by the guards of the area under the forest department, steps will be taken to erect signs and build a gate. Forest Department,” said Vivek.
He said that in fact, the bank should have provided the withdrawal slips, but to send them to collect them from Xeroz shops or other places, is very wrong and shows that the bank , wants to take advantage of the opportunity to withdraw money from the bank.
It's better that you sum up now at 10:30 and we'll eat when you finish sum up" she said to her husband. kamra sumYour husband has already cooked the food because he has lost his temper.
The Karbi people have blocked the road for the residents of Khanduli to farm in their fields in the Karbi villages like Myni, Umpawiang and so on.
Finally, a decree was issued that Haman should honor Mordecai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The BB Lyngdoh Memorial Committee (BBLMC) on Saturday marked the 12th anniversary of the passing away of Bah Brington Buhai Lyngdoh. .
Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was the chief guest at the closing ceremony, while MLA Prestone Tynsong was the chief guest.
Sitharaman said banks will allow low interest rates for building houses, buying cars and other low-cost clothes and deposits from factory workers will also decrease slightly. , at the time of borrowing, says the minister.
His relationship with Gomer makes him think about God's relationship with the people or the children of Israel.
Two people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1548 with 62 new cases reported on Monday.
Fortunately, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has sent this directive of the Government of India to our District Council for consideration and comment.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah said that the party will now go to the elections with 12 MLAs, from the 7 existing MLAs and the 4 new MLAs. Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA Mawphlang, who did not contest again.
B.M.Lanong Because of the lack of clarity in the newspapers, I would like to briefly summarize the events in KHADC, until it turned into a thma-ktien between the government and the Governor of the state, who failed to do so. Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, who was re-elected as CEM on 22.11.2019 with only 14 MDCs in the House, has not been appointed as CEM. The Assembly, which now has 29 members, has passed away recently after the death of Bah Nassar Marwein MDC UDP Ranikor.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Bah Gilbert Sten President Kur Sten Dorbar Pyllun, Meghalaya. He was a great man how to gather the members of the Kur ka jaid, from Bhoi, Shillong and Jaintia and others.
The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Sylvester Nongtnger IPS, said that no complaint has been received so far.
The MIMTF is a newly formed organization comprising of leaders of the Rabha, Boro, Hajong, Koch and Mann communities, which was formed on the 29th of this month to discuss the issue and request for their participation. members of these communities in discussion.
Therefore, the KSU questions this and at the same time urges the DM&HO office that this advertisement should be complete for all the posts that should be released, all 40 posts should not be. destroy it.
St. Don Bosco, you are the parish priest.
There are many types of environmental destruction, looting of mineral resources, killing of wildlife, dohum dohwah and widespread felling of trees, quarrying of stone and shyiap and so on.
Arklis Shadap (48), from Umsohlait village, Ri-Bhoi District, has been admitted to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong for treatment. pain had been overwhelming his body for many weeks.
“There will be no peace for the Naga people if one group is not involved in the peace talks,” Narayanasamy said.
Expensive.
Director Spike Lee has expressed his regret and anger over Beyonce's failure to win Album of the Year at the Grammys. In the past few years, she has never won the Album of the Year.
The Director of  Vocational Service Rtn.
In a meeting between the three groups, the state government and the central government have directed the ANVC-B under the leadership of its chairman Rimpu Marak to clarify the number of its members and the possession of weapons. so that it can take part in the signing of the peace talks which will soon come to an end.
Women and Social Media: In this age of social media, such as WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram, and others.
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 14.2 degrees Celsius, the coldest 6.1 degrees Celsius and Sohra 18.3 degrees Celsius. The temperature was 5.4 degrees Celsius, the highest temperature in Umiam was 13.6 degrees Celsius, and the lowest temperature was 4.2 degrees Celsius.
The expenditure for the implementation of the scheme in each district including Jaintia Hills T.3117.24 lakh, Ri-Bhoi Hills T.2061.26 lakh, East Khasi Hills T.2066.61 lakh and South Garo Hills T.7088.56 lakh. , West Garo Hills T.12073.58 lakh, East Garo Hills T.8161.05 lakh, and West Khasi Hills T.4902.06 lakh.
It is right for us the future generations to follow exactly in writing and printing as it has been decided to maintain the unity of us Khasi.
Shillong: Parents of Step by Step School students at Barik Point, Shillong have protested against the management of the school and expressed their anger over the insult to the children. Parents have been directed to pay once again the Admission Fee which has reached 10,0 amount.
Kong Wajri together with the state police chiefs laid flowers in front of the portraits of the deceased.
The suspects were identified as Mohammad Areef, Jollu Shiva, Jollu Naveen and Chintakunta Chennakeshavulu.
“If we don't turn to the VPP, we will surely lose even the rule of law and that will be the end of the nation,” he said.
Therefore, the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñraij 12 Daloi together with the Seiñraij Mupyut invite and welcome the Niamtre Niam Tynrai believers to attend this tournament.
Deputy Director General; to Ashok Kumar Jain, Deputy Director General (Compliance); to Dilip Kumar, Deputy Director General (Rural); u Salim Subas Bara, Director (Compliance); Yogendra Singh Sisodia, Director (Administration) and Dilip Singh Aswar, Director (Rural) from DoT North-East along with Vikas Pareek, Ranjeet Kumar and Jibesh Biswas from RJIL. BTS has opened the door to high-speed internet in the area.
He said that the duty of Police Officers is to serve the country and to contribute for the welfare of the people in the society.
Shillong, July 29 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the state government has allocated Rs 18 crore for the construction of a mini secretariat at Civil Sub-Division, Pynursla.
Dr. T. Shylla, Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block, in his speech said that there are 1710 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Wapung C&RD Block. to 17,000 members in 102 Village Organizations (VOs) in their respective activities with various government departments, such as agriculture, agriculture and other activities.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the party leaders will sit down to discuss the joining of Bah Shangpliang to the NPP. Two more teams will compete in the U-16 and U-14 tournaments to be organized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
Babu Caldinus Pohrmen, son of (L) Siang Nem Pohrmen and (L) Anthony Riang Bareh, residents of Nongtalang Amlariang, passed away on
The surprising thing is that especially the illegal mining and smuggling of coal, no one has paid any attention to it even though the Supreme Court of India has banned it.
It is to be recalled that the government has set cleanliness as its top priority and has already announced it through the Swaach Bharat Mission.
This has also helped in relation to the MNREGA scheme, instead of buying these goods from the market, they have been imported from the Umngot River free of charge.
He said that the IOA Chief (L) RK Sachetti, former Chairman of the GTCC Committee for Meghalaya, had visited Shillong in July 2020, but sadly passed away suddenly. u June 2021, and to date, the IOA has not received any information who will lead the IOA to meet with the MSOA and the state government to discuss the issues. related to the National Games.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) on Tuesday said that Mithun Chakraborty, Grand Master or Chief Judge of Dance India Dance, wants Michael Syiemiong to be appointed. Shillong, a young dancer from DID Season 5, has been rejected earlier.
Pynshngain Kurbah from Labyrwa started his career as a sailor with coach Ian Vincent and won a silver medal at the Khelo India Games
The resident has requested the High Court to order the NISO to issue a Pass Certificate regarding her completion of the D.El.
When asked whether this is due to the government's order to blow up the bombs, they said that the reason is due to the heavy rainfall. They said that there may be a beginning of understanding from some environmentalists that the pollution of the environment if a bomb is thrown.
Not only that, he also threatened the relatives of this young man who are now in fear and anxiety.
The signs that are happening in Israel today show that the time is near when the Jews will be able to build their third Temple.
BENGALURU: The rapid spread of the coronavirus in Bengaluru has made it difficult for patients to get accommodation and oxygen.
It is also worth mentioning that a poor woman, Shainaz Begum (20) years old, was shot dead by the enemy and stabbed with a knife. and died not hashen.
This disease of corruption has also become a contagious disease these days where the theft of the rights of the people by the people in power from the high level to the grass root level) is very high these days and it cannot be said that it is the excessive corruption that has caused many development works and various projects to disappear halfway and remain stagnant which has led to the destruction of the state. to be left behind in all respects.
Besides, the training and fitness facilities are not adequate and this has affected the sportsmen of the State who represent the State in competitions abroad.
Nongstoin, Nailar, 12: The FGEM Higher Secondary School Nongspung, which is one of the schools in the rural areas, has improved from time to time and to become the best school in Nongstoin on Friday. The students of the school who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations this year were honored so that they will have the spirit of competition in their studies and to rise to higher levels.
Since the past few months, the people have been complaining about the increase in the price of beverages, which has affected the paid kup knup and paid kup trap.
The race will be straight off the road.
The incident happened at one of the villages under Jirang C&RD Block and according to information received, the incident happened when no one was inside the house. , because the mother and the slave, who had two daughters, went to sleep at the mother's house.
The mining of mineral resources especially coal and Mawshun has been a long-standing occupation of the Hynniewtrep people and this has supported many families whether they are rich or poor. longing poor or rich as well.
The area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District is no longer small and they are also the two districts with the largest number of forest areas where the Urban Development Department and the District Administration are still able to to clear for the purpose of providing a place of refuge.
This is the second time that these idols have been covered and decorated.
“(This is a struggle and this handshake, it is planned with the AAP, it is the name to fight for independence for the second time,” he said.
The ambulance arrived at 3:40 pm, which means it took about 35 minutes after the shooting of Bah Cherish to arrive at the scene.
It was during these years, from 1830 to 1864, that the nation did not give up peacefully on the foreigners, and the nation through leaders like Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Kiang Nangbah, and so on, gave warnings. The Dohlieh government from time to time without being defeated until death.
Through this letter, the Syiem ordered Bah CA Diengdoh under Section 9 (1) (h) of the United Khasi Autonomous District Act 1959 to immediately resign from the post of Sordar. The Sanad was published on
Shillong: An elderly man, Bah Rajesh Khongphai (40), resident of Weikyian village, Nongjri district, has been seriously injured when he was stabbed by a dog.
The women were handed over to Gumaghat Police Outpost and an FIR has been lodged against them.
That is why the Word of God says – “Be wrathful, and yet do not sin” (Ephesians 4:26).
We remember that this was taken seriously by Bah EK Mawlong during his tenure as Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Prafulla Kumar Mahanta as Chief Minister of Assam.
Father Ferdinand Dkhar in his speech at the launch of the Bible, said that the ability to republish and release this Bible is a great joy for the faithful and Bible lovers.
“Although the village prohibits the dumping of garbage, it is difficult to find those who dump garbage because they come in the evening,” said the village secretary.
Every country of the world needs soldiers, there is no country that does not have soldiers.
In the same letter sent to the Director of the department, Dr JS Jyrwa, he was ordered to account for the money that has not been implemented in the meat processing plant which has been suspended for two and a half years.
Speaking to media on Friday, the President of the Seng Samla Hima Langrin, Bah PS Lyngdoh said that the struggle of the party is against the illegality of the two authorities.
However, Bah Paul said that this is not a personal reason but it is based on her actions, by participating in the meetings of the political party and her failure to attend 12 meetings without do the work you have done.
If the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers were clean, there would be many opportunities to earn money by building tourist attractions as in other parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
All the Ministers of the Meghalaya Government and senior officers from various departments of the Meghalaya Government attended the first Cabinet meeting in Jowai.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Bah Phasson Khongtani said that the road has been cut off since July 2022 during the heavy rainfall. The village has informed the officers and urged them to repair the road but until now they have not seen any signs and left it as it is which has caused the residents to suffer.
“It is a great challenge for humanity.
Earlier, the SLC had approved the projects sent by the GHADC for T.100.71 crore.
James said the party is confident that under the leadership of Conrad Sangma, it will achieve the goal of victory.
This OM states that it has been created with the intention of benefiting only the Garo people to count the jobs in the past years, without looking into the provisions of Clause 2 of the Reservation Policy. The Roster System which can exclude job seekers from the Khasi and Jaintia community according to the State Reservation Policy.
The High Court has already criticized the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for investigation into coal-related activities – from mining and transportation. illegally and to the existence of charcoal burning plants which operated without permission.
With these two goals in the first half, Lajong were able to try to score in the following minutes until the end of the first half.
Speeches were also delivered by Prestone Tynsong and the DGP.
In the Independence Cup, Wasa will play against Mookyndur, Catholic Youth will play against Mookyrdup and Mukhla Raij will play against Lutituber Ialong.
The following are the results and medals won by the teams from this three day tournament:.
On the other hand, members of the HYC on Tuesday protested by holding placards condemning the state government and also holding flags on the roads and also on the streets. The car started from Motphran.
Ex- Rev.K.LangrinThe month of December has arrived and everyone wants the 25th to come so that they can celebrate Christmas.
The People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops were traveling around 5 kilometers into India, parts of the Tunjun-La Pass. They will leave when the Indian troops start showing force, the report said.
At this meeting, information was given on the current working methods in terms of completion of the census, the backlog of this work and the ways forward to accelerate this work.
“To look into the issues of the land dealers, we need to work together with the Urban Affairs Department, Municipal Board, PWD (Roads) to relocate these land dealers. street vendor,".
Japan said the plan to reduce the production of these chips to other countries of the world has nothing to do with the United States.
Dr. Tariang said that the T.1.60 lakh has been allocated by the government for the treatment of various types of patients.
However, the presence of the Police Out Post at Athiabari has helped a lot in that Assam does not feel the need to move forward”.
It is on this basis that it has been decided that from now on they will not be allowed to sell or buy land without the knowledge of the Rangbah Shnong.
Garo National Council (GNC) MLA Clifford R Marak also supported the demand of James K Sangma as the session was too short to discuss and bring the delegates. many matters relating to the state.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong said that the repair of the damage caused by the heavy rains will cost more than T.300 crore. The Ministerial Team from Delhi has been sent to inspect the affected areas this month.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV) on Tuesday said that the decision to suspend the operation of commercial vehicles will continue from 3rd June to abolish the odd and even number rules, while the tax has not been waived, the price of fuel has not been increased and the fare of vehicles has not been increased.
On the other hand, they said that the Municipal authorities or the authorities in charge of this area should think with the students where they have to walk in the midst of anxiety.
Besides, the JHTOA has also recalled those who carry dewbilat and clinker and those who intend to deliver goods to various dewbilat factories in Narpuh District.
Shillong, March 10: As part of the celebration of the Day of the Blind, Shillong, today held a song and dance festival at Aurobindo Hall, Shillong.
“Most people vote emotionally, not intellectually.
Speaking at a seminar on 'The Future of Youth and Religion', Rangbah Sungoh said that the youth period of a person is between the age of 20 to 40 years. the time should not be well prepared.
The leaders of FKJGP Nongstoin Circle who have been confirmed are Pynshai Kharbani President, Anandstar Peiñlang Vice President, Kyntiewbor Syiem Secretary, Kyntiewbor Syiem Assistant Secretary, Brostar Jyrwa Chief Organizer and others.
The race started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and passed through Ladthadlaboh Road, Kiang Nangbah College. Hill and ended at the Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
The woman asked many times but the judge did not listen.
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Nahlin Kohli, had said that the Congress government would fail because of its overweight.
On the other hand, Bah Dundee C.Khongsit, said that the union is surprised to learn that the Hima Mylliem has stopped inspecting the cows in the market, because if there is such illegal collection of money, The smugglers should have complained to the law so that it can take the necessary action, but if it does so without informing those involved, it is an encouragement to the smugglers. who are accused of smuggling Bangladeshi cattle.
SHILLONG: As the elections for the Legislative Assembly of the State approach, many prominent leaders have come forward to announce and join various political parties.
A total of 556 new cases have been confirmed and nine people have died of the disease, bringing the death toll to 1118 on Tuesday.
Regarding the drinking water supply in Mawtwar through the JJM, the MLA said that the foundation stone will be laid soon for the distribution of water to all the households. Earlier, a speech was delivered by Dr. Aman War who said that they came to fulfill the long standing dream of the village.
Those involved in this work are the people themselves, as President Abraham Lincoln of the United States said "to the people, by the people and for the people"
On the other hand, I myself can get this disease from others because we cannot see or feel it. He is a hidden enemy.
“Let's pray,” he said. “How is that pork cooked with pathaw?” “Ka bang palat,” he praised. From day to month, the life of this peaceful family has changed.
The FKJGP will not hide and will not surrender to those threats through the words of the Minister of District Council Affairs, James PK Sangma, Government of Meghalaya. ) of the State not to allow any group to conduct Trading License within the State.
Upon seeing the incident, the residents of the area rushed to the scene and tied the foreigner until he stopped. U Samla Khasi at the time of writing of this news, it was not known yet but to verify the incident on Friday, it was found that many of the shops of foreigners in Shallang have closed. covered all the holes.
Former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that Bah Bring was a brave man, pure in spirit and rule of law.
Earlier this year, Sohtrun and Lakadong shynrai from the state were exported to the Middle East.
According to information received, during the curfew hours, the attendance of government employees has reached zero, as in all 11 districts, government offices have been closed except for the curfew. “The attendance of government employees has dropped significantly to less than 10%,” said Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Agriculture, Prestone Tynsong on Saturday inaugurated the Multi-Species Modern Abattoir at Mawiong, Shillong.
“For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief” (Romans 11:30).
The same group of five judges, headed by Dipak Mshra, Chief Justice of India, said on 7th October 2018, that it will not be possible to decide all the cases in the and your Aadhar number before 31st October
Speaking on the North Shillong constituency, one of the constituencies with the highest number of candidates for the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections, he said that in his view, more and more candidates have been elected to the Legislative Assembly. He doesn't say whether he is strong or weak, but he doesn't count sting and he will work hard. for strengthening themselves and the party.
Regarding the Medical College in Tura, Hek said the government has acquired 99 acres of land at Balagre A'King and Jewilgre.
This shows that the rich can win even if they are foolish, but the poor can lose even if they are wise.
“Many lessons have been learned by the players during this tournament, and even Veselin Matic who is the coach of the Indian basketball team has come together for the young players.
The Government of India will also contribute 24 per cent to the EPF for companies employing up to 100 employees, for those employees earning less than T.15,000 per month.
“This cleanliness drive is something we want to do every three months because our people and culture should make our villages and villages clean,” he said. Many villages and townships have done this without any support.
Shillong: Lawsohtun and Seven Brothers won their first match of the 4th Assam Rifles Invitational Football Tournament held at the Assam Rifles Stadium in Laitkor on Saturday.
Under the leadership of the arrested person, the ANTF raided the house of the traders in Demthring (who are a couple) and seized 10 boxes of soap. 140.02 grams of heroin and other items.
This year, the participation in the cleanliness drive was different in that even the legislators from Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, CEM JHADC Thombor Shiwat and other MDCs, DC West Garod LSN Dykes, Superintendent of Police Bah Lakador Syiem along with school children and market dwellers.
Many speakers included Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, Bah Balajied Ranee and other elders of the area.
During the meeting, the Governor also urged them to go to Delhi to talk.
They have publicly announced that they have issued mining licenses, but this too is no.
The tournament was held by selecting one team from each state in the East except Tripura and Manipur.
Dhoni has also received several awards, including the ICC ODI Player of the Year award in 2008 and 2009 (the first player to win the award twice), the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award in 2007, the Padma. Shri, which is the fourth highest public service award he received in 2009 and Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian award he received in
The name Thiepdiengngan is also derived from a hill with many trees.
Shillong, July 12: The Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) has apologized for the inability to complete the distribution of the Maitshaphrang Excellence Award due to the clashes with the ILP protest. The Publicity Secretary, Sambormi Lyngdoh, has strongly criticized the state government for saying that the law in the state applies only if foreigners are shot, killed or assaulted.
“Is it wrong to expel a person who enters immediately?
Chyrmang will contest against Sitting MDC Marki Mulieh from Jowai North.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Dorbar Shnong Pyllun of Madur Village, West Jaintia Hills District, on the 13th of this month, has renewed the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah Esterwis Ryng. new village of Madur for the year 2014-2
“The arrival of the new EC will clean up the garbage in the hostel,” said one of the officials in charge of the hostel.
We all get headaches and colds.
This was stated by Bah Adelbert Nongrum at a short meeting before handing over the food items and a donation of 20,000 tyngka to the Shillong Press Club, so that it can provide assistance to the journalists who They come from poor families and those who are suffering at this time when the Covid-19 pandemic has spread across the state and which has caused a lot of trouble.
“Well, mother, I've come,” he said, immediately throwing the cloth on the balcony.
Matthew 2:13.
Scientists say that if we knew better about the nature of nature and its relationship with mankind, many things could be done.
At the same time, the Seiñraij Jowai requests all the children of the Seiñraij Jowai to be knowledgeable and knowledgeable so that the completion of the Niam Behdieñkhlam within these 'soo-sngi le-ïaw' will be successful. “They have won and lost,” said Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary.
She said that the authorities should not just relocate to unknown places as this has created difficulties for them to serve the people because they don't understand the language like the Khasi sent to Garo Hills. .
Until the end of the first half, Meghalaya scored the first goal in the 47th minute through Markatjuh Shylla. victory in this match scheduled for 25 minutes.
He said that after the Election Committee has submitted the nominations, the Executive Committee will hold a meeting to decide who will be given tickets and who will not.
In the second quarter of the match, the team started in the same style of play, and continued to control the game with the ability to score the ball and turn the ball over. Neelam also had the opportunity to score the first goal and lead the team to score 5-0 goals during the break.
At present, the NPP needs four MPs in the Lok Sabha to be recognized as a national party and this is one of the reasons why the NPP will support the UDP from Shillong in this MP election. The NPP does not have MPs in Parliament and needs to fight to win MPs from the states in the Eastern Region so that it can make a strong presence in Parliament.
He has prepared himself for adequate training to develop his skills in all aspects.
Shillong: The Langtor Higher Secondary School, Shillong, has announced that it will now open the subject of Science at the school.
“You should have picked up the telephone to ask,” he said.
Police have arrived at the scene for further investigation.
Speaking on the occasion, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak said that the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma is committed to bringing about development among the residents.
He will miss the match against Bangladesh on the 25th.
For the electricity produced by Palatana in Tripura, the CERC has charged T.3.41p per unit.
In this age in which we live, the age of human knowledge is excessive and many scholars spend their time researching the face of God to find out where God dwells. ?So they searched through their technology or they went up into the sky or into the heavenly bodies they fell into the sea into the caves to spend their time. years of seeking God's dwelling place, but they did not find him.
Anthony Kongwang is one of the biggest supporters and singer of Prestone Tyngsong in the last elections, namely, in 2013 and 2018 to attract the people. The people of Pynursla Constituency have sent a letter to the people of Pynursla Constituency to campaign for the elections and to congratulate Bah Pretone Tynsong in the last elections.
The Western Bypass has been handed over to the company for survey.
Bah Kharpran also urged that after harvesting the tit from the forest, it should be cleaned thoroughly and soaked in salt water.
Nongpoh: Thousands of people and senior leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Sengkmie attended the funeral of Bah GH Kharshanlor. , They went to express their condolences for the funeral of Bah GH Kharshanlor, whom everyone said was a great leader and Rishot of the Khasi Khara people.
Religious leaders of the Raij Jowai led by the Dolloi, Pator together with the Soo Langdohs including Chyrmang, Jowai, Tuber and Ialong together with the Phra Kur Phra Kmai and the elders of the Raij left for Lum Mookhai. to hold a special thanksgiving ceremony for Syiem Pyrthat and Mon Ryngklaw on Friday.
DIDF aims to promote all dairy related activities in the country by giving priority to projects related to infrastructure development.
JNV Rymbai East Jaintia Hills District today held a special program on the three years anniversary of the National Education Policy released by the Government of India from
The purpose of this program is to improve and develop the planting and cultivation of snepkor to produce more soh and to increase the income of the farmers. It is expected that this will bring about a change in the way of cultivating snepkor.
They have suspected her husband of the incident and police have arrested him for investigation.
This would be something to worry about.
Speaking on the occasion, the MDC of Mylliem, urged the members to be united on some important issues. and affect the state.
“We urge the Education Department of the State Government to take action on this,” he said.
As a subject in M.Phil and Ph.D.
The Russian billionaire is currently building a new country and it will be in the sky.
Ampareen said that as the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, she cannot promise whether a decision will be taken to increase the salaries of ASHAs at the meeting with the Prime Minister on the 6th. moon.
Their numbers are almost equal to those of wild tits (no more tits buid or bam).
Speaking to reporters, John Wankhar said that after receiving the RTI for the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) from 2018 to it is not the MLA scheme that does not reach the villagers.
It’s easy to catch a cookie thief.
In the second leg, Lamyrsiang beat Mulait Utd 2-0 and the aggregate was 3-0
At present, parts of this road can still be seen here and there such as Marlong, Umkhowai, Wahlakhaw, Nongbri, Manai, Sohiong and Mawphlang.
If there were no Sengbhalang, there would be no one to remember such days.
A man should think of his age how old is he? What should I do? Will you please God or Satan? These are the questions of life.
Those who wish to receive these awards from East Khasi Hills District are requested to send their names to the office of the Deputy Commissioner by 15th July,
Replying to whether there is any mistake by the contractor or the designer, Dr Mukul said he cannot say until he receives the report from the investigation team. .
The leaders and members of the MPUF East Jaintia Hills, met and discussed with the Assistant Commissioner of Transport in Shillong and handed over a petition to the head of the department.
He thanked God and his family, teachers and Principal who have encouraged him from time to time.
Jowai, July 22: The Khasi Authors' Society, Shnat Jowai in collaboration with the Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai today celebrated the day of Thomas Jones or the father of the Khasi alphabet. Information seminar" on the topic "The Contribution of Thomas Jones to the Khasi People" at the same university.
All the NPP leaders including State President Prestone Tynsong, Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi, State Working President Marcuise Marak and other party leaders have attended the election campaign. in Adokgre at the beginning of the election campaign.
Grace Mary Kharpuri said she did not want to comment yet.
Shillong, November 21: Pohkseh SC has won the 2023 season of the 2nd Division Football League organized by the Shillong Sports Association as the winners in the final. on Sunday at the SSA Stadium.
In addition, the fire spread to the rear of the Dispensary where the damage was severe.
Teibor Pathaw won the MDC election from Mawlai Constituency in 2019 as an independent candidate but shortly after winning the MDC election he joined the UDP. He was also appointed as Executive Member (EM) of the Executive Committee led by the UDP in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Three persons were identified as Kyndaiborlang Kurbah of Kseh Mawnai, Banpeitlang Marbaniang of Nongshken Mawdang and Welbokstar Sohlang of Kseh Mawnai.
After this, the Lamphang proposed to the House whether to accept or not to discuss the Privilege Motion.
In the men's category, Rahjingshai SSCC played against Donggate SSCC. In the women's category, Little Star Football Academy played against Mairang Vidyajoti Inclusive Sec. School.
The department said that in other states of India, the evacuation of patients has been done by 102 projects which does not exist in this state, so there is no such service in this state to transport patients. The patient was taken to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
On the other hand, he directed the Chief Engineer of PHE to talk to the contractors to start the work and at the same time to prepare the new price which is the current one. .
Shillong: U Bah MN Syiem, in 2015, filed a petition in the High Court of Meghalaya, seeking to repeal Article 244(2) of the Constitution and to make illegal the three District Council of the State.
After laying the foundation stone, the Chief Justice and Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya launched the Multi Utility Van of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
She said that she has already lodged a complaint with the Vigilance Committee of the village, but the committee has not been convened.
Shillong, Nailar 19: A fire broke out in Mawklot, Upper Shillong today.
On the 20th of this month, the union has summoned both the Umphniang smuggler, B.Rymbai and the guard, D.Nongtdu to discuss and resolve the issue. Vodafone is no longer available in Narpuh.
Shillong, March 22: The Mawlong Lime Stone Quarry Owners and Suppliers Association (MLSQOA), which has not yet registered with the government, has issued an order to stop all mining of Mawshun by machines. on the 10th of November.
Speaking on the excessive tax on medicines, Jhanika Siangshai said, “I don't agree that since the 1st of June, the price of medicines has been increased. The government doesn't have any more feelings and takes taxes from everyone.
He said the BJP has increased its votes and MLAs in Telangana and Mizoram as well as in the MLA elections held in five states.
In the midst of these basic needs of trees, it is sad to see the widespread destruction of trees and forests by the enemy in these dry seasons by people who have no responsibility for the future. you are a son of man.
The incident happened at 1 pm, when the bike driven by the foreigner overturned at the scene of the incident. that he might be wounded in the head.
When you visit the villages farther away from Shillong, one of the most obvious things is the lack of schools especially for Class 11 and
Of the 1,300 foreigners who joined ISIS this month, they are under the age of 15 to 20 and have never been involved in terrorist activities before, Abdurrahman said. Saleh, who is the spokesman for the militant group.
He said that the main objective of the new district is to bring the rule of law closer to the people.
The doctor, identified as Muhammad Masood, 31, was on his way from Rochester to Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport (MSP) to stay. by plane from the airport to Los Angeles, California.
Dewbilat, shyiap and maria were used and all the expenses were contributed by the residents of the village.
The EPH could not start on time due to a power struggle between members of the political parties and the people who expressed their support or opposition to the project.
Patra also referred to a letter from the Gymnastics Federation of India (GFI) which raised questions about the suspension of one of the gymnasts Dipa Karmakar from the Asian Games team.
Khasi Literature was born in 1841 after the Khasi Alphabet was written in Roman characters. by Rev. Thomas Jones I as written by Babu Hamlet Bareh Ngapkynta in his book entitled “A Short Story of Khasi Literature”.
Dunsill Chyrmang scored for Samaro in the 24th and 65th minutes.
In 1981, another question arose, what should be done when the number of vacant Government posts is less than 9 (nine)? In this regard, the Government has decided that when there are less than 9 vacancies, they should be allocated only for the ethnic groups mentioned in the decision and Office Memorandum of the Government.
It is also a fact that private vehicles don't have any reason and don't have time to pass through these two places so they don't cause too much traffic.
Speaking on the occasion, Pynshngain said that in fact, the resignation letters of the three EMs, including Process T Sawkmie, Lamphrang Blah and Jansing Tynsong, were accepted by him. and has already informed the Governor of the State.
He said that in the election to the KHADC, the Congress won 10 MDCs and could not form the Executive Committee because it did not get the support of other members. of the Council.
We cannot sell, trade and destroy it and it is a great sin to do so.
On Saturday, Bah S.Myrthong, an elderly man from a village in Rambrai area, expressed his regret that the drug has started to enter the village. area, which has put the parents in a state of shock, for fear that their children will fall into the hands of the robbers.
Shillong, March 10: The family members of Lyngdohsad Dominic Jala, Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, who passed away on Monday, March 10, at the Church of Mary Help of Christians, Shillong.
Explaining about Ummat (II), the elders of Ummat (II), said that Ummat (II), can also be said to be the oldest village within the Raid Nongtung. This is also the original village of the Raid, which in the past was part of Meghalaya, but due to the stinginess of the state government towards the border villages, which was one of the reasons why the raid was completed. the people to face this great problem.
They also traveled to Dhaka and Calcutta.
He said that as Bah Peter Marbaniang and PA Sangma worked together, now their children, including him and Kong Ampareen, are working together to serve the state as led by their fathers. their.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The opposition Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) has accused the Congress-led MUA-2 government of being a powerless government.
Wansa and Laloo scored the first goal for Dulong in the 88th minute.
“The Election Commission should reward the VPP for this,” said VPP President Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, MP candidate and General Secretary of the party. He said that one of the struggles of the VPP if he is elected to the Lok Sabha is to ensure the rights of the youth of the state who should get jobs in the central government offices in the state.
There is a brother of Bah Let who has made it clear to his family that he will kill you in any way.
Under this scheme, the PHE has awarded the works to the contractors in 2012-13 according to the SoR price of 2007-8 for 7 sites in the city and suburbs.
“Compared to other states in the country, Meghalaya has done very well in the implementation of this scheme.
Fedrick Kharmawphlang, Vice President of the KSU, said that the decision of KSU Vice President Fedrick Kharmawphlang to join the armed forces will attract more youths if the government does not renew the armed forces. its procedure within times and they the appropriate.
The number of people who have been vaccinated for the first time is 31,512 and 877 have been vaccinated for the second time.
According to a source, at 3.30 pm, the police received a tip from the parents of the student that on the 23rd of July, 2023 at At 12.30 pm, two foreigners entered Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School to ask permission from the Principal to take the child home. that you are in the midst of suffering.
“The Congress party has done too badly and there is an issue for us to think about, for which I take responsibility,” Rahul said.
This group is also known as the “Moses Group” and in the struggle for freedom not only Moses alone, but young people, women, elderly and elderly people participated, thought, prepare and work together.
He said that besides the shooting death of five Rangbah Mukroh villagers, they will leave for Delhi tomorrow to discuss these issues with Home Minister Amit Shah. He will also discuss these issues with the Chief Minister of Assam in Delhi.
There was no interference until the end of the 90th minute which led to the two teams going into extra time.
In a statement, Bernard said that Aadhar is a special number like mobile number, EPIC and others to identify the citizens.
If the government really wants to solve the problems of the youth, it should work without discrimination against anyone but to save all the youth.
This day is also known as the day of surrender of body and soul for Allah.
Other parts of the event included the presentation of tableaux from Government departments showing the richness of West Khasi Hills District.
The statement said that the threat to the truck drivers and coal owners has been terrible and it is alleged that the department has been doing this as if it is doing something wrong and has some ulterior motive.
Referring to the last elections, the party leader also acknowledged that the emergence of the VPP was the reason for the defeat and victory of some candidates.
Isaiah 11:6–9.
The name of Bhalang Bhalang leader, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin has come forward as the candidate for the RDA. he shall fall from the shap of the bomb.
“We will go to the archery range and if Hynniewtrep archery is just a sham, the shooting range will be destroyed”.
“Bah Kharlyngdoh's behavior was not good in the presence of various leaders of the party from Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the Additional DC, while speaking, congratulated and promised to support if necessary.
He started his career as a politician after completing his MA from Guwahati University.
Before the government prepared its blue print, the government had rejected the demands of the HPC to allocate 200 square meters of land to 342 households and to build houses for them on the land. within the European Ward.
The employee of the SP's office, Silchar is still planning to appear before the Guwahati High Court along with government documents.
After this, the school authorities banned the children from eating the food distributed to them.
Banteidor's visit to New Delhi came just 10 days after he promised in front of farmers and village leaders at a public hearing that the use of fertilizers will be allowed in New Delhi. the State which was born in Mawkatheiñ.
Speaking of these, the need mentioned refers to the need 'To revive the Khana Pateng of the Jaidbynriew' to write down the Khana Pateng and events that happened in the Jaidbynriew in which it should also be included. These are the things in the education in schools or colleges so that the children of the people of the Jaidbynriew will know the new, understand the Jaidbynriew and have the first love for their own.
It is only when the leaders of the Regional Committees have visited the meeting that the voice of the people will be understood.
The Jews looked forward to the appearance of the Messiah who would establish another kingdom to replace the corrupt and violent Roman Empire.
Sangma said a meeting of the relevant department would do this to formulate rules in accordance with the Mining Policy of the state.
As observed from the previous report, the unprecedented rainfall this season along with the cold weather has affected the country in the past few months, which has witnessed that standing wheat, dai and other crops, especially in the Sironj area of ​​Vidisha district have been completely destroyed.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Bah Aspicious Lyngdoh, Bah Victor Ranee, Bah Albinus Lyngdoh and others. They also urged the people who came to this day to give their full support to Bah Jayson Mawlong, who will be the candidate of the PDF. They said that in order to explain better to the people the principles of the party, they will go to manla villages and villages to explain to the people and also to reach the goal in this upcoming election. long ago.
Congress MLA Saleng Sangma on July 27 expressed his concern over the increase in the price of essential commodities and suggested to the government to you should not intervene on this.
“As a sign of protest against the stinginess and deception of the village leaders and the people of the area, the Union has taken a strong decision to force the government to implement our demand and on the 19th we will hold a sit-in. inside the grounds of Mawryngkneng PHC by the Sordars of six Dorbar Shnongs,” said Bah Lawai.
There are about 35 villages in the Raid Nongtung including 22 villages which are still in dispute with Assam and Meghalaya which is known as Block-II. fight and work with the village leaders of these 22 villages to bring them back to Meghalaya.
Pala was referring to the recent statement by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma who said that if the people still want Prime Minister Narendra Modi to come back to power, they should vote for him. Pala said the CM's statement has clearly shown the relationship between the BJP and the NPP. “In the last elections, they said that there is no relationship between the NPP. and the BJP, but now their relationship has been made public.
Satan was the angel Lucifer of God in heaven but he had a secret deceitful plan and pride that he was willing to fight against God in heaven.
Isn't it time to think more deeply about these issues that affect our future? Stop for a moment and think about this change.
After the ceremony, the church leaders continued to discuss the influence and power of social media.
The tournament which lasted for three days was attended by teams from all over the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills including Dkhiah from East Jaintia Hills District, Nongstoin from West Khasi Hills District, Nongpoh from West Jaintia Hills District. Ri Bhoi District, Mawsynram in East Khasi Hills District, Jowai in West Jaintia Hills District and Mawkyrwat in South West Khasi Hills District.
In the incident, although the factory was badly damaged, fortunately there were no casualties or injuries.
Speaking to reporters at his office as Deputy Chairman, he said that the incumbent CEM (Bah Pyniaid Syiem) has promised to visit the border villages especially in his constituency before the the term of office will expire.
Shillong: The Shillong Premier League 2023 will be held in the final of the Shillong Premier League 2023 at the Mawlai Sports Club. The match against Rangdajied United FC will be played on the 11th June 2024 at the SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo, at 3 pm.
Research has revealed that there were rooms used for meetings, where there were crosses and the word Kyrie Iesou, which is a Greek word, means Jesus.
There are more than 1,000 vacancies in the police department and the price of one application is T.
The Act cannot be implemented if the Government does not have the political will and the people do not cooperate and assist the Government authorities.
When asked about the venue for the hockey tournament, government officials said that the tournament will be held in Tura along with other sports but most of them will be held in Shillong.
Pomen 15.
“If the implementation of the ILP in the state is in the hands of the state government, it has already been implemented in the past, but this is with the permission of the Indian government. The State Government can only monitor and force the Central Government to implement the ILP in the State.
The public should think first of these.
Nagaland's last batsman, Dip Borah, threw the ball high into the boundary line, but Santhosh caught the ball. trait to remove the last batter of the group.
The Congress won 12 out of 29 MDC seats, the NPP 11 seats, the BJP two, the GNC one and three independents.
The Minister also found that there are many shortcomings in the hospital from the cleanliness of the toilets and other facilities.
Do you want to come up alone with so many issues that I have been going through in the past in many ways?
“I would like to remind the BJP and you all of what it said during the election campaign in the State and what came out of the result.
However, Amit Shah has changed the Congress' protest by saying that it is their protest against the construction of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya, because it was on this day 10 years ago that the Prime Minister. Duh, Narendra Modi laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Ram Temple at the site to bring an end to the conflict which has lasted for more than 500 years.
Shillong: The bodies of three coal miners who have been trapped in the Ule crematorium at Umpleng village in East Jaintia Hills District since 30th June 2021, have been recovered. On 25th July 2021, the Indian Navy recovered a third body of one of these workers with the assistance of the National Disaster Response Team. The body of the worker was taken to the morgue at the Civil Hospital Khliehriat.
Regarding this ban, the union has urged the union to extend the curfew as the farmers will face many problems especially those who come to sell perishable vegetables.
The word "epiphany" comes from the Greek word "epiphaneia" which means revelation.
On the other hand, the JAC leaders of ARBPV led by Bah Bines Makri as Chairman and Bah Vincent Sohkhwai as General Secretary, also handed over a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Updhyaya. take the initiative to help release the money they deserve earlier as they have already served.
Thus, this movement is known as the Hindutva MOVEMENT. The word Hindutva is divided into two parts.
As a sign of happiness, they slaughter cows and pigs to eat with their families or with their neighbors for the passing of their children.
(ii) The sohpet should be removed after half an hour when it is about 3 cm from the body and applied with Tincture Iodine.
Mawryngkneng MDC Pynïaid Sing Syiem today said that after the collapse of the Executive Committee led by Titosstarwell Chyne, the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF) will consist of 12 MDCs. The National People's Party (NPP) and six Congress MDCs will lead the new EC under the chairmanship of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
According to a source, the woman was killed by unidentified robbers, and the woman was identified as Bliantina. Lyngkhoi, 40, is from the same village.
In the second match between Cricket Lovers CC and Pomshutia CC, Cricket Lovers CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 155 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
The JSU said that the lack of electricity in Amdoh and other neighboring villages has led to the suspected Bangladeshi stone and shyiap quarrymen to take advantage and commit these illegal activities.
This church started small but has grown as the days have passed until it has reached this milestone of fifty years.
The village has about 200 voters.
The MDA will also have to prepare for the protests that may arise from outstanding issues such as the ILP, the Reservation Policy, the inclusion of the Khasi and Haro languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The Silver Jubilee Souvenir of the Shadap Manar Kur was launched by the Advisor of the Shadap Manar Kur, Ma Borin Shadap.
Malachi 2:17.
In an order issued by the High Court today, it was said that the video shows the illegal mining of coal.
The make-up artists included Phida Rynjah and Dewika Pasi and the designer was Maryla Rynjah.
It was recalled that the Auditorium has been built since 1987 but till now no maintenance has been done. The Minister promised to take action by submitting the DPR for submission. to the Central Government so that it can do what is necessary.
Because the talks will bring more and more,” he said.
This award will also be awarded to those who have disabilities, those who have passed well in any Division.
The Passover refers to the death of the Lord Jesus on the cross on the evening of the fourteenth day of the first month of April in Israel on Tuesday 32AD. The Feast of Firstfruits Leviticus 23:10-1
Immediately after the resurrection, the living and the dead are caught up “to meet the Lord in the air” (1 Thessalonians 4:17).
Meanwhile, on the other hand, the man said that his action was because the authorities of the consulate did not help him with what he requested and asked them.
God gave him the opportunity to move his workplace and residence to Mawiong Rim and there he expanded the Press and I remember that it was Bah Marwein, who bought He was the first web offset machine in Shillong (except the Shillong Times) and the first to print a newspaper in colour.
Speaking to reporters, Bah KB Syiemlieh, Secretary of the river, said that the river has been patrolling the river since November every year, especially in June. Throughout the river and its branches, there are dozens of rawon every day, not only men but also dozens of women.
“Seven persons have been arrested by the police and detained overnight at Nongalbibra police station,” the statement said.
What is very pleasant and interesting is that 90 out of 100 households have their own land to build houses and farm on their own land.
Junior between the ages of 14 to 16 years (born between 01-01-2007 to 31-12-2009) and Senior 17 years (born between 01-01-2006 and earlier).
Shillong, Iaiong 15: For 40 years now, the residents of Mawkynrew area have been facing problems due to the lack of roads which is a source of income for them.
From that day on, Panah was not happy, nor was Rida.
This silence of his will further distance the peoples of the North East.
On the other hand, Bah Gideon Kharkongor said, “You are the future of Meghalaya cricketers.
(Computer Science or IT)/ BCA/B.Sc in Physics/ Maths/ Statistics/ Operations Research/ Computer Science with either Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science or Computer Applications (from a Govt.
blessed are you among women and blessed is the fruit of your womb Jesus.
The hills are broken up with gorges and smiling valleys and the scenery is not that unlike that found in England.
The suspension of jobs, the overwork of employees, the corruption in the working methods, the corruption and the blaming of each other is very high.
“They hold elections in just one day in two states, but in West Bengal, up to five times.
The most important decision at this meeting was also on the selection of players from these states who have played well in the past season, with the aim of developing them and also to open the door for They will be able to play against the best players of the country.
However, not everyone can reach the levels of knowledge and understanding that we consider great or high.
The Forest Department of Meghalaya does not want to share in the rnga smuggling mafia, because their duty is only to sit in office and discuss how to build tree planting projects every year, so that the government can spend money. special for the purchase of tree seedlings and conducting tree planting program every 5th July, but till now no one has found where those tree seedlings are despite the government spending tens of lakhs of rupees. .
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, today slammed the MDA government for not being able to improve the livelihood of the residents of Iew Mawlong.
The punishment of those police officers, policemen who misuse their power against the people, as well as those who throw blood in public places and those people who are affected, injured by the government is to pay the bail.
Rev Fr Josph Celia in the presence of the leaders and members of the party.
He said this after being expelled from the Congress party in
Lajong lost 2-3 to Neroca and this is the ninth time that Lajong have lost out of 11 games in the league.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bhahlang Lamurong, Elder of Rymbai Village in the presence of Satly Ryngkhlem Vice President of KSU EJHDU and others.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Member of the NITI Ayog Dr. VK Paul said that the objectives of the NITI Ayog are twofold, 1) to promote cooperative federalism and 2) to promote competitive federalism. federalism.
The union strongly condemns that the state government has only promised in the media that the education department is very serious about education in the state but if you investigate the truth it is not enough. as they have spent billions of rupees on education.
The 'why' we don't have time to look for, because we don't have time? In front of the hands of one of them, all the lympung.
The Union of Village Authorities of Warsanlyngdoh invites all the residents of Warsanlyngdoh to attend the meeting.
The MGPSTA Teachers Union would like to extend its special thanks to the MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma as the Prime Minister and Bah L.Rymbui Minister of Education for implementing this demand. yours.
Mawkyrwat, July 01: It is a source of encouragement even in the midst of despair because of the many problems that a family has faced in the past years where poverty has overtaken them and they don't have something to eat, drink and most of all to make another new home.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 3,343 and the total number of deaths has risen to
Dr. Susildaris Longtrai, Pediatrician, DEIC and State RBSK Consultant, NHM, Meghalaya, Bah Johnson J. Nongbet explained the details.
A sanitary landfill is a place to dispose of waste that has been rejected.
(Ye therefore shall see the ABOMINATION OF DESOLATION, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the Holy Place).
Spent effort and money to pass
1st Members of the MC.
In his famous Sermon on the Mount, Jesus made it clear that the Kingdom of God must include first of all the poor, the weak, the needy, and the oppressed.
In 2018, the MBOSE has announced that there will be no right answers or Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) with 1 mark per question. Short Answer (SA) worth 2 marks per question.
This honor has made them hardworking in their work and faithful until the end of their service.
JOWAI : DJ Daffy and the Colors will perform at the fete of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai on the 27th-28th December 2019 at Iaw Iongpiah Stadium, Jowai.
The Chief Minister said that 738 people have been tested and 667 are negative and 60 more will have their results soon.
In East Khasi Hills, 65 cases including 14 from Armed Forces and 51 civilians, in South Garo Hills, 8 cases, in West Garo Hills, 7 cases, in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases. There are 4 cases in Bhoi District and 3 cases in South West Garo Hills.
If the price of agricultural products increases, the government is ready to take action as soon as possible.
Conrad Sangma recently met Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman to seek financial assistance in connection with the natural disasters in Meghalaya.
But for your news and articles to be mre genuine please check the spellings and put capital letter where necessary especially the proper nouns.
Daniel demanded that the district authorities should issue a law that would be sustainable without affecting the lives of thousands of people.
Shah said the Indian government is preparing itself for the issue and wants it to be resolved before the country's 75th anniversary, which will be two years from now. .
It is this Modi government that wants to bring schemes to all the rural areas of India.
Even the bottles have been advised to be taken care of and not to be thrown away.
In fact, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs from the city and townships refused to take part in the launch of the Bill because they said that the government has treated them with contempt and has not given them a copy. though they wrote to it too.
The railway line will also pass through Silchar, Badarpur in Assam.
As the saying goes, “As we sow, so shall we reap.
One thing I remember well, is that Bah Ganold, as a leader, used to spend days to meet with the elders and I saw for myself that he often came to our village in Umniuh. When Bah Ganold arrives, there will be many dignitaries waiting and the story will be long on the subjects of the state, the constituency, India and the world.
In this regard, it has banned the import and sale of dokha for 15 days in the state and stipulated that those who violate it will face up to seven years in jail and a fine of T.10 lakh.
He said the government has increased investment for the development of tourism, industry, food production and others.
In a statement, the BJP through the State President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Susuki Pariat, said that this terrible attack has created a challenge to maintain peace and this shows the violation of rights. to live in accordance with the Constitution of India.
The victim was arrested in a taxi number ML04A 0931 belonging to Donboklang Wann of Shangpung.
He said he does not know why the CM has delayed the salary, as the project has been implemented since October for the allocation of funds, but until now, this allocation has not been received. Not only in Meghalaya, but also in other states, this share has not been released yet.
He said that besides the College, the Civil Sub-Division is another demand in Pynursla which Prestone has never given up on him.
Furthermore, the Seng said that it is a fact that the indigenous people in Garo Hills and other ethnic groups in Garo Hills are still lacking in education and lagging behind in the availability of adequate educational institutions. There is not even a single Engineering College.
Shillong, July 30: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Thursday said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in its current form has been introduced. is against the foundation of India which includes all ethnic groups and religions.
Surong said that this is the third time that the club has done this eye treatment because for the first time the club has done this eye treatment at Khimmusiang. in Johannesburg.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, yesterday issued a letter saying that the meeting will go smoothly and it is on this issue that they will hold an emergency meeting to discuss the issue. take a decision to oppose the plan.
The incident happened in April this year and in the incident, he dropped a precious stone weighing 2.1 kilos.
In his letter, Bah Shylla reminded that the discussion will be on three issues: The preservation of our customs and traditions especially on the powers of the Rangbah Shnong and Dorbar Shnong; The maintenance of the census; The stand on Article 244 (2) to strengthen the Autonomous District Councils and not to turn to Articles 371 A and G as Nagas and Mizos; To prevent MUDA from entering the Sixth Schedule Areas/Tribal Areas of Meghalaya and to repeal the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act,
His countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as snow:
Similarly, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Ram Singh in his speech said that there has been a discrepancy in the use and production of fish in the state.
The day of reconciliation.
The reason why the vehicles have stopped while passing through this road, is because the road from Umrit to Umdu, is still in the process of being improved. The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District, has issued a warning ban ban the passage of heavy vehicles through this road, as it disrupts not only the traffic of the people, but also the people who tree inside this road.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU, RBYF, HNYF and FKJGP in Ri Bhoi District have threatened to take strong action or even to set up a check gate for foreigners and also to appoint people themselves. The Government has been slow to build an Entry Point at Umling.
On Thursday evening, aid workers in Uman rushed to the areas affected by the Russian attack, where the city authorities They said that Russia's action this time has claimed the lives of 23 people, including the souls of children.
Although the public has been urged to beware of fraudsters and not to provide information related to bank accounts or ATMs, many people are still being caught and deceived by people who claim to be bank employees.
On the first day of his visit, the AICC leader met with Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee leaders, leaders and office bearers.
In a letter in 2008, the Syiem of Mylliem Dorbar said that this land has been used for them for a long time by other former Syiems of the Hima Mylliem until today.
He said that he has nothing against the people of South Tura who elected him in
“School children are not receiving adequate education as there are 1,094 vacancies in the Education Department alone where 36 Lower Primary Schools are running without a single teacher.
He said that soon he will take over as DC of WKH and he said that he is only a public servant and it is always the public servant who must obey the law. not issued by the Government in writing without translation.
“Although the authorities have not been able to disclose the time of the players, according to the record, the player has finished in 22 minutes.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : In the first such step, the ECI today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with two groups, the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) and the ECI. The Department of Posts (DoP) to improve voter information and training measures ahead of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections this year.
Those who have resigned as members and office bearers of HANM are Bah Twalding Thongni, President of Riwar Circle, Bah M. Thongni, Working President, Francis Jyrwa, Vice President, Wanboklang Shangdiar, General Secretary, Amstrong Shylla, Assistant Secretary, Kamborlin Iawphniaw, Publicity Secretary, Firstborn Shylla, Assistant Publicity Secretary, K. Myrthong, Finance Secretary, Lostar Shangdiar, Sports Secretary, P. Lyngkhoi, Education Secretary, Nesman Syiemlieh, Assistant Education Secretary, R. Shylla and D. Lyngkhoi, Advisors, OM Shylla, Chief Organizer, Phailo Syiemlieh, Khrawbor Syiemlieh and Ricky Syiemlieh, members. He is the President of HANM.
Mone Marak, in charge of ammunition, was shooting from a 5.56 INSAS rifle along with Jimberth M Marak (one of the ammunition inspectors) at 2 pm.
“The 25-year growth rate shows a sense of security.
It may be recalled that the Police Department has recently issued an advertisement for 2500 vacancies such as SI (UB and AB), Constables ( UB, MPRO), AB and BNCs, Drivers, Followers and others.
The Shillong Press Club, expresses its deep sorrow to learn that Bah Lambok Thabah, Editor of U Nongsaiñ Hima, passed away on the morning of 22nd November
After 13 years, Naatu Naatu has brought back fame and glory to the country by winning the Best Original Song and in the past years one of the songs sung and composed by AH Rahman has also brought glory to the country. This country won an Oscar for the film Slum Dog Millionaire.
That is why the Word of God says, "He is holy and peaceable.
On the other hand, KSU Sawsymper Circle President Belingstar Lyngkhoi and General Secretary Bah Macdonald Marbaniang have congratulated Batskhemlang Mawlong on his success in his sports career.
“The vaccination, something that helps and only that can protect us from this disease, that too from the health department, we urge people to take the vaccine. ".
According to the announcement by the State Government to allow the opening of places of worship in the state, this has brought great joy to the faithful in the state whether they are Christians or non-Christians. Traditional Khasi religion, Hindu, Muslim and other religious groups as well.
Robertjune said that since Hamletson Dohling was removed from the Urban Department, the Committee has disappeared and no one knows whether the Committee is still working or not. Why has it taken so long even after three years to submit its report? In fact, this is no longer a matter of many problems on the part of the Syiem and the District. The Council has already agreed to reach an agreement with the government.
Wrong in the eyes of man and in the eyes of the devil is enough, but if you can do good, how long will that goodness protect the nation?
In talks with the Managing Director of Taj Group, Puneet Chatwal, they have fixed the date for the opening on 14th March this year.
At the time of writing, it was learned that there are other villages which have been severely affected by the storm and cold such as Nongrim Jirang and others. village affected by storm and hail.
“Where shall I go to break the beer?” said Hiram. “Use it properly at a time when it should be a pleasure for many.
“We are subjected to daily violence, murder, extortion, kidnapping and other crimes,” James said.
We have witnessed the loss of forests in the state for various reasons.
However, it is surprising that these Councils have not held any meetings in the past five years since the formation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-1 government.
The 1st Jerlie E Tariang Memorial Knock-Out Football Tournament was organized and sponsored by the Sainborlang Banjop Welfare Association.
The award was delivered to the village through the post office.
The immoral dance of that woman is excessive, it has humiliated and disgraced us as a nation and society in the state we cannot accept it at all, especially the woman is the owner, the caretaker. the guardian of the household, the glory of the glory, the collector of the household, God is the household, the light that we say.
Conrad said the environment of Meghalaya is very easy to destroy and the livelihood of lakhs of residents of the state depends on the environment.
At the time of writing, police are conducting a thorough investigation to determine whether the suspect involved in the auto rickshaw bomb blast in Mangaluru has anything to do with the suspect. "The incident occurred on 19th November last year in which he was also killed in an incident in Coimbatore," he said.
In this regard, when the reporter received information from some of the people who used to travel from one place to another, they expressed their happiness to see the hills, rivers, trees. especially when they arrive in South West Khasi Hills District, as there are still many tourist attractions that have been opened and also to breathe fresh air. also the places of worship which are given and set apart by God.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday inaugurated a sohphan factory at Gulpani Nokat in Rongara, South Garo Hills in the presence of the Minister of Education and MLA. Rakkam A Sangma, Baghmara MLA and MGCC Chairman Kartush Marak among others.
When asked, Prestone said that there are 342 households living in the area and all of them are employees of government departments.
Raplangki Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Khliehriat West YWSC in the 82nd minute.
Therefore, the wearing of masks during speech should be avoided as much as possible.
In this regard, Bah GD Kharwanlang, SP of Ri Bhoi District, said that these trucks were seized by the Nongpoh Police Station. He said that these coal trucks were seized while they were traveling on the NH-40 in Nongpoh area. The Nongpoh Police Station has registered a case against the drivers, vehicle owners and coal owners, said Bah GD Kharwanlang.
There will be places where all the opposition parties will have to nominate candidates so that the vote will be bitter and will not bring peace to the BJP to win.
He said that he has been informed that even the sohñiamtra produced in the Khasi Hills is sold well to other countries which is a great pride for the farmers of this state.
Leaders of the JAC Khun Thong of Sohiong Hima, on 8th June 2024, met with the Symbud CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, to follow up on the demand regarding the Hima Sohiong.
Shillong, Nailar 22: A complaint has been lodged in the past few days against the robbery of public places by the army, but that is not all, the information sought by Rupang, under the Information Act. The Khasi are not allowed to become road guards in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Cantonment Board.
The tariff order in force from the date of publication in the Official Gazette from 7th June, 2022 can be obtained through.
FSOMA and The Revolution MMA wish Kisan Bareh the best of luck in his sporting career.
However, there are other officers who take responsibility for the work, do not leave the signatures of those who have been transferred to remain in the files, but monitor closely so that the work goes smoothly and that and the multitude heard it.
These are during the lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but despite this, the part-time school dropout rate of children has increased.
The FKJGP Paham Syiem Unit has organized this tournament as part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Unit, which was established in
The sources said that for some time now, the residents of Sohra area have said that they are still waiting for the SDO to comply with the order issued by the district authorities. There is also a threat that if the registration of voters continues, they will protest.
If we don't issue the Trading License, many foreigners will come in the name of Khasi and say that the job belongs to the Khasi and they will say that they are only contractors.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: As part of the efforts to encourage and raise awareness among the people of Laskein C&RD Block, the Presbyterian Youth Assembly Mukhap and the Jaintia Students' Union Mukhap Unit have held a public hearing meeting together. The Blood Bank in collaboration with the Jowai Civil Hospital and MACS on the 30th of July at Iaw Muksow (Mowkaiaw).
On Saturday, 88,973 cases were reported, the highest number of cases ahead of Friday.
Nagaland has decided to increase the price of petrol and diesel by T.2.50 per litre, starting today.
The union's statement came after it was seen in the media regarding the submission of a report by the inquiry commission headed by Justice (retd) T Vaiphei, in which The HNLC has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday regarding the shooting death of former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. The incident which happened on the morning of 13th July 2021 is still in darkness not only for the party but for the residents of the village. the whole state.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Brap Nongbri who was the EC Member of Khrang.
As the elderly it is necessary to remind again that it is time to look to the goal of perfection and preparation to return to our Creator (God).
Until now, no circular has been sent to various departments,” said Bah Rani.
He completed his Law studies in 1952 from Kolkata.
On the allegation that illegal mining and smuggling of coal continues, the Minister said that coal mining has been the livelihood of the people for decades and has had an impact after the ban. NGT and it is not easy for the people who rely on this industry to survive.
Speaking to Mawphor, the General Secretary of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah KS Suchiang, said that in this request to all those who stop driving, it was found that many of the drivers are not driving. There are only 10 pawa who have joined the union who don't drive at night anymore. This shows that the drivers are happy and happy to drive even though the He said that in fact the union wants all the people to be comfortable in traveling by walking on the road which is good and the union listens to the complaints. The union has also taken action by holding protests, but why don't the people especially the drivers take part in the protests? The union leader said that the request of the union not to drive at night has ended yesterday and the For the past 10 months, from the 25th of November during the protest in Khliehriat to the 2nd of March, no incident has occurred. The only thing that concerns the union is the lack of proper participation of the drivers to stop driving at night.
“We are looking into the proposal to introduce a railway line in the state in East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat and this will also depend on the consultation with the residents and stakeholders,” he said.
The union strongly requests the BSF, Police and Village Authorities to patrol.
On the other hand, the SP (City) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, has urged the public to be vigilant when they are in any place as drug traffickers are usually present in these places. people don't think.
" called the father of Wanbok (Shanbor). The Rangbah Shnong went into the house.
Amidst the ongoing insurgent attacks in parts of the country, the Pakistani army has struggled to increase the number of insurgents in many of its positions along the Line of Control (LoC). ) and India.
The SDO office has awarded special honors to Ilapynsuklin Khongsti, a student of Kyntiew Shaphrang Higher Secondary School, Laitlyngkot.
Meghalaya, who tied first in the plate group, scored 189 runs for the loss of all wickets in 72.3 overs.
Expressing his pride in the victory of the Meghalaya Football Team at the Khelo India Youth Games 2023 by winning the gold medal, the Chief Minister said, “It is a moment of pride for all of us, that Our youth have brought the name and the Cup to our State.
Floods caused by heavy rainfall affecting mainly residents living in areas with rivers or valleys and damage caused by streams from rivers water and soil that cause damage to the environment.
"Rida replied, "I'll come out so you can go home tomorrow..." Niakha said, "To Niakha..." Rida said. After Niakha's eyes were opened, Panah asked. "Who are you talking about...?"" It's Rida's mother..." Rida's mother replied, "Oh, that's right..." He listened. When he got home, Rida told her mother that she didn't have to. Go to Mawlai as directed by Niakha.
She said that her children have always allowed her to complete her studies as she wants because they know that what she is doing is good and thus this has encouraged her and encourage her to complete her Bachelor of Arts degree.
They feel that they are righteous but they do not know that they are the greatest sinners, righteous from the inside.
Wow! the house is beautiful.
The order issued by the Chief Justice (Acting) HS Thangkhiew said, “Regarding the charges against Sl.
The Minister was accompanied by Sanjay Goyal, Commissioner & Secretary to the State Government in charge of Electricity and Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL, along with Bah Moonstar Shangpliang, Director Distribution and I/C Director (Generation). ) and other senior officers of Ri-Bhoi District.
Five schools participated in the tournament including Mairang Presbyterian English Secondary School, Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive Secondary School, St Thomas Higher Secondary School, Khadsawphra Higher Secondary School and Tirot Sing Memorial College. Higher Secondary Section.
Among the areas affected by the wildfire, the town on the island of Maui was the worst affected and devastated by the fire.
The airhorn doesn't sound anymore.
Sohra: Former Sohra MLA/MDC Titossarwell Chyne has slammed the incumbent Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang and said that the MDC of Sohra constituency has not owned all the development projects. Titos said that the MDC of Sohra has admitted that he has demolished 30 villages. He said that this is a matter under the jurisdiction of the state government and it was under his tenure as MLA that he advocated in the Assembly for the removal of 30 houses. village within the Border Area.
Meghalaya took two wickets for run outs by Fennysha Nongrum and Jayshree Singh and one for Natasha Rabha (1/17).
Shillong: A woman from Nongrim Byrnihat, Ribhoi district, has been stabbed to death by her husband.
He said the claim that the NPP is working with the BJP shows that it lacks understanding for the issues that really affect the people of the state.
Speaking to media, the Youth Wing leader said, “If we get this Khasi Jaintia state, I think the reservation policy will be the best”.
So far, 10 schools have been constructed through the Education Department and 4 through the Border Area Department and 10 LP schools will now be sanctioned.
Lakiang said that even the MDCs don't know Geography because the division of villages is from one topic to another.
He said that in the past six years we have faced many challenges, but the HYC will never fail. and its departments shall continue to work together to ensure peace and stability in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Speaking to media on 16th November 2021, Bah Ernest Mawrie said that the number of cows imported from all over the states into Meghalaya is very small, but most of the cows are They were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Let us remember here that all things begin with the mind – if we think good, we do the best and if we think bad, we are tempted to do these things. who are snow.
“I'll have to think of them as a sign,” said the father. “By what sign?” “I'll find the way,” said the father. “But you have to do it, father,” said the mother.
Songsak was led by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira who had earlier said that he is not afraid to contest against Dr Mukul Sangma.
“I am confident that Steve and Amit will also be an example to others with their hard work and dedication and will be able to come forward to win this competition,” said Kong Zarina. He added that these two persons are still in Mumbai and need the support and assistance of the people of the State.
“The Congress party is not a party that will die just because some of the MLAs who have won from the party have been replaced,” said Dr Ampareen.
The battery banks were stolen from the BSNL mobile tower at Ialong Mission.
However, at the same time, she alleged that the actions of Minister Paul Lyngdoh have humiliated her and is an abuse of power.
He said that the government in a meeting with Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has directed to find a place where the meat farmers feel is suitable for them. The government will cooperate to send doctors to the area.
However, if there are any rivers that are polluted by coal mining acid and which have not been included in the River Rejuvenation Committee, we will take action.
In some parts of the Khasi Hills, this insect is called 'niang sdie' or 'niangstein'
On the Congress' allegation that the UDP and NPP have been led by the BJP, Dr. Mawthoh said this is the era of cooperation and there are two BJP MLAs in the MDA government but it does not mean that they have political ties with the BJP.
The suspected woman was identified as Rodit Langstang (44) of Pammanik.
The department has also shown that there are 54 rivers that have been declared as fish sanctuaries in the state.
On drinking water supply, the Governor said that in 2015-16, 230 villages, 253 schools and 100 ICDS have been supplied with water while in 2016-17, 110 villages, 150 villages have been supplied with water. schools, and 83 ICDS will be provided with good drinking water.
Jezerel Sangma (Full Contact Men -51 Kg) 2.
In another match of the tournament at the Sundargarh Stadium, Goa beat Arunachal Pradesh 3-1
Ma Medling congratulated the school management and the fete committees for the smooth running of the work so that their good intentions will be successful.
At the same time, the Seng has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma that the Government will consider raising the age of appointment for persons with disabilities from 42 years to 47 years. of age.
On the same day, the office of the Lyngdoh of Raid Mawshai, Hima Khyrim, handed over the Sanad to Pherbiang Shadap, which is a recognition and confirmation. completely the kingship, so that he may have the authority to administer the affairs of the Raid.
However, the District Council could not immediately refuse to issue trading licenses to Dkhars and other foreigners.
“The CD ratio of banks as of record ending July 2017 in the state is only 30.31 per cent which is less than the national standard of 60 per cent,” he said. “There are 395 banks in Meghalaya and 51 percent are in rural areas while the number of rural ATMs is only 20 percent,” said Zenith.
Promoting research and innovation in climate change-related fields, innovative technologies, information on indigenous ways of life, writing systems and endangered languages a Data Center and a central hub for information on income generation opportunities.
In those days there were only foreigners and no one spoke; but now there is no paradoh parasnam.
Meanwhile, North Garo Hills have scored 10 points against South West Khasi Hills after failing to score a goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, on Thursday congratulated the athletes both men and women before they leave their respective states to compete in the Khelo India Youth Tournament. Games, which will be held in Panchkula, Haryana from 3rd to 14th July
“If necessary, officers from the state can be hired, we will try and examine this,” he said. the ILP Bill, the Clan Bill, the Lineage Bill and others.
When I say that, I don't want the curfew to continue.
“The contribution of this man is indeed a blessing to our country.
The President added that as leaders, they should also take responsibility to teach the good to the nation.
“Before we leave, let's pray,” said the oldest. “Yes, that's what I wanted,” said the longkmie.
She also gave her voice to women.
This improvement in health care is commendable, because despite the lack of equipment and many challenges faced by health centers in remote areas, it has been possible to treat this illness. baby.
(Mrs. M.Mawkhiew) (Mrs. A.Nongrum)Genl.
However, he did not expect that the people of Garo Hills would not accept a foreign party when they had the opportunity to elect a party from their own state.
That is why Jesus said, "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge and Rahul Gandhi will also attend the meeting.
“Don't allow pride, work with humility and love for the party to reach the goal and if there is any difference between the leaders, don't go to the square but talk within the party” , he said.
Many researchers also suggest that sha can improve and cleanse the skin from the production of diseases such as bacteria, UV rays and others.
Everyone doesn't need to be attested anymore but they are allowed to sign self attested. They have passed Matric at that time. The original MBOSE certificate must be submitted to the school after 2/3 years.
In Nongpoh, a Sentinel Surveillance Hospital is under construction and at Bethany Outreach Hospital Nongpoh, only Rapid Test can be conducted but this too has not been confirmed.
“If we find that there is a NOC from the Syiem or Rangbah Shnong, the KHADC will take the necessary action and we will not allow such activities to take place. Please contact the District Council office.
Until the end of the match, MeECL could not turn the tide and suffered a defeat.
The Congress has won 58 constituencies while the UDP has won 45 constituencies.
Speaking at the meeting, Manas Choudhury, former MLA Mawprem, said, “I am pleased to be able to work with the group of Sevaks, where the Prime Minister has said that he is the Pradhan Sevak. ".
A mistake by Malki goalkeeper Sbing Chyrmang in the 23rd minute led Sawmer to score the first goal of the match but they managed to save the goal in the second half.
The hospital, which is run by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly Synod, has become a source of great comfort to the people not only in Shillong but also in the rural areas.
So after the death of his father, David died in 1970 before becoming a Christian.
He recalled that Bah Ardent who used to speak well of MUDA on the ground but when he brought this issue to be discussed in the Legislative Assembly, he disappeared.
Let the Government of India decide whether to give a state to the GSMC and let the State Government also consider its role in this matter.
“In the past, people who walked and stood at the Motphran Bridge came to ask and buy but there was no one walking and standing at this place,” said a shopkeeper.
Shillong, November 12: The 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India, translated into Khasi by Bah BM Lanong, former CEM of KHADC and MDC for six terms. Vincent Pala MP and PN Syiem CEM KHADC on Friday at 10 pm at the Assam Christian Center Shillong, in the presence of MDCs, The Chief Executive Member and the intellectuals of the state.
The JAC, which includes the JHTOA, the MTU and the All Jaintia Hills Clinkers and Cement Association (AJHCCA), launched an indefinite strike on Friday and returned all the trucks. They are located in Tuber Shohshrieh, East Jaintia Hills District.
Immediately hundreds of fish followed her,” he said.
Speaking at the meeting, the DGP said that there are three main issues including education, design and implementation.
The GHADC has also sent the names of two MDCs for inclusion in the EC but these are still pending.
He alleged that there are people who have another intention to convert, who do good deeds for the society in order to encourage people to convert.
The management of CSR Star Cement said that as of 4 pm, they have distributed water and food to 400 to 800 passengers and will continue to do so. their good work distributing water and distributing food to those passengers who were still stuck in heavy traffic.
These words of Soso Tham show the love of Dr. John Roberts for the KHASI LANGUAGE and his hard work to promote it.
Langsning have 9 points from 4 games while SS Laitryngew are in bottom position with only 1 point from 4 games.
I don’t know, what they’re talking about.
He was also the President of the CBCI from 2004-2
Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh was welcomed by the National Vice President of the NPP and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong in the presence of State President Dr. WR Kharlukhi, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Pynïaid Syiem and others. MDC of the party and others.
If the Government has any concern and sympathy for us the people of the State, it should have listened to the protests of the people of East Jaintia Hills, and stopped the import of foreign coal. sur to inform the MHA of the opposition of the people to the imported coal due to the fear of COVID -1
After they can't do it anymore, he will turn them away and they will suffer,” said the Vice President of Nongkhein.
The Angel's Garden Park Committee together with the GHM Guest House on Saturday conducted a cleanliness drive on the Myntdu River.
The order issued on the 30th of this month banning the traffic of vehicles through this road was immediately lifted.
This will increase the income of the District Councils,” said Bah John.
The match ended in a draw in the first half but it was in the second half that TRAU broke through in the 47th minute.
Quarantine facilities and hospitals that can provide quarantine for COVID 19 patients will be needed.
I have told Dr Mukul to return to the Congress or stay in the TMC, we will work together instead of him telling people to join the BJP,” said Bah Pala. when speaking to reporters.
They were filled with pride for the village and the residents who are still maintaining and continuing the traditional ways of working.
He said that they will inform the government now only one month and 30 days to pass laws for the employment of 80 percent of our youth in private companies, which are owned by any private individual. and individual groups.
These cows were seized while they were trying to smuggle them to Bangladesh yesterday.
After the meeting, Tudu said, “The implementation of schemes from the central government in Meghalaya is not adequate and this should be resolved as soon as possible and they should follow the rules. kept ".
Here too, Home Minister Amit Shah has already made it clear that they will start talks with the people in charge of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
The beginning of the environment comes from the beginning of day and night.
The civil society should feel something good about the measures taken by the government and should not come out to carry the flag,” he said.
Sangma, former EM of GHADC, Naguapara constituency1
Not only that, but the office of the SDSEO Mawkyrwat has not been able to pay the salaries of the teachers especially the Deficit School, Contract Basic and Adhoc Schools for five months now. “The lack of attention of the employees of the SDSEO Mawkyrwat office,” said Bah Bani in a statement.
According to the discussion from Ranikor, the party can contest from Bah D. Marwein from Nongjri and V.President of BJP-SWKHD, while from Mawkyrwat, Bah Nobendro. Dkhar is the General Secretary of the BJP.
After the honor at the temple, Sai was very happy that he had fulfilled his long-standing desire to offer sacrifices at the temple. , to eat the goat, at Khopa Dham village, near Madanpur, on Sunday.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, sent her resignation letter to the Prime Minister on Friday evening, before the start of the dorbar tlang.
Finally, the Sein Pynbhalang played well in the final match which was held in Jowai.
The election campaign will end at 4 pm on Tuesday across the state, after which no candidates or political parties will be able to enter the villages to hold meetings.
Even if you have a right, it is against anyone to take the law into your own hands and not to try to resist by using weapons.
The most special rituals during this Behdeinkhlam include the Ryngkaw Sacrifice, the Behkhlam, the Iatan Bhang and the Iaslait.
Some of the doctors who have been present include Dr. R. Nongrum, Medical Superintendent, who has been a surgeon or a qualified doctor since he was working at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
“I appeal to the people to support us and we will show you by the work of becoming a leader not only in the state but also in Delhi.
Ajit Pal, Manager and Sumita Thakur and the members of the Club should apologize to the public and meet with Tailin Lyngdoh and Dr. (Ms.) Nivedita. Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit said that the price of Khasi women's clothes is low.
The rally will start at 11.30 pm and the people are requested to attend the rally at the residence of the candidate Bah Process T Sawkmie at Mawlai Nongpdeng. The rally will start in all the villages under the Mawlai Constituency.
Other speakers on the occasion were M.Dhar SE PWD (Roads), U.Muktieh General Manager DCIC, A.Nongbri SDO (Civil) Mairang Sub-Division, S. Thamar Commandant 4th Battalion. and in-charge SP West Khasi Hills.
According to three contractors who did not want to be named, “you cannot imagine that it has been almost a year since the G-20 Summit in Shillong until now the estimates for their work have not been received. The sanction is also in the Planning and Finance Department because Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong know better,” they said.
“It is up to the BJP to do something about its members because what they say is as individuals and not from the party,” he said.
The arrest of NLCN members has risen to 11 including a 16-year-old Class-X student, police said.
Lion Sports & Youth Affairs opened the scoring in the 53rd minute through Tremiki Lamare in the 53rd minute and Shanborlang Kharsahnoh in the 78th minute.
Speaking to media, Tyllibor Swer Assistance General Secretary said that this is due to the lack of attention of the Taxation Department. Even after the party has already written several times to inform about this.
It is now up to the schools to decide which day they want to follow these days.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: The Young Minds Association, one of the young minds association, will honor a living person with a statue. khih on this earth.
The KSU has urged the public to lodge an FIR immediately and get a damage certificate from the relevant authorities. Rangbah Shnongs and also have to take videos and take pictures of the damage and send it immediately to the relevant authorities.
Officers of Headquarters, Divisional and Electrification DRM, RNY, VK Srivastav, Sr.
“We have received letters from the families of those from Jaintia Hills and Assam asking the government to stop the search for the bodies of those trapped in the coal mine but we have not received from the families of those from Garo Hills. ", said the minister while speaking yesterday.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The CORP Umiam Circle and CSWO (I) have found that many Dkhars are employed in various companies at the Export Promotion Industrial Park (EPIP) in Umiam, Ri Bhoi District.
He urged the youth not to waste their time in unprofitable games and to refrain from such games, because once involved in such games, the the future of young lives has been shattered and cannot be rebuilt.
In November 2020, Everbloom Nongrum was awarded the Raksha Padak Award by the President of India.
All the strangers come to us; but if others drive us away, where shall we flee? These foreigners have come to invade our nation, and have raped our women and children.
The ACC said it will hold a special announcement today (second) once the proposal by Sethi can be accepted now and the opening of the door will be held now. Pakistan cricket team has been sent to India for the ODI World Cup to be held from April to November
“If the government officials feel that there is no corruption, they should come forward to investigate all the allegations of corruption by independent investigation teams and publish the report immediately. “The investigation teams have found out, in order to resolve all the doubts of the public,” he said.
Amit Shah (Union Home Minister) after his arrival from Mizoram, has made it clear that the three states If you don't have an ILP, you will be placed under special rules in the cab to avoid the entry of foreigners.
East Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills won the bronze medals.
The KSU has protested against the MGU grounds after receiving complaints from the students of Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU) regarding the defeat of the students. The university authorities have charged up to 28,000 tyngka just to get the necessary certificates such as Combined Mark Sheet, Migration Certificate and Provisional Certificates.
Choose high fiber foods.
During the visit, the Minister also distributed prizes to the winners of the Central Puja Committee (CPC) music competition at RR Colony Durga Puja Committee.
I am proud to say that we, as a State, have moved forward,” he said.
The goal is to reach the top of the mountain.
“We request Bah JA Lyngdoh not to contest this election now, but to come and work for the BJP in this constituency,” he said.
“For further information, these vehicles, which have been removed from the list, will be checked and therefore, these vehicles, which number 1,441, have been ordered to be confiscated first,” said Ola. .
A group of Karbi people together with Assam police on Tuesday raided and uprooted up to 800 trees recently planted in Lapangap village.
Ebormi Laloo (51) scored the second goal.
I don't want to work in an unpleasant environment because it will cause unpleasantness and I feel it is better for me to leave for the sake of the development of the Commission and for the sake of the welfare of the women. to leave the job".
Not only that, it is also understood that among these lyngkar there are also those who just want to earn a living and do illegal activities to fulfill the bloody deeds in their lives.
Ryntih SC have beaten Shillong Lajong FC 5-0 and Malki SC 4-2. The match on Tuesday will be between Langsning FC and Langsning FC. Shillong Lajong FC at 3:45 pm.
He said that the KHADC already has a Boundary Committee and will collect the documents to prepare and submit to the Regional Committee of the State Government.
Shop owners should not allow consumers to sit inside the shop and consumers should leave the shop after eating.
He said that it has been temporarily used in a newly built room.
This road has been maintained by the NHAI for about two years now, after taking over from the PWD department. This road is very important as it connects states like Mizoram, Tripura and the Barak Valley and some parts of Manipur.
Shillong, March 27: The State Government through the Joint Director of School Education and Literacy (KJDSTA) has issued a notice to give leave to those teachers of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) who wish to attend the closing ceremony. The 35th anniversary of the foundation will be celebrated on 30th March, 2015 in Shillong.
Khliehriat, June 20: Senior Congress party leaders including Assam MP Gaurup Gagoi, Andhra Pradesh MP JD Shatam, former Delhi MP Alka Lamba and others today visited the party. Vincent Pala, Congress candidate from Sutnga-Saipung Constituency, has arrived at Saipung village to campaign for the election. his crowd of supporters.
SK Lato, MPHF in his keynote address spoke about Rotary and its principles.
However, in my understanding, the more churches there are, the better.
HSPDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, who resigned as MDC last year, has been elected MLA from Nongkrem constituency. The UDP MDC from Nongkrem Constituency on this occasion, urged the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkrem Constituency to agree to resolve this issue before the government announces the mid-term MDC election. They shall be regarded as merely an election campaign.
Of course, in politics there are no permanent enemies, only permanent friends because after we win the elections, the main goal is to serve the constituency and the state,” said Prestone.
He said that the Congress party has also admitted that they have suspended the NSUI, but the members of the NSUI have resigned. Congress wants to destroy the future of the youth, but we will not allow it,” he said.
Six candidates will contest from the constituency, including Ricky Shullai of the NCP, Banrikupar Wahlang of the HSPDP, Bankhraw Kharbuli of the KHNAM, Fedrick Lynshiang of the UDP and Alois Dohtdong, an independent candidate. Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The BJP has started visiting all the villages of Sohra and Shella constituencies to explain to the public the party's foundation and schemes. The central government should not reach the people.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Disparsing Rani said that there have been many problems faced by the people of South India where the Court has stepped in to argue that the people who have converted to Christianity have accepted the Christians can no longer recognize them as Scheduled Tribes.
In an interview with the Secretary Shnong Umlaper, he expressed his deep regret that the distribution of rice has not been done as directed by the MLA. It has been given to those who have the right to receive it, and many of those who have received it are more worthy of receiving it.
The body of the child was laid to rest the next day (17th July, 2023) at 4:30 pm at Lum Jingtep Trilha do Ceu.
This decision will also help to increase the income of farmers in the state.
The deceased are Kyllity Langpen, 32, mother, Daphishisha Langpen, 12, daughter, Daskhemlang Langpen, 5 years old. Sa-i-dawanbiang 3 years old (daughter) and a boy, 6 months old.
Speaking to Mawphor, the President of the KSU, Samla Lambok Starwell Marngar, said that the KSU is filled with a sense of sorrow. Unfortunately, the state government has not taken any measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
Sitharaman said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi has always expressed his concern about the plight of the poor including the migrant workers.
“This scheme is very suitable for our area because from the location to the environment it is suitable for improving the livelihood of the residents.
Even when the rain stopped, the Garo used those boats as houses to sleep at night.
Replying to a question on the speech of the Governor on 21st October in the House, Conrad Sangma said, “A safety audit has been conducted in is still adequate according to the standard".
Besides these demands, they also demanded the strengthening of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and the implementation of the NRC and the start of peace talks.
Even if there is no other state outside Meghalaya, it doesn't have food.
One of the issues discussed at the meeting was the introduction of the Public Health and Specialist Cadre System within the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Immediately, he sent for the policeman who was guarding him, but he could not find him anymore, because the thief had fled far away.
The union strongly condemns the pollution of the Lukha River and also condemns the Ministry of Environment, Forest which has been silent on the death of thousands of fish in the river since
This happened at noon on Friday last month.
On these topics mentioned above I have to speak clearly that I am not a scholar of English but this is the teaching that I have received a little bit and in my little strength in my own general understanding. I understand the difference between the two English words – Own and Self.
Three of these trucks were seized from Umraleng and left at the scene and three others were hidden in a forest near Umran.
When asked by the President of the KSU whether the two organizations have continued the strike even after their release from jail, Biangbor said that they will continue to strike today. “We have sent our volunteers today too, but there are no more trucks coming in like in the past, we have received news that even those who stay overnight at The FCI also left yesterday morning, it was closed.
“Also, this will extend to the school, secondary and higher secondary levels.
Nangkiew scored the only goal in the 63rd minute through Flavius ​​Lalruatkima.
“It is only if the government introduces an ordinance or convenes a special session to pass the bill to repeal that this bill will die but as of now it is only the words of the minister to the media. news" he said.
The Principal of the school, Sammi Reddy, made the school feel like sitting on a real train.
The Forum questions the Council on the blank Information Act issued by the Office of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council on 3rd June, 2020 on the information requested by the Forum including the Geographical Map. maps of Elaka, Raid, and Villages under the Council, Villages between the border dispute with Assam, names of Elaka and Dolloi in the border areas with Assam, information about the Nongjrong Labang Nangphyllut District which has been deleted from the Karbi, Pattas, Land Holdings, Land Records of the residents in the border areas.
'Ïalam' means to show, to show, or to guide to a place to go or to a job to do.
Bah AL Hek also expressed his gratitude to USTM and Chancellor M Hoque for making this achievement for the North East.
He said that in one area such as the Raid Madan Kyrdem, he would like to express his gratitude and appreciation to the government, the PWD department and the leaders, that it is through their initiative, that the The Raid also requests the government and the PWD department to complete this road as soon as possible so that it will be a blessing to the people in their journey. come, he added.
Shortly after, the reporters had the opportunity to talk to both the Sordars of Lenpdeng Shnong and Lenmawtap, where it was understood that the Mela was planned to be held earlier. KJ Basaiawmoit Sordar of Lenmawtap said that Lenmawtap has received permission from the DC to hold the event from 26th November and it was scheduled to end on 21st July. Later, they received permission from the DC to hold it for only 10 days from 5th to 14th June.
All the winners will participate in the State Level Art and Culture Competition to be held soon.
Where are you going? Perhaps it is the byrta ka shula or the announcement to the people of Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum that the time has come to hold the shad to ainguh aidem to God. They dressed in gold and silver to dress their male and female dancers, so that they could perform and dance with joy and happiness.
From the body of the suspect, security forces also recovered a 9 mm pistol, a magazine and three 9mm bullets.
DO NOT MAKE FRIENDS WITH YOUR FRIENDS:- We (the lasan) don't think before we become friends.
Chairman of the Disciplinary Committee Bhagwati Prasad Goenka said the BJP leaders had violated the report.
The fire was extinguished by the fire brigade which started to spread to other shops and nearby houses.
As the Seng, we are deeply saddened by the arrest of these 25 Khasi youths and that is why the Seng will not remain silent, but will come forward to demand the rights of the Khasi youth. These 25 Khasi youths will be working again at the Toll Plaza, he said.
The union also urges the district authorities to take action to direct and remind and urge the NHAI and the CPWD department to expedite the work.
This rule does not apply only to schools, colleges and other educational institutions.
Let us pray in faith that God will reveal to the wise men new tricks as He revealed to Daniel the secrets of the king's vision.
Shillong: The main reason for the environmental damage in the Jaintia Hills, is the presence of these dewbilat factories, which have increased the income generation.
However, it is surprising that he did not say a word or even visit to inspect the condition of this road, which as of now there are many places where it has started to collapse.
After the recruitment of many applicants at Polo Ground in 2012, the department has not yet issued the resolution of the applicants. From time to time, the department has announced the resolution in April this year which has taken about five years and there are 772 youths who should be employed.
At the meeting, the members of the Niti Forum of the North East, raised various issues, including the need for electricity in the North East, tourism, border markets, siej planting, soh cultivation, fertilizer making from niut, rice cultivation, agriculture and others.
The members shall be elected from all the villages and shall be approved by the EC of JHADC. The JHADC has explained in detail each of the provisions of the Act which has been approved by the Governor of Meghalaya. 23 December, 2015.
T.Bn Noel has been the Pastor of Pynthorumkhrah Presbyterian Church since 2005 where he has held many positions in the Church, District and Presbytery.
On the other hand, Bah Jasper Manih, President of RBTHA, said that this is the dream of all the Khasi doctors to preserve the traditional medicine especially to preserve the herbal medicines. The training of our ancestors on herbal medicines and traditional medicine has disappeared but we must continue to work hard to preserve this traditional medicine.
According to police records, in the months of July and June, there were 29 cases of kidnapping in the state, mostly in Garo Hills.
When the police arrived at the Police Station to investigate the incident, many of the residents who did not know anything about the incident were delighted to hear that the management of the Petrol Pump they have been investigated for corruption and corruption.
In Shillong, we hear the sound of ambulances carrying seriously ill patients to hospitals every day.
This is not the first time that Thakur has criticized her party, the BJP, as in the last Lok Sabha elections, she praised Nathuram Godse, who assassinated Mahatma Gandhi, by say that you are a patriot.
He is one of the greatest contributors to the writing of Khasi literature.
The presence of ministers in their offices is essential in the public service.
“The prime minister says that Muslims have many children.
This death is more than what happened yesterday.
The group urged the leaders of Kukiland, which is one of the members of the NFNS, to find ways and means to bring peace in Manipur. sian.
Jowai, July 28: Police have arrested two persons from Ladrymbai Out Post. Yior Dkhar, 40, of Tuber Kmai Shnong, was killed in a trep house in her farm on Tuesday morning. the week.
“There is a big change and the NTA and the university authorities are not well prepared.
The KSU said it has gone to talk to the bank and promised to release the money of these 702 families soon and the money will be sent to their bank accounts.
These elected members should have identified the items that were banned from production or use and also the amount of money that should have been fined to the violators,” he said.
If you read Article 44, it is the duty of the State to introduce the UCC. As we have seen above, the State refers to all legislative bodies, including the Autonomous District Councils.
After receiving the support of his parents, he went to train at the DSK Shivajan Football Academy in Pune.
At this meeting, they discussed the need to strengthen the party office bearers especially in those areas where the party does not have MLAs as there are those who have left like Bah Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar and others. party office bearers also leave these areas, and for this reason it is necessary to appoint new ones.
Mawkyrwat, June 10: Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat is the only college in South West Khasi Hills District to be recognized by the University Grant Commission (UGC) and the National Assessment Accreditation Council. (NAAC), Bangalore.
The same strong spirit from the APHLC, HSPDP, PDIC and later the HPU and then the HNF has been instilled in the hearts of the youth who are growing up.
On the other hand, Bah DM Wahlang congratulated the DCIC for organizing this exhibition as part of the celebration of the death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah and at the same time encouraged the participants to produce He also urged the educated unemployed youth to start such businesses through small scale industries in order to increase their income.
The Sengbhalang has already held a night road blockade from the 4th to the 6th and an office blockade on the 7th.
Earlier, the Nongthymmai MLA said that the government's plan has failed because it has not been able to separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage while the people have been ordered to do as it has ordered.
Dr Mukul admitted that the party is strong and united, and there is no division within the party.
In Delhi, the number of new cases has risen to 1,877 and the death toll has risen from 984 to 1,0
From the family members of the Kur Dkhar and Kur Nongtdu, we would like to express our deepest gratitude to each and every one of you from the relatives, friends, relatives.
The presence of this expired dam often causes a lot of trouble to the residents, especially during the rainy season.
According to her, the Roster System ordered by the Meghalaya High Court in relation to the recruitment process is to curb irregularities and end corruption. State (Job Reservation Policy) according to your experience.
When you do foolish things, it is enough, but if you do wise things, it is more dangerous and stupid.
He gave 10 days to the President of the KSU, Bah Peterson Kylla, to provide sufficient evidence to prove that he met with the heads of the Agrovet Company.
Nearly 125 students attended the event.
He said that the reason why the truck overturned was because the driver of the truck was driving too fast until he could no longer control the steering wheel of the vehicle. truck doesn't change.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: The dress, the language, the song, the dance, the music, the dress, the walking, the standing, the activities are part of our traditional culture. Any nation and ethnic group that has lost its own customs and traditions is a dead nation.
He said that this year, not only will the MDA government improve the school buildings, but the government will also work hard to solve the problems of all the teachers. that there is a need to improve education in the state.
“At present, it has been reported that the curfew has been imposed since the Ministers and Chairmen of Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya, DCs and SPs of West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong. He urged his people to have peace and freedom of movement and that the people of Assam should be able to move freely to Meghalaya and the people of Meghalaya should also be able to move freely. to Assam but unfortunately until now especially the Karbi side has banned our people from traveling to Meghalaya,” said the Forum.
Mawkyrwat, July 18: The residents of Dongriwar Manad area have faced difficulties in traveling through vehicles due to the landslide on the roads which have blocked the roads used for transportation. walk every day.
The price of Non NFSA rice shall not exceed T.14 per kilo.
Do not move an-ancient Boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless, for their defender is strong.
As the beginning of the reconstruction of this school, I will provide Rs 1 crore through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund,” said Conrad.
The people should also be vigilant that during the voting period, they should not be deceived by the money but should stand firm on the ground.
This comes after the three political parties in the opposition, the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the Voice of the Peoples Party (VPP), decided not to contest the election. fight against Timothy.
This area is located in the central part of West Khasi Hills District, which has about 14 villages where this agricultural area is a source of food for the people in these villages and if we count the total number of households. there were over a thousand.
Ten groups of wild boars have attacked the village in Raksamgre Constituency, West Garo Hills and not only damaged the houses but also robbed the villagers.
“We came here to work here to get food for our children but I didn't think it would be like what happened to my brother,” he said.
In Garo Hills, the announced candidates include Kharkutta, Mendipathar, Resubelpara, Tengrak R. Marak, Songsak and Dr. Mukul M.Sangma, Williamnagar – Alphonsush R.Marak (MDC), Raksamgre – Dr Prabir D.Sangma, Tikirkilla – Dr.Mukul M.Sangma, Phulbari – S.G.Esmatur Mominin, Rajabala – Dr Mohammed Mizanur Rahamankazi, Sel.Rsella – Agassi Marak (MDC), Dadenggre – Rupa M.Marak, North Tura – Rupert M.Sangma, South Tura – Richard Mrong Marak, Rangsakona- Zenith M.Sangma (MLA), Ampati- Miani Dalbot Shira (MLA), Mahendraganj- Dikkanchi Dalbot Shira (MLA), Salmanpara – Winnerson D.Sangma (MLA), Gambegre – Sadhiarani M.Sangma (MDC), Dalu – Sengkal A.Sangma, Rongra-Siju – Dr Rajesh M.Marak, Chokpot – Lazarus M.Sangma (MLA) ), Baghmara – Dr Saljanringrang R.Marak.
The ruling MDA 2.0 has 45 MLAs and therefore, Thomas will have no problem being elected to the Lamphang seat.
First, the elders and young men were shot dead or beheaded with sharp knives; Young women and mothers were robbed and raped, beaten, cut into pieces or shot dead immediately and even children were mercilessly killed by throwing them into ponds and rivers. or in a fire with intent to destroy immediately; the women, the old men, and the children were shut up in the houses, and burned with fire.
A total of 15 schools have participated in this year's Inter Skul.
However, there are also government officials who have been allowed to use the vehicles they receive from the government as they wish.
However, the easiest words to understand about nature are “Nature is the environment that God has given to us human beings on this earth. every day.
Regarding the tragic incident that happened in Mukroh; The incident started at 2 pm when the Forest Department of Assam police targeted a timber truck. Police have stopped another vehicle carrying rice from Mukroh village at the check post at Snarew near Mukroh on the grounds that these people have stolen. from the villages in Assam.
On the 21st of this month, 12,541 teachers under the banner of MSSASA have called off their strike after the state government announced to release Rs 122 crore for the to pay the remaining salary of up to four months.
and at Glleria Anjalee Cinema there will be only two shows at 3 pm and 5:30 pm.
This allocation includes an expenditure of T.218,22,60,300 (Twenty-two lakh seventy thousand three hundred) tyngka, while the revenue is T.204,63,23,5 lakh two hundred and thirty thousand five hundred tyngka and it shows that the expenditure is higher than the income of T.13.59,36,8 The expenditure of the Council has been divided into 17 departments within the JHADC. These departments include the General Administration with T.11,76,48,200 and the Finance & Accounts Department with T.31,33,19,0 , Land Revenue & Land Reform Department T.11,38,71,500 tyngka, Land Record & Land Settlement Department T.10,38,89,400 tyngka, Taxation Department T.4,59,13,300 tyngka, Forest Department T.16,41, 24,000 tyngka, Political Department T.4,34,93,200 tyngka, Civil Works Department T.64,57,92,200 tyngka, Education Department T.24,97,57,100 tyngka, Art and Cultural Department T.2,37,37,400 tyngka, Market Department T.19,95,91,900 tyngka, Statistics and Information Department T.1,51,79,200 tyngka, Stationary & Printing Department T.1,42,34,800 tyngka, Planning Department T.1,20,41,900 tyngka, Judicial Department T.3,09,20,400, Legislative Department T.7,89,54,800, Village and Town Administration Department T.97,92,000.
In his complaint, Mashenbhalang Lyngdoh said that he applied for the data entry job after seeing the advertisement 'Praxylite Technology Pvt, Ltd, Co' on OLX. call on January 5, 2020.
He also urged the users of tyndong shet jingshet that if they find anyone who charges more than the fare of 20 tyngka except those who are farther away, they can lodge a complaint so that these agencies can investigate. get what you need.
In another incident, robbers set fire to the rice fields of Sunilal Rai, 52, and Surendra Rai, 54, at Pynthorbah Block I, Shillong.
It should not be surprising that pressure groups or militant groups have emerged without the government's own support.
Therefore, it is necessary to hold a special seminar to train these leaders to write letters from newspapers, police and government offices.
However, the talks did not come to fruition and it was alleged that the BSF troops shot khaw yiang.
Mawkawah FC came in second place and Khlieh-mawlieh YC came in third place with 7 points.
"Kong Maya (Rida's mother) said, "You Nia, you know we are all in the house, we are very sad," said Niakha. Rida's mother got up and went to the kitchen. Rida came out with the tea she had prepared and put it in front of Niakha and Bakha.
“Because I know that health is a great wealth, I am trying to upgrade the health centers like Jongksha PHC, Thynroit Sub Center to PHC, Sub Centers in Nongjrong, Laitkyrhong and more health centers will be established so that the people can easily and closely go for treatment and medicine at any time”“ As your leader the people of Mawkynrew Constituency I will continue to bring about development and development in the constituency in all aspects because I want it to be a Model Constituency for others.
The new Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma has introduced the Assam Cattle Preservation Bill, 2021 in the Assam Legislative Assembly on 12th November. The State and many other states have banned at various levels the slaughter, sale or consumption of beef.
In this regard, the FBI has announced a telephone number for the families of the missing persons to contact the agency so that an accurate count can be taken and the search for the missing persons can be conducted. who is all.
The KSU Wapung Unit has appealed to the law enforcement agencies to search for these suspects until they are found.
Nongpoh, June 29: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Tourism, today inaugurated the North East Regatta. kieng Ling organized by the Tourism Department of the State Government.
How can they increase the price when the tender is called according to the allocated funds and the bill is paid at a high price and the money comes from them.
“He should be punished according to the rules of law for his statements.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 4: The family and church today held the last rites for the remaining body of Wansaralin Wanñiang and her daughter.
These five villages include Mukhla Ialong, Cham Cham, Lumchyrmit, Mutong and Pynthorsale which have formed the Five Village Welfare Association since 2006 to look after the welfare of the village.
A total of 220 people who had contact with the BSF personnel have been tested positive and 10 of them have been confirmed positive.
Shillong: Dalmia Cement is the first oil well cement factory in the North East to be certified according to the API (American Petroleum Institute) and BIS standard to produce Oil Well Cement (OWC).
Khliehriat, Nov 10: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) and the Jaintia National Council (JNC) today held a special meeting at Khliehriat West Community Hall. The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has been formed to provide more services to the Jaintia Hills and the Hynniewtrep people as a whole.
He alleged that the MDA government has not done anything to provide adequate health care to the people.
“As the party we express our surprise and ask Bah Adelbert 'How many times have you resigned from the same party?' He resigned as Working President and member of the CEC through a letter dated 10th November, , how did he get promoted to the post of President? And now he wants to resign again, what is the reason and purpose? It is also surprising that at the same time he filed a case against Meghalaya? High Court (which he did not make public) and at the same time he wanted to talk peace.
NEIGRIHMS in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, local organizations, Rotary Club Jowai, JHPIEGO, NESFAS, VHAM and Molbio Diagnostics is preparing to hold a free health camp at North East Adventist University, Khliehtyrshi on the 10th March 2023 starting at 9 pm.
She said that the aspirations and expectations of the people have not yet matched the length of time she has been elected and given the opportunity to lead the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking to reporters on the illegal coal mining, Meghalaya TMC President Charles Pyngrope, who was also present at the meeting, said it is a shame for the state government that it has not been able to He said it is regrettable that the police have been charged against the court.
Shillong, March 26: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Buildings) on Friday, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who conducted the review meeting, said that the The construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong in April,
“Perhaps we will be able to confirm the Cease Fire.
The Minister said that the CUET will also be urged to be released again for those students from rural colleges who have not had the opportunity to register.
We remember that in the beginning God created Adam and Eve, and placed them in a garden of Eden filled with all kinds of plants and flowers that produced their fragrance.
“As the leaders of the VPP, when we see the grievances of the people and when we see the tyranny and corruption of this government since 2018 onwards, the step we have taken is to do something. that the people may not be destroyed.
He also alleged that the Syiem of Raid Marwet has become an agent of foreigners, while the Hima Mylliem has encouraged the Syiem and helped him to register the land titles. On this basis, the RBSU strongly opposes the theft by the Syiem of Raid Marwet and Hima Mylliem, as the RBSU feels that this action of the Syiem of Raid Marwet and Hima Mylliem, shows that they do not There is no responsibility for the land of Shyiap and which has become the cause of the occupation of Meghalaya.
Therefore, the Police Outpost has been decided to take immediate action against the police outpost.
He said the people have already expressed from time to time that they need the cooperation of political parties to free the state from corruption but despite the reports of involvement in illegal coal mining. The government instead of taking action to send an inquiry has acted blindly and allowed this illegal coal mining to continue in the state.
He said the committee will send the names of the candidates to the high command of the party who will take the final decision which of them has the most chance of winning.
Among the Sikkim bowlers, Siddharth was a threat to Meghalaya's players, scoring 5/27 which led Meghalaya to lose all wickets for 145 runs.
The drone was launched by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma. The drone carrying medicines was launched for the first time from Jengjal Sub-Division in the presence of officials from Jengjal Sub-Division. World Bank, doctors and health officials and others.
The beat of this song was recorded by @eddiemarwein1996 and produced by @versifyxxi.
The festival featured Blues, Hip Hop and other songs and Love Supreme was divided into five categories including R&B, Funk, Soul and Blues; The Big Top.
However, since the advent of Christianity, which has taught not to need the power of the Mother.
When I think alone, our Khasi elder should be respected in the world for his kindness.
Shillong: After a video spread on You Tube channels, regarding the speech of two employees of dewbilat company TOPCEM, who issued a statement of insult and insulting people They protested against the people who opposed the plan of the factory to produce more dewbilat.
However, the Jowai Waheh Chnong Union has decided to continue the strike from 5 pm to 5 pm tomorrow to protest against the government's decision.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, Chief Executive Member of Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday congratulated the students of Jirang Constituency who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations after the results were announced by the MBOSE. Besides all the students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examination, Bah Sohtun congratulated all the students for their hard work in their studies and especially sent a special greeting to Samla To congratulate Thangkhiew who has entered the top 20 of the HSSLC examination 2023 in the fourth position which is a pride and honor not only for himself, his family and also for the school, the constituency, the District and the State as a whole.
Other villages affected by the demarcation include Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-II in Ri Bhoi District; Block- I, Psiar – Khanduli.
After a thorough investigation, he and the entire team have taken this decision.
The DC said that the people should not panic and there is no shortage of food items and urged the people not to buy too much food items and to buy according to their needs.
At that time, the Khasi market vendors and those sitting in the square were shocked by the behavior of the Dkhar who sent the job to the woman. The KHADC has expressed its dissatisfaction when the KHADC has come to evict these khar die madan who have crowded the market in Iewduh which has caused them to lose their homes.
The foods we get through animals are rich in protein.
“The reception officers should know how to speak politely, because it seems that they treat the Meghalaya House as their own home, not as government employees,” he said.
Hearing the PIL petition, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said, “It is hoped that the state government will and the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) will work together to ensure the cleanliness of Shillong as areas under the jurisdiction of the Cantonment Board.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) is investigating the complaint filed by Sushant's father with the police on Tuesday.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 60,457, three-quarters of whom have died in Europe.
The KSU has also encouraged the young man who is also a member of the KSU to continue to fight for other bigger fights and to be an example. It is good for young people that exercise and the proper use of talents is essential, to avoid alcohol and drugs which are harmful to the body.
“There has been a severe impact of the heavy rains in the state, and the cost of repairing these will be high,” he said. He has already informed the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
Post Name:- Sub-Divisional Officer (HEW)No of posts:- 4Department:- Health & Family Welfare DepartmentPay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure.
On the evening of the 17th Bhalang, the Daplang went to the market to buy meat and deliver food to Sohra.
Shillong, March 25: From all over the Khasi Hills, people from all over the Khasi Hills have come to showcase their traditional songs and dances at the Monolith Festival in Mawphlang today. pliang, the Sohbar dance, the dung khohner dance, the wait dance and others.
The parable “like a hen gathereth her brood under her wings” shows the responsibility that Jesus had to protect and care for Jerusalem.
However, when we look back at what appears in the media from time to time, it is contrary to what the government is doing.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the opening of the road will open the door for other development projects especially in improving the income of the people of the area and the state as a whole. other.
“The Delhi Law Minister has been arrested without giving any information, what has the BJP government done?” said Sanjay Singh, one of the AAP leaders. The university has also sent a letter to the court saying that his qualifications are sufficient,” said Singh.
Shillong, Oct 22: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shri Rajnath Singh, today visited the Headquarters Directorate of the Assam Rifles at Laitkor for the 181st Celebration of the Assam Rifles. October 21-22.
At Mk 5:12, 13, Jesus even felt pity for the demons when they begged him to send them into the pigs.
In a statement, KSSM Vice President Bah P Dohling said, “The Mawjymbuin Crematorium is owned by Mawsynram Village. “The visit of the pilgrims to the crematorium is every day but the civil society organizations do not disturb the pilgrims.
Lambokstarwell Marngar, President KSU Central Executive Council will be the chief guest and Dr. CO Rangad, Senior Vice President, Meghalaya Badminton Association will be the chief guest.
“The price of the land purchased by the KHADC that year was T.35,25,39 lakh which is the price of the land and when it will take over.
The MLA/MDCs have won the election.
On this occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie also launched the website of the Church of God Higher Secondary School.
The tournament will start on 12th November 2022 and three teams from these two categories have been selected from the Talent Search program which ended in the coming months. done.
New Delhi: At 6.03 pm today, Vikram informed the Mission Control in Bengaluru that he had left the moon and it was at that time that there was a celebration of the workers. of this place to launch the satellite to the moon.
In another match, Manchester United scored two goals against Burnley, with Paul Pogba scoring from the penalty spot in the 87th minute and Victor Lindelof in the 92nd minute. Ashley Barnes scored for New Castle in the 51st minute and Chris Wood in the 81st minute.
Wapung Block will lead the Eat Jaintia Hills after winning the title of the U-12 Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer EJHD. The tournament ended on Saturday (6-5-2023) with the finals at Deinchynrum Stadium.
He said that the party has already built a house at Mawblei and what remains now is to open it and hand it over to the family and this handover will be on 20th November 2022 as a gift. Christmas.
The President of the HNYF, Bah Sadon Blah, said that this is a torti work and the office building has been completed with expensive materials.
In the second half, Aizwal strengthened themselves by scoring the third goal from a corner in the 57th minute.
In a statement from Khan's family, they quoted the words of the actor as "I trust, I have surrendered" .
Furthermore, all shops in Pyndengumiong Village should be closed and any construction works should be stopped immediately.
North Shillong MLA and Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum said that the most precious thing in his life is love and there is no wealth or thousands in front of love. “You have received so much love, why should you still oppose it? I have more love than others,” said Bah. Adelbert.
The government's decision shows its lack of concern for the severe affected youth of Khasi-Jaintia and youth with disabilities.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 25 cases, including 3 Health Workers, Markasa Cluster 4 and Rwiang Cluster
Dadenggiri MLA James K Sangma demanded that the government should prevent the allocation of farmland for factories because once the land is lost, it cannot be recovered.
Banteidor also asked the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, to do something for the farmers to avoid being cut kilos by the traders.
We look forward to their answers.
“The Government has promised that once the talks have started, the old cases will not become stumbling blocks and will not interfere with the peace talks.
Shillong, March 14: The Government has installed CCTV cameras in Khyndai Lad, one of the most crowded places in the city, to facilitate the search and arrest of those who commit illegal activities.
Shillong: There have been 59 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today.
Shri.General Pohkyrnu (Headmaster of Dona School)
The Government has also appointed former President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills and Chief Leader of the UDP from Ri Bhoi Rayonald Kharkamni as Vice Chairman.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The MSKDF has recently held the 2nd Edition of the North East Karate Championship in collaboration with the NEKSF which was inaugurated on the 8th of this month.
Furthermore, all residents of Chandmari have been requested to stop walking from the roads of Chandmari to Don Bosco Mini Stadium to avoid traffic jam.
Meanwhile, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, recalled the struggle of our ancestors for a full state with perseverance and determination.
The purpose of this organization is to look after the welfare of the foreign workers who earn their living.
The root of the faith of believers is a holy life.
Once again, Kitborlang asks for your support to vote for him once again so that he can win the title of winner in this Meghalaya Superstar tournament. The M.L.A & M.D.C of my constituency to give me my right hand in this regard so that my victory will be an honor to the entire constituency tomorrow morning. The HYC will hold a program at Umthlong Nongthliew on the 23rd June 2016 at 2pm,” said Kitborlang.
For the year 2014-2015, the government has released T.49,99,8
The individual Badminton tournament will also start on the same day.
At the same time, Mr.Prestone refused to comment about the coming election in Shella and simply said that the party as a whole will see to it.
Rgh Diamondstone Lyngdoh, President of the Seng Khasi Langkyrdem, gave a short speech on the establishment of the Seng Khasi Langkyrdem. The Mawlieh Theater Club, originally known as the Mawlieh Theater Club, was founded by 18 elders.
Two supporters of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) were also arrested by the Shallang Police. they shall be allowed to carry out and continue their activities in the area.
U Bah Teibor Pathaw who gave them the information and guidelines and promised to work together to help them when they face problems and asked for their cooperation to overcome the challenges they have already faced. trouble.
After the incident, the family members of the woman immediately informed the Mawshynrut Police Station and the police rushed to the village to conduct an investigation. and they found also this thing.
And Gabriel answered and said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.
Roy said the new CEC will soon meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to look into the MRSSAB. , 2020, which has been suggested by the HYC to the State Government as an ILP. Therefore, we will meet the Prime Minister to look into the MRSSAB and the questions of the MHA,” he said.
The help you need is counseling.
The program was conducted by Bah Albinus Nongkynrih, Asstt.
At first glance, it is surprising that Russia is mentioned in the Bible.
The tournament will be held at the Kynshi Bangla Stadium.
The total area of ​​Ri Bhoi District is 484.72 sq. km.
The newly built house of TULBA was handed over to Kong Larita Nongbet.
Coal owners under the banner of the SCCCOMDF have called a 12-hour curfew on 6th July to protest against the government's inaction. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned coal mining.
“When the two governments have agreed to the participation of the party leaders to implement the peace talks, it will be the duty of the government to ensure that the peace talks are held. happiness for these members of the party if they come to their country “.
He told the people of Jowai that the NPP will come back with a huge victory and urged them not to waste their votes on the TMC, which has no future in the state.
On this occasion, the Synod expresses its gratitude to the Principal, Vice Principal, teachers and staff who have taken responsibility in many areas to look after and improve the needs of the school. this time.
However, this will bring more trouble for the BJP in Meghalaya.
He said that his JCB was suspected to have been smuggled to Manipur for work on a mining project.
Two platoons of BSF will be deployed at Vairengte, two platoons at Saihapui V. of Kolasib District and a company in Thinghlun village, Mamit district.
Here we understand clearly that they want to enslave the people of the Eastern Region and those of our State when the youth from the State go to work and study in Bihar and other states. different from India.
Speaking to media, KSU Laban Circle President Samla Reuben Najiar said that during the rally, the VHP members tried to incite the Christians by shouting slogans of They arrived in front of the Laban Presbyterian Church.
“I have suffered many tortures by the Assam Police, that happened because I didn't tell the truth when I spoke or told any truth to the people of Meghalaya, who used to come to I went to my village (Block-2).
The strike will continue from the 12th of this month, on Tuesday in front of the MBoSE office until further notice.
It is the custom for a woman to PUN and KHA a child, and to cleanse the child while he is pregnant.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated all the leaders and office bearers of the NPP who have worked hard to win the elections. Bah Lamphrang Blah who has been able to collect votes, even though the time is short.
This custom of the Bhoi is known as the ryndia or Shaw Mikir.
The Election Committee of the party has already examined all the documents of the candidates on 22nd June.
The cases include 19 cases in East Khasi Hills and these include 9 screened cases, 5 high risk cases, 4 foreigners and one soldier.
Both teams scored 10 goals each.
The election of leaders is to reshape society.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 151 polling stations in two constituencies.
In the coming days, the BJP will pass a law ban ban the consumption of beef across India,” said the AICC chief. Shillong, June 27: The Ministry of Arts and Culture, the state government has The Cultural Panorama Festival was held on 25th June, 2015 at Marngar Lake, Raid Marngar, Ri Bhoi District. Bah DD Lapang was the chief guest in the presence of Pooja Pandey, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District. District, M.War Nongbri, Director of Arts and Culture and others.
Your children may have chosen a course you don't want or maybe to work for a company you don't like or are proud of, but that doesn't mean you should blame them for their decision.
These three goals have helped Iawmulong Nartiang to win their first title from Pool D. Tomorrow the match will be between West Madan Mustem and Pynthorlangteiñ at 3.00 pm.
Those who attended the inspection included the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Kong RM Kurbah, Dr MM Mawrie, DMHO. Ri Bhoi and other senior officers in Ri Bhoi.
Because of this change of AICC ksiang here in Meghalaya, it is understood that MLAs who want to remove Mukul Sangma will have to wait until another ksiang is appointed from Delhi.
On the other hand, Sushil Kumar, Second Chief Minister of Bihar, has strongly criticized the Congress for involving Priyanka in politics because she has a husband who has been insulted.
Shillong: U Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC from Mairang, has surprised his fellow Congress MDCs by criticizing the party leaders while speaking on the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in the House. Batskhem has accused the ruling Congress leaders in the past three years of politicizing the CAB by protesting while they themselves, while in government, have not done anything to protest. Your Inner Line Permit (ILP) is not available to the public.
The BJP is called a Hindu party, the Congress is called an anti-Muslim party, the TMC is called a party of Bengalis, the NPP is called a party of Garo people. The UDP is called the Khasi Party and so on.
He said that they will continue their protest if the government does not take a decision or accept their demand, and they will stay overnight until they receive an invitation for talks from the government.
When inquired by the SSA members who visited the stadium, they expressed their disappointment to see the construction of the stadium because it is not suitable for hosting sports tournaments. players will find it very difficult to play.
The officer was deployed during the elections in Ampati.
The State Government on Tuesday sent an emergency survey team for the construction of a 40 feet high road in Shillong Thymmai.
He said that people are easier to meet the Congress candidate than Conrad who is the prime minister who has to travel around the country.
Regarding this incident, the KSU Girls' Wing urges the police department to take special action and arrest all those involved.
It seems that some people allege that judges conspire with pleaders to delay cases in order to earn more money.
Now it is a call to emerge not as followers but as leaders".
Basaiawmoit said the VPP party will stand up to eradicate corruption in the state and will not allow the present government to get corruption in the last five years. It has now appointed Chairman, Adviser and those who are MLAs and this shows that they have no intention of corruption and misappropriation of public money.
Because of this, the Dkhars started working by force and gradually they lost the ownership of these quarries, because the owners of the quarries could no longer control the Dkhars because they had given their consent from the beginning and only to be named. without bothering to work yourself.
Ukraine's military said 14 people were killed.
The opening ceremony was held to pay tribute to the 25th anniversary of his death as an MP and MLA.
what happened? They said, “Didn't we throw three men into the middle of the fire?” Behold, I see now that there are four of them. The free people, walking in the midst of the fire, have no feeling at all: the appearance of the fourth is like gods!.
On the opening day, a march in and swearing-in ceremony was held from 26 schools with a total of 1002 players including boys and girls.
However, the storm was said to have caused more damage in central Arkansas.
This is also part of the efforts to inform the public about the working methods of the leaders in the last five years as MLAs. On the other hand, this is also part of the opportunity for the opposition candidates to find reasons or ways to criticize the shortcomings of the candidate they are contesting against.
Seek immediate treatment:- If you are infected, clean the infected area with soap and water and go to the nearest health center for treatment.
The polling stations will be in Nongtyngur, Nongeitning and Mawlynnong.
Umphyrnai SC opened the scoring in the 4th minute through D.Kharkongor who scored three goals.
There are 5916 children who have benefited.
For example, if a constituency has 20,000 votes cast, each candidate should not receive less than 3,333 votes to avoid losing that T. 5,000 or T.10,000 at the time of registration.
“However, you can ask Bah Ba lajied whether he intends to join other parties,” he added.
Meanwhile, police conducted a massive search operation in the area to arrest the militants.
“We have elected our leaders whether in the Legislative Assembly or in KHADC and where our leaders make those laws that will protect, benefit and bring happiness to the indigenous people, then it is It is time for the indigenous people to work together with the authorities in charge of this issue so that our future will be bright for the present and especially for our future generations,” said the statement. news from these four Seng.
According to information received by KHNAM through RTI, it was announced that he was vacant on 17th July, 2013 and it was also found that another person named Surajit Bordoloi He has applied for the post since 30th November, 2012 which means that one year before he was dismissed he had already applied.
This is not enlightenment but slavery in one’s own country.
The meeting will also discuss the identification of shortcomings in the current implementation which can be achieved through the collaboration with the villages as VDPs. VDPs are involved in assisting the police force in maintaining peace and order, conducting patrols and preventing crimes such as robbery and theft.
After receiving the news, the state government has immediately searched for the two men and the examination is ongoing, said AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
It was also observed that at present, the residents of this area have been using the road which has been used by stone and timber vehicles. During the rainy season, the people face another problem and that is the lack of a bridge on the Mariong River in Chibra.
The driver and the driving policeman were taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for examination.
“The union understands that as nurses they have to register with any nursing council whether in Meghalaya or anywhere else, but when the Karuna Trust calls them to work as ANMs at the time of interview they did not ask for those syrnot, but suddenly they did this unacceptable thing.
The JHTOA has been firm, while the Union of Dewbilat Factories has not given any indication to implement the price announced by the government.
The court's decision was to evict 10 lakh villagers, as it was assumed that their ownership of the land in these different states had not been accepted.
The ceremony began with the Ryngkaw sacrifice, followed by the Chad Yung, the dance to the houses of the Raid children with the sound of bombs, tangmuri and others to pray with the suit ka shor.
The sad news received from the village is that it has received only a little from MNREGS, soil, water supply from PHE, Sub-Centre from Health, little from Forest (afforestation), Food and Consumer Affairs has received ration for 109 households, Power Department has received electricity and PWD has received roads. government departments have not yet benefited.
He said the party will announce the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections this month.
If they bring them, they will have to take responsibility if anything happens to them or if they do anything against the society in the village.
The number of people affected by the floods till last month till Sunday has reached 1.22 lakh across seven districts. reported the news.
He also has money in six bank accounts, T.87,592 in Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank, T.28,576 and T.10,600 in two SB accounts of HDFC Bank, T.153,383 in IDBI Bank. Rs 67,224 at Vijaya Bank and Rs 98,331 at ICICI Bank.
He is also a quiet person who likes to listen to what others are saying.
“The people have elected the government to protect the land of the people in the name of development,” said the CSWO. “It is a mistake to allow the rich to kill the people,” said the CSWO. The CSWO hopes that the establishment of the Executive Committee in KHADC will be successful. Listen and help the people of this village from the attack of NEEPCO and selfish interests.
The two organizations have submitted to him a petition to renew the job quota, to give more employment rights to students who are indigenous to the country. Meghalaya including Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in offices, hospitals and schools under the jurisdiction of the Government of India.
The tyrpad leaves were sold from Shella, Dawki, Pynursla and other areas.
“We assure the public that Topcem is committed to maintaining peace and order between the employees and the residents of the surrounding area who have a relationship with our company, and we also ensure that such incidents will not happen again in the future," said the company's management.
“There are two new songs and one of them, I Still Have Faith In You, will be broadcast on a television program broadcast by NBC and BBC. November 2018".
The incident prompted local religious groups to ask their members to leave the service on Saturday.
Teinwel said that since the EC of the UDA collapsed and only 14 MDCs remained, the group has now increased to 16 with the support of Congress MDC from Mairang Batskhem Ryntathiang. and MDC Grace from Nongshken.
“Members and leaders should have a strong mindset because the country needs young people who have a vision to protect humanity and protect it from the forces that can oppress and destroy it. “This is our small nation,” said Lambokstar and urged the youth to join the KSU. He said that membership in the KSU does not mean only for the students, but for all those who are still speaking. Think about the shon of the nation.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow.
“It has appeared in the media that they have not accused me of losing the mid-term elections in Rajabala,” he said.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstar Marngar, said that if any organization takes this issue, it will demand a revision of the Reservation Policy or the recruitment quota. The party will lend its right hand to support this issue.
The JHADC has postponed its dorbar lyuir scheduled to be held today for the passage of the 'Election to the Office of Dolloi' Rules dollops.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah PB Sylliang, said that the Union has no objection to the date chosen to end the Cherry Blossom Festival.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma said that the government has a great objective to develop the self-employed, because through them, it can develop the state in and especially for the improvement of income in the state as a whole.
He said that the Association has sent a letter against the proposal of various departments of the State Government to force the contractors to register their employees under the Employees Provident Fund under the EPFO ​​Act. law is for companies, large enterprises.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Titos W Chyne on Tuesday said that the allegation that the UDP is a Khasi Party is only misleading. The election to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) will be held on the 12th of this month.
There were two people aboard this fighter, an instructor and a trainee.
A few years ago, an armala bridge over the Brahmaputra River was built in Pandu.
They also informed that while the raid on trading licenses is ongoing, some shops of foreigners have closed their shops to avoid the raid.
He said that from time to time he has spoken and informed the government regarding the deterioration of these roads especially the excessive behavior of the contractors who do not take action to implement the roads. you shall not finish the work quickly.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 4: Leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS. They also expressed their surprise that the contractors who will construct the road have not yet started the work of repairing the road.
He said the expenditure on payment of employees has reached T.1.2 crore per month and the salaries of the employees have been suspended until January for six months.
On the other hand, we would like to congratulate all the political parties who have supported the demand for ILP.
BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai has requested the state government to rehabilitate all the PWD roads in his constituency.
Through this festival, young people or talented people can showcase their talents.
Also speaking were SAKSHAM Secretary Mithun Roy, P&O of Divyangjan, Kolkata and Tarun.
Mondal said the Meghalaya Government has been able to implement a Solar Cold Storage and Solar Food Processing Unit which will enable the efficient use of electricity in the State.
“After receiving the reply from the High Court, it is clear that we are eligible for the post, but now we have been waiting for more than two months but nothing has happened. to appoint us again,” she added.
Referring to education, he said, we need private universities because central universities have their own way of appointing Vice Chancellors from a few people.
In these states, some places will receive heavy rainfall and some places will receive heavy rainfall and this may continue until the 26th of this month.
New Delhi: Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court Prashant Bhushan has been fined Rs 100,000 for speaking against the court.
He said that the election campaign of the AITC has been conducted smoothly by the IPAC. For about six months, the President of the AITC in the state, Bah Charles Pyngrope, has expressed his regret over the intention to assist the IPAC. IPAC to the Congress because he said that the IPAC cannot do this because the TMC has relied on the IPAC. with yours.
Besides, Bah Paul said that the festival has attracted 22,991 visitors from all over the country.
The President of the party from Delhi, sent his condolences to those who lost their lives in the floods.
The resumption of Adhaar registration will start from the last month of June
Dr Sudhir Gupta, head of the AIIMS investigation, told India Today that Sushant's death was a suicide and the murder had nothing to do with it.
On the other hand, KSU South East Khasi Hills District President Reebok Diengdoh said that when the KSU arrested these workers, it informed the OC and SDPO of Sohra.
