The Congress government is in turmoil these days in various parts of India and in just a few months, two Congress governments have fallen, one in Arunachal Pradesh. and for a few days in Uttarakhand.
The Registrar General of the Court has also been directed to issue an announcement in the newspapers on this notice from the Court so that those families who have lost their loved ones in jail since they shall appear before the judgment seat.
In the midst of the suffering of the children of Israel in Egypt, God sent protection to deliver them when they were 430 years in Egypt, because God remembered His covenant between Abraham, Isaac and Jacob who are God's people.
“The problem now falls on the teachers because the Government cannot work.
“Disrespecting the flag of India means that it is an illegal act that affects the dignity of the country,” he said.
“Where is the minister in charge of the land department, they want to know what the government has done,” he said.
“In Meghalaya you see and hear about corruption whether it is in coal, in the collapse of the House and others.
Upper Marskuika beat St. Xavier's SS 1-0, Marskuiñ SCSC beat Mawpun FT 3-1, Sib Singh Memorial Govt.
We are a small nation and therefore unity is very important especially at this time when the nation is facing persecution from time to time.
Shillong, Lber 29: Langsning Xl beat Spartan CC by three wickets in the Shillong Cricket League Super Division 2024 today.
In 2005, a Building Grant was received from the Border Area Office and a building was constructed on the land purchased from Kong Bless Manar.
When the meeting ended without any result, the leaders left and continued the protest in front of the DC Office from 11 am to 2 pm.
Bah Sohkhlet hoped that this will not be the first time that the KHADC will honor journalists, but will continue from year to year for other journalists in the state.
According to NEHUSU, more than 100 BA 5th Semester students have come to discuss with the Union regarding the marks of NEHU. About 151 students from different colleges have come to express their gratitude. their experience in the organization.
The establishment of Self Help Groups as groups to help improve income or poverty alleviation programmes.
If the ecological balance is maintained, our lives will be sustainable and happy.
China has reported 28 new cases of covid-19, including two in Beijing, bringing the total number of cases in the past few days to
Through this National Lok Adalat, 946 cases have been heard and 166 cases have been resolved at a cost of T.69,67,018.44 lakh.
Your genl.
“They cannot be forced to stay in the party and their decision must be welcomed,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Garobada cold storage has not been operational since 2008 and those who have taken over the cold storage have complained that the cold storage has caused huge losses due to the lack of electricity.
He said that the state police department will continue to conduct raids to free Assam from all kinds of illegal activities.
b) The pH of the water collected from the stream from Ngam July, below Mawryngkneng (East Khasi Hills) is 6.4, 6.3 and 6.36 (slightly acidic).
Rev. Dr. Thomas Menamparanpil SDB Archbishop Emeritus, Guwahati has received the NE Peace Award for his contribution to World Peace and also established the Peace Center in Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Working Committee of the All India Catholic Union (AICU) has held a two-day meeting at the Moreau Institute of Integral Training (MIIT) in Brookdene, Jowai Road here. Shillong on 16th and 17th June
It was seen that the Magistrates and Police have gathered together to arrest the people who shouted that they will not allow the dorbar because they do not accept to hold the dorbar by anyone except the Secretary whom the village has elected. let's talk about Wanswett.
Notably there will be three election rally in Dulong, Loompyrdi and Chiliang Raij.
Through this donation, farmers will receive assistance of 5000 tyngka to develop agriculture in the state.
“Shisha Lydia, I will take you away... Don't be afraid, for I have loved you with all my heart.
The HNLC has therefore decided to cancel its curfew on July 3, out of concern for the impact on the workers.
Police have also seized a Maruti Gypsy No.ML04-3186 which is suspected to have a No.plate.
Now, with the withdrawal of the NPP, Biren Singh's prime minister's seat is in grave danger.
This is the first time I've heard of “Drone Based Large Scale Mapping of Rural Abadi Areas.
He added that the estimate has been submitted and the tender has been called and the work order has been issued to the contractor.
East Jaintia Police, on learning of this, have lodged a case against him and his fellow members including Michal Chyrmang and Kyrshan Blah from Khliehriat.
He said that there are farmers who go for treatment at the Center but they don't get any medicine and he will write to the MLA of the area to bring a dispensary at the centre.
And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.
Wanbor, a 29-year-old member of the HNLC, has been away from home for 12 years and was accompanied by his parents and relatives. The SP, Bah M.Kharkrang, said that u Lung is also a member of the HNLC who has escaped from the police custody in the past few days. Wansing Umlong, Muh, who is also a member of the HNLC, was arrested on the 8th of this month at Lad Balki, Dangar. ktem that police.
And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season. .
It has worked hard, until the report it has submitted is very accurate, and has brought relief to the state governments in the country.
Francis RR Songthiang and Lorenza Songthiang are the sons of Anita Songthiang of Laitkor Kynton Mon. Ribhalin Marbaniang is the son of Bianglin Marbaniang of Umkynrud Kynjat. Ilawankmen Nongbri is the daughter of Liverson Kharnadu, resident of Lawsohtun Block-4
The Lamphang said the convening of the dorbar will depend on the government's responsibility to inform the Prime Minister that he will announce the convening of the dorbar.
Evangelist Nicholas Khongwar.
The supporters started throwing stones at the police, CRPF and employees inside the office.
The Nangbah Dorbar Shnong held on 19th November 2022 has decided to support the incumbent MDC Lakhon Biam, but the appearance of the former Nangbah MDC to contest the election has led to the constituency having four candidates. candidates so far.
All these show that the government does not take into account not only the demands of the teachers but also their rights.
It doesn’t mean that the government shouldn’t borrow, but it needs to do things.
“Those people don't have any feelings for the nation, they believe in internationalism, they don't care about the nation.
In his speech, Mukul also touched upon the issue of illegal influx of people into the state, which is a long standing issue, including the border dispute between the state and Assam. Bangladesh.
The Association also reminds the clubs to renew their registration with the Association and also to inform the Association if they hold any tournaments.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: A driver of a truck has lost his life after a clinker truck (WB 91 8529) collided with another truck on Tuesday night. night at a remote area in Shangbangla which is a place where accidents happen most often.
“These are my friends who want to talk to you about what you told me earlier,” said the friend. "I've met this woman before," said the man and looked at Marchborn's mother's friend. "It's true that we are," said Marchborn's mother. “I'm sure I'll get you because I've lost my will to my Khasi friends,” said Bah. “I'm very happy that you said that,” said Marchborn.
The Seng Khasi Mawlaingut has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri PS on the 3rd of this month.
Wise, far-sighted, patriotic leaders like Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nongbah and Wickliffe Syiem did not want or desire honor but the mountains gathered their fellow citizens to think together.
The EKHDCA will continue to conduct such programs in the rural areas.
There was also a statement by Bill Gates in 2015, where he said "if anything kills more than 10 million people in the next decade, it will not be war but it will be viruses”.
It cannot be said that it also exposes the strategy of the British government to rule and divide the kingdom.
When parents start their own business, while they are alive, the business is good, when they die, their children don't know how to do their job because they don't agree to work together since they are young. shrink.
At present, there is a PMGSY scheme to rebuild the road from Phlangtyngor, but the work is still pending.
They also accused the KSU of not understanding this, and also accused the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people of being inferior in terms of knowledge compared to foreigners.
Mawthadrashan block4:Andycameo Marsiangbai,NongkasenMawthadrashan block5:Mayorlin lyngkhoi,Nongnah NongktiehRannikor block6:Shongdorlang RyntathiangShilliang ktieh, Sohiong block7:Beltina SohkhletLadmawrengba, MawalajithemCwollingkurblock9: Michellegrace SunnLower Mawprem Lum Sohphoh Shillong11: Shillong, Mawpat Block 12: Wankerlin Kharlukhi Diengpasoh Jaroit, Mawryngkneng Block 13: Banisha Umdor Syadrit, Umsning Block ThiangMawiapbang, Umsning Block17:Cornelius SohkhletNongshyrngan, Pynursla Block18:Denis Shillong Block 19: Francis G Momin Lumshyiap, Langkyrding Pynthorumkhrah Block I am also in Kolkata. I am suffering from the problems of the people of Kolkata.
“The Minister also promised that they will do their utmost to reduce the incidence of this disease within this year, and that it will not affect the tourists, especially the tourists. to the residents of Mawlai.
In the women's category, Marqueenless Ramsiej came second, followed by Sarojani in second and Bandasharai Marwein in third.
The song is composed by Kiwan, directed by Rockyland Laloo and edited and colored by Sienbha Rymbai.
Therefore, these speakers in this program stressed that we should avoid alcohol and drugs and we should also work together for the eradication of these alcoholic beverages and others. other evil deeds that affect the youth, the family and even the society, where if we have that cooperation we can eradicate these alcoholic beverages and other evil deeds, the added.
Those who do not want to be injected should test themselves once every 40 days.
“Football is in pain and that is why we are playing naked today,” said Gerrit.
Because there are those who take loans from banks to buy arshaka just to earn money, this ban by the RTA will put them in trouble even if they cannot pay the loans they have taken.
After the elections, Modi personally came to Shillong to witness the swearing-in ceremony of Conrad K Sangma as Prime Minister.
The SP had to flee the scene after the Karbi paid.
The Chief Minister also wrote on Twitter that the David Scott Trial is about 16 kilometers away and takes about 4.5 hours to walk.
Besides the custom of protecting the land, there are also some other issues that require legislators who are smart and stingy to learn and pass laws like Bah JJM Nichols Roy, to improve the following :- 1.
They also said that under the rule of the BJP, there have been many problems which have upset not only the people in the state, but also the states in the North East. One was on the announcement to ban the consumption of beef and another was on the proposal to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, in which they said that all these are secret plans by the BJP. They also said that it is because of the Congress that the BJP has not been able to achieve these goals.
In the past few days, the residents of the state have been afraid to eat cow meat after it was found to have Lumpy Skin Disease. in the snow.
Dallang Sangma also tied 24 runs off 28 balls.
" (Mt.11:28).
The new registration of ration consumers will also start, in which up to five types of food will be introduced from the four existing types of food items.
The Budget Dorbar with the participation of more than 13 MDCs was held on Monday in the KHADC Dorbar Hall to discuss the budget.
JOWAI: Up to 26 youths from Jowai and surrounding villages have come to participate in the Referee's Clinic cum Refresher Course conducted by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) and The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has appointed as referees to conduct the football match.
They were arrested by Assam police with ammunition from the railway station in Guwahati.
Police and Magistrates along with two MDCs from Ri-Bhoi, Bah James Sylliang of Mawhati and Bah Donkupar Sumer to Umsning Constituency.
For candidates applying for the first time through online mode, a one-time registration process is required to enable them to apply against the advertised vacancies/posts.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 01: The Sharak Rural Development Society (NGO) on Saturday held a dance competition as part of the International Dancing Day. shad in Nongstoin.
On the other hand, MPCC President DD Lapang expressed his condolences on the passing away of Bah Nongtdu.
Evergreen Mukhla SC scored the third goal through Teddyson Bang in the 90+1 minutes to make it 3-2
It was agreed that those who entered Assam before 24.3.1971 shall be recognized as Indian citizens but those who entered after that date shall be expelled.
The Kurs, Jaits and Khas (of Sister Ardaka Tariang) from near and far.
It has now been 13 days since the plane went missing at 1.21 pm Malaysian time.
Man is not satisfied with what he has or gets, but he wants to get more and be superior to others or superior to others, and they don't understand that this is the formula of Satan, because Satan want to be most higher than other angels and higher than God.
On the other hand, the journalists also had the opportunity to inspect each of the Pisa collection gates in the area and found that among these collection gates there are those who do not have the order and the singnboard. However, they charged money when the coal trucks came while those who had the order and signboard charged more than the price they were entitled to according to the order.
The results announced include Science, Commerce and Vocational.
He said that the Utilization Certificate was issued by the DFO, SF Division, Jowai at a cost of T.26,32,6
Zenith Sangma alleged that the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has given permission to collect illegal tax from coal trucks on NH
There are about 2,000 Meitei families from Manipur and Assam who have lived in many parts of Mizoram, including Aizawl, for many years and have worked in many jobs including government jobs. those who study and those who do business.
press ...," and some of the people who apologized at this time.
MeECL has applied for environmental impact permit for the implementation of the second phase of the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project (MLHEP-II).
It is learned that for those who are sick, the owners who need to collect money to give to the workers have stopped.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lad Mawreng, Bah Jores Sun, members of the Village Committee and Members of the KSU Upper Shillong Circle were also present on the occasion. KSU Upper Shillong Circle President.
“Child marriage affects the body, health and not only for them but for the community,” she said.
The photograph was taken by passers-by of the locked market at the market in Luoyang, China, on Tuesday.
Sohra: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Dr. Donkupar Roy, today announced that Sohra will get its own district next year. of South East Khasi Hills District.
Regarding the coaches, Bah Ian said that at present the state or the Union does not have a full time coach, but most of the time they have to come from abroad, but he feels that as in other sports. The state needs to have its own full-time coach.
“This action of the government is a violation of human rights,” he said.
Officials from the Forest Department including Range Forest Officer, Wildlife Range, JW Dkhar, Divisional Officer, Social Forestry, Bah GG Marwein, Bah HJana, Rangbah Shnong Nongthymmai, Bah S. Mawlong, BMC officials, teachers and students from 8 schools in Umsning area.
The funds are for the construction of buildings including training rooms, working rooms, accommodation and other facilities.
pateng-la-pateng: which cannot be spoken of for many years.
“For a while they became friends,” he said. “If a Khasi man sells land, a Dkhar, he loses his land,” he said. “In Mawlai, there are no Dkhars who work in Napit. “If you send Khasi women to sit on the ground, the Dkhar will win”.
Shillong: The Land Protection Cell of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today demanded that the state government should immediately cancel the notification of 1951 which is the notification for Block I and Block II. shall be handed over to the administrator of Mikir Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The CSWO has suddenly granted bail to the DTO (District Transport Officer) of Jowai, C Khonglam, who is accused of raping two 14-year-old girls. 12 years from 2014 to November 2015 while they were dating him.
The roads have remained the same since the time of the British government and after the Assam government, schools have been closed down, offices have been closed down, there is no sufficient space to walk and stand, the markets have been closed down. There was no place for them to stand, but they were thrown from the right to the left.
“I will also pay more attention to child health, especially the infant mortality rate (IMR) and maternal mortality rate (MMR). ) and to improve health facilities for women, especially in rural areas".
The Meteorological Department (IMD) in Telangana has forecast heavy rainfall with thunderstorms and wind speeds of 30-40 KMPH. , in which it said that this will happen in many places in Bhadradri, Kothagudem, Khammam, Nalgonda, Suryapet, Siddipet, Yadadri Bhuvangiri, Rangareddy, Hyderabad, Medchal Malkajgiri, Vikarabad, Medak, Nagarkurnool and Wanaparthy districts. Telangana on Sunday.
According to sources, the incident happened on the night of the 10th of this month at about 12:30 pm when the fire broke out. shops.
When they got the job, they praised God every moment and on Sundays, ani wow, they brought a songbook, they arrived at the church ten hours before the service started, with a lot of praise. , to show that they are pious, while at work, they arrive after 2 hours and leave 1 hour before leaving work.
It is learned that the 51-year-old actor has to pay GST.
KHNAM also strongly condemns the statement of the Chief Minister who said that he will not call for talks with the HNLC. He said that the state government has sent a proposal to select two ksiang to create the mechanisms for peace talks with the HNLC. Roshan Warjri confirmed that the names of the two ksiang have been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs of India, and recalled the government's statement as a sign of the opening of the you can talk peacefully.
Furthermore, the most important demand is that a special inquiry should be conducted into the death of the young woman by the Meghalaya and Rajasthan governments so that all the darkness can be revealed. and also that the girl and her family members will get a fair trial, they added.
The HNYM was led by Donald Muktieh, President of Ri Bhoi District and members of the HNYM. , is that they are very concerned about the reputation of Byrnihat, which has gained the reputation as the most polluted area in the spiritual life of the people.
There are critics, who have made this writer very angry and one of them, said, “U rupang te kat u rupang, he has received news, which is very interesting and sometimes I laugh, da I fell from my sleep, until I was sick.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister expressed his gratitude by saying that all this is through the blessings of God. encouragement to implement this project in the District and the State as a whole.
The MLA said that the farmers in the border areas of Mawsynram constituency earn lakhs of rupees a year from selling kwai but this time they are in shock and grief over the death. the sword of the tree.
However, if the goal is to get this head of state in the state by the Khasi elders, perhaps there are only a few things that should not be asked.
He said these bills have been pending since April
He said that the MP of Shillong should know that Meghalaya, which has a large Christian population, has received all the schemes of the Central Government whether it is the supply of water to households through the JJM, the construction of houses through the JJM. PMAY, gas connection under Ujwala, distribution of foodgrains under PMGKY and most importantly the injection of covid vaccine, which has saved the people of the State from the terrible disease.
There was a confusion among some people in Suriohidur who said: “That the sons of shipiah who marry Khasi women shall be accepted as Khasi in the Khasi Hills.
The Supreme Court has issued an interim order in June last year, setting a time limit for the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to implement the not according to the Sixth Scheduled for up to 6 months.
Last year, there was only one examination center in Shillong, but those who wanted to take admission in colleges not affiliated to NEHU but affiliated to Central Universities had to go abroad like Guwahati. and there are also those who have to write examinations in Rajasthan.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong said that after a while, the residents of the village came out to clear the ground which had covered these two houses. He went to the place where they had already removed the garbage and the hands that had been destroyed by these houses.
In a statement sent by its general secretary Shaniahlang Suchen, HANM said that since the beginning of the lockdown, the vendors have taken advantage of the opportunity to sell beverages and it has affected the poor, especially those who live in poverty. hand in word to provide for their needs at home.
At the same time, KSU Jaiaw Circle urges and informs all the residents of the village to apply for documents such as work permit, police verification from the place of origin. to verify that they have received permission and that they can perform any work within the stipulated time.
The son of the woman said that the doctors (NEIGRIHMS) on Tuesday managed to remove the thyrnia at about 1 pm.
Everyone has the right to follow or accept any religion of their choice without any coercion.
Forward Pdang scored two goals (32, 63) and Reformer Bareh scored two goals (61).
All schools will have wi-fi by October 31,
However, the quality of these products depends on the places brought by the people from the regions, he said.
While sleeping that night she had a dream that further confirmed her hypothesis.
He said that the lack of road is one of the reasons for the deterioration of the market and he requested the government to look into the road so that the market can be improved. the rim is gone.
Therefore, it said to set up a special team of experts to carry out the work in this regard which will be called the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV).
In the UDP, we don't talk about that good news.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, President of Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association as the chief guest in the presence of James H Mawphniang, General Secretary of KSU North Khasi Hills and other dignitaries. Umsning Sports & Cultural Club.
It is true as this writer says, and we cannot count or describe the rise of knowledge today and knowledge has also elevated man to a higher rank than all of God's fellow creatures.
“With the construction of the Mawkhanu Sports Complex, the state will be able to host national and international events,” he said.
For this we are grateful to the Christian missionaries but we have to turn back to the customs and traditions which teach and encourage us to protect nature because it gives us life and inspiration.
The Governor said that the government has also implemented the assistance to the surrendered members under the Revised Scheme for Surrender-cum-Rehabilitation of Militants in the North East.
He said that the department will announce the time from what time to what time they will close the road so that the people can know in advance and leave from another place.
Khliehriat, July 20: The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that according to the law, it is prohibited to carry any licensed arms. This is on the implementation of the Arm Act 1959 to avoid any tragic incident during the holding of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly the state.
With this increase, the price of petrol and diesel has reached its highest price ever.
When the BJP came to power, it set three controversial election manifesto which it intends to achieve and they are:1
The government needs to send a detailed report on the implementation of this scheme or to conduct an audit and make it public whether it has really benefited the residents so that we can understand whether it has been. There is no time to demand the abolition of this scheme.
Not everyone comes to a feast just to eat.
These temples were commanded by God to be built in ancient times when God still accepted the use of the blood of animals to offer sacrifices to God in the Old Testament.
Through this day, the Raid Nongpoh, although it has not held this Shad Sajer for 20 years, but the men and women from the Raid Nongpoh and other Raids under the Nongpoh Sirdarship have participated in the Shad Sajer. They will perform traditional dances, music and songs as part of the revival of the Shad Sajer festival of the Raid Nongpoh.
The credit for holding this international day goes to the Central Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Furthermore, the union through this statement informs the residents of Bataw Village to collect their Registration Form from the Secretary of the Education Cell, Bah Ampli Rupsi within the 4th of this month. They must also provide a passport size, zero copy of Village Certificate and Election form (EPIC Election will be for those who are 18 years of age and above).
Leh rich thyrneng without naia, too much color for the power.
The union has already spoken to the previous DC of the district regarding the dumping of land by the contractor into the rivers, but the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board should consider. The Contractor has not been punished yet.
Ms Ampareen also spoke about her family who since the time of her father, Bah Peter G Marbaniang has been a public servant as MLA and MP from Shillong and has to follow in the footsteps as much as possible.
Pa'iem Niwell Shadap, Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah Lungsing Bey, President of RUPA Ri-Bhoi Zone, Bah Alos Nongpoh and other elders of the village, were pleased after the BDO He promised to help as much as he could from his office.
Although he died 188 years ago, as a nation it is through Syiem Tirot Singh who has taught to the future generations how to serve the country and the nation through love, so that the present and future generations will continue. shine.
The same bill will be passed in the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
James Lyngdoh, Working President of the MPCC, said that in Meghalaya, the party has held a protest at Congress Bhavan in large numbers and also carried cards to express its opposition to the examination. You are not safe because you have the COVID-19 pandemic.
Therefore, the NEP should not work unilaterally and divide colleges and students but should work together when it is implemented next year and not from now,” said Vice President Easterson Sohtun.
The service started on the 3rd and ended on Sunday.
(Awake,rise,or be perished).
Zone A will be held in Pune, Maharashtra, Zone B will be held in Goa and the final will be held in Delhi.
On Tuesday, odd numbered vehicles will pass, on Friday, even numbered vehicles, on Tuesday, odd numbered vehicles and on Saturday, even number.
“The signing of this soskular and the final meeting with the MHA will be within this month,” Conrad said in the House.
When the husband heard the words of the scientist, he was very sad and wanted to tell a story to explain to him about God but he did not have time because there were so many people.
Now, you have to think out.
The second place went to Pyrda Secondary School and the fourth place went to Seng Khasi Secondary School.
Shillong, June 13: While one of the journalists was asking Mukul Sangma whether he will reshuffle his cabinet, but at that time, before the prime minister answered, , there was a strong earthquake, which was felt as if it had shaken the Secretariat office.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: After receiving an order from the NGT that only those who have already paid various taxes can transport their coal, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (JYC) Jaintia Hill District has found that The HYC has received a complaint from the government employees and bank employees who have taken advantage of them.
“We urge those who want to join the party to work for the welfare of the people and not to join the party for personal gain,” he said. Dkhar.
Although the religious groups demand the repeal of the Act, the rulers will not listen but will continue as they did with the voice of the people at that time and the border protesters now.
You will conclude that they are not just making mud here.
The price of the iPhone 14 Pro (128 GB) is about T.1.19 lakh but because of the low price, the young man with a spirit of happiness bought the phone from these bars. state.
Shillong: U Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday admitted that the Congress party's defeat in the Shella by-election was due to the lack of support.
Regarding the statement that “It would be better if Kong F. Marngar should leave because there is no other way” as it appeared in the media, she said, “What else? I don't know why I don't want to forgive, but I don't want to forgive. “Not only that, Kong F.Marngar said that she didn't have any reason with these journalists who demanded forgiveness, but the She expressed her surprise that why the MLA has not explained himself if his demand of Rs 1 crore is wrong. The MLA said that he is not the one who demanded the Rs 1 crore but he blamed his plidar for what he demanded. ? If you don't have an appeal, the Court will accept your decision.
Shillong: The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Secretary to the Prime Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday expressed his confidence that the National People's Party (NPP) will win the Shillong Parliamentary seat in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June.
And it is to these that man makes a prayer-sacrifice, or a name of thanksgiving to the Lei-Longspah.
One of the photographers, Gareth Owen, found a car scrap yard or car graveyard on a hill in Wales and the place was known as called Cavern of Lost Souls.
However, I am pleased to say that this is a blessing in disguise that the constituency has received,” said Bah Adelbert.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Waheh Chnong of Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Chnong, Kitbok Rymbai as the Chief Guest, while Edy Shylla as the Symbud Chief Guest in the presence of other invitees.
“Due to the failure of both the Transport Department and the Enforcement Inspectors to implement the new fare from the date announced by the government, the loss has reached Rs 1.23 crore. to the government budget,” said the report.
Even the government has not taken action and this is a threat to the nation.
All those conducting these activities should strictly follow the guidelines issued by the government departments of the state government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
On the same day, the Governor met with the MDCs of Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), Tura and suggested that they should use the funds properly and implement them accordingly.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that the ban by the Transport Department on the use of Rapido Bikes under Section 66, Sub Section 1 of the MV Act Thousands of youths who used to live in this job, especially in these times of unemployment for the youth.
Compared to the State Legislative Assembly, the staff of the Assembly takes the responsibility of providing the documents to the seats of the journalists and these documents are also delivered ahead of time. The Budget Book was also opened.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC) has informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo.
The ceremony was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA of the constituency, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej. Herbert Kharkongor, Police Officer Br.
The cost of purchasing 25 ambulances for the NHM is T.4.5 crore and the remaining amount is T.3,45,11,4
However, those who duplicate are not truly involved in politics.
Unstoppable is expected to start shooting in the coming months and could be released by
They also planned to purchase a Full-Body Scanner to detect hidden drugs in connection with the smuggling of drugs.
Dr.R.Pyrtuh, BDO Saipung Block, praised the village for becoming one of the cleanest and most beautiful villages in East Jaintia Hills with the presence of trees planted around it and encouraged the villagers. people in this village continue to be clean.
They said that the Rangbah Shnong has already visited the PHE office to discuss the problem faced by the residents of the village, as the water tanks in the village are broken. The filter to treat the water has been broken and has not been working for about a year, but the PHE department has not done anything yet.
The election for the 1st Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya will be held on 27th June 2023, after the expiry of the five-year term. There are 60 constituencies in the state.
Charles Pyngrope said the AITC party leaders have gone ahead to prepare the party for the 2023 elections.
Therefore, if we look closely at these factors and look closely at their alliances, it appears that the BJP is stronger than the Meghagatbandhan.
According to reports, although China on Tuesday announced that on Monday it had ended the deployment of its air and naval forces in the sea near Taiwan, On Tuesday, the Taiwanese Defense Ministry found that Chinese ships and aircraft were still around and near Taiwan.
However, the Public Information Officer (PIO) of the Ministry of Education, Bah BS Sohliya, in reply to an RTI question by Agness Kharshiing, said that the report is not with the Ministry of Education.
“I am sick because we are sitting here to demand what we deserve,” said Babu Mayborn.
Dr. Jemino also gave the example of the two District Councils by saying that in KHADC under the leadership of Bah Titos WChyne as CEM, the EC is strong and stable until now as well as in JHADC. However, he said that in politics, there is always a lot of conflict every day but what is needed is how to restore and strengthen the rule of law.
Haman sought to destroy all the Jews, even the people of Mordecai, that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus.
Many Nepalis in the past, There were many land owners, Since the death of their boss, Nepalis have stayed.
His father also forgave him, welcomed him home with a great feast and dressed him in new shoes and clothes.
However, they only cooperate and support him when he performs rituals to fulfill his duties and customs.
' he added.
When inquired from the office of the SDO Pynursla, it is understood that it has already sent to the relevant authorities to provide assistance to the victims, but it may take longer, as the government has to travel. and set the rules exactly.
Speaking on the VPP, Paul said that out of the 12 districts, the VPP is only in East Khasi Hills, while the Congress has lost power. The NPP is allied with the BJP, and this will be the best opportunity for the UDP candidate to reach the goal.
Leaders of the village including Bah Dobel Thabah, M Thabah, and Secretary of Lenpdengshnong Village have met with the DC to explain to him that he should stop the fair. at the fair.
“If the Prime Minister wants to discuss the views, we will discuss, because the views of the people and the people who have grown up and lived abroad are different,” said Bah Ardent.
Daïamon Makhroh scored four goals in the 1st, 14th, 45th and 56th minutes.
He said that these buildings will be like the prefab building in Umling Ribhoi District and can be completed within three months at a cost of less than T.3 crore. .
The purpose of education is not only to get a book for a child but to prepare a child to give back to society.
Speaking on the district, he said that he was one of those who gathered to demand the district in Sohra.
In Tura, Mawkyrwat and Ranikor, government officials will be deployed as there will be no mid-term elections in South Tura and Ranikor.
Dawki: The traders in Dawki, especially the exporters of coal and ore who export to Bangladesh, have demanded that the government should remove Bah Heipor Passah. , because he doesn't take care of his job, because most of his seats are empty and his absence from his workplace has disrupted the trade from India to Bangladesh and brought also a loss to the government.
“Ri Bhoi District is surrounded by borders where the Assamese are fighting to cross the border and occupy the land of Ri Bhoi District as there is a need for unity in the community so that foreigners cannot attack. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Sulein in his last speech as President of the party.
There have been cases where many vehicles have broken down, stopped halfway and completely disrupted traffic.
I dare to say that if any of the BJP leaders in the country dare to come to Meghalaya and say that it is Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi, they will have no power over the lives of residents of Meghalaya.
The PWD department should ensure the smooth running of all the works to complete the new Legislative Assembly, he said.
In Spain, southern France, Italy, and Greece, mealtimes are often private, social gatherings, often involving children, friends, and family.
Before I came into the world.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills FC beat Laban Sports Club 4-2 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at Polo Ground.
It is worth mentioning that the state government has invited the civil society including the Khasi and Garo civil society on 31st June but the Khasi civil society has refused. They demanded that the government should first invite Bah Ardent to speak who has been on hunger strike since the 23rd. They demanded that the government should hold this meeting in Tura.
Shillong, Nailar 6: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been blocked by the police during the protest against the Secretariat. When he wanted to stand with the people at the Secretariat, the police chiefs blocked the way for Bah Ardent to turn forward but he told them that he too is a leader of the people. “I have the same rank as Mukul Sangma, but he is only the head of the Secretariat. Head of the Secretariat,” said Bah Ardent in front of police chiefs who tried to block his way.
As soon as he entered the room, the officer asked him to provide Bhalang's marksheet and school certificate because he had left the post.
“We in the VPP will carry a lot of money.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kegitar Lyngdoh, Deputy Manager Monitoring & Evaluator (DM-M&E). Riban Dkhar, SM-Training Specialist and welcome speech by Niwancy Bareh, Deputy Manager, Environment Management.
The race will be held through Ladthadlaboh Main Road – Jowai Public School – Gate Polytechnic – Kshaid Rymphum – Salaroh – Dulong Poh-hali Road – Dulong – Pamhadem – Panaliar (Civil Hospital) – Iongpiah – Mission Compound – H.K.Singh School – DC Office – New Hill – National Highway and ended at the Stadium.
Therefore, due to the lack of sufficient answers, these discussions and questions have disappeared after the election of the new Doloi. This is the Rymbai district in the Jaintia Hills.
We must unite and fight against such evil deeds.
He said that the students are worried about getting admission, because other universities have announced for master degree; The ABVP Shillong has requested the management of NEHU University to do everything possible to release the results.
He became Head Master of the school in
“We are committed to not only providing treatment but also early detection of any disease," he told reporters.
The actions of these MLAs from the HSPDP are not to join the party, but to support the formation of a government which is their right to do so when the people have empowered them to be the party. representative of the region.
It is the Chief Minister who will explain the purpose of the agenda, and then they will follow up to discuss and demonstrate it. and the rest they broke and threw away.
Shillong, Lber, 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the appointment of Consultants is necessary in the implementation of various Externally Aided Projects (EAPs) and their duties. various departments of the Central Government in the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Although the exact place where the demon worship is held is not known, according to rumors, there are many places where such worship is held. demons in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas.
No government can immediately change the Reservation Policy because this issue affects the world.
After this, the employees of the DTO office said that they have not received the documents.
New Delhi, July 16: The Congress party today decided not to nominate Rahul Gandhi, Vice President of the party, as the prime ministerial candidate. As the MRD candidate, the Congress has announced him as the leader of the party's Lok Sabha MP campaign.
Luti Tuber Ïalong and Mulang Ïalong have won the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy.
Tomorrow, Sabahmuswang will play against 7 Wasa at 3 pm.
The investigation into the corruption allegations is also focused on how the Russian and Qatari authorities are able to host the World Cup in the coming years, US law enforcement officials told reporters.
He also appealed to the fans to give their right hand and left hand to win the election, with the love and trust as they have loved him in the past years. “Give your full support to me and the UDP party so that we can win from Sohiong constituency in this election”.
A Bolero camper (AS-03E-7175) was also burnt down in Killing.
Major PRT Gurdon, who was DC of Eastern Bengal and the area in the 1900s, who was also the founder of the Polo Ground in Shillong, was mentioned in his book The Khasis criticized the customs and traditions of the Dorbar.
Please prepare for that day.
On this basis, the joint committee has decided to continue to ban the trucks carrying niut to unload niut in Marten which falls within the boundary of Sam of Mawlai village.
Yess Meghalaya is a program to empower the youth and its implementation has been successful and many youth have come forward and he urged the youth and groups to register themselves so that the government can provide support.
The NDA government will come back to power in Delhi and it is important that we have NDA candidates to be elected from our state.
This transition from follower to leader took eight years.
He called upon believers to have a strong relationship with the Gospel of Christ and to have the power to overcome persecution.
The ILP will help to prevent the floods.
Nongpoh Naiwieng 12: The students of Ri Bhoi College, one of the oldest educational institutions in Ri Bhoi District, today concluded the 36th Annual College Week of the students. held at the ground floor of the college.
“We welcome any development work even the T.20 crore of KHADC which has promised to improve the roads in the area but this money alone cannot improve the bad roads in the area. region", he added.
In the past two days, police have seized 400 grams of heroin, two bikes, a vehicle and cash worth T.5.5 lakh in East Khasi Hills.
Every year, the tyngshop accompanies his wife to the Met Gala and this year he decided to avoid this to welcome the players of Wrexham FC to play and watch by bus.
Mawkyrwat, June 13: The Seven Sister Secondary School, Mawmitbah today launched the Annual School Sports Meet (ASSM) 2023 in which the Red House was one of the four houses. The tournament was held at the Mawsaw Sports and Cultural Club, South West Khasi Hills District.
BSF Shillong Frontier Deputy Inspector Parveen Bakshi said that by the end of 2022, 90% of the signboards will be completed on the border between India and Bangladesh.
The two new roads are one from Seiñduli to Siangra which is about two to three kilometers and the other from Thiepjaphlang to Umshynrut which is about five to six kilometers.
“The shooting of our brothers and sisters in Mukroh is unacceptable to the KSU and we cannot forget the blood of our brothers and sisters. We urge the residents of Mukroh to prepare their sword and spear because we can no longer trust the Assam government and we no longer trust this government. He said that the Meghalaya Police in Mukroh did not protect the people but fled instead of firing at them. “This incident has shocked us that we should not sit idly by but we will show our actions,” said Bah Suchiang.
Raynell Kharbuki (EKH) won the men's title.
On this special occasion, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of Bah HF Pariat, General Manager RF. MBMA, Bah A. Suting, Deputy Project Director, MLAMP, MBMA and other government officials of South West Khasi Hills District, parents, youth and children of Nongkdait-Nongtwah.
Speaking to media, Momin said, “After I took over as president, I was ready to strengthen the party with the help of the party workers and supporters.
“Of course, even if you count the population ratio, the 40:40 ratio has affected the Khasi because the Khasi are more paid than the Garo, but the The retrospective review of the roster system has put a lot of pressure on the Khasi youth today because they don't get even 40%.
The mining of coal has flowed abroad to Bangladesh and other states of India because there are no land to use.
Ranvijay Singh, SP (Rural) of the area, said that an appropriate decision could be taken if they were sure about Payal's behaviour.
This is why I was efficient domestically.
The Catholic Women's Association of Jowai has visited the family of a woman who was suspected of being murdered in Neinshnong Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District on the 13th of this month. the law.
Ebor Langshiang, Research Scholar and Assistant Secretary of the Sohmynting Dorbar Shnong, told about the natural resources through the agricultural products and wild fruits that God has set aside in Sohmynting.
Two BGB personnel entered the village with the intention of searching for smuggled goods and raided the houses without permission.
A short meeting was led by Samla Shembha Lamare and was also attended by prominent personalities of Mynso Village from Waheh Chnong Sardonyx Lyngdoh, Wh Washington Shylla, Rispian Synthem, Arness Synthem and Tbn D Khyriem.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress Committee (MWC) today held a meeting with the President of Meghalaya, Gov. In the presence of Cathelene Mar Baniang, General Secretary of the Mahila Pradesh Congress Committee, Milian Ryngkhlem, Vice President of the State Mahila Congress Committee, they went to Khlieh Riat to meet the DM&HO of East Jaintia Hills. to the Government on the difficulties faced by the health department in relation to the upgradation of CHC Khliehriat to the status of Civil Hospital in the area.
Meghalaya's bowlers struggled to control the game but Vidarbha, who didn't hesitate to win, quickly increased their net run rate and reached the 1st run. 100 in 11.1 overs for the loss of two wickets.
Japanese Foreign Minister Yoshimasa Hayashi may not attend the G20 summit scheduled to be held in India.
The law applies only to the poor and the needy, not to the rich and the poor.
In these two words, the words Laimaw and Raimaw have a part related to the word maw or the word Maw.
“As you said, some leaders have tried before but failed but it is through the hard work of your CEM and MDC that we have finally succeeded.
He said that the KSU together with other Sengbhalang and the 6 Village Associations have expressed their strong opposition to the public announcement made on the 19th March 2019 even though they have seen the The residents of the area have decided to hold another public announcement within three months. They strongly oppose this proposal of the State Pollution Board.
After retiring from football, the player has also served as the MLA of Mawphlang after the death of his father in
Therefore, the Seng through this statement strongly warns any company, owner, contractor or private individual, not to bring foreign workers into the area without providing the necessary documents. to carry out any work and from now on those foreign workers and importers of foreign workers without providing documents shall take responsibility if anything happens to those foreign workers who do not have documents pages are not needed.
The youths of the village, threw stones at the vehicles, which were carrying these elderly people, who were accompanied by the police.
Bah Sniawbha said he will take a decision within this month on this issue.
On the other hand, these three Sengbhalang on the night of 6th Atrik went by themselves to inspect the Jowai-Amlarem-Dawki road and on that night at about 9:30 PM these Sengbhalang leaders found dozens of illegal drugs. A truck carrying cows was passing through the Jowai-Amlarem-Dawki road carrying cows and was suspected to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Why the NDA government cannot implement the CAB and why the MDA government cannot implement the ILP in Meghalaya.
Chelsea's three Reece James, Mason Mount and Ben Chilwell will miss the game due to injury, leaving no place for Arsenal's Ben White and Tottenham's Eric Dier. , Conor Coady of Everton or Fikayo Tomori of AC Milan.
The union demands that all shops in the state should be allowed to open every day.
In the second innings, Manipur scored 159 runs.
When it comes to traveling from Mawïawet, Nongdom, Mawkynbat, Mawsngapwir and other villages, if this road can be connected, it will make it very easy as it is very close to Nongstoin.
The MDCs who have recently joined the NPP are Lamphrang Blah, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Fantin Joseph Lakadong and Teiborlang Pathaw.
The purpose of this project is to improve the National Highway 127B (NH127B) from Phulbari to Goeragre in the state.
This increase in the price of the workers by the owner of the farm has angered those who have worked since morning.
Let us wait patiently, what will happen.
He said that in the last election, HDR Lyngdoh had helped him in the Mairang constituency and this time, he will help with all his might to repay what he has done. he did it to him.
Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal said that the ultra sound machine was received by the district administration through the CSR of NETC. The DC said that the health department and the residents of the district no longer need to travel to other districts for testing, said the DC at the opening ceremony at Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
He said that regarding the land in Meghalaya, if the government has the documents proving that it belongs to the state, the government will not give it to the state. Assam.
Without naming anyone, the BDO said that there are some people who have held the meeting to mislead the residents by believing that the world will end and therefore they don't need government schemes anymore.
As of Monday morning, rescue teams have rescued 14 people inside the area, out of which 4 people have been rescued without any signs of injury or injury. 6 others died in the middle of treatment after being taken to hospital.
Tamang and All Jaintia Cricket Association’s Eshan Siangshai were the top wicket takers with 11 scalps each.
“Yes, we have a report on the suppliers and we will soon send it to the relevant department.
The word autonomous has no meaning because there is no such thing as autonomous or independent district councils.
He said the passing away of Bah HDR Lyngdoh who was a prominent figure in the state has been a loss to the family, the constituency and the state as a whole.
The Sordar Shnong, Rangbah Shnong, children, grandchildren and relatives of Bah BB Lyngdoh were present at the Dorbar Hall, Laitlyngkot Elaka. While the Private Secretary of Bah Bring, Bah PR Hinge, who has been with the party since 1979, he said that his work with him has taught him many valuable lessons.
If you are the leader of the Sengbha Lang Khasi, why do you want to respect that you have to get permission from him before you raise the flag of the autos? /saw the autos in Nongpoh without your permission?.
Chasing the target, the Super Challengers reached 136 in 18.1 overs for the loss of nine wickets and won by one wicket.
Besides the office bearers and members of EJHDFA, the event was also attended by the leaders of the participating clubs, elders, team owners and Baby league children.
The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 will continue on Monday at the Polo Ground with two matches.
After the election of the office bearers, the swearing-in ceremony was held and speeches were delivered by the new office bearers.
B.Khriam, MJHS, District Session Judge, Jowai today while speaking to the Para Legal Volunteers, urged them to fulfill their duties properly, to be responsible and to be responsible. keep on doing the right thing.
Because during the election, even if the candidate gives lakhs of rupees to each polling station, those who win lakhs and tens of thousands of rupees are only the leaders while the people except for 200 to 500 rupees. no more, except that polling agents may receive 10,000 to 2,000 tyngka as a daily wage.
They include incumbent Congress MP Vincent H Pala, NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh, RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin, Voice of The People's Party (VPP) Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon and independent candidates Lakhon Kma and Peter Challam.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Karbi Anglong Students Association (KSA) on Tuesday said that the Regional Committees of the Assam and Meghalaya Governments have visited the border areas of the two countries. -KSA leaders have threatened to be like Manipur if they lose the land they claim to be theirs.
France's Karim Benzema scored twice, the first from a penalty spot in the first half and the second from the penalty spot. Ronaldo scored in the 47th minute.
“The residents have said that thousands of households have been left out of the list of names given to the blocks by the Secretaries of the VECs (Gram Panchayats).
He said that during the inspection, the union has suspended and not allowed the workers to build the road and at the same time the union demands. “The Meghalaya government should immediately take action against this issue and the Assam government should not cross the border to bring those development works to the border of Meghalaya,” he added.
“The fish water from this state has been exported to Germany because of its reputation for quality,” she said.
The body of the child was found after hours of searching, the source said.
According to a statement received from the Secretary of Marang Village, Bah WS Syiemlieh, about 70 houses in Marang Village have been completely destroyed by the cold weather. Many of the villages have been destroyed and their houses have been destroyed.
After the release of the list of recommendations, Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar together with Election Commissioners Anup Chandra Pandey and Arun Goel will leave for Assam in November 2023 to hold a public hearing. Hearing) on ​​these recommendations was released today.
On the other hand, she said that the discussion on that day was fruitful.
And he hath shewed me that the holy city, Jerusalem, is coming down out of heaven from God.
Rangbah Duhulia announced the beginning of the Dorbar Sla.
The competition was held in 10 categories including Lucky Star, Famous People, MCQ, Risk & Rewards, Maps, Sports and Entertainment.
The part of the Jaintiapur Hima (Gobha) north of Nowgong was merged with the Nowgong District and the part of the Jaintia Pargana north of Sylhet was merged with the Sylhet District.
“We have lodged a complaint against them and the investigation will continue,” said Bah Syiem.
He said that the BJP, just a few days before the elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, the BJP under the leadership of the NDA government has extended the foodgrains scheme. schemes worth about Rs 80,000 crore in Gujarat and if you look at other states, there are many that the BJP has promised before the elections in various states,” he said.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that the nar bridge at Dwarksuid has collapsed and therefore the bridge will be temporarily closed from the 18th to the 23rd of this month.
Jowai, January 01: The Govt.
Imphal: Ten Kuki-Zo-Hmar MLAs in Manipur have demanded their own state from the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. The Assam Rifles have been deployed from the bloody state.
But he must first repent, whether small or great, he must first purify his heart by repentance and prayer by the people of God.
Bah RJ Wahlang, Incharge UDID, gave an explanation on how to apply for the Unique Disability Identification and on the schemes or assistance that those who have the UDID can apply for and are entitled to receive. .
The Japanese Government has said it has plans to reduce the number of chips it exports.
At the same time, he said that these countries have promised to impose sanctions and isolate Russia in the future due to Russia's violation of international law and these countries will provide warning to Russia after the war and conflict between Russia and Ukraine ends.
Let's start with the elections and the 2023 elections are not far away, so there are many government officials who are still in office and who will retire soon or others who will not receive Voluntary Pension, who intend to retire. in the 2023 elections.
Nongpoh: Dr. Saralin Dorphang, daughter of former Mawhati MLA and TMC candidate from Mawhati Constituency, today held a public meeting at Madan Tyrso. The TMC leader in the state, u La, took part in the meeting, which was also part of the election campaign for the candidate from Mawhati Constituency.
According to information received by this reporter from the elders of the village, the incident happened last night at about 8 pm while the mother and children were getting ready to sleep. , but at that time, a heavy rainfall and a strong wind came suddenly along with a strong thunderstorm which struck these mothers and children.
When asked whether the Prime Minister has accepted his resignation letter as Parliamentary Secretary, Rophul said, “I don't know”. “I'll see,” he said, adding that he had left the chair in the past few days.
:Police on Monday, launched a campaign to punish those found committing crimes inside and around the cemetery and forests in Lawmali.
If the ticket goes to a woman, the MDc election in this constituency could also be for a woman as Grace Kharpuri MDC is already one of the candidates. In Sohra, there may be two or three candidates, in Shella, two or three, Mawthadraishan, Mawshynrut and other places.
Chyne joined the party to prepare for the 2019 MDC election from Shella constituency.
Another factor that has divided the people is the increase in religious party politics where the emergence of political parties in the state is very high.
They didn't just jlor in the field.
The Union will work for the development of the region in various aspects.
Police have registered a case against the suspect.
Khliehriat Center OST Staff 15.
There was also a clash between foreigners and they threw stones at a bus carrying KSU members. There was also a taxi, which was carrying KSU leaders from Ichamati. The vehicle of J Umdor, MCS was also damaged in the incident.
B.Extension of timeDue to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, taxpayers are finding it difficult to fulfill tax-related obligations and also to respond to communications they have received.
After Lion SC, Shangpung Khliehmuchut continued their journey to the semi final, after winning the quarter final against Khliehmynkrem.
The Biodiversity Heatmap has also been launched to value the old natural resources in the state and the Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) Pilot to assist in financial activities to conserve natural resources.
Mooshahary, who is also a visitor to the university, alleged that the university has violated the rules of the UGC and many others in its operation.
Some of the development projects brought by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA of Jirang for Western Ri Bhoi District include the Mairang-Rani road, the Umrit-Umling road, the PMGSY road and the Patharkhmah to Warmawsaw, PMGSY road from Mawsaw to Mawdem, Rong road from Killing to Umtyrnga have been in construction for decades.
On the other hand, Mamata said that the bank account of the Missionaries of Charity has been canceled and this has caused a serious problem to the 22,000 patients and staff, who are living without food and drink. and without medication, she added.
Finally we met again and had lunch together, at the opening of the tourist attraction in Mawkliaw, at the end of 2018 and there too we sat together and discussed many issues.
In Meghalaya, TMC MLA from Rajabala, Mizanur Rahman Kazi has demanded 50% reservation for those who are not currently under reservation.
Daniel 7:26.
Speaking to media, on Friday, Ampa Reen Lyngdoh, Leader of the CLP, expressed her gratitude to the people of the state and reminded them of their surrender and The Congress party has failed to provide clean services to the state in the past years.
These trucks unload coal directly to the coal dumps at Dudhnoi and Krishnai and these dumps are not less than 25 and each dump can store up to 1,0000 tonnes of coal.
But we must also talk about the beginning of the change.
He said the cause of the fire is unknown and the fire broke out after the explosion of a tyndong shet which destroyed the house made of lyntang and tin.
“If there are stones coming out of the vehicles, he will go and hit anyone and injure them, especially the children,” said Bah Khrawbor.
However, when contacted by some of the older Magistrates, they said that the closure was due to the day when the shops were not necessary to open.
The VPP also aims to bring about transparent and fair governance and impartial democracy.
Even the snow can come out of this place and cause diseases from this place to the villages and the Pynthor Kba can also be affected by the strong wind on the top of this hill.
The mid-term elections for 7 constituencies in KHADC and one in JHADC will be held on the 13th of this month which means only 8 days left and the counting of votes will be on the 16th. this month.
He was also informed that the state government will make proper use of the surrounding areas of Nongkhyllem Wildlife for the development of tourism with the natural resources.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) today said that Mary Umdor, a resident of Mawlai Mawtawar, who was refused to give birth at Ganesh Das Hospital on 28th November The MHRC has condemned the Ganesh Das Hospital and ordered it to pay a fine of Rs 3 lakh.
On the closing ceremony, the chief guest distributed the prizes to the winners and schools.
To tell the truth these festivals serve no purpose to the people other than to pass the time, and to make people happy that the candidate has done well but it is just a publicity stunt to attract people who clay seed.
If this is the case, the need for workers should also increase.
"No," said Bahnah. "I don't know what to do, just a drink, I'll eat again," said Riia. "Bahnah had to listen and eat what he was given.
These 1260 days or 3 1⁄2 are the years of Satan's man of sin.
He said that the party has warned the Syiem and Prem Prakash Varma that if he comes back to these Khasi who are the rightful owners of the land, they will give a strong warning against them.
At every meeting, the people clapped their hands without thinking carefully about where their clapping would lead.
“To see the talents of the youth of Mawkyrwat Constituency in the fields of Kynjatbol, ​​Volleyball and Basketball, it is necessary to hold such games to compete only for brothers from the constituency,” he said. , said Mr. Renickton.
Shillong, November 16: The President of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) on Saturday expressed his regret over the lack of pension for the deficit teachers after their retirement. after about 30 years of service to contribute to education and the state.
The celebration will be organized by women's groups including the MSWC, NEN and others.
Earlier, the state government had signed an agreement with the German International Cooperation (GIZ) to develop the water policy.
All these officials who spoke on the occasion, praised the management of the school, for their ability to run the school smoothly, which has also been a successful school. They have provided education to the children in the area.
The match will be played between Pastors and Government Officers, where the Pastors' Association will be divided into their respective zones, with Nongstoiñ zone being the first to start the friendly match. on the 6th of May.
The meeting was led by Samla Eding and Treibor.
“This act of the enemies is an insult to the Matti u Longshwa Manshwa of us, it is also an insult to the beliefs of other religions.
In chasing the target, the Shillong Women's Cricket Association scored only 181 runs for the loss of all wickets.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said it is the duty of the government to protect the lives of all the residents in response to the BJP's request to provide protection to Bernard N Marak.
“We don't have the funds for two years now to implement the schemes,” said officials from several departments when contacted by this reporter.
Therefore, the people in Smit and the surrounding areas have suspected that there is a secret and successful crime because it cannot be traced even until death. of Bahrit blister.
The initiatives of the Modi Government will lead to the development of tourism in Changthang, he said.
Furthermore, the VC’s absence from the headquarters results in files spilling over his desk.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Khliehmyntriang has issued a public notice and warned all the residents whether they are the villagers or those from other villages who are celebrating the New Year not to pollute the waters within the boundary. of Khliehmyntriang Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya State Housing Board (MSHB) has allocated T.6.02 crore for the year 2007-2
But as soon as the Baiong horse came out.
I don't know how true it is that just because of these verses of this song, the nation will lose its strength.
“The authorities should explain why it is not allowed to post pictures of these children, because this incident has shocked the entire community and if people see The appearance of these children may provide more information, because until now we don't know whether he is alone or whether there are others involved, because two children have lost their lives”.
Regarding the sudden suspension of Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem, the journalists also spoke to the young Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Thlowell Manik Syiem in the presence of Ministers (Minister K. Langstieh, Minister MB Kharlukhi). and Minister Kharbuki).
These are to hold a meeting in May for the implementation of the recommendations received from Volumes 1 to 11 of the Report.
The starting time of the tournament will be exactly 5 pm. For more information, please contact the Tournament Secretary H.Bareh.
The Word of God is – commandment by commandment, line by line, the Prophet Isaiah says – explain the Doctrine? Those who have left behind and those who have not been gathered, because the Word of God is- LAW BY LAW, LAW BY LAW, LINE BY LINE, LINE BY LINE, here a little, there a little.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM in charge of the Trade Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). KHADC in the past has been in the entire South West Khasi Hills District.
They also said that as a group of youths, they have the desire to strengthen the spirit of service among the youth of the village. small inside the village.
Maharashtra has reported 63,294 new cases today.
The construction of these Coke Factories has been too extensive and in one village alone 5-6 Coke Factories have been set up and the impact on health and environment is very serious. Sutnga MLA Shitlang Pale who was ready to join and support the demand of the ECC Sutnga District by accompanying the people of Sutnga District to turn to the Office of the DC East Jaintia Hills to demand the withdrawal of the ECC. These factories were closed immediately.
However, despite the achievements, what still prevents the world from fully unlocking the opportunities available in digital services for financial inclusion? What makes India a star in accelerating financial inclusion? With about 31% of the world's population, the majority are women, the poor and those adults who are not educated, who are still left behind in the financial sector, this is the right time to rethink digital jobs for financial inclusion and to find opportunities to bring about new change for this industry.
The incident was accused of disrespecting the governor.
Nongstoiñ, March 06: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shilliang Wahblei Area Unit, in collaboration with the Mawshynrut Circle, on Tuesday met with the EE Mawshynrut Division to demand the cleanliness of the Mawshynrut Circle. road from Rimardon to Nongsleh.
The opportunity to apply for jobs is open to the youth after Class 12th, so after the results which will be released in the coming days, the youth of the state will have a great opportunity to meet their leaders. colleges/universities from India and abroad as well as for two days ending 22nd July
Therefore, for the sake of the glory of God who has blessed this state, please remove this attempt to defame the state with these activities which the society cannot accept.
Ribhoi District and South West Garo Hills
He said that when they came to meet him at his office to invite him to the meeting, he gave them his phone number and said that they would call him. He phoned him to confirm that he still has to meet with the EC and also the MDCs of the PDF. After talking to his fellow MDCs, he said that he has decided not to go but he is surprised. to see in the newspapers that these three groups have agreed that he too will take part.
New Delhi: The Indian government today made it clear that there is no group of scientists who have explained that the reopening of schools goes hand in hand with the vaccination against the coronavirus. However, he said that the vaccination of teachers, school staff and parents is essential.
There was another woman nearby who called for help. At that time there was a young boy from Umsyiem village who was known as Bah. Preios Nongrum and he jumped into the water to help the woman.
Jabeda Begum, 50, lives in a village in Assam and has lost her struggle to prove her citizenship in the state.
The Seng has discussed the plight of the Khasi students studying at Manipur University after the clashes and bloodshed, who are now in the midst of struggling to return to continue their studies.
Bah Pynshngain said the protests in public places will not reach anywhere because it cannot solve the problems of the Rangbah Shnongs.
Secondly, try to avoid any kind of notifications or advertisements especially on facebook and Whatsapp which offers you many kinds of products at very low prices and will also distract you by threatening you with a free laptop. topup and mobile recharge.
Salvation is God's desire to save us human beings because we have turned away from God and turned away from Him. God does not want any soul to be lost but for all to come to a meaningful conversion. by accepting Jesus Christ into their lives so that they can be restored to the righteousness of God and have fellowship once again.
They said that they do not want Umran Dairy Village to become like other villages in the state like Rangmen, Shillong and other places where the Army is stationed, where the people have suffered and especially the suffering. khnioit bein that owns the place.
After that there was a fight but the officers tried their best to calm down and explained to them to lodge a complaint,” said Bah Nongtnger.
Our Local MLA Kyrmen Shylla who is the Minister has promised to install a transformer in the past years, but this village still has to face the problem of using the equipment which requires a lot of line. ding.
It has also affected parents who rely on electricity to cook and clean as well as school children who have to study.
It is also necessary to raise awareness from all sides on this issue as it is a major festival in our country under democracy which can lead and guide the lives of everyone. days in the shalyntem of five years.
Only if the youth have the spirit to work and know all kinds of jobs can we improve the youth in employment or it is also a way to prevent foreigners from entering the country. to enter the state if as young people you know all kinds of jobs.
KHNAM has clarified that the VAB will empower the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs and will also bind them with rules so that they cannot misuse their powers. The committee led by Bah DD Lapang has recommended to pass the VAB, but the Cabinet of Ministers of the Congress government has said that the committee has not discussed properly before taking a decision.
The rally started from Mihmyntdu Square and proceeded to Iawmusiang at Ummulong Stand near Jowai Police Station. Hundreds of Sengbhalang members took part in the rally. MDA Government to implement the 9 demands of the 5 parties under the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
Earlier, he held the post of Deputy Speaker but had to resign before there was a power struggle to overthrow the Speaker in the last budget session.
Or is it because people do not understand the corruption and evil of these words? Or is it because people feel themselves to be patriots and nationalists, and therefore they should not honor their own nation in front of others.
AIS SujaOne of the Bible verses that Satan does not want people to know is from the Apostle Paul's letter to the Hebrews 2:14-1
Mawkhar FC scored the third goal through Defender Pyngrope in the 66th minute.
Perhaps for this reason, our state has not developed rapidly and the rural areas have been forgotten.
Nongrim Hills SC had more control of the ball but it wasn't until the 32nd minute when Glenny Lyngrah scored the first goal before he scored the second goal. second goal in 45 minutes.
Barla was welcomed by the Medical Superintendent Dr Nongrum, Rev Pastor SS Majaw Chairman of the Committee in charge of the Hospital, Officer in charge of the Hospital Bah KW Marbaniang and others. others.
Shillong: The rally of the Hynniewtrep Central Body (HITO) on 30th November, which started from Motphran to the State Central Library, went smoothly. the police.
After examination and testing by the bomb squad, they found that the bomb was a bomb that was dropped from aircraft. also that this bomb has not yet exploded.
The 4th Edition of the Olympic Day Run in Shillong has been supported by many of the participants to give their best and to instill the spirit of the Olympics to reach the goal. , friendliness and also respecting the game in a clean way.
The program was attended by the SDPO (Sohra), officers of Sohra Police Station, President Student Bar Association Shillong, Lecturers of Law College Shillong, students of the college, Sordar and Rangbah Shnong Mawmluh. all those who fall into the village of Mawmluh.
Momen said Bangladesh will repatriate such people but will accept only those who are Bangladeshis and Omen wants India to provide the full names and villages. of these foreigners, who are originally from Bangladesh, if you are sure that they are foreigners on the Indian border.
The incident occurred at 1 pm.
The children, as soon as they saw the body, were frightened and ran to inform the village leaders.
So far, the number of cases has risen to 2,43,733, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
The Chief Leader of the Union of Barikor in the State, Bah Raphael Warjri, acknowledged the statement of those leaders and stressed the need for the development of skilled trainers in the field of writing in the state. for the development of young people who wish to develop in this field.
Through the distribution day, which was held at Mawhati, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, handed over 80 work orders to the village leaders of various villages in the Mawhati area.
On this occasion, the children of Raij Chymang welcomed Pator Raymond Nartiang along the way from the time he entered the border of Chyrmang. until you reach the house of the high priest.
Finally, it concludes by giving the participants the opportunity to ask some questions or ask for feedback on the matter.
Tympew is susceptible to a fungal disease called 'phong-gos', and the correct name of this fungus is Rhizoctonia.
Jar was surprised to turn off the TV.
“We have decided to write immediately to the NCERT to give permission to the state government to use its books next year,” he said.
Shillong: The Matriculation or Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination will start from 4th to 16th October at 143 centers including 83 in Khasi Hills and 60 in Garo Hills. The HSSLC will be held from 2nd to 25th October at 103 examination centers across the state including 64 in Khasi Hills and 39 in Garo Hills.
Six members were elected including the chairman.
The jhur reps have not yet entered them.
In the women's category 18 years and above, Kharjahrin came first, Daplin Wahlang came second and Peitty Wanniang came third.
Shaniahskhem Rangdkhew scored the first goals for DWSC in the 18th minute and Wansamlang Rynjah in the 28th minute. for 36 & 49 minutes.
On the 15th of this month, Kishore Rabi Das of Utkarsh Small Finance Bank, Keating Road, Shillong lodged a complaint that on the 15th, unidentified robbers stole eight room air conditioners. ' (outdoor) in this place.
He said that as the state is a state where most of the residents are dependent on agriculture, the government spends about Rs 400 to 500 crore per annum on agriculture and agriculture. pet.
He said that the NDA government has tried to ban the consumption of cow meat and the allegation that the law passed by the Congress is a lie in front of the people.
The police can also follow Section 45 Cr.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday visited several villages and wells for the purpose of cleaning or implementing the Solid Waste Management Act (SWMA) turn your attention back to Judea on this point.
“Tell me who your husband is...” asked the mother again. “I was wrong with Panah...” She said and cried. “Since when have I known your wickedness? both of them to me.
Morning Niangti, 80, of Qualapatty, has been admitted to Dr H. Gordon Roberts Hospital since 9th March and died today after suffering from septic shock and type 2 diabetes. with COVID-1
The Behdieñkhlam festival was held in Jowai and is a very famous festival in the state.
Regarding the delay of the contractor in the construction of the road, the elders of the area said that they have met with the Executive Engineer of PWD and submitted a letter.
Ziona has 39 wives and 90 children and his religion has 2,500 members from 433 households and is a religion that teaches men to have many wives.
Therefore, he said that it is something to be proud of and at the same time there are still many business relationships and needs to join hands from now on to bring about a better future not only for both sides. but for the good of the whole world.
Security forces conducting raids on March 3 in the most dangerous areas of Manipur have seized ammunition and explosives.
Shillong: NCP MLA Saleng Sangma on Tuesday said the government should set up a bus to transport school children and government officers during their school and working hours so that it does not cause problems. congestion and traffic.
These include Elveena Nongkhlaw who appeared in the Top List in the 2019 Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination.
NESFAS has also been informed of this measure, and the NESFAS team has taken action to ensure that there is no risk of spread.
Investigation revealed that Pdianghun is a close relative of Krehbha Ryngkhlem's wife.
This month is also the month when the farmers are busy because it is the time to harvest the rice and at the same time it is also the time for the final examination of the students. parents are busy preparing books for their own children.
She encouraged the parents and widows to take advantage of the opportunity.
Bernita said that the Seng from time to time has lodged a complaint with the authorities regarding this illegal mining and has also lodged a complaint with the Police.
In this regard, the union has already lodged a complaint with the network provider companies in the past months, but till now the companies have not shown any signs.
“I believe that friends from the Congress have come to join hands with us NPP because I too as a former member of the Congress have many friends in the old party and friends from the Congress also have many friends in the NPP. NPP," she said.
Regarding the frequent attacks especially by foreign workers like what happened in West Khasi Hills against the workers to build the Ek Lavia Residential School, Bah Rymbui said that the Government has ordered all police stations to be vigilant especially in areas where there are large scale works to prevent such incidents.
Shillong, Lber 9: For two years now, Nongbah-Mawshuit village in the Khad-ar Shnong area has not been able to implement the 100 days MNREGA scheme from 2015-2016 and -2017, this was announced by the residents of the village.
The TOD seminar is a training project for primary school teachers who are members of AMPSTA. The project is funded by Lararforbundet Education International through the All India Primary Federation (AIPTF). Two projects have been completed this year in Tura, one TOD in Tura, one in Nongstoin and one in Wahiajer.
More than 40 foreigners who wanted to work at a coke factory in Mynska village, West Jaintia Hills District have been deported from Shangpung this morning.
There were questions about the world.
He said that in the constituency of Dr. Sanky Shangpung where he has already joined the NPP, there is a former MDC who has applied for a ticket from the UDP. units and districts.
“During these six months, T.80,24,830 worth of fines have been seized,” said a police source.
One woman, who worked for 28 days, received Rs 24,000 in her account and withdrew it a day later.
He said that the NPP will be sorry that it has refused to give him ticket and he should not be sorry because he is now with the BJP. Himachal Pradesh, he was one of the 50km marathon runners known as Ultra Runner and is also a cyclist and mountain climber around the country. the whole of India.
" said Bah Dkhar.
Last year, about 40 tonnes of Soh Trun were exported to a Soh Trun port in Karnataka and then to European and North American markets.
In these years, the union has also written to the owners of vehicles, not to overload.
Speaking to media, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni Secretary of the JAC said that the JAC is deeply saddened to learn that the license has been issued. Temporary License to those who wish to set up vacant camps, even after the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has made it clear that the vacant camps in Ri-Bhoi have been suspended during a meeting with the leaders recently. The JAC leaders, and to know that the government's plan to introduce an empty camp in Ri-Bhoi is progressing well as shown in the reply by the Minister of Law. James K Sangma in the House.
They said that they have sent a letter to the Prime Minister to advocate with the central government authorities on the issues they are facing. They will meet with him to ask for help in this regard.
In this election, the polling stations or polling stations will be the same as for the MLA but there are also some differences because some villages fall under the MLA but others fall under the MDC. The Deputy Commissioners of various districts have been handed over the preparations for the election.
In the attack, the man who went to attack Kejriwal said that Kejriwal is a liar and a liar, and said that the Congress and the BJP are better than the BJP. AAP: The BJP has refused to take responsibility for these statements.
When asked how the PDF is from Assam, she said, “You can know if you find out”.
He also urged the people to try to use solar panels in every household to avoid the cost of electricity consumption in the state.
“We take this matter seriously and direct those concerned to answer why the central government has not ordered an inquiry into the allegation that the minorities in Meghalaya have been deprived of their benefits,” he said. said the Court in its order dated November 15,
The union expresses its anger against this foreigner and fully supports the demand of the Vice Chancellor to immediately dismiss and expel this foreigner. bar states have universities.
“Up to 4,000 farmers have been trained in the state to improve their income,” he said.
He said that according to the facts stated in the ejahar, it shows that there was violence and this falls under the provisions of the CrPC and IPC which is under the jurisdiction of the State Police. need.
Lamare was arrested on 18th November 2021 from Mawlai while on his way from Dimapur.
The Chief Minister of the State, once the union has been able to arrange for the accurate payment of funds, will be able to pay the money accurately from this month of February. ) Next year, the State Government should pay a monthly fee, in order to improve the lives of thousands of Nongshetja Sni and their families in the State, most of whom are Longkmie ki Kynthei. Students from primary to secondary schools will receive daily nutritious food because the children in Schools have become like our own children and grandchildren, who have taught them well, so that they can learn well and become responsible citizens who have responsibility and duty for themselves and the country as a whole.
Recently, the Union of Village Leaders in the area has met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who has promised to improve the road but so far no work has been done. “It will start and we will know when they will start,” said another resident of the area.
Niaw Wasa has won the Super Division Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
In the second half, Langsning FC started to do better and scored four more goals from Overkindness Mawnai in the 49th and 74th minutes from A.Marweiñ. in the 41st minute and W.Marbaniang in the 58th minute.
The family appeared before Special Judge Geetanjali Goel at 11 pm.
“As a party, we stand firmly to demand ILP, and Hek's statement is his personal opinion. As a party, we are with the people, in the government we have two. “It's not like the MLAs are the ministers who have supported the decision.
He said this is necessary because the Supreme Court in its order has stated that there is no restriction under the Sixth Schedule which prevents the implementation of the Mine and Mineral Rule Regulation Act
The squad for the match against Bangladesh includes: Somjeet Singh (C), Sandeep Kundu, Saurabh Malik, Sagar Gowda, Kabeer Singh, Veer Sandhu (WK), Sahil Syed, Santosh R, Jeyan , Shailesh Yadav, Umesh Kaushik, Ajay Yadav, Sukhwant Singh, Raja Babu, Prashant Singh and Sunil Rao.
In a statement issued by ANVC (B) leader Rangdo R Marak, the party said the government should look into the activities of the ANVC as its behavior is like promoting Even after the signing of the soskular, which is pending the approval of the Central Government.
He also promised to provide a good road from Majai to Shella, adequate schools in the constituency, good health, trade and inheritance through the available land resources. and also to provide a proper sports stadium in this area.
It has taken years to reach this moment when the gunmen have disappeared.
The 11 dead climbers were found on Monday near Mount Marapi in Sumatra.
However, it should also be recalled that although it is the cleanest area, a few years ago it was also the driest area for the people.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Nongrem said that after the first meeting on the 22nd of this month, the committee has now decided to convene a meeting of the Syiemships, Sirdarships and Lyngdohships for the purpose of to get clarification on this purpose.
However, because he enjoys life and finds that he has no hope for reasons that can improve and perfect his life.
I am not writing this to criticize the hotel I am just replying that it does not agree with the advertisement. I need the urgent phone number of the hotel in Khanapara.
In the past few months, she has spent a lot of time playing PUBG and in the process, she has made friends with another young man, who used to play the game.
The permission has been issued by MUDA to build the dam after all the requirements have been met,” said Kong Kharpuri while explaining the news on the allegation of violation of safety rules during the construction of the dam. this is the day of God.
Shillong, July 27: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that it is time for the country to have only one law and not two laws. In his speech in Bhopal on the need for a Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
The Prime Minister said that the government has ensured that the investigation should be conducted without any interference or coercion in any way.
The delegation led by Rao Virendar Singh, which included several MPs, came to Shillong to inquire about the working methods of the education department in the state.
Therefore, it is estimated that a cabinet meeting for once, which is held outside the city, will cost three or four times more than the one held in the city. petrol, road bill or ta, for everyone who should go.
He said the woman has been placed in the isolation ward of the hospital.
The JSU through its Central Body President Lawyerson War, said that it has been terrible for the entry of Bangladeshis involved in the cattle trade, until they have known all the ways and means. sales and cattle ranches.
He said Balajied's victory would strengthen the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the NPP in collaboration with other political parties and independent MLAs.
Oridamai Laloo, former employee of the Sericulture Department of the State Government, resident of Moosalyngkat near LIC, Jowai, passed away on
Congress leaders from different constituencies including Mawlasnai Zone under the leadership of Nesius Thongni as General Secretary and all Their group included the leaders and employees of all the Primary Units in the Zone except for a few who remained in the party.
The suspects were identified as Shir Debbarma, 37, and Pradip Debbarma, 32, both from West Tripura district.
In the case of crab or bod, the main tree and the clear tree should be selected first.
He said that there is no need to remove this issue from the discussion in the House.
This Eid is celebrated all over the world by Muslims to honor their teacher Abraham (Abraham) by offering their first son Ishmael as a dedication to their God Allah. .
Shillong, Nailur 09: The no-confidence motion against the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, submitted by the Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF), was accepted today.
He said that what prompted him and his supporters to join the HSPDP was after they saw that the Congress has split not only in the state, but also in India as a whole. Jethrowel Syiem said that they have supported the HSPDP for many decades and that is why they have to join the HSPDP. The Congress and especially the Congress party have supported Kimfa S Marbaniang as MLA and Bajop Pyngrope as MDC, as they belong to the Congress party.
Secondly, the Pharisees and scribes were afraid that because of the uprising and the following of the people, the Roman authorities might take away their freedom of marriage. and religion.
Lambok Rymbai, General Secretary of KSU, NKD, Markus Marten, President of HNYF Northern Region, Bah Balawan Mawein, President of RBYF, Bah Ricky Majaw, General Secretary of FKJGP Nongpoh Circle, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Executive Officer of FKJGP, Bah Opel Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Mawroh. DRSRBD and Bah CB Syiem, Chairman of NTC. In this explanation, one after another, there was also a strong condemnation of the state government, led by Dr. Mukul Sangma, for the violence and at the same time. There has also been a condemnation by the leaders of Ri Bhoi, including the MLAs and MDCs as well as the Minister of Transport of the state government.
Lazmi Begum and Smt.
Speaking on the occasion, u Ngaitlang Dhar expressed his great happiness to have the opportunity to celebrate this Noh Sakyriat as the son-in-law of Raij Ialong.
Regarding the appearance of Khasi women not owning foreign shops during the KHADC's visit to check the documents of foreigners, the President said that Every good work, there are always those who come and become enemies.
Bah Rani said that he is pleased that as Rangbah Shnongs, they should ensure that NOCs are not issued to foreigners in the trade of inheritance and that foreigners who have just arrived in the village should not be allowed to stay in the village. Rani said that when the Rangbah Shnong and his Committee strive to NOC is not issued to foreigners, these foreigners will no longer be able to trade inheritance and if they don't get NOC they will stay wherever they live and trade wherever and this will prevent foreigners from trading. inheritance here.
I have to withdraw my complaint on the same day (6/11/2018) even if I am not signed by me, it is against the rules of procedure of the party. your.7.
We can say that because the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and other ministers are very good at singing and dancing, I have noticed that even they in the countryside we don't see whether they can sing this famous “Prah Song” individually.
There is no service connection in West Khasi Hills.
Many times we pray, many times we ask, but our hearts are hardened, our lips are hardened, our hearts are hardened before God.
Nongpoh, March 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle has expressed its deep sorrow after witnessing the congestion of passengers on the National Highway 6, which the NHAI authorities have not removed. The road between Dulongnar and Umdihar villages has been covered with soil, shyiap, mawria for many months. accident in this place.
The committee also includes former Government employees, teachers, writers, barikor, those working in social fields and leaders from various ethnic groups.
" Life is complete without end or deficiency.
In this age, we should no longer count or sting.
(This is the scheme of financial assistance of the Government to Truck Drivers if in case of serious accidents they can no longer drive trucks or if they die the Government can provide financial assistance to them up to Rs 2 lakh thousand rupees/-.
“The KHNAM State Youth Wing will investigate this matter to find out all the discrimination,” said Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth Wing.
Ex-Pastor K.Langrin There are those who say that the emergence of many church groups is because they don't understand the Word of God.
In this meeting, these leaders of the Sengbhalang on Friday handed over a letter to Kyrmen Shylla demanding the suspension of the transfer of the DC. they will hold a mass protest.
The testing of teachers and staff in schools and colleges will start from the 21st of this month, Sarma said.
He also spoke in Nongpoh at a packed meeting at his political headquarters in Nongpoh (Pahamsohthri).
The Registrar, DD Ingty welcomed those who attended the meeting especially those who are new.
The District authorities said that during the inspection, they found that many of these factories are illegal and the owners are Hehspah from outside the State whose names have been registered with the people or villagers. Shallang area.
Now 100 years old, he is no longer a human being and is closer to reaching that age.
Or this statement that if we implement the Inner Line Permit we have to abolish the Sixth Schedule or if we keep the Sixth Schedule we cannot implement the ILP. these and cannot have both.
Shillong, November 22: The District Council Court (Judge) will swear in the new MDCs of KHADC tomorrow.
Experts explain that one of the causes of headaches is poverty and hunger.
Bah Robert is a former government minister and one of the most prominent musicians in the city.
Rupang publishes the following article, as it is, for the information of many churches.
Public awareness on TB prevention is not only through speeches but also through posters and banners.
“Dr Mukul will have to think according to the wishes of the people as I am an engineer but I have to change my decision because of the wishes of the people to contest the elections in 2009,” he said.
The donation was handed over to the Principal of the school, Kong CA Alya under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong Bah Arwan Tariang, in the presence of the Assistant Rangbah Shnong Bah Ransom Sutnga. The Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Shillong, Rev. Fr. Richard M. Majaw in the presence of the President and members of the Association, also presented a letter of condolences from the Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, Most. Rev. Victor Lyngdoh.
“I have taken note of the statements of the Member (Saleng) and from now on the House will take strong action against this Member if he continues to utter the word sih in the future.
It is to be recalled that on the night of the 29th and 30th of this month, 323 grams of heroin worth 30 lakh tyngka was seized from a vehicle from Assam. in the market.
If children or young people get involved in these activities, it will also lead them to steal.
According to the Village Leaders from the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Office of the State Government which has the Executive Engineer's Office in Mawkyrwat, the JJM scheme has set a target to supply water to 145 villages. family of this village.
When walking on the roads, we always see overloaded trucks, but we don't find those government officials to stop those vehicles and stop them from passing.
There are many rice farmers in the state but the surprising thing is that the farmers do not use the land and it has been destroyed.
And they shall keep the holy city forty and two months.
Shillong, November 15: Mawsynram MLA Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today resigned from the post of MLA and submitted his resignation letter to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Abu Taher Mondal. .
The priest died of illness.
Get a bill to avoid spurious Medicine’.
The match between Sohmynting and Pynthor Youth Social Welfare ended without a goal.
The military forces have carried out offensive operations in many states in the North East in the name of fighting insurgents.
On the border dispute with Assam, the KSU has urged the government to expedite the process to free the people especially those living on the border from the suffering.
She said that the poor people like Muster Roll-Workers and Aganwadi Workers have also been affected when they have not been paid their salaries for seven months.
Apollo Tires handed over the jerseys to the Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday at a short meeting held at the office of the Dorbar Shnong.
Having this condition can also lead to cardiovascular disease or blood-related diseases (such as stroke and heart attack).
Shillong: A letter from Parliament to the Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States, has arrived late and has prevented the leaders of the Federation of Khasi States from attending the meeting before the Committee on the Constitution (One Hundred and Twenty Fifty Amendment) Bill. .
The taste is also very good,” said Rama Rao.
These Regional Committees shall be headed by the Ministers of the Government, and shall also be attended by the Leaders.
There were also several officials who urged the court to sentence Barnett under the terms of imprisonment for about 7 years.
Vibin Mohanan scored the first goal for Indian Arrows in the 77th minute and Park Jong-oh scored the equalizer for Real Kashmir in the 88th minute.
There are 14 MLAs in the Opposition, 5 Congress, 5 AITC and 4 VPP MLAs. the house of the council.
The two-day Youth Festival was organized by Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong on the theme, The participants were students of St. Xavier's College, Umoid and Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
These human hair are used to make wigs which are in high demand around the world.
Cruise, 58, star of The Mission Impossible, will be accompanied by director Doug Liman, 55, on the SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule.
The CEM also congratulated the Hima, Villages and all those involved in making the festival a success.
He said that the reason why the police took this road was because the students had blocked the Jowai road and caused a stir in the area.
The union has warned that if it receives more such complaints, the union will not hesitate to close down the hospital. The Health Department is requested to take action and provide for the needs of the people as it is also the duty of the Hospital to ensure the comfort of the poor or those in need of Emergency Treatment. timely so that people from near and far can also receive adequate and complete treatment.
Who gave money for the election.
Leaders of the PDF Central Executive Committee including Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Vice President, Elezar Chyne, President of the People's Democratic Youth Front (PDYF) attended the meeting. The meeting was attended by the elders and office bearers of the PDF Zonal Committee Mawkynrew Constituency and from various Units and Circles, parents, youth and others.
The workshop was organized by the Indian Academy of Pediatrics and National Neonatology Forum, in collaboration with the NHM-Meghalaya-CPHC (Comprehensive Primary Healthcare Programme).
“We will soon meet with the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Minister in charge of Political Department to urge the State Government to follow up with the Ministry of Home Affairs regarding the demand for include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said Dr. Nonglait.
Rev SC Diengngan Director SELDD said that as a Synod we cannot provide as much assistance as others, but as a sympathy and with a spirit of humility the Synod tries to provide a small amount of assistance even though it has not been. which cannot deceive you.
One of the problems for Meghalaya is that it is afraid of being completely surrounded by Assam from east to east and west, where it cannot escape once Assam is closed.
“The illegal obtaining of NOCs and Trading Licenses by foreigners in Jaintia Hills without proper consideration before issuance; The free trade and employment of foreigners in Jaintia Hills, without complying with the rules and regulations, has put at risk the income, employment and deaths. “It is the life of the entire nation,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO Central Body.
The death toll from the coronavirus in the United Kingdom has risen to
He congratulated Dimarkithmu Gayang, Lavinia Mebalari Myrchiang and Kyrmen Hemiat Rymbui who have entered the First Twenty and urged them and other students to work harder in their studies so that they can reach their goal. .
These taxis were fined after operating without providing the necessary documents.
Khadsawphra College, Mairang, Shillong College and St. Anthony's College have won the Inter College Football Tournament organized by NEHU. The tournament will be held at the SAI Stadium at the end of NEHU, Shillong.
According to sources, there are 34 such factories in East Jaintia Hills District alone, some of which have only received the approval from the Single Window Agency (SWA) but have not yet received the approval. Consent to Establish (CTE) and Consent to Operate (CTO), except for a few.
Another party that lost half of its MLAs is the PDF, which won four MLAs in
He encouraged everyone to take part in Yoga every day so that they can have a healthy body and mind.
Defense Ministry spokesperson Lt Col Suneet Newton said a GNLA supporter from Goalpara district was also arrested in the raid.
These nine planets in which we are involved differ in distance from the Sun.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (KHAA) Sohra Circle today sent a petition to the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne. foreigners in Majai and Ichamati.
Rowel also criticized the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma for handing over electricity projects to foreign companies as most of them cannot employ local people.
Mawryngkneng: The Mawryngkneng Greater Football League 2018-19 has reached the final round of the tournament in the 1st Division. Final.
It is not an easy task to provide for them on a daily basis whether it is from food, clothing, health and especially when they have difficulty even going to the toilet.
Besides, there are also those who criticize the world and those who point fingers and criticize the lymbiang in society, sometimes just to stir up the people.
The SP said that although the damage was minor, the police are conducting an investigation to find out the truth.
Nongpoh: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Maikhuli village on the border with Assam in Ri Bhoi District, Jirang Constituency. Witness Sancley has been nominated as the Congress candidate.
Shanborlang Siangshai is the son of Icydora Siangshai, a resident of Khanduli village.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lawkhla Mawlong, Bah Swotsharlin Marbaniang, said that after the child was drowned in the river, she fell on a stone. They shouted to stand on the rock so that they would not be swept away by the river.
The days were drawing near, to that great day.
'The children of the wicked are not the same.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The BJP in Delhi has appointed Union Minister for Tourism, Alphons Kannan Thanam, to oversee the party's election campaign in Meghalaya.
The MRI machine at Shillong Civil Hospital was purchased at a cost of T.5.17 crore, of which 90 percent was funded by the NEC and 10 percent by the state government at a cost of T.49 lakh in
This happened at about 2:30 pm.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the UDP, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, said that the meeting was attended by many leading party officials, including MLAs, MDCs, office bearers from different districts, candidates whom the party has contested in the last elections.
The first report by the NITI Aayog on the number of poor people was in 2021 based on the NFHS-4 figures for the year 2015-1
However, after a thorough investigation, the Magistrates found that it was not true and that the investigation was not conducted once, so the CJM sent a letter saying that the case was not true. The allegation is groundless and the case has been dismissed.
This is the technical and secretarial department.
“And God chose the things which are despised, the things which are despised, and the things which are not, to bring to naught things that are:
The Retail Price at Khliehriat is Rs.30.65p, at Sonapur Oil Agency the Retail Price has been fixed at     Rs.30.86p and at Sutnga- Sub- Depot Sutnga the Retail Price has been fixed at Rs.33.96p for FPS Retail Price Center beyond 5 Km at Khliehriat, Sonapur and Sutnga will be fixed by the concerned vigilance committee.
“It is a pleasure that the State Government has opened up employment opportunities to all Indians.
The new cases include EGH: 26 (Others), EJH: 11 (Others), EKH: 419 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-07, Others-412), NGH: 09 (Others), RBD : 46(Others), SWGH: 63 (Others), SWKH: 17 (Others), WGH: 59 (Others), WJH: 109 (Others) and WKH: 50 (Others).
At the same time, she explained how to prevent these three diseases is to have a blood pressure test and seek timely help through the Sub Centers or nearby health centres.
This action of the Government is very disappointing to us the residents of the border areas.
However, the JMB said that it has improved the collection of garbage.
“To seh Mei, I don't need it...” Rida begged. “Yes, yes... You don't have to go, I'll go.
The conference will consist of seventeen sessions over two days from 29 to 30 May. Discussions will be held on Access to Quality Education and Governance, Order and Inclusive Education all, issues related to the Socio-Economically Disadvantaged Group (SEDG), the National Institute Ranking Framework (NIRF), the Indian knowledge System, the introduction of the system between education and pre-vocational training, and the organization of education along with other activities.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Peter Lamare from the Meghalaya Cricket Association as the Chief Guest, members and office bearers of the WKHDCA, dignitaries and others who also distributed the prizes to the winners.
“So if you point fingers at other parties in other states, remember that your party is facing many problems in West Bengal, so remember when you point fingers at others,” said Dr Ampareen. “Of course, the opposition can accuse from time to time, but for that reason I would say remember and think carefully before you accuse others.
Shillong: The United Garo Autonomous Council (UGACMC) has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Ministry of Home Affairs demanding the establishment of the Garo Autonomous Council (UGACMC) for the Garo people living in Assam. .
In a complaint to the Chairman of MBoSE, EP Kharbhih, Secretary and President of the Mawsynram Khasi Association, Bidi Myrhong and Batistalang Myrthong said that the book is 'misleading' 'distinguish' and 'respect' the religion, culture and customs of the Khasi.
After the incident, it was reported that it has caused strong condemnation from various departments of Assam who have demanded a thorough investigation into the murder of Jonali Nath.
Therefore, he congratulated the teachers who, although they are few, have worked hard to provide quality education for the students who are the future of the community, the country and the nation.
He said that the welfare in the society through Social Welfare will be increased to 12,000 per annum which includes the disabled, widows and the elderly and to start the E-Ration Card from for all households in the District.
Many churches have questioned the visit of the Prime Minister Duh to the state and said what is behind his visit, even though the BJP has won only two MLAs. AL Hek has been sworn in as a Minister in the MDA-2 Cabinet.
It is here that the NPP, BJP and the ethnic parties (UPD, PDF, HSPDP and IND) have taken the decision to form a coalition government (MDA).
While they were in front of the vehicle to throw stones at the wheels, the vehicle suddenly overturned and hit them both.
Prof. Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS, said, “This workshop has been a great opportunity for those involved in health care, students and staff to get detailed information. and to take responsibility for any aspects relating to the donation of their body parts".
After hearing from the people of Mylliem Hima and Raid Marwet, the EMs of KHADC, understood clearly that the area still falls within the border of Meghalaya. and which state that the land still falls under Meghalaya.
At the same time, he recalled that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar on 16th July 2023, promised to help release the outstanding salaries of the employees in the first month of November but this promise of yours has not come true.
Furthermore, another addendum to the SRP-OM No.PER.222/72/163, dated 28th May, 1974 allows for the reservation of 40% of the Garo even by the voters. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
In the Under-17 Girls (Single), Sneha Chetri became the winner while in the Under-19 Boys (Single) category, Mohit Joshi became the runner-up.
Digvijay Roy was named Man of the Match with 59 runs.
The party has taken this step on the grounds of protecting the Khasi children from being smuggled abroad.
Eightfulness Shangdiar (22,58) and Rikynti Lyngkhoi (30+) scored the four goals for Rangthong Hr Sec School 4-1 1, 33 min), while Sengchame Ch Momin scored the first goal for the team (60+1).
Speaking at a meeting held at Umden and Marngar, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that this is a small assistance to the village to improve and maintain the dorbar halls as witnessed by the tin sop of the house. The dorbar has been destroyed and it needs to be repaired so that the village can be used to avoid the rain.
I think that's enough.
He did not become a God-man in Bethlehem.
The Mawten IV T20 Cricket Tournament 2023-24 was inaugurated by Gideon Kharkongor, Honorary Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association as the chief guest. Members of the South West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association, officials of the Mawten Sports Club Cricket Committee and others from the supporters of the two teams as well as spectators.
The purpose of planting these trees is to protect the environment.
Outside the VPP, there are also skilled representatives in the Opposition.
On the other hand, the village leaders of Nongpoh Proper, have urged those people who intend to go to other places and those who return to the villages, to inform the village authorities, so that they can be prevented. from the spread of Covid-1
The report said that after receiving information about the incident, the residents of Shallang area went to look for these foreigners, but they could not find them. They went to the pharmacy of the foreigner to ask how they went to get injections or whether they were sent by the health department of the state government and who sent them. However, the foreigner who was accused of leading the incident could not explain.
NESO has made it clear that this decision is against the feelings of the people of the North East, which considers this plan to be the biggest threat to the North East. NESO warns the Indian government not to play with the identity of the people of the North East for political purposes.
“Your cooperation will make it easier for our teams to identify your coal depots,” said the DC. MeSCMA) have shown their skills in the IMF North East Zonal Sport Climbing Competition.
The postponement of the tournament has also affected the schedule of the World Cup which was scheduled to be held in India this year.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated three Collective Marketing Centers at Thadmuthlong A, Shangpung Pohshnong. and one Mootyrshiah-B in Laskeiñ.
As part of the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP), Kiang Nangbah Government College will start a four-year Integrated Course at the BEd level this year.
United Bank of India, Nongbah Branch has upset the residents of Nongbah who rely on the bank for deposit, withdrawal and other services. .
“You come from North India (Hindi-speaking) states, why should we speak together only because you come from Hindi-speaking states,” he said.
Khliehriat, March 21: The East Jaintia Hills District Traders Association (EJMSEIA) led by its President, Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu on Tuesday held a meeting with the President of the East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu. He sent a letter to the Secretary of the Forest Department and urged the Head of Government to bring the District Forest Office in East Jaintia Hills District so that it will be more convenient for the people. activities that have to cooperate with the agency.
We as passengers who don't even have a scooty rely on commercial vehicles.
Furthermore, the turban that a woman wears on her head indicates that she has an honorable role in society.
Hek also denied the allegation that the government has forced people to take the vaccine.
He said that Modi's frequent visits to Meghalaya are to ensure that development works reach the requirements of the state and those who deserve them as the goal of the BJP is to achieve economic growth. to improve the lives of the people should reach those who deserve it.
If anyone exceeds that, they can no longer be accepted as Parsis.
At the end of 2019, Ri Bhoi District came fourth with 31 medals (8 gold, 9 silver and 14 bronze).
Shortly after, at 8.15 pm, police raided the camp of ANVC members at Darengagal, near Tura, where there was a shootout with four members of the ANVC. and they fell down dead there.
Tura, Nailur 7: There are 80 households in 15 villages who have been living outside the signboard from Baghmara to Moheskola in South Garo Hills District.
He said that even for rice which is sold in the market for only 8-10 tyngka, the cost of cultivation is not less than T.15 besides the cost of buying fertilizer and other expenses.
On this occasion, 2144 children who have never attended school and those who have dropped out of school were enrolled and books were distributed.
Although in the media, Golda admitted that she had phoned her relatives after receiving information that they were coming to Mizoram, and said that they refused, but the family members refused. They denied that she had called them and they also said that they did not have a phone.
According to the complaint, the suspect is also the brother of the mother of the girl and the family members of the girl after receiving information about the incident immediately informed the police. the police of Nongstoin.
Through this increase, the loan to home builders will increase by 35 bps from June 2019 and the State Bank will offer repo linked home loans from 1st November. 2019.
“We on behalf of the Meghalaya government stand firmly against this Bill and will continue to oppose it.
“From this road, people from all over the villages even from Mawïong, Mawlai, especially those under the Constituency walk to the District Council, Khyndailad and other places. “There will be no traffic jam in the Motphran area,” he said.
Lion SYA won by six wickets against Ummulong SC in the Open To All Cricket Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) at Khliehtyrshi Stadium on Thursday.
The struggle for the implementation of the ILP is a great struggle for the Hynniewtrep people and on this issue, Bah Kharmawphlang said that the BJP government now intends to repeal Article in Jammu and Kashmir, to allow Indians to buy land, marry locals and start businesses without any interference or interference with the same BJP government. The HNLC has decided to introduce Article 370 in Goa to prevent foreigners from buying land in the state. The BJP government has been involved in the implementation of the ILP in Manipur and Meghalaya as well.
"On the 10th July, 2022, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Home Affairs, Border Area Development, Government of Meghalaya and Local MLA of Amlarem Constituency, was the winner of the competition. The closing ceremony was held.
"I will not rest until the problems of the poor, women, farmers and youth can be immediately addressed," he said.
Speaking on the work of Mahbubul, the Governor praised him especially for establishing a wonderful educational institution not only in the state but in the country as a whole.
At Weiking Square, a speech was delivered by the elders and after this, a song of praise for the Seng Kut Snem by the youth of the Seng Khasi and by Bah Banteilang Sing Rumnong who is the General. Secretary, Seng Khasi (Kmie), will read out the annual report.
It is up to the families to prevent their children from going out at night and living on the streets at midnight and living a simple life without any knowledge of man or God.
Mayra spent £710 for her one-day funeral, which included opening the coffin, dressing the coffin and feeding the deceased. who is happy.
In the tie-breaker, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh Area beat the UDP 5-4 goals.
There is no doubt that the District Council has the authority to do so.
Similarly, Dr. Jitendra Singh recalled that when the Modi Government came in 2014, many people in Meghalaya had never seen a railway in their lives.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the new party in KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the formation of the party is to join the UDP. Because there are rumors that the MDC himself has joined that party and that party has joined another party, but to avoid the misunderstanding between each other, they have decided to form one party. they will understand each other wherever they go.
Although they like to go for a walk in the evening, they refuse to go for a walk in more crowded places.
“The government will introduce an ordinance to protect the powers of Rangbah Shnong,” the UDP said in a report sent to the government today.
The reason why the union has taken this decision is because the factories have cheated too much in relation to the transportation.
Here we see that the spirit of love and glory is no longer there.
The next day will be on 23/02/2023 at 11 pm. Please inform everyone so that the work can be done smoothly.
The NEIPF under the leadership of Marshall Biam as Chairman, after receiving information about the insult to the Khasi-Pnar people, has met with the President of the Hmar National Union (HNU). T.Tang khung in order to reach an understanding between these two peoples.
On the other hand, the FCI has already informed that it has 1000 metric tonnes of rice which the government can send.
“There is a distance between the party and the people and I am a little disappointed and I have lost confidence in the party, which I have had for 20 years,” said Neog.
They left only the hill areas of the Hima Jaintiapur to be ruled by Syiem Rajendra Singh and this did not work and the British made the whole Hima Jaintiapur a British Area.
This has happened recently under the NPP-led government, where the UDP, BJP, PDF and others have started accusing the NPP. , NPP, PDF, UDP, HSPDP.While the Congress was in power, they had a lot of wealth, a lot of jobs. and they said unto one another, Ye shall be saved.
He said that in a year, the management of this school accepts about 150 students to come to study.
The meeting was attended by students from 10 schools who have been affected by the lack of food.
He said that in 2008 he had campaigned in the streets with Bah AL Hek and now he will go again with the BJP candidates. development of the state but it talks about development.
You don't have to worry about money or be worried about your heart or your life that you have experienced so far and will continue to experience in this world.
Like an evil spirit that destroys.
And now this matter has greatly affected the students of the school.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the government has taken this decision to strengthen the working methods of the employees at the entry and exit points. time they have to go to take part in the training and to rest.
“The Congress has not received good training from its own home,” he said.
Referring to many of the problems, u Bah Stodar said that in the Shella area, the farmers who live from Mawshun don't get enough food to eat but instead of eating shipliang, they have to eat only half of the food. “My sohphans are gone, her figs have been cut down from the ground by the workers, they cannot eat them anymore. "It's a plate," said Bah Stodar.
You cannot be said to be a servant of two masters.
The rally was held in support of the resignation of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of People's Party (VPP). and to demand from the MDA-2 Government to amend the Reservation Policy in Meghalaya.
For WJH, Anastesia S Shullai scored 10 runs for 14 runs.
Who asked you if you were the Messiah? And they said, We know not whence he is; but when the Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is.
“I will also ask for the decision to evict the Kharmetor from Mawlong Market because the people want to know about this. Blueprint and through this blueprint it was decided to relocate them to the unbuilt quarter near the quarter of the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma.
“It is not intended to defame anyone, but to convey the problems of the rot to the government,” said P.Mylliemngap, General Secretary, Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM).
These organizations also warned against the immoral behavior of drivers from time to time such as speeding, drinking and other immoral activities.
“I have heard that Dr. Mukul Sangma has not been able to sleep for many days, but I told him that before you sleep completely, or if you don't sleep anymore, you should come to the meeting. “The people will understand, we accept every rule as you say to discuss the issues, we are ready,” said Lotha.
Not only that, it shows that the MBOSE has done wrong in this regard.
“I don't know what you're doing there...” Rida replied. “I'm sitting in Niakha's shop...” Rida replied, “I don't know when... I'm sitting all day...” She continued. KmieHamar said that she was going to Panah.
Then mutual respect for each other and understanding before doing anything.
People don't need to talk, but as soon as they write in their hands, the work goes on.
The shooter was arrested and his gun confiscated.
Through this, he reminds that if the rivers and streams in the past were slow and rich in water, now they have started to see that the water has started to dry up. and they began to disappear gradually and the big rivers also became smaller this was a great disaster.
Through the Piggery Mission, 367 cooperative societies have been established which now raise more than 6000 breeding pigs.
They shall judge their own judgment.
Faith in the works of Jesus is eternal life and eternal life begins here on earth.
How sad it is for the residents of the Tamabil Dawki border and neighboring villages for almost 2 months now, the light is not available for months.
In a meeting with the clothes vendors, today 22nd July 2023, they said that at present the market is slammed and no one has come to buy because they have just relocated. It is the one that is farther away from the market, they said.
“The statement we want to send to the Governor is, don't talk too much and look for reasons.
And we cannot count the development of knowledge in various lines, and by this man has been elevated to the highest rank among all the creatures of God.
Balius Swer said that the ban on the transportation of coal by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has also affected many churches, the market in the district and the state as a whole. Because once the main source of income in the state is closed, which also benefits the State Government, the market and income will inevitably decline.
In fact, the road from 14Mer to Sunapur has already been closed from Meghalaya and Assam as well, but it is surprising to hear from the voices of many Khasi traders that there are still Khasi traders. in collaboration with foreigners from Assam.
After receiving the complaint, police have registered a case under section 74(10)18 U/S 279/304A IPC and the investigation is ongoing.
The Prime Minister has not been able to leave his office in Tura for many hours because the people have surrounded him and have not allowed him to leave. night and more quickly that you will come out.
Nongstoiñ, July 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mairang Circle has arrested two foreigners who came to sell weapons around Mairang without proper documents.
These issues outline the basis of the Unified Code of Conduct.
Regarding the KHADC's proposal to change the Hima Syiem to Hima Sirdar, the journalists also had the opportunity to talk to the MLA of the area, Bah KP Pangniang who is also the advisor. (Adviser) of the Hima in which he said that the Langpih area and the Hima Raidmynsaw, itself, used to have a conflict between the Khasi and Nepalis, but through this proposal of the KHADC, it will create conflict among the Khasi. no longer with the Nepalese.
“Without this Act, we the Trai Ri Trai Muluk, who are only a few in number, will be drowned or overwhelmed by the flood which will turn us into Mynder in our own country. Country".
“However, nothing has been done by the Meghalaya government which is led by the leaders of the Christian community.
Closing date for applications is : 20 th June 2023, arrival time: 5.30pm on 24th June 2023, and starting time: 6.30pm on 24th June
The injured were taken to hospital on the same night. Police have arrested four persons identified as Ioanis Pyrtuh (28), Khailang Dkhar (19), Hami Dkhar (21) and Mon Phawa. (22) the investigation against them proceeded.
“Three factories have been demolished by 10th November and the target is to be completed by 20th November,” she said. to illegally operate coal mining factories have been identified and arrested.
Today, Kohli in his speech, said the same.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong opened the scoring through Heinthrang Lyngdoh in the 30th minute, but Tpeppale turned the tide through Jopibromitre Dkhar in the 33rd minute.
On the Congress' allegation that he has benefited from the Covid-19 pandemic, Dr Aman said, “I have worked for nearly 30 years. I".
The Union through its President Alan Niangti said that as the Union which is responsible for the cleanliness of Jowai, they have taken this decision to appeal to the High Court on this issue. of Jowai.
Bantei Kharshandi, Nodal Officer of the Basin Development Unit, West Jaintia Hills, said that the Basin is ready to send training to the youth from this village in the field of cooking, to teach English and Hindi. to send them training in adventure sports so that they can improve their income.
And what is even more amazing is that he created us humans in his own image and likeness.
Hek said that he has already suggested to the government that at the same cost, if they can strengthen the permanent infrastructure in the health centres, it will be of great benefit to the health centres. shirts for us.
We are not saying that the Dorbar Shnongs should take the law into their own hands to punish or beat drug traffickers or users, but if they are vigilant, they can help the law enforcement authorities to arrest such drug users. person.
So far, only Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has been campaigning day and night to all the villages of Lum Garo to campaign for the election for his wife Dikanchi.
Speaking on the government's urgent action, the HPC said there is a law in the Supreme Court of India and other courts that no one can be evicted to an unsuitable place to live. and it is on this basis, they are entitled to an alternative and better solution.
These are the days when the sufferings of mankind have covered his body and the desire for unrighteousness has surrounded his mind. We hear the news of thieves. The farmers who don't care anymore because it's the days of the payers don't care anymore even to stretch their hands and feet. Most of the time, the person who does this job is one who understands the meaning of the law. for what he doeth is according to the desires of his flesh.
The two organizations demanded that the state government should pay special attention to the border areas in terms of development so that the people of the area will not face any problems in the future. The State Government should not hesitate to resolve the border between the two States so that peace and stability can be restored.
Tura: U Gambegre MLA and Congress candidate, Saleng A Sangma, has fled the scene and refused to allow the Election Commission team to search his vehicle.
“When they saw that I was recording video, they suddenly grabbed my mobile” and said, “We will take you to zero point, we will shoot me dead".
Indians have experienced the tyranny of the Hindu RSS or the BJP for the past 40 years.
However, Montagnier's comments have caused fierce debate among scientists.
It will also be the first time that the country will host the tournament since
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has submitted a memorandum to the Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, Kong Idashisha Nongrang, urging her to take action against the drug trafficking. within the State.
Also present at the meeting were Bah HK Thabah ADC of WKHD, officers from various departments, Principals, youth and others.
The new cases include EGH: 19 (Others), EJH: 12 (Others), EKH: 320 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-01, Others-319), NGH: 28 (Others), RBD : 87 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –10, Others–77), SGH: 05 (Others), SWGH: 17 (Others), SWKH: 11 (Others), WGH: 74 (Others), WJH: 23 (Others) bad WKH: 17 (Others) The total number of cases in the State has risen to 34448 out of which 26156 have recovered and 551 have died.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that the SBI Bank will be temporarily closed after one of its employees tested positive for COVID-1 to run from July 1st to July 7th.
“The State will soon get an Art Convention Center and an Auditorium.
During the meeting which lasted for several hours, the leaders of various civil society organizations expressed their deep concern over the backlog of many issues which the civil society groups have been demanding and We have been talking to the government from time to time but it has not been implemented yet.
The Executive Committee meeting held on the 11th October 2024 has reminded that these forests cannot be private forests. and they have not changed until now since they were established by the ancestors for the children of the elaka to farm and for other needs of the elaka.
The anger of the youth has now spread to Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and other states.
Hearing the PIL, a two-judge bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh said, “At present, whether the Government has resolved the shortcomings or not, the State It shall ensure the prohibition of mining without permits under the MMDR Act,
Shillong: U Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong constituency and the only MLA from KHNAM, today said that the government should not give land to the Harijans but should. He said that the government should not listen to the orders of the Harijans.
On this occasion, the BBLMC has held a special ceremony to honor the deceased and surviving supporters of Bah Bring who were the most outstanding employees of Bah Bring during his campaign from Lyngkyrdem constituency before he took office. he was born in
The Yatra will also be held in all Gram Panchayats/Blocks of West Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills districts.
Mawroh, March 12: A woman named Philomina Parïong, 76, resident of Mawroh, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has died after being hit by a Cellerio. NH 44E while she was on her way to buy pigs from Markasa.
“The decision of the Meghalaya government to define 'Khlaw' in its own language is contrary to the definition of the Supreme Court,” said Bah Marwein.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in a statement, has congratulated all the participants who have represented Meghalaya especially the 55 medal winners.
Shillong, June 22: On the 27th of this month, the Divine Mercy Lay Apostolate, Shillong Archdiocese will celebrate the Feast of the Divine. Mercy) at Bah Laitumkhrah Church, Shillong, from 1.00 pm and will end with a Mass at 3.00 pm.
I'm looking for a girlfriend aged 18 to 20 from any area but who knows the manners and respect if anyone feels like it please I want a girl friend aged 18 to 20 from any area If you have any questions please sms or call us on 8575336068 thanks.
If your ignorance and your superstition in these things that are not right still rule over you, you will be ridiculed by your children, your brothers and sisters and there you will be destroyed. It is useless to be old and old that the truth is still known by a child.
At the same time, to expedite the search for other sites besides Marten, Mawlai Mawiong and to take the time to visit the condition of the garbage dump which has served a great deal. nearly 90 years to Shillong and other places near and far in Meghalaya, so that he could see with his own eyes the garbage and niut ki nier that has been dumped in Marten.
"Yes, son..." asked the mother. "Are you crying?" Rida asked again. "Yes, son, I didn't cry..." The mother replied. Rida left and went to work. iban is the work.
Bah RM ShabongThe desire to set up factories is also increasing and then the closure of dewbilat factories has already taken place and the operation of dewbilat factories in Lumshnong or Thangskai areas has been in turmoil.
Vehicles such as Fire Service and Gypsy are on duty around Motphran, Iewmawlong area to prevent any incident.
The event was inaugurated by the Minister of State and MLA Roshan Warjri, MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit, Rangbah Shnong GS Basan and the elders of the club.
We have worked hard to retain the MLAs who are on our side so that we can form a Government.
The tournament was concluded with the presence of Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, as the Chief Guest, Samla Mission Tron as the Chief Guest and other elders of the area.
In the Women's U-17 category, KJPHS beat Shullai Progressive SS 2-0 with goals scored by Daphibanri Thawmuit in the 13th minute and Aitibha Thabah in the 28th minute.
At the same time, he urged the people to take responsibility to restore the environment by planting trees.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
Wansuk is a Meghalaya Police Officer and will be promoted to Assistant Sub Inspector.
This has been implemented immediately and the District Mobile Squad has been set up, where people can complain if there is any illegal mining and transportation of coal, by informing the Mobile Squad immediately by phone. These numbers are 9863020724/6009914351/8974711010/7
How true is this report, perhaps I cannot explain but the unemployment rate in the State is increasing every year because tens of thousands of children have completed various levels of education. expect jobs and contest examinations UPSC, SSC, MPSC, DSC and other examinations according to the schedule.
Finally, the social contract with Flybig was terminated.
The Legislative Assembly has already recognized Khasi and Garo as Associate Languages ​​of the State.
It is also prohibited to hold jars, pynrngat and khwai at night from 7.00 pm to 5.00 pm. Anyone found violating these prohibitions will be prosecuted and fined.
Last month, Lyngdoh urged the AICC and MPCC to take action to punish the Congress MLAs for their decision.
However, they said that for the sake of safety, they are ready to move temporarily from this place to sell at Stand Bhoi, but they urged the Municipal Department to complete as soon as possible, because the people and he that cometh to buy shall be destroyed, if he be destroyed from this place.
Russian shelling in various parts of Ukraine has killed 34 Ukrainian residents in the central city of Dnipropetrovsk, including children. child.
Other reports said that Casper Ruud, who finished second behind Rafael Nadal in the tournament last year, has beaten the Swede in his current match. and Elijah Ymer to 6-4, 6-3, 6-2.
The theme of Christmas is the same, that is, the celebration of the incarnation of Jesus Christ into this world to save and deliver mankind from sin and transgression.
The Jews declared an independent state of Israel. 1948 Israel was invaded by Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Egypt. 1949 AD, Jerusalem was divided. 1956 AD Israel won Six days war on 5th June 1967 AD and Israel captured Judea, Samaria, Gaza and Golan Heights. 1973 6th October Battle of Yomkipur, Israel captured 1979 AD Israel and Egypt sign a peace treaty and the Sinai is returned to Egypt.
This phlong was built in two places, the eastern and western parts of the village.
They have been short of ration since
Application forms have started and will end on 8th January.
“There will be a huge cost, even a small calculator doesn't have room to calculate, it's a very heavy burden in terms of cost,” he said.
As fishermen, you understand how happy it is to catch a lot of fish.
“The affidavit should also mention the measures taken by the government to supply electricity to urgent needs such as hospitals, airports.
The government should step back and follow a clear path in this regard.
After their resignation, Delhi Revenue Minister Kailash Gahlot has been appointed to other portfolios including the Finance and Electricity departments, while Social Welfare Minister Raj Kumar Anand has been appointed to appoint them. The Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Health until the election of new Ministers and appointment of them in the Cabinet, said the party officials.
Dr Mukul said this at a meeting with media at his residence today.
He said that the government's housing bill will also affect the villagers of the state as most of the people from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia live in Shillong.
Every time the Sengbhalang sends mynder to work here, how the villagers are unemployed.
The program was organized by the Tourism Department of the State Government in collaboration with the Meghalayan Age Limited on 21st November, 2023 at Courtyard by Marriott Shillong.
One of those shops is the Charity Shop in the shop area of ​​Sohra and the items placed in the shop are donated and donated. by the public including clothes, jaiñkyrshah, patlun, sopti, jackets, juti, books, religious books, bowls, plates, mugs and many other items. to be used.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Committee, said that this is the first meeting since the establishment of the Regional Committee. He said that in Ri-Bhoi there are 4 border checkpoints and on that day it was discussed to clear only Block II and Desh Demoreah. 2 remaining will be rescheduled for later discussion.
His appearance is better before the party leaves the party because it will be a threat.
“It doesn't mean for all the people but for the Village Defense Party (VDP) in each village, they need to be trained with firearms as much as they can according to the law to protect themselves,” he said. said.
The Taxi Drivers Union of East Khasi Hills, recently, has demanded that the KHADC should conduct the Trading License of foreign vehicles due to the increasing number of foreigners who operate taxis without proper documents. Trading License, Professional Tax and others, which has severely affected the income of the indigenous taxi drivers in the state.
Phewse now everything is jar2
Guwahati: There have been 14 new cases of coronavirus in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to
Smoking in public transport has started to decrease but perhaps due to the lack of strict laws, once again it has been seen that smoking in commercial buses and taxis has started again. .
Because there is a stream which doesn't have a bridge and during the rainy season, the stream is very flooded so to cross the river the children have to wait until the water is dry.
Pala said Kharlukhi denied that there was any understanding with the NPP because he did not believe in the working methods of other political parties. He said the question is how the NPP is working with the BJP in Manipur and whether they are working together to form a government in the state.
The President of the Council of Nokmas (Garo Traditional Heads), Charles G. Momin, said that the Sixth Schedule should be amended for the establishment of a Regional Council without political parties.
It is to be recalled that HANM Umiam Circle has already lodged a complaint regarding this road, because only one day after the cleaning, only the debris was found.
He said the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme will provide water for the city and the New Shillong Township which includes schools, offices as well as 32 villages and residents. There are currently 29,889 followers.
We demand that the state government should not relocate this division and should immediately set up a new division in Shangpung village as it already has a Sub-Division Office if the government wants to bring about development and not Ram Biam, President of the All Jaintia Hills Social Welfare Organization (AJHSWO) said that if the relocation of the office goes ahead, it will affect the cost of work of the contractors. There is a long distance to Shangpung from Jowai, the district headquarters of West Jaintia Hills District.
Chairman of the Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation (MGCC) RV Lyngdoh said that the office will be completed by the deadline of October 2018 and many government offices have remained open. It has not been completed for many years and this has caused a loss of revenue to the government.
When the women and children saw that the love between them was continuing without stopping, they sought out the elders of the village, who were still outside (because it was morning) and When they learned of the incident, they immediately rushed to the scene and arrested them, when they found themselves involved in the crime.
It is expected that the border will be resolved through the initiative of the present government and also this issue of recruitment needs to be resolved.
Narayan, in his speech, strongly criticized the opposition, especially the Congress, praised the BJP, which is the party loved by the people and also criticized the party workers. BJP, who planned to block the opening of the statue.
Regarding these demands, the DC has directed them to meet with the MeECL department and submit a letter so that they can inform him and also to do what is necessary.
They also said that this will not only shed light on this issue but will also help to remove the confusion of the residents.
In this struggle against the British Government not only the elders but also the women like Phan Nonglait played a major role in helping the elders.
This expression of the students is a sign of pride for him as their MLA and for the constituency as a whole.
Secondly, the history shows that the British Government had usurped the throne of the Jaintia Hima and handed over the rule to the four elaka of the Doloi; in which the Syiem kingdoms were separated from the other Khasi kingdoms which still had forty kingdoms.
In addition, the speakers of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij branch included Sankani Kyndiah, from the branch of the Shlem Children's Association Tynre Dulong, West Jaintia Hills. Rgh Puramon Kynjing, President of the Khasi Sein Raij Children's Association, also delivered a short speech.
Jowai, Nailur 21 : The 40 Above Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jongmihsngi.
But if you’re wearing a mask, you’re safe.
During the search, the revenue department found documents and money hidden in many places and even in the water tanks.
Causes of prie-pynhiar disease:- We all know that the rainy season is the time when food spoils quickly due to the heat of the weather and the spread of diseases and water pollution from the floods.
Three beneficiaries of JJM in Meghalaya have been invited to take part in the Independence Day celebrations in New Delhi.
The football team of Da-i-hi SC, has won a glorious victory against Nangbah Pohshnong for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 3rd Division Tournament.
If you don't change now, when will you change?” “I understand that you are right.
The union welcomes the DC's response to the union's demand.
This question came after seeing the frequent border crossing by Assam in the village and now it has been learned from the leaders of the village, that Assam has decided to cross the border completely. The Metro Main Station is located near the village.
Four days after the shooting death of Bah Ronningstar, the Border Security Force (BSF) on 8th June, arrested three soldiers, who were allegedly involved in the shooting death of Bah Ronningstar. Mr. Ronningstar died.
Even breathing with clean air is no longer possible because everyone has to wear a mask.
This decision was taken by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly today.
“It is a coincidence that we have not received candidates, although there have been some but we have not received any candidates so the party has decided not to nominate candidates from Mairang and South Shillong,” he said. National President of the NPP. “I don't have any understanding with the UDP or BJP. You can give any decision or opinion, but the truth is as I have already told you” said Conrad.
East Khasi Hills has 47 new cases while West Khasi Hills has 37 new cases today.
On the other hand, the Syiem said that those who have been living in the area for a long time can register their land but those who have not yet registered and those who intend to buy land cannot register without the NOC. They are not eligible except those who have Schedule Tribe Certificate from Meghalaya.
Alia, who is 30 years old, will have the opportunity to announce the company's new products in the coming years and will also take part in various international events with other spokespersons for this company.
Kabul: The Afghan defense ministry said today it had killed 262 Taliban militants in the past 24 hours and wounded 176 others. that fight.
“The people have elected us as leaders when we are in this honorable house and before the start of this dorbar we sang the song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi” but I am surprised today that I received the song. “There is a lack of confidence on the basis of the numbers, not that I have misled them,” he added.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Wankhraw Kupar Kharbuli said that they have received a complaint from the BDO of Laskeiñ that there is a construction of the road leading to Khatkhasla village. order to inspect the place to find out the truth.
All Saints School won the match by six wickets and Manthan Dey who scored 34 runs and took two wickets was named man of the match.
According to sources, the meeting was successful and a decision was taken to take special measures for the restoration of peace and order in the state. Manipur.
The women's regu team won the bronze medal after losing in the semi final, although they will face Thailand.
“All these are false allegations just to defame me as the Prime Minister,” he said.
As a sign of gratitude to him, the Seinkur Suchiang Central Body has held a memorial service for him on the 17th Oct. 2020 at Clearwater UP School, Shangpung.
As the former CEM and Chairman of KHADC, he is intelligent, especially in the field of dual post, he will bring about change in the constituency,” said Bah Rumnong. the youth and the BJP in the country as a whole has not done anything.
Jowai, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Education Cell (KSU) congratulates all the students who have passed well in the HSSLC examination, 2022 which has been announced by the Meghalaya Board of Schools. Education today announced the results of the Higher Secondary School Living Certificate (HSSLC) of Science stream, Commerce stream and Vocational.
“If there are shops open at night, there is peace, we cannot say that just one or two incidents here and there, we will prosecute them all,” he said.
The 10 promises of the AITC are only on the distribution of funds from West Bengal and the AITC believes that these 10 promises which have brought them success in West Bengal will also be fulfilled in Meghalaya.
that we may prosper and grow in the earth.
Vala directed the prime minister to show his staff in the House after the resignation of 15 MLAs and the withdrawal of support by two other independent MLAs. Kumaraswamy no longer has the number of members in the State Legislative Assembly.
Ukraine has also received a large number of weapons such as artillery, drones and other weapons from various donor countries. and to provide assistance to Ukraine, so that it can defend its borders and escape Russian rule.
These eight persons raped a 7-year-old blang.
Kenstar Kharshong captained Lajong in the Shillong Premier League and Meghalaya State League 2019, who led the team to the MSL title. He is the only player in the Shillong Premier League.
“Parents are the pillars that support the family and especially the future of their children,” said Bah Rymbai.
The fourth question raised by the department is why the department has allocated T.2.21 crore by increasing the price of contractors for the quarrying of heavy stones in the two streets without the use of explosives.
He said that he was very angry because he did not know where to go to complete this task.
The struggle enlightened the French who counted stingy the power of the people of the Khasi people.
The ToD tariff will apply to Commercial and Industrial consumers requiring more than 10 KW from 1st June, 2024 and to all consumers except agricultural users before 1st June. June, 2025.
Umlyngsha Village has banned the slaughter of fish along the rivers within the village boundary by spraying poison, shooting karu, tongjar, tongmusari and throwing dynamite.
We remember Mawlasnai village, which borders Mikir Hills - perhaps it was in 1984, when C.E.M. Bah B.Wanniang was C.E.M. Officer of the District Council (LCBlah) to Amrem Karbi Anglong to arrest the two ex-MLAs and ex-MDCs and the Sordar Mawlasnai. No Jail.
They should not wait until they have been raped but even if someone threatens them, they should inform the Sengbhalang and lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
After the meeting with the EM, Bah Khrawbuit said that the EM, Kong Grace, has made it clear to them that she will never violate the soskular signed between the Council and the Hima Mylliem for the purpose of “Grace has said that she will hold on to the soskular as signed between the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem,” said Bah Khrawbuit.
Regarding this issue, Nongsiej said that he has already spoken to Metbah Lyngdoh MLA Mairang, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, where he promised that later If the party is in government, he will fight as much as he can to return these villages to Mawthadraisshan Block.
The Prime Minister spoke about setting ambitious goals for the future and said that ISRO will soon launch the Aditya L-1 Mission to observe the sun.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh and Bah Kennedy C. Khyriem and the awarding ceremony was concluded with the distribution of awards and certificates.
“It is surprising to see that Lajong are at the bottom of the points table.
Speaking to reporters, Pynshngaiñ said that the District Council will write to the Central Government on this issue. the people through the Chiefs, Kurs, Villages to ask for their opinion.
They are the 'ki syiem or sordar scheme' The syiem who used to say that he holds the customs and traditions does not do the customs and traditions but does not provide for the villages.
In a statement, the General Secretary and President of the Union, Bah TR Shanpru and RL Blah, said that the government has publicly announced the Tenants Bill The Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been replaced by the Inner Line Permit (ILP), which has distributed the Bill to the political parties and various groups but has forgotten about the Dorbar Shnongs.
It is learned that the Dkhars did not obey the named owners and continued to work and also transported every day from Jirang to Assam.
The political activities of the people's leaders in the rural areas have become so extreme that the people have lost interest in them.
It is to be recalled that the return of the students from Manipur came after the bloodshed and protests in Manipur, which was caused by the fierce clashes between the Meitei people and the Meitei people. the Kukis until it affected the peace and order and the government had to strengthen the security forces which reached the point of death and bloodshed.
Shillong, June 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), Shillong in connection with the rally held on Friday 2nd June 2013 because the VHP in this rally tried to disrupt the peace and order in the state by which created religious differences between Christians and Hindus.
The Leshka project has been accused of failing to generate electricity even after spending crores of rupees on its construction.
Mizoram lost the last wicket for 18 runs.
The CAG report for the year ended October 31, 2014, said that MeECL has signed agreements to sell electricity to two companies including M/S Global Energy Private Ltd. .
However, according to reports, some government ministers, after hearing the news that the prime minister will replace them, those who oppose him, have started to turn back to support him.
In the semi final, Lamare Sports Club won the final by beating United Sports Club Kolkata 2-1
The Gujarat ATS, NCB and Indian Coast Guard in collaboration have seized three heavy seizures of drugs worth T 892 crore in three days.
In a letter sent to the Project Director of NHAI, Shillong on 4th June, Ma Kynjaimon Amse said that the Ministry of Road Transport, Shillong, has said that Lok Sabha on 22nd October
Shillong Lajong has also joined the Classic Football Academy (Manipur), Gauhati Town Club (Assam), West Bengal and Jamshedpur FC (Jharkhand) where the matches will be held in Imphal. , Manipur and other groups elsewhere.
The first match of the MSL Season 3 will be between Niaw Wasa United and Rangdajied United Football Club. Together with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, the Government has taken a step to promote football in the State.
The appointment of the Acting Waheh Shnong was done secretly at his office in Mupyut, without the knowledge of Jarain.
The Meeting decided that if the government does not take action on these issues, the committee will hold a stronger protest.
In a statement, the JSU said that these two examinations are important in the educational life, which are the key to helping the students to choose and continue the next line of study in life.
The rules of the Election Commission, allow only 30 percent of the size of the room or 200 people, for an indoor meeting and the names of those who attend the meeting shall be registered in the register;  while outside, only 50 percent or half of the field shall be allowed.
Then he sent it to the babu, but when it was cut, it had only 20 kg or 30 kg.
Speaking at the 20th Annual General Meeting of the Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MVSA) in Shillong today, Dr Mawthoh, Joint Director of the Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MVSA) said, “It's a small allocation from the state government, but the work and need is great,” said Dr Mawthoh at the meeting in the presence of Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
““After we have received the violence of the Garo people, we cannot refuse to come here (to the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima) to force the Hima to remove all these Rangbah Shnongs.
On Monday, the West Bengal government took the decision to ban the screening of the film after seeing the protests of many residents across the country.
I also agree with this comments that our Khasi people are full of hatred and envy for each other.
The messages on the placards read, “We have stopped the silence of the government of Conrad K Sangma, stop the garbage, stop the robbery, stop the robbery, stop the robbery. , let us breathe and breathe once again the 'er batemon batesi which the earth and nature used to produce the original jor, the ancestors have put, don't let them disappear now.
Gouramangi Singh, who graduated from the Tata Football Academy, has now taken over as assistant coach of Indian Super League side FC Goa.
How do you call a biscuit in English? How do you tell me the name of a biscuit in English??.
In Kolkata, the price of petrol has increased by T.6 per litre, while the price of diesel has increased by T.5 per litre.
This place is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner which can be enjoyed at your own pace and this allows guests to they can be eaten at any time of the day.
The Government on Tuesday said it is ready to discuss and exchange views on the current situation in Manipur in Parliament in the Lyiur Session, as part of accepting the demand of on the opposite side.
Taking part in the discussion, TMC Songsak MLA Dr Mukul Sangma said the Legislative Assembly should have brought a resolution from the government to urge the Government of India to provide evidence on corruption in the state.
If you have a problem with the BDO in the Block, he will switch off and the whole village will lose its benefits,” said Pastor Pyrtuh.
Shillong, June 4: About 40 leading UDP leaders from West Shillong Constituency today joined the Congress party to give their full support to Bah Mohendro Rapsang in the MLA election. 2018.
The rivers flowing into the Brahmaputra from the Khasi Jaintia Hills are Khri Synia, Tyrsung, Umiam, Khwan, Umtru, Umsniang, Umkhen, Mynthing, Myntriang, Kupli, Umrem, Khyrwi and Myn. .
He said this after learning that the Chief Minister of Education and former Mawsynram MLA, Bah HM Shangpliang has left the BJP today and is ready to join the NPP. He also intends to contest the Lok Sabha MP election from this party.
After the VPP, the RDA leaders started giving speeches. First of all, Bah KP Pangñiang, president of the HSPDP, urged all the supporters of the HSPDP to participate in the meeting. They should not misunderstand, because the shap of the lion will not be there but they will vote for the shap of the UDP which is the Bom.
The Khasi elders in the past warned against marrying those who are not of the same race.
The hilsa fish is a favorite food of Bengalis and the demand is very high, which is in short supply in Bangladesh.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH for your support and to the JSU and the authorities in charge of Meghalaya House Kolkata.
There are about 200 students at NEIAH and all of them have to stay outside because of the lack of hostels. Your school is located in Mawdiangdiang.
Furthermore, on the contribution of her writings through chapters in various books.
“I congratulate Bah Tynsong for turning the high level into the zero level as it is now.
That same year, Brittany Higgins alleged that her colleagues raped her inside the office of the Ministers of the Legislative Assembly after raping her in 2019.
Those who wish to participate and for more information can call 9774794675,
The truck was coming from Upper Shillong, the Gypsy was coming from Tyrsad and the Bolero was coming from Shillong. Shillong.
He said that some films made in the state have problems due to the conflict of names and talks have been held with the Eastern Indian Motion Picture Producers Association (EIMPAA) to help them overcome this problem.
Sr Maria Ali said that she did not expect that the schools which are not very popular, but today they have brought a good result, because she still thinks that the schools in the city center will get more. many students in the Top10.
According to him, these 61 villages are mostly inhabited by Khasi and Garo and some are mixed while some villages are inhabited only by Nepalis.
Another thing that is needed is that the electorate should be wise, not to succumb to temptations and should understand that they have great power to bring about a clean governance.
The entry fee is T.2000 including the fee for 25 players.
This will help the department to provide better services to the farmers when they come for assistance from the offices whether here in Shillong or in different districts”.
Francis Hamilton Buchanan (1807-14) also wrote about the Khasi Jaintia of Rungpur (Rangpur, Goalpara, Assam) and confused them with the Garo (Buchanan).
On the other hand, the IIM authorities have opposed the government's plan to set up a garbage dump in the area of ​​Shillong Thymmai near the campus. people if you have such a place to throw garbage nearby.
Nongpoh, Lber 09: Two days after the discovery of a human head near Umïam Pond, the Ri-Bhoi Police in collaboration with the Crime Unit of the state today arrested The family members and the villagers have confirmed that these parts of the body found in Umïam Pond are the same person and the head found earlier, suspected. The body was buried in the ground near the pond and the head and hands were thrown into the Umïam Pond. The relatives of the body today went to confirm the parts of the body. The deceased was identified as Omega Myrthong of Mawlaingut, East Khasi Hills, who has five children and one 10-month-old child. The villager has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri Police Station to track down the man, but no trace has been found. , and he is also a member of the drivers of commercial vehicles from Shillong to Nongpoh.
Bah Hamlet said that as a man who is willing to serve, he has not stopped working to ensure that the constituency and the residents get the full benefits from the state government.
I don't want to do anything, but I just stick to those primitive systems, which have been the cause of this destruction, destruction, destruction.
The final match was played in a tie breaker where Sailung Ialong beat Luti Tuber Ialong 5-4
Genesis chapter 1 : 1-28 which tells us that in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth, and all things that He had made and created.
He is from Klew Kyrdem village in Ribhoi District.
KHNAM and NCP have decided to raise their flags from the signs as it appears now because KHNAM and NCP now have only one MLA. Adelbert Nongrum will join the Voice of the People Party.
Superintendent of Police, DSB, EJHD, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that after receiving detailed information about the presence of three known drug traffickers, Your name is Mintu Das, Bijay Kr.
Meanwhile, two matches between Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah and Ksehsylle Ialong ended 1-1 and Lumkhangdong Kyndong Tuber beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu without a goal.
“This newspaper should write the truth, most of the time they write the wrong thing, recently they wrote that there is a budget of T.1300 crore in the Ministry of Tourism but later it was found that it is only T. crore and there is no jyrsieh,” he said.
One Soul Utd scored the third goal.
Agatchu Chetai K. Marak scored 28 runs.
The three-day tournament was opened on 11th November at the 2nd Ground, Polo and was closed on Tuesday (13th November) by Bah Khroobok Passah-Assistant Director of Sport & Youth Affairs Minister of the State Government as the chief guest with Bah Finely Pariat-General Secretary of MSOA as the chief guest.
The constituencies which the two parties have taken as independent constituencies are Mookaiaw, North Shillong, Mawthadraishan, Mawshynrut, Mawryngkneng, Sohiong, Umroi and others. Sohra and Mawkynre.
The Minister said that the Government has already released some funds and the project will be implemented by Engineering Project Ltd (EPL), which is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU).
We also discussed the problems faced by the people in the villages to implement the schemes supported by the Ministry which cannot be solved”.
The wedding ceremony, which took place on 27th July 2020 at Greenwood Resort, Khanapara, shocked many, in which 40 people from Shillong, who went to The registration ceremony was held for only 5 persons.
Nongpoh, June 30: To condole the tragic incident of a family in Mawskeilum village in Ri Bhoi district who lost their house in a fire, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi on Thursday went to deliver relief goods to the family.
Commando police have been sent to Garo Hills to enter the forests and slopes of Durama Hill which is the base of the GNLA and other insurgent groups.
It is also clear that the mock drills conducted by the government authorities in the past few days, have not provided any training to the people because on that day when the house collapsed, besides the place where the fire broke out, and hundreds of thousands of people stood nearby to spectate the blazing of the fire and the appearance of the smoke.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: “If the government and the District Administration of West Khasi Hills in charge of the election cannot do anything for the residents of the border areas who go to vote in Assam and Meghalaya, “The border talks will not reach anywhere,” said Bah P.Nongshlong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem village, east of Langpih near Assam.
The meeting was attended by Rangbah, Kertakists and members of the Parish Council.
Rikman said he had not received any information about the meeting between Dr Mukul Sangma and the party leaders.
[Send your comments or feedback to rupangnews@gmail.com]
They were arrested and charged under various sections of the NDPS Act, 1985 and later sent to judicial custory.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Chandra Mohan Jha Foundation (CMJ) has rejected the suggestion of the outgoing Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shakhar Mooshahary to dismiss the CMJ University. this bag read.
On the other hand, Dr Verghese said that he and his team will also contribute to the establishment of a comprehensive team that will be able to provide the best health services to the patients. tuberculosis, gastroenterology, intensive & emergency liver and gastro care, transplant modalities and others.
Relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to call these numbers for the recovery of the body.
Replying to a question by Engleng, Himanta said in the House that Mukroh village still falls within the border of Assam and also falls under the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong District.
If you turn away from this path, you will not reach peace, but you will reach suffering and sorrow.
The power outage in Jaintia Hills has lasted for more than 5-6 hours.
Dr. Don gave the example of Assam where many Congress leaders have joined the BJP, and Sohra where former MLA Dr. PW Khongjee has joined the BJP. He also mentioned in his own constituency that many of those who joined the BJP are from the Congress.
“Meghalaya is the first state to receive the 1st installment and the 2nd installment has already been submitted by the government. it's not money".
The demand for the establishment of the National Law University started in Jowai after the government announced and passed an ordinance to establish the National Law University in the state.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 273 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District Jagpal Singh Dhanoa in a statement sent to the media said that the police of East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday at 6:00 pm. A Bolero Pick-up (ML12-3243) driven by Bah Damanbha Ripnar was seized from Usmning-Mawhati road.
In Meghalaya, there are only two seats in the Lok Sabha.
The Supreme Court on 28th November 2013, hearing a petition filed by the Uttarakhand Government in the Supreme Court against the decision of the High Court which allowed the inclusion of those who completed the D.El.
The incident happened at 7 pm last night, when the robbers broke into the house of the man who was alone in the house. and they struck him with sharp weapons from behind his neck, which caused the old man to die immediately.
“It is worth mentioning that the Government has appointed a Committee headed by the Minister of State, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh whose members are from various political parties.
I'm going to thrang ju ju ju ju.
Rangkynsai, who won the toss, allowed Langsning to tied first.
She said the traffic jam in Shillong is more severe in the market areas including Khyndailad and Motphran.
The JSM has sent a letter to the government through the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills after finding that many schools do not have teachers. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to appoint teachers immediately so that it will not affect the students.
Food is the most important part of the human body and without food there is no life.
Therefore, the public should be careful.
The union also suggested that awareness programs should be launched in all schools in the district every morning before school.
At this time it will remind us of God's love, to correct our own lives and if we hide or refuse to go out it will affect our lives.
Every year there are about 30 lakh candidates who apply for the SSC and about 15 lakh candidates appear for it.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, inaugurated these 100 feet tall statues of the heroes of the state in
One of the GNLA soldiers was shot dead by the police while others escaped from the scene. No casualties were reported from the police. He was also injured in the shooting.
Shillong: A 22-year-old girl named Riwanki Dkhar has drowned in Sahksaw River, Myntdu in Chamcham village, East Jaintia Hills District on Sunday.
The Ganol project has been abandoned, the state government has allocated funds to spend, but due to lack of funds it has not been completed.
Poor farmers who do not own land but farm to others can also benefit from this scheme.
Lawyers and authorities say that thousands of books that have been in existence for more than a hundred years have been destroyed.
Each team can register up to 25 players who will have to be sent for the age check and the final registration is only 20 players to complete the examination.
Shillong: The BSF of Seema Praharis, Shillong, have arrested five Indian nationals and seized 10,000 kilos of sugar from them, which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh, from the border of Bangladesh. At least 95 people have been killed and 200 injured in two massive bomb blasts in the western Iranian city of Kerman on Tuesday. .
The allegation that the three youths are smugglers is not true as alleged by the Assam Police.
The submission of applications will be from 20th to 24th of this month, the review of applications will be held on the 27th of this month at 4 pm. submitted to the Chairman or Secretary of the Election Committee.
