Even now, if you look closely at the parts of this road, there are many places where the road has started to collapse.
On the other hand, AMKA strongly requests the Government of Meghalaya and Assam to investigate this incident and not to repeat such unacceptable acts in the country. If they find anyone who commits an illegal act, they should arrest the perpetrators and investigate them according to the law and not by force or shooting.
“In Assam, they have set a target to set up a medical college in every district but in Meghalaya, there is not one.
In the discussion many things related to educational institutions for young children.
Police said the militants killed Sangma on suspicion of being a police spy in the darkness of the night.
He said that the Seng has met with the Prime Minister on the work of the Expert Committee appointed to look into the improvement of this employment policy.
“I asked them how they are sick, some say they are sick, some say sick snieh doh, sick something I don't understand anymore. I asked them why there is no health center in Silchar, they said that it is here, I am surprised that it cannot be more here than in Silchar, here is only a fee. “There are many government hospitals and medical colleges in Silchar. I suspect that these people have come with another idea,” said Thomas Passah.
However, this time the people should not succumb to the scheme of the State Government,” said the statement. “The election is still far away but as soon as the Rangbah Shnongs lose their powers, the DC office has been closed every day by the authorities to register their names on the Electoral Roll of the state. ration card, residence certificate and others.
However, the Admit Cards for the written examinations to conduct this recruitment will not be released until 2022, after a delay,” said the Seng.
When they reached the valley they realized that their inheritance would be lost so they invited the girls from the valley to marry them and in order to attract the girls from the valley to marry them, these The elders promised that the tribe and the property would be taken by the woman.
These antibodies, also known as antigens, have the ability to fight against infection.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the NPP office bearers at Weilyngkut, the NPP candidate said that in this area alone as an MLA he has been able to clean up the road at a cost of T.6 crore. Mawpun road about T.3 crore and other roads to the villages which have not received roads for decades.
The order also states that only shops notified by the district authorities will be allowed to open on the specified dates and from 9 am to 4 pm.
Shillong, June 14: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today announced that it has set a target of winning 40 MLA seats in the 2018 elections in Meghalaya next year.
In Jharkhand, 231 people have been infected and 200 in Chandigarh.
The Scriptures say, “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life”.
“Now we have called for a new tender,” said Bah Metbah.
The marathon will also be attended by another prominent runner and coach, Bah Jommingstar Ramsiej who has won the Kolkata Full Marathon, Mumbai Full Marathon and Delhi Full Marathon.
Shillong, July 12: Three months after the deadline, the Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) in its meeting today decided to extend the deadline to the government. I replied on the 27th of this month.
Furthermore, the Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai also honored the students who have completed matriculation and passed well – Hazelbelle Ivilianca Pasweth, Hakayoki Lytan and Renny Nathan Siangbud.
(4) Think freely to yourself.
On this occasion, the Officials of the RBDBA were also selected to lead the youth to take part in the Meghalaya Game to be held in Shillong on the 2nd June
These roads are Muktapur-Borghat road with a length of 6.30 km at a cost of Rs 3.50 crore, Pdengshakap-Jongushen with a length of 7 km at a cost of Rs 5.65 crore, Syndai-Umsohtai with a length of 5.12 km at a cost of Rs 5.65 crore. He said that out of the Rs 150 crore allocated by the state government for the construction of the road under the Central Road Infrastructure Fund (CRIF), Rs 7 crore has been allocated for the construction of the 10 km Dawki Muktapur Amsku road.
Daniel Khongwir, resident of Sanmer, was arrested after police conducted a thorough search operation from Khyndailad to Motphran and down to Umsohsun.
His mother, Bipulsha Kharbudnah, said that since he was 15 years old, he loved to build cars with wood, ball bearings and as a mother, she didn't bother him too much. He said that he doesn't spend time playing with the children but he stays busy even at night.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 09: In a road accident at 3 pm this evening, a truck carrying food items of the army, overturned at a narrow place on the NH-6 and which falls within the boundary of Quinine Village, Ri Bhoi.
Speakers at the meeting included Sohra MLA TW Chyne, Chairman West Khasi Hills Sengbhalang TS Shangrit, Sing Mulieh, David Kharsati, Erwin K Sutnga and others. .
“When they shot me, I fell to the ground, after they fled, I stood up and introduced myself to the police as the branch manager,” said Kumar.
Furthermore, the union clarifies to the public that there has been no interference in the construction of the road as alleged and the union is pleased and welcomes the attendance of the Synod Paidbah in Tyrso and it has been a blessing to the Synod Paidbah. through this Synod Service through development works in this area.
In a statement signed by Charlie J. Rani, President and Teibor Shabong, General Secretary, UHM said that they have received information that the Vivanta Taj has submitted an application. to bring in skilled workers from outside the state.
Similarly, teachers from Mawkyrwat area met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh and urged him to open the door for talks with the people.
Heavy fighting broke out between Sri Lankan troops and troops during a raid in the town of Sainthamaruthu, 200 miles from Colombo, to search for Sri Lankan troops. militants, who were involved in the killing of 253 people in various hotels and churches last Sunday.
Although Bah Gilbert Nongrum has not yet revealed the number of his followers, it is understood that from his resignation, there will be hundreds of supporters of the PDF, who will leave. from the organization and those who will go on to provide support to others.
On the other hand, Samla Pynshai urged the students and the athletes to live a life of integrity, to respect those in authority especially to succeed in their studies because of their knowledge. Money cannot buy what parents have given us, and as young people we should be wise and avoid drugs which has started to destroy many young people in the country and the country. the destruction of the whole nation and they must not succumb to temptation.
On 20.12.203, the group held a Voluntary Blood Donation Program at Jowai Civil Blood Bank West Jaintia Hills District as part of the celebration of the 3rd Anniversary of the organization.
Many of them are visitors to the hospital.
Many of the foods that are cooked, we add sohmynken to them, this increases the nutritional value of the food and also benefits the health of the body.
ADM Bah Ronnie Wahlang said that there was no casualty in the earthquake as reported by the PWD officials; who visit the places.
Insolvency assistance has been increased to Rs 1 crore (from Rs 1 lakh to help MSMEs).
Shillong, July 5: Only the Khasi Mawsynram National League for Democracy (HNLC) has taken responsibility for submitting a petition to the Prime Minister of India.
He said that even the UDP leaders spoke with enthusiasm at the meeting.
“They have forgotten their role and responsibility but they have been too busy by strengthening the voice of politics and weakening the voice of work,” he added. to Mr. Adelbert.
New Mountain.
Three former MLAs who contested as candidates from the United Democratic Party (UDP) failed to win the 2023 MLA elections while two were re-elected as members of the 1st Legislative Assembly.
When this happens, doesn't it affect the parents who come from poor families and have many children?
Wenger, who coaches Arsenal in London, told BBC Radio 4's that he was also a hard worker in his own career as a child. in Dettlenheim, near Strasbourg, France, and this taught him to become a football coach.
Ah! That if there is forgiveness, love and mutual respect in our villages and townships, there will be happiness and peace.
Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma, while taking part in the condolence speech on the death of Bah Sun, said that the death of Bah Sun, is indeed shocking, but, said, “As human beings, the It is true that death comes suddenly and is beyond our control.
For example, the inheritance from the mother is a unique custom of the Hynniewtrep people.
The tourists whether they are from Shillong or from other districts and states, have already worried when they arrive in Shillong because they will face traffic jam.
Shillong, June 7: UDP MP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh has said that Motphran is his training ground until he enters the Legislative Assembly.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem and former President Daniel Khyriem attended the ceremony to pay tribute to Tirot Singh. KSU youth Samuel Jyrwa.
“We are grateful to the firefighters who have suffered and worked together during the difficult times of the past month,” Sangma said.
California announced today that it will release 5,000 prisoners from various prisons in the state to curb the spread of Covid-1
Various medals were awarded for the Snatch, Clean & Jerk and the overall silver medal at the Continental and World Championships.
The program will be organized by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Forest Department and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Soil and Water Conservation Department.
The Waheh Shnong of Mowkyndeng under his leadership has celebrated the 'Mask Day' to encourage the people from children to adults to wear masks besides washing hands with soap and social distancing especially in public places like this. This is the time to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
In East Khasi Hills, 161 cases have been reported from Bivar Road Cluster 3, Jaiaw Cluster 3, Laban Cluster 9, Laitumkhrah Cluster 8, Langkyrding Cluster 3, Lawjynriew Cluster 4, Malki Cluster 3, Mawlai Cluster 4, Mawprem Cluster 4, Nongmynsong Cluster 5, Pohkseh Cluster 3, Pomlum Cluster 13, Rynjah Cluster 6, Thembasuk Cluster 7, Umpling Cluster
“The new Executive Committee (EC) will not issue any NoC to the state or central government to explore or mine uranium as this will endanger the lives of the people living in those areas,” he said. u Bah King.
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner, I/c Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, Pynursla today enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits any person from fishing in the rivers within the rivers. Apply for the Civil Sub-Division.
During the meeting, Donbok said that Kharbhih said that the department has released the questions to various schools 10 days before the start of the examination.
The five batsmen who led Tura lost for less than 10 runs.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (AVBP) on Monday denied the allegation that its members were involved in disrupting the Holi celebrations at the North Eastern Hills University. (NEHU).
The truck was seized at Malki Point and taken to Laitumkhrah Police Station.
The WJYC urges the Municipal Department of Jowai to take immediate action to remove these garbage far away to avoid injury to the passengers and to avoid causing various diseases through the garbage. mih from these to ñiut.
The KSU has requested the government to take action especially the schools in the border areas.
After a while the symbols of the rice will sprout and then they will remove them from the nar and separate the shyiap from the khoi, and after that they will cut the scoop of rice.
He said that larger insurgent groups like NSCN, ULFA and NDFB have links with the insurgent groups in the area and have trained them.
The JARF had planned to raise the demand at a meeting with the nine MLAs of Ri Lum at Orchid Restaurant, Thadlaskein, but not a single MLA attended the meeting. after leaders of the party waited for more than an hour at the scene.
Systems of government come and go, man is looking for the best system in the world whether it is Regional, National or International in democracy, but it is not enough and there is no solution because there are demerits of that Policy.
The residents were informed about the Ujjwala Yojana, PM-Kisan, Krai and other schemes.
Regarding the Bills that have been pending, this is not only a problem for the present government but these have been in existence for many years and this happens from time to time. The Prime Minister said that no one has been charged yet.
This is the same old and expensive tactic used by the police when they don't find a suspect.
However, all these things show that as a nation, we lose that spirit of pride in our own language, and when we lose our pride in our own language, we lose our pride in our own language. to speak your own language, but when you go outside, when you ask where you are from, you don't have to answer, because if you don't know how to speak your own language, how can you answer your own? become longbriew and begin to forget their own deity.
According to a statement from the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), Bah Finely L Pariat, the AFI experts on Tuesday have completed the preparation of the venues. to start and end the run with certain adjustments.
The teachers, who have been dismissed, have been given until the 10th of this month to respond to the decision of the education department to dismiss them. They have to appeal to the government against their dismissal, the report said.
For this purpose, all the students who have taken part in the competition are kindly urged to come forward to receive this award.
Daman Langshiang was elected as Daloi without any opposition.
Furthermore, medical check-up, Aadhar registration and various sports activities were also conducted for those with disabilities.
“The UDP MDCs who will sit in the opposition are me and Kong Rona Khyndeit, MDC from Nongpoh MDC Constituency who has withdrawn her support to the PDF according to the decision of the CEC of the UDP. " concluded the statement.
KHNAM also said that the powers of the district council should be clearly recognized in relation to the state government to facilitate the work of the council.
However, in a statement, the KJPA said they are still waiting for the report of the Special Committee appointed on 12th November to investigate the problem of the hospital.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Five members of the A'chik Songna An'pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK) have been arrested by the State Police. Soksan village is located about 3 km from Mendipathar village in North Garo Hills District.
However, when they arrived at the DHS office, the staff told them that they could not do anything because the advertisement clearly stated that they could download from the website.
Also present on the occasion were former office bearers of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association, the Minister of Mawkyrwat Village, Bah RR Lyngkhoi and others.
The union demands from the state government through the Minister in charge of Arts & Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai, to have its own building and also to turn it into a fully functional District Library. In Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, the District Auditorium has been inaugurated.
He urged the District Council and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to follow the amendment of the Act so that all the conflicts can be resolved.
If it can be done, it is to compare the discrimination against them with the discrimination against the minorities in India, or to turn India into one country, one nation. ,The Central Government should respect the small paid people in India, if the number of people reaches only 2 or 3 lakh it will be a problem for people in terms of food and drink, so he urged the people to join hands to demand that the Central Government should repeal the CAA,
At first when I wrote an article in the newspaper I wrote “Ex.Pastor”.
For even the demons believe.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee together with the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee have taken great care to prepare and decorate the parade from Khanapara to Nongpoh. The Congress flag was raised at Pahamsyiem Square to welcome the arrival of Rahul Gandhi as the leader of the Congress party in India.
He added that although the department is not full-fledged, the head quarter office has agreed to send a reply to the SP Nongstoin office to run. The total number of policemen in the department will be up to five personnel. They were taken from Nongstoin police station.
Shillong: The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health (NEIGRIHMS) today decided not to accept cases of Corona Virus from outside Meghalaya.
You are the Constitutional Head of the State.
Psalm 11:4
He said that the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) have been directed to look into this matter and they have already issued directives to all the Dorbar Shnongs.
Lens goalkeeper Brice Samba was also awarded the award; Paris Saint-Germain defender Nuno Mendes has won the Best Young Player award and is one of four PSG players in the squad of the season. and Mbappe, Lionel Messi and Achraf Hakimi.
Shillong: While the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) authorities were conducting a raid on foreign shops without trading license in the Mawlong Market area, a man named Paul was arrested. Leong, who is also the owner of a building known as the Kimly Building, said that the shop is still in court, because it is not known; On the other hand, Paul Leong said that he will meet with the head of the council tomorrow.
The relatives of the deceased have already informed the Nongmensong Police Out Post for further investigation.
Joel Marbaniang SDO PWD Road (nh) Pynursla Civil Sub Division was the chief guest along with the Chief Guest, Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla, Rangbah Dong Umkor, KSU Pynursla Unit, Seng Samla Umkor, other organizations. Longkmie Umkor, elders from all over the village, youth of Umkor village and others who were invited to attend the ceremony, said a statement issued by the Secretary of the club Namshai Ryngksai.
We all know that the sun first gives light to the east, later to the north and south, and finally to the west.
The Catholic Church has closed all schools and colleges under its jurisdiction as a sign of its deep sorrow over the news of Pope Francis.
“About 98 percent of the border areas with Assam in my constituency fall under Meghalaya,” he said. it has remained so for more than 50 years.
The vocals and arrangements of the song were taken by Joelan.
“The department should take responsibility for the cleanliness and if the authorities do not fulfill their duties properly, they cannot intervene, because the date is that if they cannot resolve the problem, They should take responsibility,” he said.
“The people should ask how true it is and whether they will get the benefits because in our knowledge they will not.
We apologize if anyone threatens or intimidates us on social media, as no one is allowed to do so.
“The Syiem of Sohra Hima and Minister Mathew Mawdkhap came to survey the land to give me and they also gave me the necessary documents. Saya Biswas while talking to reporters at Kurikhal.
There are times when Christianity teaches contrary to the teachings of Jesus.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner said that there has been a discussion between the two Deputy Commissioners in these areas regarding the suspension of the construction of electricity posts. The Deputy Commissioner of MeEcl said that he will take action.
He said the party would consider forming a new one.
The Bible says that if you touch the nation of Israel, you are touching the face of God.
In order to benefit the people of the state, a 50 day program has been conducted in the state to register all newborns, children, mothers and others who have not yet received their names. shem has already registered himself.
However, it will be difficult and the Executive Council of KHADC, led by the UDP, has been prevented from opposing the Government because the UDP Ministers have agreed with the Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Seng Kur Warjri will celebrate the 40th Anniversary of the Kur Warjri Dorbar which started in
On the other hand, the President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has received the medical report from the Police Commissioner of Guwahati by fax today.
Meghalaya now has 1,461 villages where water has been supplied to every household.
What is needed here is that each one needs to repent now.
Speaking to media, Bah Nongtnger, said that as we have seen, these days that there is a shooting of Khasi children at Golflink, but without finding out the truth, they have spread that it is you are a different nation.
There are also those who believe that the advantage of rice planted in the field is because the rice planted in this way gets more space than the rice planted in the field; so it gets more nourishment and more light from being potted.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, said that among all the Smart City projects, only the implementation of the Smart Road is easier as it has created many problems.
There shall be a Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem Hima headed by one of the Rangbah Shnongs which shall submit its annual report to the Executive Dorbar, Pyllun Dorbar, Legislative Dorbar and Hima Dorbar annually.
Shillong, November 17: The retired teachers of the Meghalaya Retired Deficit Teachers Association (MRDTA) on Saturday demanded that the government led by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) The National People's Party (NPP) has approved the payment of pension and increased the Death-Cum Retirement Gratuity (DCRG) from Rs 3.5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh.
How can I teach the children who are stupid? Our ancestors told us that there is a trick to teach so that the miaw do not eat kulmar.
He said that as true Christians we should follow the teachings of Jesus and we should walk and live like Jesus and not get involved in the pleasures of the world.
In the girls' category, Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam beat Ranikor Sports Club 5-0 with Susanna Lyngdoh scoring in the 4th and 44th minutes. Sharaihababet Lyngdoh in the 14th and 48th minutes and Rideshisha K. Lyngdoh in the 41st minute.
This price is exactly the same as that used by car owners.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Bashida said that the reason why she wrote about Lapalang village, one of the villages in Pynursla district in the North East, is to preserve in books the heritage of today. It has begun to forget the jhur ki jhep, soh ki pai, the games that have disappeared from this village.
Throughout the day, the 3rd Anniversary Cake of the Village Organization was cut with the participation of the invited guests including Bah Garlanding Sunn, Block Coordinator, Bhoirymbong C&RD Block. At the same time, one of the young men of the area who has come forward for his contribution to the community.
How sad we are when the blood of our own people is tortured on the road when we arrive in Bihar.
Whether you like it or not is up to you but it is the truth.
The theme of this year's Yoga Day is “Yoga for Humanity”.
The passing out parade was attended by Rev. NK Syngkli.
President Trump and his wife, Melania Trump, will visit India on 24 and 25 June 2020 at the invitation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“It doesn't matter whether you win or lose, but the people should come and support especially the clubs from Jaintia Hills.
Daniel said the reason for holding this event in Bakur is because it is a tourist destination which has attracted many tourists and even from Bangladesh people come to visit.
They say that politics is the force that can make others do what they need to do.
Kdohhati FC won a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy while Mawlasnai FC won a cash prize. T.10,000 and a trophy.
“Is the expenditure on the projects from the people's money or from the party's money (NPP)?” he asked.
The hospital covers an area of ​​more than 35 acres, has 300 beds, a team of 70 trained doctors and provides a wide range of medical services including Orthopedics, Trauma, Paediatrics & NICU, Obstetrics, Gynaecology, ENT, Skull base Surgery, Physiotherapy, Rehabilitation, bad advanced diagnostics.
The Congress Leader said that according to the tender, the Government had awarded the project at a cost of T.127 crore but later increased the budget to T.181 crore and increased it again to T.181 crore. of Rs 214 crore.
Professional EducationAll professional education is an essential part of higher education.
He said that the area of ​​the market is not less than 8 acres and many people live in this market but from now on, they will not be allowed to live in the market as it is a sacred market. and great of the nation.
Below are the names of the children and the ranks they received during their trip to Guwahati.
The report said that 16 new stadiums or those to be upgraded to a more efficient level will receive a grant of A$1.87 billion in a joint venture between the two governments. 50/50 according to their opinion.
Other sources said the NPP could form a coalition government with the BJP, HSPDP, PDF and two independent MLAs.
However, the driver did not allow this.
The garbage truck was launched two months after the executive committee visited the market.
" while our religious teachers teach to hate one another who belong to other churches.
Then the rulers of the country, such as the Syiems, the Lyngdohs, were no longer like Tirot Singh, but it was seen that many of the Syiems were land dealers, mynder bringers and fighters against the spirit. fight that bun.
According to sources, Congress supporters gathered in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, after the announcement of the UDP candidate for Mairang Constituency. The Congress supporters have alleged that the Returning Officer has announced the wrong resolution.
Lyons' goals were scored by Maxwel Cornet in the 55th and 81st minutes, while Aymeric Laporte in the 62nd and Sergio Aquero in the 62nd minute. 83.
There are still many jobs in the state that can be created in various lines, but if such jobs are created, it will be difficult to fill them with locals because many young people have not been employed. know how to train yourself in this field.
In this regard, the Superintendent of Police, Eastern West Khasi Hills, Mairang on 5th November, said that on 18th November 2019, an FIR was received alleging that A child has been raped by a man named Bah Tephor War Dkhar.
Other demands of the union are not to charge tax on Khasi films as it was done at Dreamland Cinema, to provide subsidy on Khasi films to promote the production of Khasi films and urged the government. to assist in the construction of a Film City in the state with the cooperation of Khasi film producers.
The HNLC wants the government to appoint its ksiang to show that it is concerned about this issue, said a statement from Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC. Where should we go to join the HNLC?  One nation one state Im junom RIKHASIU r selectedThe party and all the leaders of HNC are united, if you have unity you will bring victory especially if you want to do good, but you should not have a spirit of corruption or rebellion. The Government has not spoken about the IOA and SA but has spoken about peace and harmony.
Furthermore, 55 MLA constituencies have been set aside for Scheduled Tribe (ST) candidates and in 5 other Scheduled Tribe (ST) candidates, Genl candidates can also contest.
The meeting was conducted by C.Tangliang who welcomed the guests. Other speakers included Samla Ribok Biam, Yul Sungoh Ex President UDP 13 Saphai, Rikut Parien, President of the BCC, Wanpoi Lyngdoh, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem of the MPCC, and others.
Many young people ask me to be a leader but I can't give them that job according to their wishes. He gave an example "If you want water to drink I have it but if you want "I am only an MLA and it is my right to create opportunities for the youth to drink water. know how to get jobs in the police and others but what is needed for the youth is to be prepared to be smart and stingy in the physical fields by running step by step to strengthen the body and also to work hard to prepare for the development of the mind because if any job comes that is not in the government or police jobs will be able to become chess, don't wait until you have Get information now and tomorrow to complete your requirements.
The 80-year-old man was shot in the arm and was rushed to the hospital and later transferred to a hospital in Phoenix. .
The favor of God was lost, and when the favor of God was lost, human laws and human ideas arose, and the Word of God was taught by human teachings that were passed down from generation to generation.
In the first match, Wapungskur SWO drew 1-1 with Musniang DKSC. In the second match, Lama Youth SC drew 1-1 Lion Sports Club Borghat beat 2-0 goals.
It can only operate in the district council areas if the district councils give their approval,” said Bah Khongwir.
It is therefore that the Constituent Assembly has decided that India should become a democratic country.
Manipur failed to tied first and managed to score 253 runs with Bikash Singh top scoring 73 runs, Md Sultan Karim (53 runs) assisted. team to score many runs.
Virginia police on Tuesday arrested a robber with four small arms for shooting inside a park in the Richmond area of ​​Virginia on Sunday evening. two.
They can never forget the suffering and martyrdom of Jesus on the cross for Jews, Arabs, Palestinians, slaves, fishermen, poor, women and others who were allowed to be persecuted by the Caesars of the Roman Empire.
On the same day, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, together with Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, visited a place under the Raid Nongkhrah near the village. Lumbyrhing, for the purpose of turning this place into one of the places to become a Sohtrun Market.
Revelation 13:3
Then there’s that royalty on forest products and natural resources.
For the sake of the honor of Mawlai Pyllun and especially for the sake of the Bri U Hynniewtrep, we are expected to march in order to Madan Polo and after the opening of the Durbarruh, said a statement from Bah SD. President's Speech.
Regarding this misunderstanding, I would like to suggest that if the children are given by the clan of the father, the children of our sons will be shikur as an example if the father is the clan “ A"'s sons' children shall also inherit the category "A" while the daughters of "A" after marriage shall inherit the caste "B" C" "D" and so on.
India's players for the fourth Test are Rohit Sharma (C), Jasprit Bumrah (VC), Yashasvi Jaiswal, Shubman Gill, Rajat Patidar, Sarfaraz Khan, Dhruv Jurel (WK), KS Bharat (WK) , Devdutt Padikkal, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj, Mukesh Kumar and Akash Deep.
Syiem said the Executive Committee (EC) has not yet taken a decision on the report of the Committee.
“The union which met with the shopkeepers has listened to the plight and humiliation of these shopkeepers who earn their living in the morning and eat at night, that during the outbreak of Covid-1 -19 This land has been donated by the Forest Department for the purpose of selling agricultural products as well as other activities related to food and beverages.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today formed a new Council of Traditional Heads.
The KSU also alleged that this slaughter of fish happens every day and is more severe on Saturdays and Sundays.
“Today is a special day in the North East since Modi became Prime Minister, he has worked tirelessly for the Northeast,” he said.
This was answered by MDC Robinus Syngkon.
According to a statement issued by the security department, after receiving a tip, the police of Kakching area together with the 37 Assam Rifles on Sunday night went to the scene. KCP police have arrested a KCP member from a hideout in Sekmaijin Heibong Makhong area, Kakching district.
Daniel 9:1-23.
"Lano said first. "Yes, I'm stepping step by step. I'm coming in..." said Kongthei.
The crew of the ship tried hard to extinguish the fire, but could not and the crew had to be evacuated from the ship, the report said.
Nongpoh: Three children under the age of 4 years have lost their lives in Khliehumtrew village in Ri Bhoi district. While they were playing in the skum kba, when the skum kba suddenly caught fire, until these children lost their precious lives.
The tournament started on the 12th of this month with the participation of 32 teams divided into 8 groups.
It may be recalled that Mawtharia village has experienced its own case of coronavirus, where an employee of Dr John Sailo, has contracted the disease, but has recovered from treatment.
However, the VC did not withdraw.
On this occasion, at the public service which was held at 10 pm, a story from the Word of God was delivered by Pastor HL Marsing, who distributed some parts of the Word of God. , based on the Book of Jonah, from chapters 1 to 3, which is also the story of the experience of Jonah, who was about to run away from God, when God sends him to preach to the City of Nineveh.
“I expect that the participation of young people to come to the polling stations during the election will increase the participation of voters in the district,” said the DC. Speakers included former MLA HB Dan, ADC SC Laloo, Genl.
The story of the film is about political crime and love story.
According to police sources, the missing woman (whose name has not been revealed) is from Riwiang Village.
Nine people have died in Wales today and three doctors are in critical condition at a London hospital.
“Whatever we do is legal.
He urged the public to cooperate by spreading only accurate information, and not by spreading propaganda news so that the world's goal of eradicating rabies can be achieved. .
In the boys' category, M Rapsang and Mri.
The leaders of the I.League clubs want to merge the I.League with the ISL, with proper rules especially how many teams will compete and how many will rise and how many will fall.
“How to mix: Take one small ball.
Dkhiah West won the T20 Cricket Tournament by beating Iongkaluh by four wickets in the final match played at Mookhep on Saturday.
The 127th Anniversary of the Unitarian Church was attended by various leaders including the Father of All Saints, the Maharaj of Ramakrishana Mission and other invitees. please.
“We’re not just thinking about the present, but also about the future generation.
Cash prizes of 2500/-, 1500/- and 1000/- as well as certificates and medals from the Athletic Federation of India were also prepared.
“I didn't think that the Congress party which used to win every time was a disciplined party, but this Congress party has now broken the form. Twelve members have joined the TMC and 5 members will start leaving other parties,” said Bah Jemino.
Hamjngai Sutnga has lodged a complaint on the 10th of this month at 2:30 pm against Iohlang Sutnga while he was coming from his farm when unidentified persons allegedly led by Dawemankmen Sukhaliñ killed him. Iohlang was arrested and killed at Krenshrieh in Khaidong village, East Jaintia Hills.
The winners from these zones will compete in the finals, the date and venue of which will be announced later.
The date for the election is scheduled for 16th June.
Minister of Health and Family Welfare of Assam !!Since when ?.
There was a lot of talk about the attacks on Khasi living on the border in the past, especially the incident in Sahsniang in 2003 where 4000 Khasi had to flee from Block 1 due to harassment by the Assam police and Karbi, the shooting of Khasi in Langpih Market, West Khasi Hills in 2010 in which four Khasi elders were killed, the killing of Bah Tyngshain Mukhim by Nepali soldiers on the Ri Bhoi border in Raid Nongrung in 2018, the shooting death of five Khasi elders in Mukroh and other incidents.
In a statement, the UDP Mawlai Circle, which was signed by the Youth Wing Leaders, said that in a survey conducted by many residents of Mawlai, many of them said that Babu Gervasis is the right candidate for the party. in the 2014 MDC election in Mawlai.
What's beautiful?.
Then the Pastor and Tymmenbasan went to visit him many times.
She said that under the Emergency Covid Relief Package-1, T 25 crore has been allocated to Meghalaya and under the Emergency Covid Relief Package-2, T 117 crore has been allocated.
Umkor Urksew Pynursla Sports Club (Uup SC) is one of the oldest clubs in the Riwar Mihngi Pynursla area. The Tournament 2023 will open the tournament with the opening match between Iewduh SC and Nongrim Hills SC from Shillong at 3 pm at the UUP SC Ground Urksew.
“In Para-6 of the Office Memorandum dated Garo, other STs & SC,” he said.
When selling to the Veterinary, he said that there are agencies who come to collect the money from the village, and the money is paid by the government department once a month.
Jowai, June 28: Chief Superintendent of Police, Additional SP and Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District today visited Borato and Maitdein to reconcile the two villages. ad in which the property of Maitdein village has been damaged especially in terms of livestock and crops yesterday.
Speaking during a visit to the GVK EMRI office in Lawmali, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that these workers have been on strike for 9 days. and it should be understood that they are not only coming to work but also to serve the people.
What is surprising is that our leaders, especially those from Khasi-Jaintia, have become blind when they see and deaf when they hear.
Also present on the occasion, the Symbut Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong and Minister in charge of Electricity in Meghalaya, while speaking on the occasion, expressed his satisfaction with the The North East Regional Power Committee has been appointed to discuss the issues of the states affected by the shortage of electricity and he hopes that through this Committee they will be able to discuss many areas where we can strengthen the electricity supply. electricity generation to meet the needs of the people in these states in the North Eastern Region of India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: U Bah Jrop Sing Nongkhlaw, who contested from the Congress in the last MLA election, has joined the BJP and has been appointed to look after the BJP Shella Mandal for the year 2019.
There are no parabens, mineral oils, or fragrance additives in this oil, so it is safe for the skin of newborns.
In his speech, the CM said that the opening of this fertilizer plant will strongly support the measures taken by the state government to improve agriculture without the use of pesticides.
As part of the development of the village, the Dorbar Shnong Laitlum has taken this as one of the ways to develop and attract more tourists by collecting fees from the people who visit the village. place.
The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) has celebrated its 40th Anniversary (1982-2022) of its service in Rilum. Jaintia on Friday.
The Sport for Good award was awarded to TeamUp, a program for children who died in the war, which was initiated by Barcelona and Poland star Robert Lewandowski.
The director said that according to the recent decision of the Supreme Court, it is prohibited to build or erect statues in any public place.
“The best thing is to give guns to the people of Mukroh to protect themselves,” he said.
In Rambrai, the contest will be between Congress-Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang and HSPDP world champion Paliar while in Mawthadraishan, the UDP candidate Jambor Nongwar will contest. HSPDP candidate Landingstar Warjri.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has prepared eight recommendations to be sent to the Government on the issue of Reservation Policy and Roster System.
ARTICLE 7.
At the Zero Hour, TMC MP Sudip Bandopadhyay raised the issue of including the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“As a medical graduate, I know that before we take a patient to the hospital, we have to examine him thoroughly, whether he is healthy or not, but this BJP government has done stupidly. until it brings harm to the people of the country,” he said.
She is the daughter of Mrs. Beautina V. Kurkalang and Mr. Kitbor W. Nongrum of Mylliem Mawrie Parish, Upper Shillong.
The tournament started between Dkhar FC Modop and Tyrshang Sport Club.
To ensure the smooth running of gambling activities in the state, the Cabinet today approved the Meghalaya Regulations Gaming Rules. it will be two crores for one year.
Tomorrow, NSA will play against Sabahmuswang at 11 am while Ksehsylle Ialong will play against Demthring at 1 pm.
He has been the MDC of the constituency for a long time and this time he will contest again from the Congress party.
The 62 weeks also ended in 32 AD or after Jesus Christ.
The associations that have joined the MFA will complete their leagues by 30th November
The injured, who are from Nginiong village, are still in hospital.
Although Ewanmidao Pyrtuh (24) and Dawanchwami Passah (25) supported and raised the runs for the team, the failure of the other players to score a big run led to the loss. Tura didn't take advantage of their tied ball.
This video has angered the residents of the area who have seen this incident of this Longkmie, who demanded that strict action should be taken against the people who cross the road.
He said that while the family was being raped by the ASI, two policemen under him escaped and returned with a team of commandos where they took the police chief away.
After that they became teachers of the kings of Persia.
“Like me, I have more time to work in party activities to develop policies and programs of the UDP which is a coalition partner in the government,” he said.
The program was held on 20.10.2016 at Tyrso Village Square with the participation of the residents of Tyrso and surrounding areas, and especially with the participation of schools. teacher too.
When asked whether the district councils are not empowered by the Sixth Scheduled, Dr Sangma said that according to the Constitution, the laws establishing the district councils will die if they are not empowered by the Constitution. in accordance with the laws of the State Government.
Jyntialin Warbah won the silver medal in the Junior 48kg category, Nangteishaphrang Nongkynruh won the silver medal, Jefferson Ryndong won the silver medal in the Junior 48kg category and Bansahnam Nongbet won the bronze medal in the Junior 48kg category. In the sub junior 35kg category, Martina Blah won the silver medal, Daowanmi Mynsong won the silver medal and Nangsanshaphrang Kharbithai won the silver medal.
Doctors believe that drinking a glass of whole milk mixed with shynrai is beneficial for good sleep.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The KJP Western Synod has sent a letter to the Law Commission of India to oppose the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
Nathanial Ethan Rymbai in the 32nd minute and Dasalan Bareh in the 50th minute scored the goals for Lumkyrwiang.
Other benefits of the Medical College include: hotels, shops, pharmacies, grocery stores, soh/kwai shops, etc, taxis and others. dkhar Flood/Snowflake.
The incident occurred on Wednesday, according to the report.
In the third match, Nangbah Mooknor beat Tpeppale 2-0. Poimidanial Thubru scored the goals in the 49th minute and Soki Lamare scored the second goal for Nangbah Mooknor. 60 minutes.
Lower Mawpremwww.saindur.
Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills District.
I strongly condemn such unfounded violence.
AIS SujaThe Great White Throne Judgment, which will take place after 1000 years (The Millennium), is the second resurrection of sinners who were not resurrected in the First Resurrection.
Other government officials present included Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Secretary to the State Government in charge of Agriculture and Farmer Welfare, Deputy Commissioners of West and East Jaintia Hills District including BS Sohliya, IAS and Abhilash Baranwal, IAS and Superintendent of Police Chemphang Syrti.
During the search of the first vehicle (Tata Sumo ML-05-M-1597) in the presence of witnesses, four boxes of soap containing stem powder weighing 43.33 gm were recovered. From the second vehicle (Tata Sumo MZ-01-K-3872), 44 boxes of soap containing powder weighing 516.43 gm were seized.
GSU President TG Momin has strongly condemned the NPP's decision to give ticket to a foreigner and alleged that the party is only talking when it has already announced that it will not contest against a foreigner. but now it is become a desolation.
She said that the party will continue to serve the people and the party will focus on speaking or doing many shortcomings in the state so that Meghalaya and “Even in the North East, India is still growing in all aspects and this party is also a well-known party in India,” she added.
There are many candidates who do not have the knowledge, responsibility, loyalty and vision.
Why doesn't the Municipal Election fail if there is a complete law?
U Bah Banteilang will be buried today at his village Lalsharai; Nandeshwar will be cremated today at Jhalupara, said DHS Dr A War.
Speaking to reporters, they urged the SDO (Civil) to ban the movement of trucks every market day and to release them only at night to free the people from the market. you are welcome.
Referring to the step taken by the government to ensure that the doctoral students who are studying from the government should serve in the state, the Minister said that the government has implemented the social agreement. They have agreed to send a letter to all the doctoral students who have not appeared or worked from 1995-96 to 2012-2
Shillong, July 30: U EM of KHADC, Bah Donkupar Sumer, who is also MDC of Umsning, today visited Mawser village to inspect the construction of the market. new events will be held once a month in the village.
She said she had spoken to the KHNAM leaders who had complained to her and explained to them how the incident happened, but she said she promised to correct the mistakes and return them. “It's just a coincidence, that the delivery person may be wrong,” said Sister Maria Thomas.
Police immediately set up a checkpoint at Ladrymbai and at 3:00 am, police seized the vehicle.
If you find that you are really wrong, why don't you say that you are afraid of that?
What follows is that those people are no longer willing to clean up without thinking about the dignity and morality of others around them, or of society.
“The Government has allocated Rs 120 crore for the upgradation of 40 Block Offices in the state, and Rs 2.77 crore for the construction of this Block Office. no that's it.
In the boys' category, Mawkyrwat Presbytery Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat scored 53 to 32 points against Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
He said that he did not go to Delhi but to take his children abroad.
The BJP MP's actions have prompted even the famous Tamil writer Ashokamitran to comment: “I don't know what provoked him to say that. MP.Most Tamils ​​want Tamil to be spoken all over the country.
In West Jaintia Hills, Darrang, Dawki and Shnongpdeng are the three villages that have been affected by the flooding of the Umngot River.
He said that although he joined the UDP, he will never forget to speak on the issues he spoke about when he was a leader of the party.
July 14, 2020: Group A (South Zone Qualifiers) vs Services.
Volume II contains the statement (Part-I) and the appendix (Part-II).
Bah Tongkhar also informed that on the 22nd November 2022, the 100 bedded Hospital at Mawkyrwat will be opened and this will be a benefit to the people of the District as a whole.
In this way, it has led to the emergence of ethnic differences between the Khasi and Garo people.
Speaking to Rupang, on the ongoing border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam, he said that there has been an insult to the Jaintia Hills, where the Assam has taken over the Jaintia Hills and merged with the Mikir Hills.
This was announced by Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while speaking to reporters this evening.
The event was attended by traditional dances from Shangpung, Nongkynrih, Psiar and other villages in Jowai.
Therefore, when he saw that his life was in danger, the BSF soldier shot again at the wheel of the truck but the driver turned left and stumbled.
The quake struck about 35 kilometers east of Herat and measured 6.3 on the Richter scale, according to the US Geological Survey. Turkey and Syria, including Turkey and Syria, have reported 50,000 deaths in June last year. .
Nongstoiñ, Lber 1: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem on Tuesday visited Nongstoin to visit and donate to the victims of the truck overturning incident. This happened on the 26th of this month at Jaidohkroh Nongpung.
“We demand from the NEHU authorities to clarify who gave permission to them (ABVP and RSS) to enter the campus.
Riangdo, July 18: After the District Council through the 15th Finance Commission 2020-21 has allocated about Rs 2 crore for the construction of a Super Market in Riangdo, the residents of the area have witnessed the construction of the Super Market. The market has progressed and many expect that it will be completed within two years.
According to information received, five penny companies have been closed down during the ARPA rule and they are Maheshwary at Kulang-Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills. Pvt.
Besides the Mawlai By-Pass, the improvement of the road from Shillong to Nongstoin to Garo Hills, the Shillong-Dawki, Shillong-Sohra road and others under construction. The government is trying its best to improve the roads across the state.
It is to be recalled that this bridge was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma in July 2019, and to the surprise of many churches, it has not been completed for 3 years, but it has collapsed. how.
Ma Pala said the MUA government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma and himself since the NGT 2014 ban on coal mining in the state have taken the initiative to monitor and talk to the central government especially the Home Ministry and other government departments of the central government to lift the ban on coal mining in the state. The files are now on the desk of the MDA coalition government.
If they (teachers) participate in political parties, it will be enough," he added.
The Community Crisis Management Team will continue to assist the poor and needy families.
“If the HSPDP doesn't get the right leaders, the party instead of growing will decline slowly because many of the supporters don't like the working methods and management of the leaders. “I am not at the head of the party,” said Bah Wanniang.
Therefore, the union on this day has removed all the shops selling this food and has warned all the shops whether they are in the market or in the villages that they are not. “If the union finds anyone who violates the understanding, the union will take strict action against the shopkeepers,” said Enlang Sawian, General Secretary.
The Minister said in the video that although there are only two or three of these Sengbhalang, he has taken the time to meet with them, even though there are still many Sengbhalang from Garo Hills which have not yet existed. only in this campaign.
Shillong, June 02: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya has decreased steadily with the number of recoveries increasing day by day.
“Allow the examination and please cooperate because it is for our children and if there are no officers it is a problem,” he said.
Some of the residents who were waiting for the incident saw the incident and went to turn around but at that time the policeman fired at them too.
He said that 74 residents have been sent to harvest the rice from two pata in Nongjrong.
Police suspect that the man was killed on Friday night.
Speaking after the meeting, Prestone Tynsong said, “We will revive the MSS Act 2015 because we want to strengthen this Act.
The train carried 856 people from Meghalaya.
The Lamphang at that time also recognized the MPF as the Opposition and later appointed the Opposition Chief Whip.
The bus caught fire and the three passengers lost their lives and 30 out of the 43 passengers were injured.
Iron Maiden has competed against other bands for the 2023 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction. Iron Maiden has been nominated for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the number of votes has led the band to rise above George Michael, Cyndi Lauper and Warren Zevon.
Amlarem, Nailur 5: The KSU War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday met with IW Laloo SDO (civil) of Amlarem Sub-Division at its office regarding the overcrowding on the NH4 , due to the overcrowding of trucks carrying coal until the road has turned into only one lane for about 22 km, from Lad Amtapoh to Dawki.
He said that the branch has been occupied from time to time in Assam and therefore there is a need for a strong governance.
The party through the Secretary of the UDP Khatarshnong Zonal Unit, Bah Stogent, has rejected the statement of Bah Riskhem Prang. Sohra Titosstarwell Chyne, who is also the incumbent MDC of Sohra constituency, has no knowledge or intention to do what Riskhem Prang said.
Replying to a question on the Governor's speech, Conrad said that the preparations for the scientific mining of coal have just begun.
The festival started with a marathon in which young men and women, children and parents took part.
The excessive electricity shortage has affected the activities of the people whether they are online or computer users and other activities, where in this age of technology without electricity all electricity works have been suspended.
The meeting was conducted by Bah HL Nongsiang President and Bah T Lyngkhoi Secretary of the Union. the leaders of the JAC Maweit.
The color of the blood is the same as red.
Therefore, if the time comes for the Israelites to build the Third Temple, it shows that we have entered the end time, the last day mentioned in Daniel 9: 27.
He also urged the students not to forget the nation whether they are in any job.
The MPHRC wants to know who and since when has the police been empowered in the name of the law to beat and bomb people at will? Shouldn't the police take other measures to enforce the law without injuring the people?” said the Council leader.
There are too many desires and aspirations from jobs in the communities to in the private sector.
When asked how the election is going, he said that the Executive Committee will have to submit the names of the candidates who want to take over the post of President. He said that if the candidates do not support each other, there will be an election to be conducted by the election committee of the party which can be by voice vote or ballot paper according to the rules. the election committee.
He said that if you look closely, you can see how many chief executives have had to rise to the white house because the district council has put behind its constitution according to the 6th Schedule, which is to protect and preserve the district council. the customs and traditions.
This is a pond, which was built of dewbilat, in which water has been supplied to the areas, which have been flooded and are no longer suitable for planting, at a cost of T.27 lakh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on November 20, said that any construction by the Assam government will not be allowed while it is within the border of Meghalaya.
The non-government teachers in the state have demanded that the government should release their monthly salaries but after a while, this may happen this time.
The JSU through Khliehriat Circle strongly condemns the MDA government's neglect of the district despite the fact that a lot of revenue comes from East Jaintia Hills District but the government does not believe in the rights of the people of East Jaintia Hills District.
Referring to the violation of Section 144 CrPC by these four organizations, Prestone said, “I urge everyone to respect the law and when talking about the law let the departments responsible for implementing it. When asked about the protest and the upcoming elections, Prestone said, “No one can take the law at will and that peace and order will not be violated.” I don't have anything to say about this, but let the people judge.
At the same time, a quiz competition was held for children under 16 years of age. The winners were Kyntiewdorlin Nongsiej who came first and Arkitshwa Marbaniang who came second. and Kyrmenlang Nongsiej in the third place.
The rumor that the Aadhaar number is the number of the beast with 666 also comes from women.
Two of the dead included the children of a cook at the school, Panno Devi, while three other children of another cook, Manju Devi, are still undergoing treatment. in Patna, where the cook is also in the same bed.
Although the Lok Sabha MP elections are only a year away, the people will vote again in
At the meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Legislative Assembly and Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, requested the KHADC authorities to respond immediately to the State Government authorities on the letter. No.D.O.No9/10/2012 – NE-1 Dated 18th November 2012, from the Joint Secretary, Union Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India since 2012, and in which the State Government has sought clarification from the KHADC authorities but there was no answer.
Mukul's remarks show that there has been a strong difference between CEM Bah Pynshngain on the appointment of MDC. Mukul Sangma, on the other hand, wants to re-elect him after he was defeated in the Nongstoin by-election.
Israel on this occasion has made it clear that it is unwilling to move forward with the war in Gaza despite the demands and urge of many countries and international organizations to Israel. the war in Gaza must end in order to deliver aid to the people of Gaza.
Yes, it is necessary and at the same time there are dangers.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar today said there has been no difference of opinion within the party and Maharashtra Chief Secretary Ajit Pawar has remained the Chief Secretary of Maharashtra. my leader.
A spokesman for the Federal Ministry of Finance said the fine would start at 30 Swiss francs (£26) and a maximum of 3,000 Swiss francs (£2,667). they shall be punished.
He also accused other parties of being a source of trouble without jobs.
In this parable, the first workers agreed to the agreed wage.
We know your votes and they recognize you only through us,” said the AIADMK leader.
The Magistrate has sent back the trucks to Jowai along with the garbage they have carried since Friday night.
Marak, government employees and teachers.
Members of the State Disaster Response Force (SRDF), NIM, army and police landed by helicopter on the hill today after seeing 10 people. person in the same place.
Sandeep Siangshai scored the first goal in the 45+3rd minute of the first half to put Niaw Wasa ahead and Dashngain Sukhalin scored the second goal. the second goal in the 82nd minute of the second half.
Mrs Emwazi and her husband, Jasem, 51, are now being questioned by Kuwaiti police after confirming that he was their son, one of the ISIS killers. Emwazi said his wife was shocked to see that it was her son, who had covered his face and showed that he was a human being.
The KSU has erected flexes and banners around Shillong to inform the public that the Mukroh incident has been completed for one year today. November.
Police said that according to the investigation, they have not found anything suspicious in connection with the incident. He was a drunkard and on the evening of the 2nd of this month, he left home to catch puit in the rice field but since that day he has not returned home.
The Association, after receiving permission from the PHE department through the office of the Executive Engineer PHE Electrical Division, has since yesterday morning tried to rescue the PHE vessel which has been inside the river for about 39 days. but today, 29th June, 2024, the ship was repaired using a JCB.
The union also urged these companies to take immediate action and if in the coming days the network is not sufficient, the union will not hesitate to think of other ways, said the statement from Samla Shibait. Rymbai, Publicity Secretary, KSU Wapung Unit.
“It is sad to see that in the past five years there has been no growth in the state but it has declined.
Joslit – 8893358900, Dr.Sr.
Referring to the Khasi community of Meghalaya, he said that it will endanger the Khasi, the inheritance and customs as the implementation of the UCC will lead to an unacceptable discrimination against the Khasi community. mother who is unique to the Khasi people.
These 37 selected athletes were the best performers from the leading districts in the Chief Minister State Level Athletics Meet which was held this year.
He said that the people should not just wait for schemes from the government but should understand that the maintenance of forests is the responsibility of the villagers as well.
Speaking to Rupang, the Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr N. Wanswet, said that the Ganesh Das Hospital is only a district hospital. have that option to do it, but the higher authorities (government) probably could have thought of it.
The question is, in our participation as Christians, if you are the leader of the country, do you speak the voice of the people? If not, it means you have gone the wrong way.
The 2021-22 league season will end on 30th November
Therefore, it is prohibited to take passes while walking in the area and the rules must be followed and anyone who violates the rules will be punished according to the rules of law.
“Shen we will meet with the Chief Minister to discuss this, and as soon as he comes we will be able to talk to clarify because we are in the government we need to clarify for the sake of the government. “It is for the benefit of the people of our state,” he said, adding that the party's position is to stand against it because they are afraid that if the language is lost, the Jaidbynriew will also be lost.
Shillong: Police of Dainadubi OP on July 11 at 1.30 pm, arrested two bolero vehicles AS-18C-9870 and AS-15C-5482 carrying coal at Dangkong NGH. Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District Unit under the leadership of Samla John Fisher has fled the scene and both the vehicles have been taken to Dainadubi. Nongsiang President and General Secretary Samla Rishotskhembor Kharbani today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa to monitor the proposal to build a check gate in Athiabari West Khasi Hills District. Hills.
Shillong: Out of the 423 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 239 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills today. 161 high risk contacts, 4 cases from Anjalee cluster, 1 case from Barapathar cluster, 3 cases from Bishnapur cluster, 13 cases from Jaiaw cluster, 8 cases from Laban cluster, 4 cases from Lawjynriew cluster, 11 cases from Madanryting cluster, cases from Mawprem cluster, 6 cases from Mawryngkneng cluster, 5 cases from Nongmynsong cluster, 3 cases from Oakland cluster, 3 cases from police, 1 case from Khyndailad cluster, 4 cases from Polo cluster, 23 cases from Pynthorumkhrah cluster, 2 cases from Qualapatty cluster cases from Raj Bhavan cluster, 14 cases from Rilbong cluster, 29 cases from Shiliang Jasher cluster, 8 cases from Umlyngka cluster and 15 cases from Golflink cluster.
The program will include dramas, stories, quizzes, interviews of experts and songs produced by the SVEEP (Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation) division of the Election Commission of India. .
This incident has prompted the doctors of the country to start treatment to lyngki lah ki male shrieh, so that the shrieh will not spread too much in the coming days.
However, at present, the Rs 2 crore has been spent only on the purchase of tin, shatri, shawla, blankets, balls and other minor expenses, even a few months before the elections”.
“All of us, we can't help but cry when we see these incidents,” said the Parachute Regiment soldier.
Those who wish or need to come to Mawlong Village must obtain a certificate from the Waheh Shnong of the village where they are staying that they do not have symptoms of Covid-1 primary or secondary contact with people who are positive or can bring a Covid Report which they have already tested themselves and also must follow the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya.
The CBI has registered a complaint against the TMC leader alleging that Mishra is involved in coal corruption in connection with the Coalfields Limited coal mine at Kunustorïi, Kajora and Ascension.
For example, in Khasi Hills, the war against the Dkhar/Khynra mynder by the Bhalang will win or lose. I don't think we can continue to drive away because we have been ruled by foreigners.
However, what surprises us is that when we look at the situation in the rule of law under the leadership of the BJP, it has put the people of the country in trouble and suffering. The Prime Minister of the country has said that there is a shortage of vaccine and oxygen in the country. deaths due to lack of this drug to prevent this disease and also tyndong lyer.
In class 11 & 12, you will start in Commerce and Arts stream.
He said that in 1996, the electricity consumption in the state was only 185 Mega Watt while the current consumption has reached 600 Mega Watt and only 356.2 Mega Watt was generated. the state while the largest amount has not been purchased abroad.
After committing the robbery, the robbers also threw a white flag on a tree in the area. Shallang Police Station, after receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene to conduct a search operation.
“We will see on that day, who can bring more people, the state government, the KHADC or the Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Blah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that the 10 villages have gone to the government authorities twice to complain to the government authorities. He said that it was in July this year that they came for the last time and after that a few months ago the District authorities came to inspect the bridge and they promised to the leaders of the Union “However, unfortunately, we have not seen any sign yet,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Do you think that the education in the State has increased or decreased ? ? ? Education is the most important thing of all.
In Garo Hills, too, there are those who demand the development of Civil Sub Divisions to make it easier and more efficient for the people.
I believe that all those who work hard will also benefit physically.
He said that as a leader of the state and the state government, he does not recognize the General Secretary of the TMC. The State President of the NPP has also been elected.
According to information received, the incident happened while Amison Muruh, 35, was alone in his house. with a kind of weapon that is cut off from the back of the neck until it dies completely.
Besides the danger of these tins, which have been damaged and which can be closed at any time if a strong wind blows, which has affected them again, they said that it is the pipe that burns every time. where the water flows into their dwellings which causes a serious disease.
Debasmita Dutta scored 2/7 and Vandana Mahajan 1/12 for Meghalaya while Dutta and Saee Purandare scored 14 runs each.
Ram Temple3
Earlier, they had gone to the company's office in Siatbakon, but on their way back to Shillong, they were chased and their vehicle was hit by the ARSS vehicle. Company.
Shillong: Four MDCs of the JHADC have demanded a CBI inquiry into the misuse of Special Assistance Grants by the Executive Committee (EC). (SAG) within the council.
It may be recalled that the Jeet Kune Do players have won many medals in the past years not only from the state but also from various national and international championships.
Besides, they also threatened not to inform the DC, the police and not to announce in the newspapers.
He said that the leaders now are like slaves who don't know the opinion of the District Council because they go to the District Council only for their own benefit.
On the 3rd of this month at 11 pm, police arrested Ronaldful Marwein (26) and Shainborlang Lyngkhoi from Mawkyrwat Bus Stand in Iewduh, Shillong. Police have found that they too were planning to go to Motphran to join the protesters.
On the 16th and 23rd, nothing will be discussed as only government affairs will be scheduled.
During the elections they receive money and after the elections they receive all the benefits.
“We rely on the committee headed by the Chief Secretary to search for experts and we don't want to say who should join and who shouldn't and let this committee do its part,” he said. He is confident that the appointment of this Expert Committee by the government will succeed because many of the committees appointed by the government have ended in failure without producing any results. The party itself is confident that the government will expedite this work and “that this committee will not just fail but will have fruitful results,” he said.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The 10th Secondary School Football Knock Out Tournament 2023-24 has been held at Pdengshakap Stadium, West Jaintia Hills.
Ernest said Meghalaya will benefit greatly from this scheme.
Besides these two, Himalaya Shangpliang has resigned from the Trinamool Congress and joined the BJP. He joined the BJP at a meeting held in New Delhi recently.
If it doesn’t show up, the public will always mean that they don’t work at all and lose trust in the police department as a whole.
However, Saleng M Sangma, who asked additionally, said that this scheme is not useful at all because the government has not been able to open the door for the farmers to market their products. very large and very small grant.
Furthermore, do not use any electronics or water pipes during the rainy season, check or secure any damaged buildings, do not park vehicles under trees, post lights and others. other buildings because they may collapse during a storm.
This can be done only by getting the police to release all those smuggled coal trucks.
This is just a scientific trick to cover up in front of the people what he has done from behind and to understand with the government he is with.
When I came down, I asked for a car, but it didn't work.
He became the first Prime Minister of the country to drop the Khasi Bomb.
At the same time, the Union has requested the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Supply South West Khasi Hills, to clarify on the National Food Security Act scheme, as the area has never received rice and wheat. ration since the implementation of the NFSA Act in the State.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairman Tenyson Rymbui and General Secretary Starwell Paduna, his family members, children, brothers and sisters. asked the knife.
Khliehriat, Naitung 24: Although the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, have announced the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC prohibiting the parking of vehicles on the bridges in Sonapyrdi area, latest reports say that there are still Vehicles are parked on the bridges especially on the bridge on the Lukha River and this happens especially during the traffic jam in the area.
As a true Christian, God has written me to lead you people and to surrender to you people.
Bikash Nandwani, owner of Meghalaya Machineries shop, was shot dead by petrol while sitting in his shop.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 18 : The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, today announced that Section 144 CrPC has been enacted which prohibits the holding of fishing competitions and public gatherings in fish ponds with less than This order was implemented after receiving information that some private individuals and groups are holding fishing competitions/public meetings in nearby fishing ponds. PWD roads (Roads), which disrupts the traffic and also disrupts the movement of the public.
He blessed Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, saying, “I see in Bah Teibor the quality of a leader and there is no one in this world who can be perfect from all sides. .
She said the BJP is one of the parties that respects the power of women in politics.
Shillong: U Bah Himalaya Shangpliang MLA of Mawsynram Constituency today visited the market to meet with the farmers to listen to their problems.
Similarly, Ratcliffe's INEOS company, which has been a strong supporter of the club since childhood, is looking for ways to get full control with the support of many by buying the ticket. The Glazers have played chess.
Speaking at the meeting, KSU General Secretary Bah Donal V Thabah said that the state government has been pleased to deploy Special Forces to arrest the insurgents. There are also rebel groups in Shillong.
At present, the Minister said that the information they have received shows that West Khasi Hills is a district that they have to take care of among other districts of the state.
The meeting was conducted by HANM Finance Secretary Samla G. Sohlang, President Samla Lamphrang Kharbani, President Samla P. Jyrwa, President Samla P.Jyrwa, President Samla Wadborlin Nongphud. FKJGP Rambrai, HANM leaders from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Legislative Assembly and the people should understand why this goal has not been achieved yet.
It is learned that those who live on the border with Mizoram, have been intimidated by the people, who have threatened to blow up these people on the border.
He said that only a few parts of Rambrai Jyrngam have been completed in the first phase of the boundary demarcation and those are the Tarabari Sector and Gizang Reserve Forest but Langpih which is the The border crossing has not yet been affected because the second phase is still pending.
South Garo Hills has qualified for the final and is the first team in Zone
“Bah Michael has been accused of touching a Rabha and on this, the victim has lodged a complaint with the Assam police,” said James.
The program was attended by religious leaders, NGO leaders and police.
The Army, together with local government officials in Arunachal Pradesh, on Tuesday conducted a Friendship Medical Camp at Pangsau Pass in parts of the India-Myanmar border to benefit the people of Myanmar. residents of Pangsau and Arakan Gut in the Sagaing region of the neighboring country.
“The State and Autonomous District Councils, which are responsible for recognizing and empowering the Hima Chiefs, have not been willing to do so because of their secret intentions,” said the statement.
He said the Government of India will look at how much has been achieved and what areas have not been achieved and after that, it will set new targets and that may be in 10 years – it may be. by 2036 or 2046 and thus the targets will be set one by one.
The Minister said that this scheme is to help the villages and farmers who protect the environment.
This has frightened the people who want to settle in this village and also they don't want to go to the milk shops where the people of this village work to earn a living. This village is located on the NH
I feel that the District Council authorities, like these 137 members, should live together, rule fairly, without partiality, to strengthen those who are worthy and honest and to punish those who deserve to be punished. , especially to the Chiefs of Hima, Raid, Shnong who have been involved.
The victim sustained minor head injuries, said Bah Nongspung.
The tournament was organized by the Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA) at Ladjaplem Mini Stadium, Amlarem on 11th November.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: A woman from Meghalaya has alleged that she was raped by three Keralites while she was on the Guwahati Ex Press Train on Tuesday night.
¢Do not touch the person who has been electrocuted as he may be electrocuted.
He said that most of the Congress MLAs/MDCs who hold the posts of Chairman, Co-Chairman or Vice Chairman in various government departments and these too do not receive salaries.
The JAC of Sengbhalang has decided to suspend the operation of these factories after the 15 days deadline for these factories to suspend has expired. They also expressed their demand at a meeting to protest against the existence of these factories held at Shahlang Market on 12th November
The directive was issued for the benefit of the people, and advised the media and electronic media to refrain from publishing advertisements about online gambling sites.
To do so is right and not against other nations.
It is understood that the visit to the youth in schools and other places will be in other towns in Garo Hills, although for now, they will focus on Tura.
I did not say that Christianity came to destroy our cultural system entirely, as many claim it did.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of the KSU, said that the two members, who were arrested by the MPDA, have been granted bail by the court, but at the same time, he denied. , who were involved in the explosion of a petrol bomb at a shop in Bishnupur, during the ILP protest, in November
Through this statement, the Seng urges these nurses not to be stingy when there are such cases, if this happens in the future, the Seng will take the necessary action.
Over the years, ALIMCO has played a major role in AT activities in India.
He said that the people living in the area used to walk and leave the two footpaths and earn their living, but now when they heard that someone has contracted the disease from the Jagiroad area. They have blocked all the roads and people can no longer enter.
We cannot accept what the prime minister has said because he holds the highest position in the state,” said UDP Secretary Allantry F Dkhar.
Through this petition, Bah JS Shadap, General Secretary of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, has sent a petition to Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP of the Rajya Sabha. to achieve this goal, so that it will be of benefit not only to the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, but to the District and the State as a whole.
Caption: The gold medal winners of the Meghalaya Khelo India Pencak Silat League.
Marak said that although there are only two MDCs, the BJP should be allowed to lead the new EC, as they will fight against corruption and cannot be in the EC if led. with another that party.
Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow and thunderstorms with winds of 30 to 40 kilometers per hour.
Verification by Noylla Hujon This is a well-trained person who was born in Umtru, Ri-Bhoi district.
The ceremony was attended by the District Police and the 2nd MLP Battalion, Goeragre and after that a two minute silence was held in memory of the souls of the deceased. .
Cafe Shillong, Laitumkhrah
Khlumar said that until now no one from Pyrnai has been employed except for a few youths who have been trained but this has also made it difficult for them to set up their own jobs because they don't have the opportunity. have money from claim high cost.
NEHUTA, the NEHU teachers' union, has already held elections to elect new office bearers.
The VPP will hold a strike on 17th June on the need to suspend the registration of jobs in the state until the reservation policy and monitoring of the implementation of the Your roster system is not available.
As the MLA of the area, Bah Titos encouraged and praised the Association of Local Taxis, who are ready to come out on their own to do what they need.
Shillong, Naitung 20: With the aim of contesting the MLA elections in 2018, the United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to expedite the election of new office bearers before the deadline.
Guwahati: A police home guard has been fired after a video of him demanding money from a vehicle from Meghalaya has been circulated.
The CEM also expressed his doubts about the reluctance of the Daju to wear the hima uniform, lest there may be forces from behind who urge the Daju not to wear the uniform.
Hazarika warned Shiladitya Dev, who leads the 26 parties, to face punishment and said, “Now he is walking with the security guards because he is in the government. The days of his life will not remain the same and he will return to earth one day.
Following the arrest of the Congress MLA from Kanakapura, riots broke out in Karnataka on Tuesday, involving car burning and shooting in Bengaluru. Rural and Ramanagaram districts, which are Shivakumar's strongholds.
“However, what is surprising is that according to the copy of the Meghalaya Building Byelaw 2021, which is very different from what they have already discussed at these meetings,” he said.
The President of AITC Meghalaya, Bah Charles Pyngrope, said that the AITC will be on the side of the people and when it comes to power, it will put the people and their welfare first.
The injured were rushed to Bethany Hospital Nongpoh for driving improperly. The injured were rushed to Bethany Hospital Nongpoh. to receive treatment.
The incident took place in Duhok, in northern Iraq.
The Sordar said, “Yes, it is true, when the villagers write people in the village, the villagers dance and rejoice, the owners of the writers also have to dance, but it doesn't mean that they “They have to dance at the beginning, they can dance later, it doesn't matter even for a moment, they have to dance,” he said.
Nongstoin, Nailar 23: The heavy cold weather in parts of WKHD in the past few months has caused a huge loss of income to the people of the area, especially those who live through the The refugees affected by the cold weather have been in despair over the delay of the government in providing assistance.
“In Mawkatheiñ, Bah Banteidor as Minister together with officials of the Department of Agriculture have launched the fertilizer,” said Bah Olet. that they shall be destroyed every five years.
He also urged the government to take care of the demarcation in the second phase and to include the leaders from the border areas so that they can discuss the issue.
In these two days, there was also a cold weather in some parts of Shillong. On Saturday at 9 pm, the cold weather started from Upper Shillong. 101 Area and there was a dark cloud in the morning for a few hours but the sky cleared again in the afternoon followed by rain in the evening.
“However, the shortage of applicants from Scheduled Tribe and Scheduled Caste will be carried forward in the next application year and will be fought as much as possible in the application year. that year, but the deficiency shall not be carried forward in the years that follow for more than ten years.
It is impossible to say that many times when we see evil deeds in the newspapers or on television, we hear only that criticism of others and the smile that comes out of their mouths that they are sick that evil deeds are rampant. .
In this regard, the KSU understands that if it finds such incidents in the future, it will take strong action.
“The task of the COVID-19 Committee now is to collect data on the health of the elderly, as the COVID-19 pandemic affects the elderly,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Why should I go and thank you just for the election and that is why I didn't really stand in that place and if we look at the last elections, they have already rejected me,” he said. said Mr. Adelbert.
All these incidents that have happened in the past two years, should shock the people that if they cannot protect themselves from the spread of this disease, no doubt the curfew will be imposed again and perhaps and thou shalt be brought again from that which thou hast done before.
Shillong: There have been 111 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, 5th March 2020, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. So far, there have been 2,217 confirmed cases in the state.
Out of the four candidates, Kitbok Rymbai received 1327 votes, Jesse Dkhar 672 votes, Ram Dkhar 59 votes and Hamjngai Dkhar 243 votes.
However, out of these four candidates, the HSPDP has decided not to give the ticket to Bah Jyndiang.
Speaking on the occasion, Additional DGP Hiren Chandra Nath said that many youths have joined armed groups due to the lack of power. think world.
Hebrews 8:7.
The OM dated 10th May 2022 'Clause F' has replaced the provision of OM No.PER 272/72/5, 18th Dec.
It is also expected that this season will work well without any more obstacles as was the case with the COVID-19 pandemic last season.
Meanwhile, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has reportedly justified Israel's offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza, citing the kidnapping of the child. 4 years old - Abigail Edan, an American who was released from Hamas in November last year.
The protest is not only against the casino, but the most important protest is to repeal the Act, because only the casino is what the people have already opposed, so the request is to look into it. Online Gambling and Online Betting, because through them it can cause harm to many young people, because they can play 'Khalai “Only through mobile phones,” said Bah George B. Lyngdoh.
The Covishield vaccine, developed by the Serum Institute of India, will cost T.400 per injection to the state government and T.600 per injection to private hospitals, the company said. , today in Pune.
This comes after the Odisha Open was a success and now the preparations for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup are underway.
The aim is to attract children to become more interested in these subjects and to remove their fear.
The total number of cases was 19,906, the first in the country.
It is also prohibited to kill fishermen by shooting bombs, blocking jars, throwing pesticides and others in all the streams around these villages.
Application Form (available from the office of the District Transport Officer and Secretary, Jowai.
(1939 AD – 1945 AD).
Shillong: The National People's Party (NHP) led by President Bah Pynshngain Kharsahnoh, General Secretary Mekiru Symblai and Organizing Secretary Roben Mukhim have visited Barato village to hold a meeting. The organization also received words of encouragement from the organization to help a family in Barato village on the 14th.
We hope that the Government's efforts to implement the Meghalaya Agricultural Product Market Act 1980 will benefit the farmers.
On this occasion, James came to close the tournament.
“They are on the side of the government, they have the opportunity to do all these things, but it is not true that he too has done the same trick of stealing EVMs that he won in the last election. Conrad K Sangma said.
“There is no District Hospital in Baghmara, so many people have to go to Tura for treatment.
“Let us hold fast to the sanctity of the Sacrament of Confirmation,” urged the Spiritual Leader of the Diocese of Shillong.
Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, said that the day was celebrated to encourage the youth over 18 years of age to exercise their right to vote or elect their own candidate. representative and is also part of reminding all citizens of the importance of participating to vote.
While another nation has destroyed and destroyed what we have gathered.
Jyrwa urged all vehicle owners to cooperate with this decision of the MJACCV, as this action of the state government is a threat to the people who live in commercial vehicles.
Shillong, Naitung 18: A man has been seriously injured in an accident in which a three feet long nar, which is three feet long, has been stabbed through his snier and pei phluit. to parts of his hind body.
Ranica Phawa, a woman, has donated football jerseys to Umsoo Football Club, Bataw.
The decision was taken to select the players from different states of the North East who have played well in the past season.
It is learned that Bah Mawdoh collided with the vehicle of the Prime Minister as he tried to avoid a scooter.
Earlier in October, a cat was also infected with the virus in Belgium and earlier, two cats were infected with the virus in Hong Kong, where it is believed that they were infected from humans.
“According to information, No. 25 shows that it is necessary to allocate 18 acres of land at 7Mer near the Air Force to the Air Force to build a Disaster Management Centre,” he said. Bah Dohling said that the Air Force has shown the map and the required location to the Prime Minister who is the President of the Board, who has accepted the requirement to submit it to the Public Information Act. The Air Force, Revenue Department, Animal Husbandry, DC East Khasi Hills Hills District as soon as possible.
The Chief Minister said that out of the 6110 cases in the state, 2119 are between the ages of 15 to 29, 1781 are between the ages of 30 to 44 years; This means that about 4,000 cases or 75% of the cases are over 45 years of age.
Rani said that according to the RTI reply received from the Forest Department of the State Government, it is very surprising that the saw trees that have been cut down along the 7mer road to Umshyrpi are very expensive trees. The forest owners know that these trees cost at least T.2000 thousand per cubit.
The 23-man India squad has been announced by the All India Football Federation (AFF) and will be coached by Ishfaq Ahmed.
Besides, Ms Ampareen said that superstitions and misunderstandings regarding voluntary blood donation continue to be a problem in Meghalaya.
The livestock department can only intervene if there are any diseases.
In the men's singles, Mebanker Shullai defeated Gregoreo Passah.
“The number of students who have passed from this school is higher than the pass rates of other Technical Schools in the state and I congratulate Don Bosco Technical School for its great work. I'm sorry,” said Conrad.
She expressed her surprise that out of 531 employees only 6 have been appointed through the recruitment rules.
In addition, the department will take action to assist the villages, who take action to take care of the waters and rivers for the preservation of fish and all living things in the country. poh um, so that the public can work hard and take responsibility in this regard.
“The 100 hectare area as directed by the State Government is a large area and this has created problems for many coal miners and this shows that the Government does not think anything for many miners. coal is not enough to acquire an area of ​​100 hectares.
The night before he left in the morning he sat down with his parents.
The Lion Mission Compound Dorbar Shnong will meet at 3.00 pm.
On the other hand, Ian Campbell in his speech said that besides having a clean environment, the state has many young people.
I am referring here to teachers who are qualified according to the norms (45 pc + DlEd/BEd).
The main reason why they don't want to move is because they have become too owner of the land, they have built houses for themselves and they have built their houses by renting and earning money. very very.
Don't just be a servant but think of being a master.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP President Willbirth Rani said that the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government's acceptance of the FKJGP shows that it wants to recognize the people of FKJGP. the name of religion and this is against the spirit of non-religion in the Constitution of the country.
Earlier, Bah Thomas said that the complaint of many of the people is that the Hima does not follow the directives of the Council but takes a high price by counting.
When the Khasi saw the Garo army beginning to climb the hills, they blocked the road.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Congress MLA Zenith Sangma said he had no information on the incident as he had just returned from Garo Hill.
However, he said that to demand the right to be a solansor in the distribution of jobs through the Reservation Policy according to the number of paid will bring and maintain mutual respect among the ethnic groups in the state, so that and the inheritance shall be in peace.
They also demanded to empower the state police patrolling the border to turn back if there is any shooting from the Assam police as part of the protection of the people of the border area and to turn over 36 villages. Khasi Jaintia Block – in Meghalaya.
The strong protest of the KSU, as well as other political parties and the state as a whole against the CAA has reached the point where dozens of members of the KSU have been arrested by the state police. they were summoned from time to time.
Shillong, October 31: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) has said that the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem, has misled the people of the state on the Village Administration Bill
For more information, please call
John 4:21.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, today said that the government has already visited the site for the construction of the TB Hospital at Umsawli. The site has already been inspected by the department in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Mawpat.
Jowai: A prominent elder of Phramer area and one of the prominent businessmen, Kral Tang, was shot dead in his bedroom in Phramer, West Jaintia Hills this morning.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Kitbor Kharkongor also warned outsiders to bring such items or use them within the boundary of the village.
He said that every year, Meghalaya receives 56-57 cases from all over India.
“If anyone says that they are happy that the Hima Khasi has lost about 18 sq km of land, we urge them to come out and show their works and please give away their land to others or any other property. Shillong, Nailur 9 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that if you don't want to do so, don't talk nonsense and talk nothing on this most important issue of the land of the nation. K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government's announcement on the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and Civil Procedure Code (CPC) will not affect any customs and traditions enshrined in the Constitution. India because these cannot be on those matters which the Constitution of India has empowered to have courts under the Sixth Schedule.
Not only that, he also went into the homes of other elders in the village to sit down with them.
From these inspections, the CAG found that the PWD does not impose any penalties, such as the collection of taxes on the damaged works, to recover the price from the increase due to the damage. to leave the work or to sign the contractors.
He is also an athlete who has competed in the 400m for the fourth time in his career since 2019 where he has focused only on shorter distance events in previous years.
Many church groups appear, Families are destroyed; Because of the churches, the nation is destroyed.
However, the answer was sought according to the provisions of the Act.
Suin said that the rehabilitation of the Mawphlang-Weiloi central road is in progress.
This was announced in a statement sent by the Information Secretary of FKJGP Pynshai Kharbani.
It is learned that during the rainy season, many people go to wash their clothes in the river and these include those from Wahlyngkhat and Langkyrdem as well.
He said that from time to time the village has requested the authorities to build a bridge in the river because many of the villagers when they go to their farms they pass through the river. by jamming through the rocks.
Ngap farming is easy and profitable, I urge the unemployed youth to try this job.
U Bah Anthony, who contested the MDC election in 2014 when Prestone was still in the Congress party, has sent his resignation letter as Executive. Member of the NPP Pynursla on the 26th of this month.
“I request everyone to support me and there will be an online voting system and the link is to work hard to bring the name to my country,” said Sweet, who is from Umlyngka, Upper. Shillong.
On the other hand, Edgardo said that his team will try to play well against Lajong, which has a lot of fans.
He said that if the Tourist Department of the government takes action and creates opportunities to allocate funds for the beautification, it will be of great benefit to the residents of the area.
That means – In spirit Because God is a Spirit John 4:2
This was announced today after the RBYF Sengkmie, led by Vice-President LK Sawkmie and General Secretary August Sten, in the presence of RBYF members, , Umiam Circle, have visited the government land, which has been turned into a village by Nepalis.
Prestone said the robbers should stop their violence and the police will take the necessary action against these robbers who have taken the law into their own hands.
She started the school from Primary (about 25 years ago) and now it has risen to the level of Secondary School where the expenses and salaries of the teachers are supported by her (Phidalia Toi) until now.
Some of the people of Pynursla constituency have decided to vote.
Three portraits of Meghalaya freedom fighters unveiled by former Governor Tathagata Roy and released at Raj Bhavan on 15th July, 2020 by the Chief Minister The portrait of Pa Togan Nengminza Sangma was released by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar and the portrait of Syiem Tirot Singh was released by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Government Ministers, former Chief Secretary MS Rao and Judges of the Meghalaya High Court including Bah HS Thangkhiew and Bah Wanlura Diengdoh.
Pynilynti Bareh and Pynshngain Suchiang took two wickets each.
The village still urgently needs the assistance of various government departments is the food from the Supply Office Nongstoin to distribute ration to all 38 households; PHE Office, Nongstoin; assistance to the school from the DI of Schools, Nongstoin; electricity supply to all households from the EE Office, MeECL Distribution, Nongstoin; Footpath in the village of C&RD office Nongstoin; to receive new techniques for the development of agriculture from the Agriculture and Horticulture Office Nongstoin; The DM&HO Nongstoin and the Social Welfare and CDPO, Nongstoin will also deliver assistance to the village to receive food for children and young children.
They also suggested that he should be taken to the Civil Hospital, Tura.
Ryntih SC beat Kith United FC 3-1 in the tie breaker.
Shillong: The NEHU College Football Tournament has started at the JN Stadium, Polo.
From Myngkoi to the house of Langdoh, They laughed and shouted.
Gilseng Momin scored the second goal in the 8th minute and Threesbirth Momin scored the second goal in the 62nd minute.
In June, the consumer price index (CPI) was the highest in the past five years.
The new school building has been built and the school has become more and more beautiful,” said Kynsai and entered the shetja room.
People from all over the country have flocked to congratulate Conrad on this glorious victory.
The Office of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah AL Myrthong, on the 18th of this month, sent a letter to all the shops near the Suiñ barracks. The Indian Air Force and the Village Authorities will inspect the shops on this day.
“We should not deceive the schemes, but we should demand policies for the farmers. The state government has not done anything yet but it has been deceiving the people in the rural areas for 50 years,” he said. state.
A total of nine companies have taken part in the tender to operate the 108 in the state.
The house has three new doors known as Gyan Dwar, Shakti Dwar and Karma Dwar.
The opposition strongly believes that through this law, there will be no misuse of the law.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 121 new cases have been confirmed and 1326 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Although opposition and pressure is intense outside the convention center, at the convention, decisions have already been made.
This means that the chairman or co-chairman may appoint one stenographer at a salary of T.12,000, one LDA at a salary of T.10,000 who is in Grade 3, one typist at a salary of T. .8000 and one Grade IV at a salary of
Knesman Nongsiej was admitted to the Civil Hospital in Guwahati on 23rd November 2020 and died on 27th November
On this special day of VO A Monlang-Ika, Bah Mayral Born Syiem cut the ribbon and opened the temporary office of VO A Monlang-Ika. to all the longkmie who came to attend.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Alex, HSPDP candidate from Mairang and President of the party from the constituency, said that the HSPDP is a party that has received many votes. The party has won from Mairang Constituency in the past and the last victory of the party from this constituency was in
Shillong, Iaiong 6: Earlier, all the MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have expressed their confidence in the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM. canoe far spirit.
“I have spoken the truth, and I will continue to speak the truth, I surrender because I think that if I don't surrender I will go to jail,” he said.
“We have already lodged a complaint against 10 MLAs who have left the party and on the 10th we will lodge another complaint against two more MLAs, Bah Charles Pyngrope MLA Nongthymmai and Shitlang Pale MLA Sutnga Constituency”.
Therefore, he urged the Khasi people to be farsighted in this danger, so that we can become an independent nation and that our identity should survive.
The brightest examples in this election are Bah Adelbert Nongrum and Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
Helps with good sleep : Milk and other milk products contain tryptophan, an amino acid that is known to promote good sleep.
Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO, said that the Governor has sent a letter to the Governor after the failure of the KHADC, JHADC and GHADC to submit the censuses and reports to the Comptroller. Auditor General on the expenditure of Rs 265.58 crore for the year 2015-202 and said that the Governor has also expressed his approval. He also promised to call the Prime Minister to discuss the matter.
Out of the nine colleges selected as People's Colleges, three are from Jaintia Hills including Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, Nongtalang College and Shangpung College.
Section 126 (1)(6) of the Representation of Peoples Act, 1951 prohibits the public broadcasting of any election-related activities whether through cinemas, TV or anything related to polls. area between the end of the 48 hours and the hour scheduled for the election campaign.
Isaiah 14:12–14.
“However, the surprising thing is that today we have been informed that both these trucks have disappeared. this number and to investigate it,” she said.
She also urged the people to support Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh by winning her the upcoming MP election, so that she can follow in the footsteps of her father, Bah Peter G. .Marbaniang (Bam Kwai at the Door of God) who has made a great contribution to the State.
Because of this deception by the state government, the four organizations have threatened that if the government does not listen to their demands to remove the BSF camp from Khliehriat, they will take strong action.
In the past 24 hours alone, 20 villages have been severely affected, 134 people have been affected by the natural disasters and the dead are the two who were found last night.
Iahluti Dhar (7) and Niawki Phawa (67) scored the second goal for Kseh Sylle.
However, it is up to the people to understand how these promises can work.
Thus, in the end, it was found that these two reasons are the causes of problems in society.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the meeting was a success and NABARD has also expressed its concern over the problems of the farmers at such times.
Nalbari has been the worst affected district with more than 45,000 people affected by the floods, followed by Baksa with more than 26,500 people and Lakhimpur with more than 25,0 people, the report added.
He requested the MLA of the area to take action to clean up the road because if it is in this condition it will affect the tourism industry and the tourists will be reluctant to come if the road is too bad. street.
Jowai, November 28 : The 50th Anniversary of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on December 17, 2013 was also a memorable day in history. u King of the Great.
The number plate of this vehicle is ML011-0
The Dorbar Shnong Rymbai has expressed its gratitude to the MLA of the area, who is also the Minister of State, Ma Kyrmen Shylla and MDC Fineliness Bareh for their willingness to donate foodgrains to the people. residents at this time when the residents are facing difficulties in coming and going especially to go to work due to the government's closure of the villages to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
“However, I would like to make it clear that the coal trucks are carrying 50 MT or 1 lakh coal and soon we will start the auction in West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills. "The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said.
The 42MW Power Generator at Leshka Power Station has collapsed in June.
“As a citizen of India, I have the right to contest any election,” said Sunida Bareh in the complaint.
When asked by reporters why Shibun was not appointed to the posts of Bah Khlur Lyngdoh or Dipayan who are the top leaders of the former EC, whether there is any dispute within the EC, he said: Shibun said that there was no dispute within the party but the election of office bearers was based on the ability of the leaders to do the job. it is according to their power to work as leaders and according to their power to work within the party,” said Shibun.
H.Elias HSS has not only won the first prize and a cash prize of 4 lakh tyngka, but has also won four awards including the best. Goalkeeper, Best Player of the tournament went to Santi Janai Shianglong, Best Coach was awarded to Bobby L. Nongbet and Best School Contribution Team of the tournament.
Nongpoh, Nailar 02: The Ri Bhoi Dorbar today held an emergency meeting to express its gratitude and congratulations to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma for the need to get the Patharkhmah Civil Sub. -Division after he said that Patharkhmah is entitled to receive it after a meeting of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department on Tuesday at Byrnihat.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Hospital for its services in the past 1000 years and hoped that the Hospital will continue to serve in the past 100 years. a hundred years to come.
The biggest problem facing the villagers is the presence of three small rivers, Amlati, Amsohkyrchoh and Ammara.
WA Sangma, PA Sangma and many others, who were appointed as kings by the people.
Why can’t we be rich when we live in a rich country.
When asked about the life of this young man before he became a bright star of the state, he said that he is a young man who has gone through many difficulties in his life.
Rahul's remarks implied that the Indian government protects the rich, who are close to government officials.
Many of the farmers from this district, said that these days the farming method is still physical, due to the lack of knowledge of the government to formulate policies for agriculture.
On this occasion, there was a program of drinking games, tan tyllai competition, dance competition and short drama in which all the PGs took part.
Shillong, July 23: The National People's Party (NPP) has warned Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee that many of the TMC MLAs will leave the party. shu dep the election.
Before the start of the tournament, the District Sports Officer conducted an age check for 1317 children from 38 schools on Tuesday at JN Stadium Polo, Shillong.
"We will wait for another meeting with the Prime Minister to see what other requirements and what is the requirement in funds that the Government will take to ensure that the health centers are fully operational," she said. .
A Rangbah who owns land within the boundary of the new village said that according to the rules of the JHADC, to set up a village should not be less than 20 households and 50 adults. 18 years or older.
Leaders have to invest their time, energy, and money to strengthen the organization.
Sailesh Kumar expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) scheme in East Jaintia Hills District and said that this has given a real opportunity to explain to the people of East Jaintia Hills District. the public about the types of schemes that are being operated from the central government scheme.
Finela said that the main issue she decided to contest from the BJP party in this election is in the name of a Christian and a low paid.
If there are any places where the residents find that old pipes are being used, they should lodge a complaint so that the necessary action can be taken,” said Bah Renikton.
The Sordar Shnong Nikloson Jana, also warned those who park their vehicles on the side of the border road of Mawphanlur, break plastic bottles etc. The road from Nongkhynroit to Nongpathaw (Sohiong Constituency) which connects to Shillong through Mawlai Umthlong village has been in very bad condition which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area who have complained about the condition of the road. vehicles because the people of the area live by agriculture, the crop they cultivate and save their households is SYING and other agricultural products, which shows that the leaders do not see this situation. They expect the local MLA who is also the MINISTER OF GOVERNMENT to take action to repair this road. This area also has a tourism resource with many viewpoints. bor government.
We have to think again and fight.
It will also help the government to develop plans and objectives for the benefit of the people and to bring about success.
The employees of the JHACSA have decided to strike indefinitely after the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Alliance (NPP), UDP and The BJP has failed to pay salaries to all the employees of the council.
“Can any authority dismiss Rohit Prasad without any charges?
It is therefore necessary to understand and respect this right to elect leaders or voting rights without being misled or deceived anywhere every once a year.
It is true that apart from Demthring and Mawblei, there is not a single village where the drinking water is safe to use.
Meghalaya has played against the strongest teams in Group B this year without losing except for a victory against Sikkim.
In the First Division, Sohmynting will play against Wahiajer at 12 noon.
The Best ASHA was awarded to Mercy Khongjoh, the Best SW was awarded to Arlyson Mawkhiew and Tyrso Sub Center was the best performing Sub Center in the District.
“We have decided to change the decision announced earlier regarding the amendment of the Service Rules for government employees after receiving feedback from many people,” he said.
Only two speakers from the Hima Mylliem, the Minister of Market, Bah C.Kharkongor and the Acting Syiem, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, were present at the meeting. Speaker Hadrian Lyngdoh EM in charge of the market and CEM to welcome the Syiem.
“We want to clarify that so far, the people of the area have welcomed us, but as always in any work, there are some people who are against any work,” he said.
There will be tyngshops of Khasi films, magic shows, comedy shows, dramas and famous dancers from abroad as well as from the state, according to a statement. Publicity Secretary Darwin Lyngdoh.
The Delhi High Court said that the lives of people have shown that the government does not care.
Besides the MP, MDC Winning G Sungoh, BDO Laskeiñ Block B.Niang, members of Iawmuksow Mowkaiaw Dorbar, invitees and others were also present.
From Mowkaïaw constituency, UDP candidate Nujorki Sungoh won with 14,508 votes.
“We have already written to the Branch Manager to give us six months to meet the needs of the people, but even after two months the operation of the bank is still slow and the Branch Manager does not believe the letter. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said the President of Jowai Circle.
"Bah Metbah urged the new members and office bearers to work hard with him and not to have any other idea, although there will be those who will come to deceive but as members and office bearers who have He said that they should not be misled or misled by others but they should stand on their own ground. He said that it is not a copy but what is happening now is surprising in this constituency. Laitdom, Mawkarah, Mawphaniew, Mawnai and other places where the wind is blowing strongly on the flag of the UDP and as Members, office bearers and leaders should not count sting what the wind is blowing but they should “It's a good idea to take the opportunity to work hard so that the party can ensure that it will win more votes than other candidates in the upcoming elections,” he said. For me, there are only five months left until we can vote, I will work hard for five years for the people of the constituency”.
Dozens of people have been injured in the fire and many have been unable to breathe properly, said Dr Samanta Lal Sen, Health Minister of Bangladesh.
The final was attended by Assistant Director Information and Public Relations Ma R Muksor.
“I don't think I should congratulate the government for deciding to send an inquiry without any demands but for deciding to send an inquiry to find out the facts.
The residents here live by farming kwai, planting kait, planting diengsoh and others.
This surprise of Syiem Khyrim to confess his mistakes should be commended so that it will also serve as an example to other Himas around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
According to the IOA & AA, the Government of India has pledged to protect and preserve the unique customs and traditions of the Khasi-Jaintia/Hynniewtrep within India.
The speakers on these two days were Bah HK Najiar, Bah O Dkhar and Bah R Massar.
“The committee has also introduced stricter rules that a person who violates the Benami Transaction Act should be arrested without bail besides fine and imprisonment,” said Bah Rowel.
Here I will list some of the duties that we should do in the country and the nation and they are:-Love for our country and nation is no different from loving ourselves and our home because the nation is our own flesh and blood and our own race.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Rongjeng Stadium in East Garo Hills in the presence of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri and MLAs including Jim Sangma and Rupert Momin.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “Besides the resolution we have passed to urge the Government of India to include After the removal of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​from the Sixth Schedule, we have taken steps to promote these languages.
On the other hand, the police have to drive away vehicles and people especially those who intend to go to the market.
“We were trained at Durama Hill and the GNLA was assisted by the ULFA and NLFT,” he said.
The organization has more than 1500 members.
The welcome speech was delivered by Nehki Rymbai, President of SKKKBPP. There was a welcome dance by the youth of the party, and a dance by the youth of Sein Raj Tuber Pamrapaithlu.
"Shah said the NDA has brought victory, adding that the violent activities of the Maoist insurgents have decreased and development works are now underway in the regions. never severely affected and dominated by the Maoists.
The LJP Leader said that according to his understanding, the main goal of these authorities is to impoverish the residents, to encourage them to think how they can survive and to they cannot focus on the situation in the state.
The 86 deaths include 16 women and 37 children.
Speaking on the issue of parking of trucks in Mawlai, Marbud Lyngdoh, President FKJGP Mawlai Circle said that it is a long time since the two organizations met. From time to time I have told the people of the law, but no one believes.
In the men's category (Under-17), Pynbiang-lang Kharsyntiew of Sib Singh HSS won the Best Player category while Bankiew Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Public School won the Best Player category.
This is the fifth time that this football tournament has been held to raise funds for Pdengshakap Secondary School to pay the salaries of teachers.
WKH chose to bat first but all wickets were lost in 23.1 overs out of 32 overs.
E-KYC of farmers and payments using Aadhar Payment Bridge (APB) are the initiatives launched by the Ministry of Agriculture to bring more clarity under this scheme.
This is also good news for the farmers and that is after hearing the voice of the Minister, who said that the government has now sought land for the construction of the market. The Agriculture Regulated Market, which the government is currently looking for a suitable site for.
However, in the course of time, as mankind increases in knowledge, does it become clear that there is no exact boundary and it is impossible to own the land? However, foreigners cannot own such land.
He said that this government has appointed fewer politicians compared to the old MUA government.
In a statement sent by Yoshida Nongspung Rangbah Shnong of Khanduli Village, a group of Karbi Students Association West Karbi-Anglong, accompanied by Assam Police, came to the village. on the 22nd July 2023, without the knowledge of the village.
Just as God remembers the covenant between Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, God also remembers the present covenant that we have already made with God.
Shillong, Naitung 13: A heavy clash has broken out on Saturday evening between the residents of Upper Mawprem and some foreigners who came to the village with the intention of fighting at the house of a Long. Khasi mother.
He insisted that the BJP has nothing to say on the demand for a review of the State Reservation Policy and said, “We don't want to interfere with the policy.
Similarly, tens of thousands of students and those who have worked abroad who want to exercise their adult franchise but only because of the cost of living and lost many days from work and school.
Four of them are still in Civil Hospital and three have been taken to court for 12 days in judicial custody.
An earthquake struck Jammu region on Tuesday causing minor damage but no casualties were reported, officials said.
This will resolve this issue and will bring peace and unity among us in Meghalaya.
Is it possible to issue a certificate 1 year before the birth of a person as it is not said that this person will be born next year,” said the statement.
All of them are residents of Madanriting.
What happened to Smit was that a Dkhar who pretended to be a seller of goods, was a robber of a woman.
“The Ministry of Home Affairs has also taken note of this issue especially when the Home Minister Amit Shah has agreed to follow up on this peace talk because he too wants this talk. “It is difficult for me to talk about this issue because it is not for me to say anything on this important issue but only one thing I know is The meetings between the leaders of the HNLC, the state government and the central government have proceeded to prepare for the peace talks,” he said.
The project has cost more than T 4 crore and the JAC after receiving the RTI reply alleged that only T 2-3 crore has been implemented and the work is slow.
One of the young leaders of the FKJGP, Bah Sounder Strong Cajee has founded the People Democratic Movement (PDM) to take part in politics; However, it did not last long and disappeared as the PDIC. This same spirit of steadfastness has returned to the KSU under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh until he formed the KHNAM to take over. part of the world.
Bengaluru: The 21-day curfew has put a lot of pressure on a resident of Bengaluru because he has two wives.
Shillong, March 2: Students of Class XII of 40 schools in East Khasi Hills today received tablets from the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma. long at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Jowai, June 20: The 33rd District Level Industrial Exhibition-2022 was held today 20th by the office of the General Manager District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai West Jaintia Hills District today as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of of achieving a formal state.
“When asked about the inspection of these areas, Tynsong said that the time is not far off to inspect and meet with the residents to take a decision to set up BOPs.” The District Administration will meet with the residents in these border areas on the installation of the BOP, because we want to have a cooperation, therefore, there will be a consultation,” said Bah Tynsong.
SHILLONG: Up to 11 medals including four gold, two silver and three bronze medals have been awarded to the kickboxers of the State under the banner of the Meghalaya Kickboxing Association (MAKO). Cup Kickboxing 2019" was held at Maharana Pratap Sports College, Dehradun, Uttarkhand.
The channel also criticized the leaders of Turkey and Rwanda, who attended the meeting in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
With the passing of the days, the political services have become more and more interesting because of the lack of awareness of the faithful and the leaders of the various churches about the fraud and deception of these churches. politicians to the people.
A case has been registered against him at Lumdiengjri Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Speaking to media, Dr PD Chyne and Dr M Roy said that the two types of injections to be released from tomorrow are the IPV (Inactivated Poliovirus Vaccine) and the Pentavalent.
However, three minutes later, N Binode Kumar Singh scored again in the 54th minute and Doungel in the 62nd minute.
Shillong: The CoMSO on Tuesday held a meeting in Tura, West Garo Hills District to discuss the demands of the group.
Shillong, November 5: U Davies NR Marak, Superintendent of Police, Shillong, on 21st November 2017, has written a letter to the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong, in which he said that there is a heavy influx of people. Some of them have committed crimes such as theft, rape and this is a threat to the peace and order of the residents around Shillong.
In a statement sent by the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the Institute, it said that this treatment can be used in such a way that if there is a tumor in the heart, lungs or spleen, can directly treat the tumor without affecting other parts of the body or tumor-resident organs.
She expressed her appreciation to Dr Lamare for his hard work in producing this important book.
He said that according to his conversation with the Longkmie Gas Agency in Laban, they told him that the scheme had been suspended earlier, but they did not explain the reasons for the suspension.
India has 20 days to reach 5 lakh, while the US has 17 days and Brazil has 19 days.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government is looking forward to the completion of the construction of the Shillong Medical College, which has been pending for about 40 years.
Sanmer SC and Umpling SC have shared 10 points each in the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 after a 1-1 draw on Thursday.
China is one of the highest grossing countries with the new film grossing Rs 10.75 crore, starting with a gross of Rs 747 crore in the country.
Whether it is the victory of leaders from different parties, the emergence of new political parties, and so on.
Meghalaya and Sikkim started the tournament at the newly lighted MFA Turf.
For the people I have already written.
On this basis, the OC urged the Tnnydard to drop the FIR and lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he will also talk to Amit Shah to direct both the state governments to work together to bring peace and order on the border and that such incidents should not happen again. that the border residents should not be harassed and attacked by the Assam or Meghalaya police.
Sadar Pankaj Gupta, BJP MLA from Unnao, was also beaten not by a young man, but by an old man, in front of a large crowd, during a a public meeting at the site.
I will honor you because you honor Meghalaya.
Iawmulong Nartiang and West Madan Mustem are the two teams that have qualified for the semifinals of the 2nd Division Football-5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the WJDSA.
AIS Suja“How did you fall from heaven, Lushai!? It is a question and wonder how Lurshai fell from heaven, it does not mean any star but it refers to Lucifer the Angel of Heaven, who once was with God in Heaven, the Three Heavens is the dwelling place of God.
“As the Leader of HFU West Khasi Hills District, I have tried to investigate and found that the farmers who have fields in Madan Umyiap and Madan Wahblei, which are near the flooded river, who used to get 10 byrni now They get only 3 and 4 byrni, those who used to get 30 byrni get only 5 or 6 byrni, those who used to get 40 byrni get only 10 byrni this year and so on. At the same time, the flooding of the rivers has exceeded this year, and it is a shame for us farmers, and it is only God who sees except there is no one to help and see with,” said Bah Lumlang.
However, the government has not done anything to improve this road for many years.
There is no need to write your name, the guards see you all.
After 45 minutes, the match was ended, but it was understood that the victory went to Juventus, who will be awarded 3-0 points.
The village does not receive MP scheme. From the MLA and MDC scheme, the government departments have not provided anything except the soil which has received Malu mala only two or three Saturday wells, from the banks. In Nongstoin, only a few people have received farmland but most of the benefits have come from the Block of Nongstoin especially the 100 days scheme which has been a blessing to the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The JSW Bengaluru Football Club (JSW) Bengaluru Football Club (JSW) will be looking for football players to recruit and play football players. training and training in the field of training.
Under the PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, about 22 lakh people in Meghalaya have received 5 kilos of rice and 10 kilos of rice for two and a half years.
Many of the people who are not loyal to any party want a new change.
A few minutes into the second half, Donboklang Lyngdoh had a good shot but the goalkeeper of the team managed to prevent it from going into the net.
Speaking on the occasion, Danielstone Lyngdoh Nonglait recalled that since he was a child, he has been in the hands and feet of his son (L) Hopingstone. who encouraged and supported him until he reached the rank of lawyer.
Shillong: The 108 employees of the Meghalaya Emergency Management and Research Institute (MRIWU) in the state today announced to the media that the union has set a deadline of 72 days for the government. hour; The Meghalaya EMRI has demanded that the company Gunupati Venkata Khrishna or GVK in Meghalaya should be suspended within 72 hours starting at 12 noon.
The Rangbah Shnong of Rongmesek, Bah Albinus Timung, said that the village not only commemorates every year, but also to preserve the names of the four elderly people who took part in the ceremony. In the struggle for statehood, the village has built a monument and also named one of the tourist attractions in the village after them.
Sharad Pawar has said that his opposition to the BJP hours after his brother Ajit Pawar and opposition MLAs entered a rally in Mumbai on Sunday uninvited. and they asked him for a blessing.
In fact, some people have told him to listen for a while, become an MDC first, then do whatever he wants but he doesn't want to cheat to win for the sake of the party and then leave the party.
Barmer: A 34-year-old woman has committed suicide by burning her father, who died of covid-19, in a tragic incident.
Up to 2000 piglets were also distributed to 400 beneficiaries, and also the distribution of good quality kuroiler chickens to 100 beneficiaries at the large gathering held at Pynursla Square.
Then Jesus told the lawyer that if he wanted to be saved he must follow the example of the good Samaritan to help the poor and needy without partiality.
“We don't talk about the alliance anymore and if that's what the party demands, we will see after the elections to talk to those parties who will follow our principle of not tolerate corruption,” he said. said.
The Laitkroh MDC also submitted a petition to the CEM to stop the removal of the constituency.
On this occasion, the Dolloi, Langdoh, Wasan, Ministers from Bam Tyngkong, Shoh Thyndai and others performed various rituals.
A Government that has a good intention and takes responsibility for implementing that intention will not sleep like the MDA Government on the ILP issue and other outstanding issues.
In Sohra, today, the rainfall was 38.0mm.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The residents of Umladkur village in West Jaintia Hills have suffered a great loss after the sohniamtra has been destroyed by the disease known as tram disease.
Ed by October 31, 2019 and those who do not have the qualification will be dismissed from their posts.
Furthermore, the speakers urged everyone that it is our duty to work together for the preservation of water, because without water there will be no life on this earth, therefore, it is It is our duty to preserve and care for the environment so that we will not lack water in the future.
Shah also alleged that the continued insurgency in the North East is due to the stingy calculation of the Congress party.
Sisodia, along with former Delhi Chief Minister Satyendar Jain, resigned from the government after their arrest.
Shillong: There have been 426 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 417 recoveries and 9 deaths.
Last month, MEMRIWU leaders who met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, failed to give any promise and urged that the State Government will not Emergency Medical Services are not available.
Parïong said that this year the sohmynken jhur is not right, because after the sowing of the seeds, the heavy rainfall has caused many of the seeds to die and the farmers have to harvest the seeds. and thou shalt have another new seed.
“In my opinion, out of 32 lakh MT of coal, 14 lakh MT of coal is short, I cannot do anything about this because I don't have the authority but I have already informed the court. take it," he said.
Banri together with her friends and family members tried to talk to the Rangbah Shnong by phone many times but he did not answer the phone. He said that he did not want to come to the office of the Dorbar Shnong.
Therefore, the union strongly warns the polluters of the river especially the timber factories and the union through this message warns the owners of the timber factories to immediately remove the spurs. At the same time, the union warns against those who kill fish especially fish by giving drugs and if found, the union will take strong action.
They said that after receiving the RTI, they went to demand from the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne to remove all these tribes who can turn foreigners into Khasi. The Council also urged the Council to punish these illegal immigrants including Bah Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh and Naresh Hashen, for their illegal activities, which are against the customs and traditions. These exploiters of the Tangjait of non-Khasi people have destroyed and destroyed the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
In general, there are two ways to do this, one is to establish and establish strong Civic Bodies in urban and village areas (such as Municipalities and Dorbar Shnongs).
Therefore, the horkit hordang will not allow and will oppose this proposal.
“If the National Green Tribunal (NGT) doesn't approve the fire, we will have to buy coal from Assam for the MCCL,” he said. .For the time being, there will be no worries because the NGT has allowed the coal sellers to sell the coal that has already been extracted, and we have increased the production and the coal will continue until the month of November. Goyal said.
Speaking to reporters, the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Dr Phervision Nontdu, who came to participate in the protest in Khlierhiat, forgot to speak to the soldiers who passed by. He expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the understanding of these soldiers that this protest is really justified. As the conductor of the training program at the college, he said that most of the students They are late for college and school and the reason is because of the traffic jam due to the bad condition of the road. school children, college students who have to spend time.
It is to be recalled that after the government introduced this Act, various groups came out to demand the repeal of this Act and this prompted the government to introduce a bill to repeal this Act. law.
According to him, as a result, some MoUs have expired and the Government has to cancel them.
The Civil Hospital Jowai has not been able to accommodate more than 150 patients because the hospital has to accommodate not only patients, but also injured people. car accidents and so on.
At the same time, he said that the NPP party will be strengthened by the presence of such young men who have a strong foundation to serve the constituency, the country and the nation.
Furthermore, Amula Sun's mother expressed her happiness every time she went to vote.
“While the new BJP Minister Bah Sanbor said, “Support the BJP, as soon as it comes to power, you will get ILP within 5 minutes.
However, in his 16 points, Prof Swell stressed that the creation of Meghalaya is not only for the purpose of achieving the aspiration of self-government, but also for the liberation of the people from poverty and to improve their income.
Therefore, as the NHAI continues to collect revenue from the people passing through the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, the union urges the government to take action in talking to the people of Ri Bhoi. NHAI, in order to expedite the repair of the damaged and landslide parts, so that it will be easier and safer for the people who walk and stand through this road, he added.
The Swadeshi Jagran Manch (SJM), which works with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), has demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi ban two TikTok games. and Helo, because they believe that these two types of games are destructive to the quality of life of the Indians.
Inside the Bri Hynniewtrep we have many Hima and Elaka since ancient times and if we add these Hima we get the Khasi Hills and inside the Bri Hynniewtrep we have many Kurs and Jaits. These are the sons of the Hynniewtrep people.
The meeting of the Governing Council was chaired by the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare Harsh Vardhan. He was dismissed from the hospital and the reason is that for the past two years not a single meeting has been called to discuss the improvement of the hospital.
Shillong, Iaiong 05: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) today decided to meet with the state government on the 10th of this month regarding the government's plan to relocate 342 households from the state government. They are located in the quarters of Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) which is located on Bivar Road.
He said the Draft Education Policy of the Government of India has proposed that children should start going to school from the age of 3 years and the right to education will also apply until the age of
He said that in 2010, he had talked to former Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh that the central government should stop mining uranium in Meghalaya as it is against the voice of the people. .
There is a saying that only the rich children get involved in drugs because they have money to buy drugs, while the poor don't have money to buy drugs.
“Even after half a year of planning to take land, the MLA is not aware of this which is a shame for him,” said Bah Dohling. Shillong, Naitung 3: The 10-day Sohphan Market has been held at the Sohphan Market. The theme 'Come, See and Think' was held at the Police Parade Ground, Tura today.
“I will nominate myself to contest from the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) and that depends on the willingness and consensus of the leaders.
New Delhi: The BJP has offered to take Christians to Jerusalem free of charge if it comes to power in Nagaland, the Northeastern News reported.
Member Secretary of the Board, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman and officers of the Board were present on the occasion.
The AMCSA has requested the government to look into the increase in the price of dewbilat and nar rod in these days. AMCSA feels that the price of these commodities such as dewbilat and nar rod should be lower in the state. , and should also provide lower prices to the state owners, especially to the contractors as these are the goods that the contractors use regularly.
“He said that on the 2nd the people will give their answer and they have justified all these.
Nongpoh: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday congratulated Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, for being one of the MLAs in the state. state, who has that responsibility for bringing about economic development in the villages and also who has worked hard day and night for the benefit of the people living in those backward villages and who have not yet received any development projects from the government.
He said that the jri trees, which have grown up, have a strong appearance, in which he said that the shondur has a clear and invisible appearance.
Diesel price was lowest in Hyderabad at T.73.45 per liter, followed by T.73.34 in Trivandrum, Raipur (T.72.96 per litre), Gandhinagar (T.72.63) and Bhubhaneswar (T.72.43). ), Patna (T.72.24), Jaipur (T.71.97), Ranchi (T.71.35), Bhopal (T.71.12) and Srinagar (T.70.96).
Myanmar military television news reported that Myanmar's troops have seized power in the country for a year.
If you are lusha, you will be in India.
The Cycle Rally was flagged off by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, DD Syngai of Lad College and passed through Ladthadlaboh-Newhill-Iawmusiang. -Iawmusiang-Moosalyngkat finished at the District Sports Office.
The UDP will not be able to overthrow the MDA 2.0 Government nor will it be able to lead in the formation of another new Government.
School principals should take care to ensure that children do not go outside too much to avoid any dangers.
Five members from Meghalaya Pradesh have been elected to oversee the registration process, including Ernest Mawrie, Convener, Rikman G Momin, Co-Convener, IJ Dameki Paswet. , Bah Babul Suting, Pramod Koch as members.
According to the Ri Bhoi Durbar Leader, the MLAs who attended the meeting, expressed the needs of the people in their respective constituencies.
Syiem said that the decision does not fall under the jurisdiction of the High Court or the Supreme Court, but it is up to the Governor to implement it in accordance with Article He said that the Election Commission of India has clarified that the post of MDC, CEM is not in the office of income generation. It is within the office of the State Government or the Government of India and is in the autonomous body of the District Council, where the salary is also collected from the local revenue.
Elton, 72, later married German Renate Blauel, but after four years they divorced in 1988, when he realized that he shouldn't. he shall not marry a woman, but he shall marry a brother.
Assam has reached 1,000 cases in just 60 days since the first case on 31st October
He said that the treatment plant has been built since 2014 and has been constructed illegally and has affected the drinking water supply because the drinking water pipes have been run from the canal and the water supply has been directed to the canal.
Shillong: Manibala Debbarma, 27, resident of Sayadachara, Kumarghat, North Tripura, has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital since 19th March
He said the District Council has requested the party leaders to wait for them to respond to the party's requests for information as they will have to discuss the matter with the Executive Committee (EC).
These include EGH: 21, EJH: 02, EKH: 155, NGH: 07, RBD: 65, SGH: 03, SWGH: 06, SWKH: 38, WGH: 39, WJH: 56 and WKH:
After a short stay in the hospital, he left and started treating animals, such as cows, horses and pigs when they counted their legs and found that they were healthy.
Soya bean (Soya max or Glycine soja or Glycine max) is a plant found throughout the eastern countries of India, such as China, Japan, Manchuria and others.
166 cases have been reported among fellow villagers and the worst affected areas are Henan, Tianjin, Shaanxi and Guangdong.
At the time of their release, they became like those who did not know anyone and could no longer speak.
Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar on Thursday led the elders and women of Mawhati area to appeal to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and in charge of PWD, Prestone The road from Sonidan to Umsiang is about 40 kilometers long.
Niaw Wasa beat Jarain 2-1 in the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament.
Shillong: The State Government has vowed to cancel the MoU signed with GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI) to conduct the '108 Emergency' its implementation in Meghalaya.
Before the bat, Sejal Raut once again scored 45 runs for Meghalaya, while Suriti Kumari Ray (11), Anita Lodhi (13) and of the Apostle (14).
The new building is also a milestone in the expansion and maintenance of the facilities of the State Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Heavy cold weather has hit Mawshynrut area of ​​West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday evening.
:The new Khasi song, Nga thrang iaphi" will be released on the 14th of March
The Chief Secretary shall also send the complaints to the Registrar General before 19th November for verification in respect of those matters.
Currently, 11 cheetahs are on the loose and 5 including a cheetah cub born in India are in suitable captivity.
Those who wish to inspect can visit the Election Branch, Deputy Commissioner's Office, Jowai during office hours.
Two MLAs from Garo Hills who intend to join the NPP while two MLAs from Khasi Hills include Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang and Shitlang Palei from Khasi Hills. Treasure Sap.
“Although I am no longer a Minister, my commitment and determination to advocate with the Ministry of Education of the Union Government in the past years to ensure that Kiang Nangbah Government College will start the Integrated Course at “The BEd degree has been achieved this year,” said Lahkmen, former Minister of Education.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that to allege that the quarantine is the main reason for the pursuit of the disease is wrong but the pursuit is due to the census. stinginess of people to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On this occasion, the Seng Khasi Sengkmie has honored two elderly people who have made a great contribution to the society.
He said India has one of the largest number of people with disabilities in the world.
EKH needed 145 runs to win, but Namewanki Pakyntein scored 10 runs for 5 wickets.
“It is good to see that even the churches have Environment Sunday,” he added.
Also present on the occasion were Himalaya MLA M Shangpliang, Director of the Department, SC Sadhu, Project Director of DRDA, D Hynniewta, BDO of Mawsynram, P Mukhim, officers and citizens. come from all over.
He said that as it was from the old one, the height has been increased by about 400 mm and this has been filled with soil.
Shillong, July 18: The Convenor of the National Human Rights Council (NHRCI) for North East Region, Bah D.Malai today slammed the State Government for the delay in implementing the Meghalaya Human Rights Act. The MHRC which has been functioning in Meghalaya under sub section (1) of section 21 of the Protection of Human Rights Act,
The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Dong of Langkyrding, Bah B.Syierlait and other members of the Dong.
“It is true that the wages flow without stopping after the summit muster roll which is very difficult and the material is very difficult especially for the villages which do not have the village fund and have to ask for sponsorship from those who are more able. The government has been slow to release the funds for cement, stone and other necessities but due to the delay in the release of materials.
Never use attitudes and moods to communicate with your husband, you never know how your husband will interpret them.
“From time to time, senior party leaders, Government Ministers have met with religious leaders to try to dispel the misconception that the BJP is an anti-Christian party,” he said. added Mr. Mawrie.
The match tomorrow will be between Mynthong and Shangpung Lumïawmushai at 3 pm.
This incident happened after a heated argument between the mother and her husband just because she had sent to buy clothes for her child.
But it is better not to be afraid.
Most.Rev.Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, gave a blessing speech to the Sisters working at the Hospital. I pray that God will bless these Sisters who run this Hospital, the Doctors and Nurses who will come to work at this Hospital and the patients who come to take medicine. and to be treated at this hospital in the coming days so that the medicines and treatment they receive from the doctors of this hospital will provide them with the health they desire.
He stressed the importance of education and encouraged the youth to set up their own jobs instead of waiting for government jobs.
On the other hand, the residents complained that the hospital does not have enough staff, doctors, staff, does not have an ambulance, even the building does not have enough staff. patient and staff have to stay in the same room.
The request for parking space along the road is after they were not allowed to park inside the parking lot Jaïaw because the Municipal intends to demolish this stand.
The Federation of Khasi States has also demanded that a separate Article 370A should be introduced in the Constitution to cover this issue.
After Gucci officials announced Alia's name as the spokesperson, her Bollywood friends congratulated her on this.
However, as of now, we don't know who will win because everyone is trying to win.
The Government has also approved a draft law for schools to merge with the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) in accordance with the Meghalaya Board of Education Act,
You have empowered and appointed me to serve.
Looking back at history, we find that the Presbyterian Church in Wales began as follows, “As the work of God grew, so did the struggles against him (Howell Harris).
“On this, what we have already done in the first phase, we will walk the same path and start talking at the right time, so that we can reach the goal, but when This will happen. I can't say anything now.
Ma Tariang is one of the faithful and prominent workers of the party since the past years and he has made a great contribution to the community and the society.
In a statement, the eight organizations said that their intention to suspend the relocation of the office has no intention of showing force but on any grounds they do not agree to relocate. Any office in the District Head Quarter has been closed for tens of kilometers, because as we know, this office has been providing services to the people of Jaintia Hills since the District was independent. There have been no complaints that the Division has been delayed in its work and it is to be recalled that the Division provides services only to the villages under the Laskein C&RD Block. This is wrong because they know that there are still many villages under the jurisdiction of the Thadlaskein C&RD Block, which are under the jurisdiction of this Division. RD Block is located in the same district.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Meghalaya High Court today ruled that Bangladeshis who came to North East India before 24th October 1971, they should be regarded as Indian citizens and should be allowed to vote.
Furthermore, Bah Renik urged the people that when they celebrate this special day, they should not accept that they have the courage to look after such people with disabilities, like the mother. that they will see that specialness in their children and love them, respect them and only then will they see that the whole world will have that special respect for each other.
If we talk about the free use of drugs by young people, the reason is that every young person has money in his body, which is mostly They receive from their parents, who have a great love for their sons and daughters, without asking or asking for money.
BJP leaders, including Edmund Sangma, said that the state will lose money to the central government if the government cannot account for its 40% expenditure. to be taken from the central government.
Germany beat Sweden 2-1 at the World Cup in Russia on Saturday night.
The film will be directed by Daniel Nongrum.
While the forest department has land across Meghalaya, but the Dkhars have requested to set up only a place of worship, Mahadev Khola has now become a trading and lyngkor place for the people of Lawsohtun. the day they passed through this place.
He said that the village has been able to do this since 2015 to protect these birds from danger in Tyrso and Umru.
He said that this too has come true because it is the first task.
“We will have to change message sends and we do not know, which messages, should be monitored or mined and if so, it shows, that millions of messages, will have to be stored properly, by that many many years" he said.
The resignation of 12 MLAs to the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) last year has severely affected the Congress party, which is the strongest party in the state.
Khliehriat, March 16 : The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has demanded that the NHAI should complete the construction of the National Highway 6 as promised. NHAI has also clarified that it has now received two contractors to build this road, one is SL Infra Ltd and MR Ltd for the maintenance. The road from Jowai to Ratacherra.
Bless said that the construction of new buildings in Them ïew Mawlong is illegal as the land is still pending before the Meghalaya High Court.
I have no doubt that many of the people do not understand how the ILP will help to protect us as the rich and perhaps how much the CAA will affect us.
Why Ankita Lokhande, (former girlfriend of Rajput), died from Rajput and it is wrong to show suicide, that it has political connection sima" said Raut.
Regarding these two buildings, Sujeet Dey said that videos will be brought to be shown to the judges of the High Court.
He assured that while they are struggling to complete on time, there should be no pressure on the contractor and design associate to put the safety at risk.
Shillong, March 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlasnai has demanded the repair of the transformer of the electricity department in Mawlasnai.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his gratitude to the students for taking part in these two days to showcase their talents in various sports. which is also a brain development besides the reading which they spend every day in the four corners of the classroom.
Most of the children injected were in EJH with 65%, WJH 60%, WKH 42%, EGH 32%, SWGH and SWKH 31%.
Rijiju was speaking at a meeting in New Delhi to review the operation of 4G networks in all the villages in the North East.
At 10:30 pm, Pastor Dr.BL Nongbri gave a sermon from the Word of God and the service was strengthened by a song from the Children's Church Lyngkhoi, the youth of KJP Synod Presbyterian Church Mawphlang, Mawten, Lyngkhoi Standing Choi Youth Prayer.
Vichai, 60, joined Leicester for £39 million in 2010 and won the Premier League for the first time in his career. year 2015-16.
The price hike ended at 2 pm and reached T.510klur.
From 26th January 1950, the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District was temporarily administered by the Governor in accordance with the powers conferred on him by paragraph 19 of the Sixth Scheduled.
The year 1978 was a memorable historical event as the beginning of the Coalition Government in the State.
It is also the word Secular which prohibits any person or group from calling the country of India or any State or any village in the name of religion.
“The footpaths are for the walking of the people especially the school children and not for the sale of goods,” said the school children while talking to some of the vendors.
However, what is shocking is the desire to waste the state's budget by increasing the contingency fund which is an emergency fund.
The opposition in the North Eastern States is due to fear of illegal entry of people from Bangladesh, due to its proximity to the states of the region.
They also met with the Director of Sports, Bah FM Dopth to discuss this but he said it is up to the Head Assistant and Engineer of the State Sports Council to do this.
If they find that water pipes are broken on roads, streets and other places, they should inform the SE office or the muster rolls appointed in their villages.
Meghalaya and Assam have now started talks to resolve the boundary issue in the second phase for the seven outstanding border dispute areas.
Khliehriat HSS (East Jaintia Hills) beat Saiden SS (Ri Bhoi) 3-3
Furthermore, the organizers of the 10K race also awarded a buskit consolation prize of Rs 1,000 to those who came from fourth to fifth place among women and men. .
This does not apply only to Jesus' disciples but to all those who have followed Jesus in this present life and until the time of the great tribulation.
The allowance of non-tribals to mine coal through an agreement is against the land tenure customs in Hynniewtrep, against the spirit of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act and will pave the way for illegal trade between tribals and non-tribals in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailar 31: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has strongly opposed the government's advertisement for the meeting between the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and coal owners, MLAs, MDCs and groups. discussion on the NGT ban on coal mining on 29th July at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
The rickshaw driver was surprised and could not believe even himself that when he received the notice from the Prime Minister's Office that he had to open the hospital.
“On the part of the old EC, we have directed the Dorbar Shnongs to stop the sale of houses to foreigners without proper documents and I hope that the present EC will “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he added.
On this road which has been laid the foundation stone in Umtyrnga, it is a road which will benefit the people of Umtyrnga area and other villages in the area, as it is a road which has been allocated up to T.84 crore and to build a 29 km long bridge from 9Mer by connecting many villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Only 5 Ryngwiang are allowed for one farmer.
Confirming the members, Samla Biangbor L Paliar reminded that the Khasi people need a strong law and there are more employees of the Railway than the Khasi people in our country. Although this village has many departments of the state government, the union should not allow foreigners to come and live here but foreign workers should leave for a while with encouragement. He also urged the new members of the KSU Umiam Unit to become brave and courageous youth so that they can serve the country and the nation.
Nongstoiñ: A strong storm which accompanied by heavy rainfall has struck and damaged several villages in West Khasi Hills District at around 1.30 pm this morning. Many houses, crops and other property were destroyed.
Shillong: Two leaders of the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church, Pastor RG Laloo and Tymmenbasan T Nongkhlaw, were arrested by robbers in Bihar today.
Are women not qualified or qualified to lead other holy organizations except women's organizations? Who is responsible for such feelings in us? Many times when there are invitations, especially those from the government, we see that the room is filled only with the elders.
Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Herbert Lyngdoh said, “Police officers have rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation into the incident”.
The morning is really cold and without a shawla you can't stay long especially in cold places.
(mev asked half of mew).
Shillong, Iaiong 22 : Police in South West Garo Hills on Tuesday night arrested a man involved in the smuggling of psychotropic drugs across the Garo Hills.
The UDP has planned to nominate four candidates from Garo Hills, but none of them has reached the target.
For more information, please call
“Those who pollute Motphran by breaking niut are not from the Municipal area but from the Iewduh under the jurisdiction of the Syiem,” said the CEO of the Municipal.
It may be recalled that the construction of the new bridge at Wah Umngi has been allocated at a cost of T6.3 crore tyngka and should be completed within 30 months. .
Does the poor have such a chance? He has to travel by taxi every month and spend thousands of rupees for the needs of his children.
(Hebrews 6:19) by Rev. (Dr) MJ Hynniewta.
The District Magistrate of Bulandshahr, after receiving a tip on the incident, has arrested the three persons under the provisions of the National Security Act.
According to the announcement, Sadhu will also serve as Secretary to the Community and Rural Development Department and the Water Resources Department.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah T Iangjuh, Junior Scientist of BRDC, said that the BRDC has a plan to set up a clinic in Upper Shillong where the herbalists will come every day to treat the patients. people.
Chiliang Raij- (Ummakah Road/AitnarJn)-Chutwakhu Locality-Jrisalain Junction.
Therefore, the French Government under the leadership of David Scott asked Syiem Tirot Singh for permission to build a road from Nongkhlaw Hima to Sylhet.
There is a saying, “God sees the truth but waits” which means that God sees the truth but waits.
Even despite the request of the principals of the schools, she did not listen and did not respond.
Therefore, the more you learn, the more you think.
Shillong: The new political party, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which has registered with the Election Commission of India, has received its emblem with the image of Prah. The swearing-in ceremony was held on Saturday by the President of the party, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit in the presence of party supporters.
In the final, Mawnianglah-B Sports Club beat Mawrashe Sports Club 2-1 to win a cash prize of Rs 5,0
Paul allows the Christians in Ephesus to be angry, but forbids them to commit sins, such as beating, killing, robbing, which has no forgiveness...These days of COVID-1 are the days of wrath in many places and in many directions.
On the other hand, Clifford said that the 25 persons arrested from Garo Hills are still in custody in Jowai and he is demanding that the government should release them. all 25 of them.
Banialam took the first wicket in the first innings with 1/7
“When the Roster System came into being, it was implemented with a special quota but if we talk about the issue of full citizenship in Garo Hills, it becomes 80% while here in Khasi Hills it will be 40%,” he said. “Isn't that a loss for our nation?” He said that during the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the party had mentioned that this issue would cause unpleasantness.
It was further reported that through Iliy, the necessary news could be delivered to the ears of the President within two days.
The purpose of the programme, under the theme, 'Run with different abilities', is to raise awareness of the challenges and equality of people with disabilities.
Shillong: On Saturday, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA, on the overturning of a truck, said that it has become clear that there is something behind it.
Four teams will prepare for the semi final of the first round of the Meghalaya State League 2023 on Saturday at two venues.
In 2017, in the film Harry Met Sejal, Shah Rukh Khan fell in love with Anushka Sharma while traveling by train from Prague to Budapest.
The results can also be viewed on the website www.megresults.
On the other hand, the NPP Nongpoh Block, congratulates the NPP Nongpoh Block for his departure from the NPP, which has been a blessing to the NPP Nongpoh Block. On behalf of the NPP Nongpoh, the NPP Nongpoh party has expressed its confidence in the meeting of Kong Macdalyne S Mawlong and those who hoped that it will reach its goal in
“In the last dorbar, UDP leaders including Titos Chyne and Embhah Syiemlieh asked in the Question Hour whether it is true that the scholarships of the students have not been released. Prof RC Laloo replied that it is not so but it has already been released,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the UDP Youth Wing. Prof. Laloo in the House has announced that the scholarship has been released while in fact it is not so.
The DC urged the residents of the area to inform the law enforcement authorities if they find any illegal activities, as the government itself does not allow them to do so. “If anyone is found involved in illegal activities, they will be arrested and punished according to the rules of law,” he added.
It is a country that attracts many tourists.
“As we have witnessed, the First Ground has been cleaned and the maintenance around it is in progress and we expect to complete the ground by November this year,” he said. the Prime Minister.
“As human beings in the world, besides eating and drinking to have a healthy body, we also have to take care of ourselves to improve our physical appearance”.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The State Executive Committee, headed by the Chief Secretary, today met to discuss the floods in Garo Hills. The death toll has risen to 38 so far with the recovery of 13 bodies from different parts of Garo Hills.
“Because of fear, the NEHUSU members have requested the NEHU authorities to allow them to stay at the Guest House that night and we have said that we will leave tomorrow morning but before leaving the Guest House. The Proctor has expelled the members of NEHUSU and left only the president, a woman.
“I have no job and I don't have the money to take care of my child,” said Bah Embhahlang.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. HW Nongbsaw, prayer by Rev. Dr. SI Iawphniaw, welcome speech by Rev. SN Wahlang, followed by a short speech by the Central Organization Committee and from Dr.H.Gordon Robert Hospital.
Conrad said he would look into the matter and act in accordance with the laws and regulations of the country.
Dr War said that the 31 cases in East Khasi Hills District include six persons who have been admitted to two hospitals and two cases from Bethany Hospital. and 4 cases were admitted to Robert Hospital, 2 cases were from Jhalupara, one case was a High Risk Contact of a person who had just returned and one case was a High Risk Contact of a case. and Greenwood Resort.
On the other hand, Barla has spent a lot of his time visiting all the wards of the hospital especially the European Ward. and also to inspect the site where the 1000-year-old monument is to be built, and it was on this occasion that the authorities took the opportunity to explain and demonstrate in detail. before Barla all the necessities.
There are those who accuse and find fault with Agatha Sangma, but she has done and said what is in her heart, in which we have taken only what she voted for and we pray for what she voted for. talks about the release of the CAB from the North East; But the question is, what did the other two members say and produce in what voice, and from these too, we should all know, because they too have the same voice. and they should raise their voices, because they are on the opposite side.
These dates will apply in Meghalaya and Nagaland.
These materials, which include activity sheets, worksheets, posters, and games, can help children in their learning throughout the year.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said, “If there is anything that interferes with the work of providing services to the people, we will have to remove it. the social agreement with GVK"
“I would like to congratulate you Paheh for this music video of your movie Romeo and Rossy.
When he reached the house of NanBah, he said, “You are the thief of NanBah.
To expedite the enrollment of Aadhar in the state and across the districts, an Action Plan has been prepared where there will also be Enrollment Camps and the Deputy Commissioners will use all the means to use the officers and The contribution from all stakeholders such as the Department of Community and Rural Development, Food and Civil Supplies, Education, Health and MSRLS.
On the Upper Shillong Highway, on such days, you can hear vehicles playing loud music and from these vehicles, you can hear young children, who are playing and and it became very sweet, until it became very sweet to hear.
Expressing his regret, the Minister said that these pictures were put up by the leaders during the inauguration of the projects and this is no longer a new thing.
On the basis of this, the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) has issued the building permit.
Another surprising thing is that they have already paid the enrollment fee of 100 tyngka, but now they have to pay the enrollment fee of 50 tyngka.
The age limit for U-18 is for children born in 2006, 2007 and
The election will be held on the 21st of this month and the counting will be held on the 24th.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah urged the public to be ready to help in transporting the victims to hospitals and not to stay overnight to shoot or ring video.
His parents sent him to Moolang Lower Primary School, Ialong.
A few months later, the GB of Sngap Syiem College appointed him as the Program Officer (PO) of the National Service Scheme (NSS). College Unit is not on the black list due to non-operation.
The union feels that while there is no strong law to protect the rights of their fellow citizens, the question of bringing a railway project to the state has not yet arisen,” said Streamly N Suchen, President of the union. KSU in the petition.
The Phase-2 Sports Talent Identification was held after the closure of schools in Garo Hills District two months ago due to the extreme heat wave. The temperature reached 44°C degrees, and compared to today it was much lower and the temperature was about 36°C degrees.
According to their request from the SDSEO's office, they have requested the report of the investigation into the fire at CP School, the report of the audit. from 2008 to
The Seng of Land Dealers also urged the Government to make the Rules clear and inclusive of all, especially the Land Dealers.
“As leaders, he urged all the job seekers to be patient and raise their voices to the government.
:The Sports Committee of the KSU, after receiving complaints from many participants of the Meghalaya Games and parents, has expressed its strong opposition to the state government's lack of attention to these athletes.
This hatred has been going on for thousands of years since the days of ancient kings such as David, when Satan incited the Philistines (Palestine) to fight against Israel to kill and destroy them from the face of the earth. earth.
He said what will happen to their village and the surrounding villages if such factories continue to come.
It is time for us to follow the rule of law by voting which is the best way in these times.
Nongstoiñ, March 16 : The spread of drugs in West Khasi Hills District, has caused severe damage to the youth, until it has left many sleepless nights. parents who have children who have become addicted to such alcoholic beverages.
They have been directed to submit their applications for the year 2023-2
However, if you walk around, you will find that there are still many people in this state who live below the poverty line.
Expressing the six demands of the HYC, the President of the HYC said that the decision of NEIGRIHMS to recruit Nursing Officers through NORCET has discouraged the youth from the country to get nursing jobs at this hospital.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on Tuesday informed the residents that the Governor of Meghalaya has issued directives regarding the measures and measures to maintain the and protection of water sources in the state.
Prof SP Singh Baghel, said that as of now, Ri Bhoi District has risen to the fifth position among all the Aspirational Districts in the country in the implementation of development schemes. The Minister hoped that Ri Bhoi would rise to the first position.
Ashwin also has a golden opportunity to extend his lead in the next two home matches of the tournament. They are now winning the Border-Gavaskar Trophy.
When asked about the committee to rebuild the church, Rev Moore said the church has set up a committee to find ways and means to rebuild the church.
The invitation is not to throw a butt with cash on October 27th.
In another match of Zone 1 (Group-A), Ri-Bhoi DCA, which won the toss, agreed to bat in 16.3 overs before being dismissed. when it rains.
However, it brings great benefits in the event of calamity.
It's only a matter of time before you believe.
Sunrisers, who chased the target, were bowled out for 82 runs through Aryan Bora who scored 20 runs from 25 balls and Solu Momin who added 15 runs from 15 balls in 18 overs. all that wkt.
He said that out of the 45 villages in the border areas, 47 villages have fallen into Meghalaya, while only two villages have fallen into Assam. they are Nepali and Boro.
In the second half, MLP took control of the game and this gave them the opportunity to score from the 18th minute through Wesmanwell Marshillong in the first half.
The Governor commended the Club, which has worked tirelessly to recognize and promote people who provide service to the community.
First of all, the HYC demands that the government should ban all foreigners and foreigners from entering our state.
First of all, the OM dated 10th May 2022 requires an urgent review by the State Government.
Police have searched the vehicles at Nengkalgre village, West Garo Hills on the 17th of this month at 6 pm.
But it is true, if God does not build the house, the minutes that build it are in vain, and if God does not take care of the city, the watchman watches in vain.
On receiving information about this, the reporter of U Nongsain Hima, went to meet the family.
She also reminded the police to know that the HNLC stands against the NGT's ban on coal mining, and this is also the first time that they have mislead the people about the party's intentions.
The deceased were identified as Khartik Ghosh, 50, resident of Anandamath, Tura and Artis Pyngrope, 68, resident of Anandamath, Tura. in Shillong.
In fact, I believe these questions will strengthen our prayers and intercession with God for mercy.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, while congratulating the members of HANM, on the occasion of its 12th Anniversary, said that while he was on his way to school, he also used to shoot the Dkhars, but this is just a misguidance.
Khliehriat Lber 30: Rangad and Mutong villages in East Jaintia Hills District, are the most beautiful villages in the world. The village authorities of Rangad and Mutong villages together with the residents expect that these valleys will attract tourists from all over the world and these villages are in dire need of support and The assistance and cooperation from the Ministry of Tourism in order to rapidly develop this tourism industry in these villages, so that it will also be a source of employment for the people of these villages.
He announced that he will inaugurate the new C&RD Block at Namdong on the 21st of this month.
After his death his mother was appointed to Shri.U Khing Singh Syiem Nongbah of Nongmynsaw State Boko Langpih to Muskar Hills.
The market buses or city buses have been the longest serving passengers in Shillong and have traveled to Mawlai, Laitumkhrah, Umpling, Mylliem, Smit and so on. At present, the speed limit is still low, and it is remembered that the Mawlai buses don't have back gear, because they travel from Motphran to Mawlai and reach Polo and Mawlai. I went back to Motphran.
The Dorbar Khynnah prioritizes the maintenance of cleanliness in the community, education and sports as well as the encouragement of children to cooperate and behave in a respectful manner.
The victory came after beating NSA 5-1
“I would like to say that they should go and do their homework first because I believe it would be good for their leadership to do their homework.
These areas have been placed in the Micro Containment Zone after it was found that some people have tested positive for COVID-1
Speaking to reporters at the Public Governance Festival organized by the Chief Election Officers (CEO) of the state in collaboration with MMUN, he said that the The purpose of this festival is to encourage the youth and citizens of the state to come forward to vote because it is not only the right of the citizens but also a sacred duty that must be fulfilled properly. .
The dispute is between the Meitei people, who are the riewthor, who make up about 64 percent of the population in the state, but they, because they are not the owners of the village, cannot buy land in the state. , which was owned by the indigenous, or Kuki peoples.
When asked why the order does not apply to private vehicles, Kong Kurbah said that after a thorough investigation, through the report, it was found who caused the traffic jam and due to lack of space, these vehicles drive around. -round in the same place because they had no place to stand.
In the Women's T20 tournament in Bangalore, the match was played in only 5 overs.
Dieng-shynrum SC opened the scoring in the 3rd minute through Rumi Lyngdoh.
Sumer said that the Synroplang Mawlai Constituency Self Help Group has offered to receive T.2.55 lakh per annum but has not received it.
Christians and non-Christians alike “shall take part in the police to fight against injustice and discrimination, violence and discrimination by individuals or political parties: that is, by righteousness and wisdom and the politics of knowledge" (Gaudium et Spes 75) with joy and hope.
We will find many more mistakes of Bah Deng, below-Sec 3(4) of CAA-2019 From the beginning of the writing of Bah Shylla which appeared in Kynjatshai dt.28.12.19 and Nongsain Hima dt. 20, he was shocked when he explained that the new Sec 3(4) of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, which is not Section 3 of the Act but serial no.3 of the CAA-2019, which states that after Section 6(A) of the Citizenship Act, 1955, Section 6(B) shall be replaced.
WKH, who won the toss and elected to bat first, managed to bowl only 23.1 overs out of 32 overs.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Umphniang Sharak for the month of November will be released to SK Oil Retailers on November
“This morning, these residents of the state crossed the Egyptian border after the outbreak of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and everything is safe,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
“I will never back down,” said Laskar. He said that as the Secretary for Minority Affairs, he wants to talk about the welfare of the people and the issues that the Congress has for them. but he wants to make it clear that the differences are not restricted.
These food items include rice, wheat, barley, rice and other items.
However, as it is now, if the Lokayukta appointed to investigate corruption is weak and is harassed by the government authorities, it means that the officers or those in charge of the Lokayukta will not be willing or able to investigate. corrupt activities.
“Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new” 2 Corinthians 5:1
In this regard, the AHAM office in the district on Tuesday sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Jagadish Chelani.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampa Reen said that according to the 2011 census, there are 43,370 people with disabilities and out of these, 32,006 have received Disability Certificate (DC).
Former EM James Ban Basaiawmoit said the Council has not sent a fine of 5000 rupees but has allowed to pay in small amounts twice.
The consultation on the drafting of these Acts began in early 2019 and went through several years until we approved them.
The OC Blue SPL will play against Mawkhar SC on Thursday at 3:45 pm.
“There is no reason for the delay but in the past the KHADC did not allow the government to count from its share to spend the money for the elections but now there is no objection,” he said. (DCA) Prestone Tynsong in addition to the speech of the Prime Minister on this issue.
Rahul Gandhi on this occasion said that he is an obedient soldier of the Congress party and said that he is ready to do whatever the Congress party orders him to do.
However, what is more surprising is that while the electorate is shaking hands, the MLAs, when they win, sit down with other MLAs from other parties to form a government, share projects and leave the country. and the people went out into the streets to feed themselves.
