Furthermore, this year, the entry into the crematorium has become more difficult due to the condition of the crematoria.
The JAC's opposition to these government buses is because these buses come to earn money without paying the permit fee and road tax. Nongstoin to Shillong, but they have also visited Langpih, Chahlang, Rambrai and others.
It wasn't until Kong Lumspah remembered to look at the sun that it began to set.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the Cabinet meeting had discussed the extension of the term of office of the Technical Adviser of the Electricity Department and had agreed to do so.
Referring to the incident in Assam regarding the request for information on the number of converts and the number of churches built in different districts within 10 years, the AITC leader said, “ I would like to tell the Chief Minister of Assam that this was done without his knowledge.
What needs to be looked at now is that those foundations which have stood in the past and have not reached anywhere, must be abandoned, looked at by others, otherwise they will remain forever without reaching anywhere. , while Assam is not strong enough, it will not use its power.
“Hep, I inform you that Kong Sbai has passed away and will be buried tomorrow.
Dame Bantei Marbaniang of Presbyterian Higher Secondary Mawlangwir won the prize for her presentation on “The Verities of Fishes in the pond and stream at Mawlangwir”.
Therefore, she urged the children of young ages not to be involved in such alcoholic beverages which can affect their health and destroy their lives.
At this meeting, the KSU requested the Minister of State for Affairs to release the scholarship as soon as possible as the non-release of the scholarship has affected the students who want to study. especially those young people who come from poor families who want to study higher and who rely on this food.
At the same time, he requested the cooperation of the village leaders and the people so that the implementation of the work can be completed quickly and on time.
To know, to understand, to take responsibility for yourself, to love your family, your family, your race, your customs and traditions before you love your husband.
He said that it is for this reason that Meghalaya has been exempted from the provision of Article 243 which is also known as the 73rd Amendment.
In a sense, we should be ashamed that a non-resident and spokesperson of the TMC – Saket Gokhale knows better about the problems in our state.
According to Bah Shylla, there is no shortage of jobs because those who come to clean the snier ki snap do the same.
As a sign of the launch of the fertilizer, Bah Banteidor, MLA Mawkynrew and currently the Chief Advisor in the Department of Agriculture, State Government, handed over the fertilizer bags to the fertilizer distributors at a briefing. Thynroit on July 26, 2023 to distribute fertilizers to the farmers of Mawkynrew area.
It may be recalled that the son of the SP of East Jaintia Hill , Bah MK Dkhar , has escaped from the abduction He had to leave with them because his father was injured in an accident but because of the difference and bad suspicion, the son of the SP lied to them and said that he was going outside and went to the destination. outside to report the scam to the college authorities, and thereby escaped abduction.
Police have sent more patrols to Tura and the situation has calmed down.
However, now when we look at this expenditure, which is about 45.85 crore tyngka allocated only for the purchase of equipment and other security measures, it is clear that the government does not think at all. For the Villages and Volunteers who work voluntarily especially those who have to meet face to face with those who can be called PRIMARY CONTACT and vehicles as well as Drivers/Helpers who come from abroad who are still considered as Red Zone.
The meeting was led by D.Lyngdoh and V.Khyriem followed by a welcome speech by the District Sports Officer (DSO), Bah D.Synkon and speech by Bah D.Khyriem. YG Lyngdoh, Working President of Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA).
Ki Saw Sngi Lai The Behdieñkhlam festival is held every year by the Seinraij Jowai to pray to the Creator to bless us with the blessings of the people. The meeting came to an end on the 9th of November at Aitnar.
Like the word pin, clip, tupia, etc., it doesn't matter if you use the word iapan, but the words khiathew should be avoided when there is no language or new language.
“The Government should not affect the Phase-II because we have already seen the results of the Phase-I.
Em-Em, Go-Go...... which is the Balat market, even if it's not the market day.
Debinroy Nongspung scored the winner for Lamare and was named man of the match.
On the other hand, the Congress leaders have not yet decided urgently on the ticket for the Tura Lok Sabha Constituency, as they also want to see whether the NPP will contest with Agatha Sangma or not. hi Sangma the elder.
He said that until now, the EC will also set a price but it will be too low to be paid by the people when taking or applying for permission to build houses or build any large buildings.
Sources said that the District Council officials are still in Delhi to wait for the letter which they will receive tomorrow and once they receive the letter they will come immediately. back to Shillong.
BUT if you lose your faith, your country will die.
The success of this scheme depends on the improvements brought in from time to time for the verification of submissions from farmers.
“Ka seng has received information that until now there are about 30-40 households, who have not owned this land and besides these people have allowed foreigners to stay here without paying T. 100 per day and due to the spread of households, this area has also become very dirty,” said Ruben.
One of the main issues is to allow peace and stability to return to Ukraine.
The characteristic of this extinct species is its ability to withstand heavy rainfall.
Seven colleges including Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, Thomas Jones Synod College, Nongtalang College, Ri War Jaintia College, Amlarem, St. John's College, Khliehriat, St. Anthony,s College, Byndihati.
Regarding the complaint, the President of JYF said that he came to Ma Don's house on 11th October to demand T.5 lakh for a Maruti Car ML05 E He said that he does not own a Maruti Car but the number plate is the number plate of his Bolero.
Hamza is reportedly married to the daughter of Mohammed Atta, one of the militants involved in the 9/11 attacks on the US.
Ñianglang said that although government officials from various lines have visited the village, but the surprising thing is that they have not been able to help in terms of the road.
The remains were planned to be taken from Shillong to Jamador, a village in South West Khasi Hills, with the intention of smuggling them to Bangladesh through the river in these areas.
On the same day, a meeting was held at Malangkona Higher Secondary School in Siminaguri, conducted by Bah Somit K. Sangma, Vice President of the Joint Action Committee, Malangkona Border Area. Headman of Tarabari, Enos G. Momin, former Headman of Huwapara, Sakhar Riangtem, Headman of Joypur, Carry Oscar Kharmuti, General Secretary of FKJGP West Khasi Hills and Birbor Riangtem, Secretary of Hima. Nonglang Sirdarship.
And this behavior of the Government Employees in Assam threatens the North-East as a whole.
When asked why he lost the MLA election from Sutnga, he said he can no longer hold meetings with his supporters because the time is too short. to the Congress.
As a result, the group has been working hard over the past few months to complete the budget-related tasks, which began long before the elections were announced.
The tournament is held every year as an entertainment for the spectators and also one of the sports to showcase the driving skills of the youth of the state, especially on the forest roads. khohruh khohram, don't climb trees and stones, but the tournament has been suspended for about 2 years after the outbreak of Covid-19 and has resumed this year amidst the heat and cold. witnessed by thousands of spectators from all over the country.
It will also be a memorable day in the history of the District Council, as the new dorbar will start with the inauguration of the CEM. MDCs of the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM have resigned from all their posts and withdrawn from the ruling People's Democratic Front (PDF) led by Bah Appoint N Syiem as Chief Executive Member (CEM).
On the other hand, SP Bah S.Nongtnger said that the police in collaboration with the Shallang Police Chiefs have sent SWAT teams to conduct a thorough search operation to track down the suspects. and also in order to rescue the head of the company.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The State Government today has relaxed the number of government employees who wish to hold jobs, become members of villages and organizations by allowing them to do so on the condition that they must immediately inform the government when they do.
Through the Meghalaya Tourism Development and Investment Promotion Scheme, the Government has provided assistance to youth and groups who open resorts and home stays.
Grapes have been proven to be truly beneficial for health.
Your help has encouraged me that in the future I can do something for the country and the nation.
“The meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah is only to remind the Government to return the 18 villages under Block-II to Meghalaya,” said the Chairman of the Union. Blikstar Sohtun in an interview with the media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The best knowledge of Satan's power is found in God's Word at EXODUS 7:8-1
The signs are clear;Your actions have explained,The corruption of the government;There is no need to fight anymore.
It is learned that in the past, the North Eastern Council has paid 100 per cent of the food assistance to students who continue their higher education such as Doctorate or Engineering. (NEC).
The price of the Tesla will be $200,000 and buyers will have to pay a deposit of $50,000, while those who buy the first 10,000 cars will have to pay a deposit of $250,0 it's called the Founder's Series.
The death toll has risen to 76 today, bringing the total to
At the same time, the party urges the MLA to provide assistance to this family.
He said the investigation team has been urgently directed to complete the allegation of corruption in relation to the Council's money collected through the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoiñ.
Father Kuriakose, a priest of the Jalandhar diocese, testified against Bishop Mulakkal, who was accused of raping a nun 13 times between 2014 and
The MSU leaders have met with the Deputy Chief Minister, Tawnluia, on 2nd October 2021, where they have made it clear that non-residents should not be elected for the post. , but the state government, did not listen.
This is the opportunity for the children of non-Khasi fathers to do whatever they want, because the KHADC which is in charge of the Khasi customs and traditions gives them the opportunity.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 06: To strengthen the services of the organization especially in the border areas, the HITO Ri-Bhoi District on Saturday established another office known as HITO Them Marwet Area to provide service to the people especially for the welfare of the border residents.
Therefore, it decided to urge the Speaker to extend the meeting for a few days, so that the members can participate through Resolutions, Motions and others to discuss better the issues affecting the people and the state. .
Why don't you speak your own language?
In the first half, both teams scored three goals each.
Most of these MLAs are from the NPP and out of the 26, 20 are crorepati.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills has had to surrender before these officials of KAAC, Assam even after there was a dispute and argument on its own grounds at Khatkasla.
The Meghalaya Power Lifting Association (MPL&FA) in collaboration with Powerlifting India will hold the first State Powerlifting Competition in the state on 9th November Umsning, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya.
Only 60 students will be initiated per year.
A notice has also been sent to the State Government regarding the complaint about the pollution of Wahumkhrah and Wah Umshyrpi in Shillong.
Rohit Sharma was named Player of the Match for tied 15 runs and took two wickets.
Abhishek Kumar managed to shine well in the ball to help Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 180 runs on the morning of the fourth innings between the two teams.
He said he was not only a leader of Mawlai Constituency, but for the nation and the State as well.
Before that, there were no semi-finals or finals in the Plate Group.
“Government, please look after us who use the roads.
Thus this has happened over and over again until now, that man has to face all the problems such as poverty, sickness and the end is death.
A case was registered under Section 302 IPC under Jowai PS Case No. 121 (9) 2005. The investigation was conducted by SI B Singh.
“On October 27, 2023, at 8.30 pm, a team of troops who have strengthened security at The Indo-Pakistan border has detected a drone coming from parts of Pakistan in BOP Rajatal, Amritsar Sector.
Mawkyrwat, March 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a letter to the Managing Director of Apex Bank, Bah Osmond Nongbri to remind him of the need to open the bank. new offices have been opened at four places in Ranikor, Umdohlun and Wahkaji, Dangar and Pongkung.
Bah Auguster said that matriculation is the stage of education and class XII is the stage that will decide the future of the students.
This is the reason for the backwardness in our minds as human beings.
He gave an example, “At present in MBoSE from class 1, 2 and 3, there are 11 textbooks while in NCERT there are only 4 textbooks.
Through the complaint of the woman, two others have lodged a complaint with the police, regarding the rape by the religious man and then, another woman, has lodged a complaint. , that she, too, had experienced rape by the religious leader.
This happened today and it was also in Mawroh Village.
Long-serving Barcelona defender Jordi Alba is set to leave the club at the end of the season after 11 years at the club.
Therefore, it was said that these explosives are no longer current but have been stationed in the area since 1950-1953 since the time of the Korean War.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Tuesday held a program to congratulate the state Olympic team which will leave on Saturday for the 3rd The North East Games 2024 will be held in Nagaland from 18-23 October.
Protesters planned to take part in the rally, but were stopped by police patrols and heavy clashes broke out between police and protesters.
Raphael Warjri also announced that the Memorial Award has been established in the name of Barikor Prithpal Singh Sehdave.
Meanwhile, Pangniang criticized Vincent H Pala who won the MP twice from the state but did nothing to address the issues of the people from the border, the coal blockade and others.
We will not surrender after 50 years of struggle for victory and we will not allow ourselves to be under the violence of Assam,” he said.
Because of this, the party will hold a meeting to decide whether to strike again.
However, they are struggling to undermine the development of the Modi government.
The Government of Meghalaya today concluded the celebration of the Special Month for the Conservation of the Environment, in the presence of the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma as the Chief Guest, along with the Minister of Environment. State Government James PK Sangma, officers from various departments, Village Leaders and others.
The National Commission for Women (NCW) in New Delhi on 7th October honored Delina Khongdup who was appointed as a Member of the National Commission for Women (NCW), New Delhi recently.
It has been found that the shying is the best fertilizer in the rice fields in Khasi-Jaintia for rice.
The Dolloi has the power to hear the boundary taxes, the land taxes of the villages and is also the boundary supervisor of the Elaka and the villages and to confirm the land titles.
Speaking at the meeting, Ms Matsiewdor War Nongbri said that this training is special to provide detailed information for those involved in this assistance to the victims.
The heroin and WY tablets were seized on the 12th of this month from a Maruti Alto (ML-05Q-2979) coming from Shillong and heading to Dawki.
The Waheh Shnong Bakur, Bah Wespar Lamin has urged the residents to come out on this day and also urged all the shopkeepers, market dwellers to close their shops and also the drivers of vehicles. earnings to stop earnings temporarily until the cleansing of the city is completed.
He said that if these land are returned to their owners, it will help Shillong to avoid traffic jams.
Referring to the KHADC's rejection of the proposal of his group to hold a meeting in the dorbar bah to be held on the 5th, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that the venue for the meeting is in the House. Ardent said that Ardent did not attend the meeting of all the MDCs of various political parties as well as the meeting of MDCs and Chief Executive Members on the 27th of July. “Only inside the Council, we don't have a good opportunity to speak,” he said. “The public will not be able to speak but only a few people will be able to speak. “The meeting on the 27th has already been prepared, they just want a decision, why should we waste time,” said Bah Ardent. thousands of people the people will understand clearly.
It is as the BJP Meghalaya leaders said, not to hurry because you can sit lyngknot again when there are no sofas or chairs.
“Ardent wants to contest against Alexander Kharsyntiew, whom the party doesn't like but the party wants Councilor Sing Wahlang,” said Myrthong.
Women –100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, 3000M, 5000M, High Jump, Long Jump, Javelin Throw, 4X100M,  4X400 Mixed relay.
The NPP leaders in Mawhati, including Donbok Kharnaior, General Secretary of the NPP Mawhati and J. Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawhati, said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has done a lot of good for Mawhati. He has been able to surpass other former leaders of Mawhati Constituency.
The NSCN (IM) today made it clear that it will not accept the holding of elections in Nagaland.
In a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Zoramthanga requested for assistance of about T.10 crore for the provision of assistance to Manipuris who have migrated to 11 districts of that of Mizoram.
The Pastor also prayed that the College will continue to provide services to the students.
The woman was seriously injured and was rushed to hospital but died shortly afterwards.
This means the lands that were not owned by the French during their rule over India.
This is the issue that the INC, TMC and VPP have been talking about until today, which other political parties in the Coalition Government have not been willing to share.
Words that are sweet and depressing enter the mind, enter the feelings, which are called in psychology the subconsciousness.
However, the Minister explained that this is not a loan, but a scheme by the government to help the farmers to improve and develop their agriculture.
One of the issues discussed was the two roads which the Naming Committee of the State Government has renamed to Ardhendhu Choudhary Road in 2020 at Laban Dorbar Shnong and Bhaskar Choudhary Road at Laban Dorbar Shnong. u 2022 at the Dorbar Shnong Laban, regarding the naming of these roads, the Seng said that from the beginning it has been standing firm that it does not agree to name the roads to other ethnic groups. and has held protests together with the Dorbar Shnongs and has sent many petitions to the relevant departments in this regard.
Another issue that the MLA decided to discuss is to improve and expand the road to Mawsynram area to attract tourism and agriculture.
In Assam, the number of male abortions in 2013-14 so far was 4,137, 4,276 and 4,237; and women who had abortions were 49,860, 40,537 and 45,1
Shillong: Heavy rainfall in the state since Tuesday has caused the Garo Hills to be flooded due to the flooding of rivers in the area. the 4 of them are human beings.
L.P school Padu' one of the oldest school buildings in Amlarem War Jaintia Hills District has been severely damaged. section.
BJP MP Mandsaur Sudhir Gupta has slammed Aamir Khan for being the cause of the population growth in India. in India.
The HYC has conducted a raid through the “Sier Lapalang Operation” and found that many of these foreign workers do not have proper documents such as identifying themselves as citizens of India through The EPIC and especially the Labor License from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has strongly suspected that these people may not be Indian citizens.
The entry fee is T.4000/- and only 32 groups will be accepted. For more information please call
Meghalaya beat Rajasthan by 259 runs in Nagpur on Friday.
Normally, the life cycle of any power project will be 30 years but it can also operate for 50-60 years provided it requires modernization of old equipment.
The DSEO issued this advertisement after the Khasi Students' Union, War Jaintia Circle inspected the school at Sohkha Government HSS which has no teacher in Chemistry since October.
According to the information received by the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), the illegal limestone trade was carried out with the assistance of the Forest Ranger and DFO of West Jaintia Hills. benefit yourself personally.
Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time. thy life as the life of one of them.
Therefore, we strongly request you to intervene and take disciplinary action to ensure that no problems arise through this incident," the complaint said.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The State Government on Friday approved the proposal of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) after the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, called for talks with the leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM). Establish.
He also urged all the students of the district to do well in their studies at various levels and the party expects that many more students will come forward in their studies. Larisa's HSSLC examination has brought honor not only to her parents or the school, but to the entire district and Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today lodged a complaint with the DM&HO West. Dr. KC Ajar, on the shortage of doctors at the Community Health Center (CHC) Laskein.
Shillong, November 12: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday swore in the new leaders of the Central Executive Committee (FKJGP) at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong. Dundee Cliff Khongsit has been appointed as the President and L Newton Lyngdoh as the General Secretary.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Friday decided to temporarily suspend the indefinite strike after the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla request up to three days to consider the demands including the removal of the Technical Officer/Senior Consultant.
“According to the Global Youth Tobacco Survey (GYTS), 33.6% of the population aged 13-15 years old smokes tobacco in the country. state.
The Seng said that in fact this road will be a great blessing to the people in times of emergency especially in times of illness or transportation. He said that he should take action and start the work as soon as possible for the safety and security of the people of the area.
Because strength is in the hands of each of you and me, do not be ashamed to criticize, but show the way, for my righteousness and yours must live as their word. Khasi says earn the right,” said the leader.
According to the Indian Council of Medical Research, the government cannot force and distinguish between those who have received the vaccine and those who have not.
The time is also good for groups that seek information through RTI to know about development projects that reach the villages.
u 666 is the one in which the Christian world is divided.
He urged the voters to vote according to their own understanding and will and not to succumb to the propaganda of others.
The KSU leader also warned the people who are allowed to import foreigners that they are not allowed to import illegal immigrants and non-nationals. this area and village.
On the Inner Line Permet (ILP), Rani said, “I am part of a group of 13 parties to demand ILP and now as president we will monitor this issue and we will not rest until urlong".
Seventeen other women journalists have now come forward, saying that Ramani is not alone and want the court to take their testimony, which they met with Akbar. .
“In this regard, the Task Force Committee has decided to recommend that the government should look into the letter sent by the Seng Khasi and Seng Raij to recognize them as minorities in the state,” he said. said the committee.
The meeting was attended by leaders of various organizations including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, the Jaintia Students Union, the Jaintia Youth Federation and others. Dr Phervision Nongtdu, Jhanika Siangshai and others.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU Leader Lambokstarwell Marngar strongly criticized the Government for not being able to urge the Government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya immediately.
The second time I was elected CEM, the opposition did not take part in the election, they abstained.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Electoral Officer Frederick Kharkongor said that after the filing of nomination papers on 7th June, there were 379 candidates including 342 males and 37 females. female.
Other leaders who attended the meeting included Dikkanchi D Shira, MLA Mahendraganj, Lazarus M Sangma MLA Chokpot, Cherak R Momin MDC Kharkutta and other TMC leaders from the state.
Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) has failed to win the election from Mawkynrew constituency, while Hamlet Dohling has failed to win the election from Mylliem constituency. .
Speech was also delivered by Riquoma Rq.Laloo, who reminded how the ancients did not know the subject of science, they knew what would happen if people did not preserve the trees and water. .
“We have made it clear to the police that if they want to talk to our members, call us, we are ready to come and meet them,” Najiar said. for we have no part nor reason to fear anyone.
If there is anything to think about, it is that Cleopas and his companion understood clearly that the great works that Jesus had begun must be revived, the preaching of the message of love and the miracles of comfort and hope. the people must continue.
He said that Mukhla Village will also receive two sanctioned projects to build galleries around the Thad Football Ground and another village will receive assistance through the CSR Fund to build a stadium. Futsal on artificial turf and will also be a source of income for the village.
The competition will be broadcast LIVE by NES, AIR, Shillong and Doordarshan Center Shillong and will be available from all AIR stations and DD centers across the North East.
The Dorbar Shnong Mookyrdup has come forward to express its opposition to the plan of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to set up a waste disposal site within the boundary of the village.
The year 2024 is now the year of harvest for the farmers.
Effective leaders who are strong, who have talent have already won the love and trust of the people.
Mawkyrwat, July 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) through the Education Cell of South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has sent a letter to inform and request you about the Khlur Rit Government Lower Primary School, Mawpud village, Mawpud, has been destroyed by a landslide. landslide caused by heavy rainfall.
Speaking to reporters after the government released the report, the KSKBUH leaders said that they are not happy because the government has not released the names of the policemen involved in the report. The government has not yet dismissed the police but has decided to summon the police.
According to information, some people are ready to appeal to the High Court if the Governor of the State does not approve the Bill.
The meeting also discussed issues related to the directive of the Election Commission of India to take measures to conduct thorough investigations into all the cases filed before and after the election. The elections to the Legislative Assembly of Nagaland have been held.
Dr Aman said that Laskein CHC has up to 40 quarantine beds for suspected cases of COVID-1
The decision of the Prime Minister, it is understood, is to strengthen the economic growth and income of the department, which is one of the sources of employment.
On the security of schools, Marak said that instructions have been sent to the Superintendents of Police to take necessary measures to prevent and protect.
While on the way, the officer asked 30 questions whether he was the Sordar Shnong and when he replied that he was, he asked whether he used to cut trees. and the chief answered and said, I have not seen any.
He said that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, has also urged many people to turn to such medicines as they are good for the health of the people. .
Sadly, over the years, the number of Dohum has decreased and some of them have become extinct because the village authorities have not been able to close and control the rivers. There are also many Dohum destroyers on both sides of the Umngot River and they don't hurt anyone by breaking with explosives, bullets and Tutia or Bleaching powder and other weapons or drugs to kill Dohum.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The celebration of Valentine's Day in Shillong, Thma U Rangli (TUR) has taken part in spreading the message against violence against women. which has campaigned on the need for the word 'mynjur' after the state has witnessed violence against women and mothers in these days.
The hospital has technology in the field of treatment, including Hydrafacial, Oxygeneo Facial, Hollywood Laser, Photo Facials, Dermafrac, Pigmentation and other treatments including HIFU, Microneedling, Fillers. , botox and others.
The District Administration, led by the Additional District Magistrate, Bah DM Wahlang, in charge of peace and order in the city, led by the Additional District Magistrate, visited the cemetery at Lawmali, Mawroh.
The teachers held a meeting today on the invitation of the Chief Secretary and decided to go to the negotiating table on their demand.
Shillong, November 12: The West Bengal Police on Tuesday arrested Ashok Jain, Managing Director of Saumya Mining Limited, Kolkata, Kolkata. he was arrested from his residence in Kokata with the money collected as tax.
The General Secretary of the MSBA in a statement issued on 24th June 2022 said that the NSCA Indoor Stadium at Lachumiere was inaugurated by Dr. Fakiruddin Ali Ahmed, former President of India in and it is the first indoor stadium in the Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said that they have submitted to the Prime Minister the decision of the High Court in 1993 which ordered that the share of revenue should be percent to the District Councils and 40 percent to the State Government.
Meghalaya is a state which has become famous in the world as one of the most beautiful tourist destinations and attracts tourists in the last few years but if there are these problems and disturbances, it will take a long time for peace and order. Tourists will be happy to come to this state and it will take a long time to recover the lost glory.
Do those BDOs have car passes in each village to issue car passes to those who need them? If the Rangbah Shnong calls the BDO to get the car pass, he has to walk until he reaches and returns to the village.
The target for income growth in the state in 2024-25 is 11.4 percent.
My job is to stand firm,” said Dr Mukul, indicating that the government will stand firm.
Not only Mohamed, but many other players have refused to participate in the campaign and thus have missed some of their team's games including Toulouse wing Zakaria Aboukhlal.
Lakadong from Meghalaya is one of the most popular curcumin in the world and is cultivated in West Jaintia Hills District. kind of shynrai.
On the other hand, Bah Lakador Syiem said that the celebration of the Day against Drugs will end on the 26th as it has been decided to celebrate the Day throughout the year with various programmes.
The government has also promised to provide special protection to the HNLC leaders if they are willing to come to the peace talks.
The member of the group was identified as Balsrang Ch.
There are more than 30 shops selling a variety of items such as pig feed, chicken feed, chicken feed, chicken breasts, agricultural products and chicken cleaning products and others. and the farmers did not take part.
From the beginning of 2014, forget the MLA elections in 2013, the MDC elections followed by the MP Lok Sabha elections
The tournament was closed with a ceremony, dance and especially a song and dance performance by famous singers including Ahlyna, Gracel Ropmay, Banjop, Lamphang Syiemlieh. physically exercise all the players before they leave for their respective states.
Shillong, March 13: U Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, on a two-day meeting with the heads of various government departments in the state today in the presence of Minister Deborah C Marak and Additional Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, KS Kropha.
In the days that followed when Deisy went to class, Linda and Riia's parents also asked about Bahnah.
“This punishment happened only after the MDC elections of JHADC because I supported the Congress candidate, Jweller Synrem and I didn't. The NPP candidate Thombor Shiwat from Nartiang Umladang has supported the NPP candidate for Nongdhar.
Isaiah 65:17.
Some decide to do exactly what they thought.
However, he said that after the explanation of the leaders, many of them have started to understand.
“Well, sleep well everyone.
The facilities in schools can be used as Social Awareness Centres.
The price of kwai, which used to be high every year, has dropped sharply this year.
Shillong, Nailur 3: A Swift Desire (ML-05 J-9868) collided with two vehicles parked on the road at 1 pm on Tuesday. Robert's house.
Momin said that the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, has also expressed his willingness to contest the upcoming election from the Shillong Parliamentary seat, but this too is up to the leaders from the Central. his own job is to send the names of those who wish to participate.
At such a time – the soil that has been ploughed and the fertilizer that has been harvested from the stalks of rice, jyntang riew hadem, leaves of trees or plants are the only seeds that we call the plant because there are There are also those who plant sara lung and in this age it is more difficult to plant sara lung.
Today, police have arrested 15 persons and arrested 15 persons. The investigation is ongoing to confirm their links with the ANVC B. and he destroyed the place of refuge.
Besides, they say that they like to be abroad because the behavior of the people is different.
There is no road that leads to a car.
The cry was in vain, "Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord!" Oh, that Israel had known in that day the things which were the peace of the land! that they see not the glory of God the Son of God.
However, we find that once we have loved and loved each other, there is nothing else that can separate us.
“With the establishment of the Advisory Board, we are on the verge of fully implementing the PITNDPS Act from now on,” said Social Welfare Minister Paul Lyngdoh in an interview with the media on Tuesday.
Fr Richard said that many of the Christians have turned away from Christ by missing the Holy Mass because of the joy and determination to attend the Holy Mass which has distanced them. relationship with Jesus Christ.
He said that this dulir does not encourage marriage between the same gender and said that this dulir refers to the meaning of blessing prayer.
He also recalled the journey of the United Democratic Party (UDP) which was born from the Hills People Union (HPU) with the aim of bringing together the ethnic parties to unite.
According to information from many constituencies in Shella constituency, many voters said that the contest will be between these three candidates although the UDP can contest in almost all the constituencies compared to other candidates. in some places.
According to sources, the CRP station under Lumdiengjri Police Station was hit by a petrol bomb at about 12:30 pm, but the petrol bomb exploded. on the ground there was no damage.
“The NHAI has not repaired the bad areas of the road which are full of potholes along the highway and it is not safe for freight vehicles and small vehicles to travel on this road,” he said. The KSU leader urged the district administration to take action to resolve the problem of the people passing through this highway.
As soon as the issue of KHADC Trade Department was held in the House, it was seen that Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM, turned his head to one of the MDCs who was about to take over. On the other hand, Pynshngaiñ indicated that he would stop and stood up to answer the questions which the House did not receive clarification from the EM of Trade, James Sylliang.
Meanwhile, Nickson Dohling, Organizing Secretary of the HYC, who spoke earlier, strongly criticized the TUR led by Angela Ryngad for saying that the VAB has shortcomings. “TUR is the Thylliej of Ri-Thor, not the Thma of Rangli Juki”.
“We have decided to sell the land even if the devil comes to buy it, just to avoid the harassment we have faced in the past decades by the villages of Tynring and Umsarang who want it. Speaking at a meeting with the leaders of the KSU Mawlai Circle at Mawsiat Khnam to clarify on what basis the village intends to sell the land, Bah Jones said.
In the five-page petition, Bah Madal demanded that the Governor should remove the posts of 17 MLAs who have been appointed as Parliamentary Secretaries as the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointment, Salaries) Act does not apply. Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 2005 is illegal.
And then from inside the cave where he was hiding, he prepared for war by attacking at night on the French camps.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : All the Rangbah Shnongs of Pynursla border villages have met at Pongtung this evening after the MDC of the area has called a meeting to discuss the killing of a Rangbah by the BSF. Speaking to media after the meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs unanimously condemned the shooting death by the BSF and demanded that the state government should take strong action.
He said that the reports are unreliable, but what cannot be confirmed is that Assam still has the Armed Forces (Special Power) Act. there is nothing behind it that cannot be said.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 33835 out of which 25266 have recovered and 544 have died.
Solomon did not ask for riches, honor, or the lives of those who hated Him, or to live long.
The minimum temperature in Shillong was 23.5 degrees Celsius and 14.5 degrees Celsius.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun congratulated all the people of Ri-Bhoi District who have undergone many changes and started to rise in all aspects and may the leaders continue to have a healthy body and knowledge to The district can continue to develop in all aspects.
The tournament, which started on 25th November and will end on 1st November, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) and the BFI with the support of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government. The ceremony was inaugurated by the Secretary General of the Boxing Federation of India (BFI), Hemanta Kumar Kalita as the chief guest.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in most parts of the state today.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will take a decision after receiving the report of the High Level Committee (HLC) appointed to review and study the issue. Iewmawlong and to evacuate people from that area.
Bah Macdonald Lyngdoh also admitted that the mining in the area has not caused any pollution of the water wells as alleged by the residents and promised to take the water for testing so that to find the truth.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishop Victor expressed his delight to be able to take part in the 41st death anniversary of Bishop Stephen Ferrando, the second Bishop of the State. Shillong, the famous Missionary and Founder of the Sister Mary Help of Christian (MSMHC).
A peaceful and happy home would be as John Howard who traveled the world but missed his home composed the song : “Home, home, home, there is nothing like home, there is no house.
This persecution is expressed in these lines- “Those who enslaved us said, 'Let us sing; they tell us to please them; “Sing us a song of praise”.
There are 58 recoveries from the disease.
So far, 2.1 crore liters of water has been extracted from the surrounding crematoria by machines of Coal India, Kirloskar Company and the Odisha Fire Service.
They are rich in protein.
He said that there are many youths with disabilities who have learned but when they turn to government offices to look for jobs they don't get jobs as their quota has been set aside.
In Jaintia Hills, Sniawbhalang Dhar will contest against Congress candidate Emlang Laloo and two others in Nartiang constituency.
Therefore, the 'War against Corruption' will continue in the State as announced by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in recent days,” said Marak.
Bah Borning Nongbsap, said that the length of this road is about 10 km, and some parts of it have already been painted, but the surprising thing is that the contractor who is doing the work has not About 2 km of road has been left unfinished until now which has caused problems to the people in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road, especially in the area where there are many government offices and tourist attractions.
Soon Cain fled to the land of Nod, where Satan's people lived.
Through this complaint registered at Rongjeng PS under Section 386/34 read together with Section 16/184/20 of the U.A(P) Act, the police have conducted a thorough investigation.
There were 103 bags of plastic, plastic, newspapers and all kinds of garbage smuggled from Canada to the Philippines in 2013-1
And sorry for me, I put it and you didn't.
I found my mobile on the morning of the 20th and knocked it off.
Her speech was very thought-provoking and blessed to all the listeners and students.
It is reported that the shooting happened at 4am, then it happened in the afternoon and so on, where they used to shoot, about 2 or 3 times a day and once they shot, it continued. about half an hour, said Mr. Basaiawmoit.
This will help them to develop a sense of well-being and help their children to sleep well.
“We are deeply concerned about the illegal political campaign by the present government.
Rule 134(1) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Councils Rules, 1951 has been amended to T.3,000 and the expenses for the elections, According to Rule 176 of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous Councils Rules,
Many diarrhea medications don’t work, but a Zinc-containing medication stops diarrhea earlier for babies older than 6 months.
The world was made by him, and the world knew him not (the Jewish world did not know Jesus).
The price is profitable and the price can reach T.1000 per kilo in the markets in Assam.
The commemoration was organized by the Nongkhlaw Village in collaboration with the Nongkhlaw Hima under the auspices of the Death Anniversary Central Organizing Committee.
The monument has a viewing platform which can be climbed or descended through a spiral staircase, and is surrounded by specially built balustrades and railings. by granite boulders.
He promised that the college management will continue to teach Khasi music to a higher level.
She said that this year's theme is on the increase in cyber crime, but to prevent this there is a law under the Information Technology Act 2000, she said. You can complain about this if anyone takes advantage of this person on social media as well.
In 2020-'21, the farmers stayed on the streets for about 13 months to fight against the Narendra Modi government on their demands.
The purpose of the state government is to bring unity in the state, so that the people of this state will have within them the spirit of ownership of their own city, the The aim is also to strengthen the cleanliness programs and to keep the state clean.
However, NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the facts showed that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was responsible for the attack.
The body of a 21-year-old woman was found in a pond in Bakshibanda.
Their vision is that so that the future generation will not have to face the shortage of water.
On the other hand, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima in his speech as the chief guest, said that as it is known, the rongbiria of the Khasi has started since the time of the kulong kumah. 'Meikha' to the descendants of Mount 'Ka Meikha' which is now known as Mount Kamakhya in northern Assam.
Shillong, July 29: The struggle within the Congress party to demand the removal of Dr Mukul Sangma has started slowly. According to reports, this has happened because Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi, who are the judges, have not pushed too much for the demands of the party MLAs.
“Because it was not us who started, but others who started, regarding the shooting of these Khasi youths,” said the leaders of the Taxi Drivers Association.
Nongstoin, Naitung 13: In connection with the disappearance of Cecilia Pariong, 14, from Mawroh WKH on July 2, the Nongstoin Police Station has sent a team to Allahabad to search for her. child.
The General Secretary of SBUK, Bah MD Tmar, said that for many reasons, the SBUK has not been able to do anything in these days after the death of its senior members.
“It is surprising that the foundation stone has been removed from the new school which has just been built and replaced in the old school building which does not exist,” he said. They also said that the Seng strongly condemns this fraud by the Managing Committee.
Speaking to media, Samla Hercules Suting President of HYC Ri-Bhoi said that the HYC is deeply concerned about the problems faced by the border residents from time to time. In the past few days, there has been a search operation by the Assam police on the allegation that the Assam buildings have been destroyed in Jatalong village and the border settlement work has been suspended until now.
The Executive Committee, chaired by Titosstarwell Chyne, rejected the no confidence motion tabled by NPP MDC Rambrai Jyrngam and Congress MDC Bajop Pyngrope. the council.
The Entry Fee for the participants will be Rs.200/-.
However, he expressed his satisfaction that despite the difficult journey, the women have understood that it was only a misguidance in which the road has been opened to the public which will also be a blessing for the residents.
“You have come ...and I have prepared myself.
For example, the word samla is a general sentence with the word khynraw as the male sentence and the word khyllud as the female sentence.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, a short meeting was held where the Waheh Shnong Joseph Pariat said that the Dorbar Shnong in an emergency meeting has decided to donate the foodgrains and money to help the needy families. you can help at this time.
“Many of our works have been taken by others who belong to different religions, we don't judge anyone's religion,” said Momen.
They brought this issue only to destroy the unity of us Khasi.
In this incident, the protesters burnt down vehicles and damaged several government buildings, as part of the protest against the police's violence against the people. times.
All electronic media are requested to comply with the Guidelines for Election Broadcasts issued by the NBSA on 3rd October,
On the other hand, the EE promised to take action and said that he will inspect the road together with the contractors.
Article 25 of the Constitution of the country guarantees the right to believe in a religion of their choice. The allegation against Christians is against the protection of the Constitution.
“What they say in the media that we should call back is wrong.
Downhill was divided into categories for all male and female participants, while XCO was divided into categories for youth from 15 to 16 years old. , Junior for 17 to 18 years and Elite for 19 years and above.
Sadhus today held a special ritual to eradicate the rape of children, which has spread across India, at Chilkur Balaji Temple, Hyderabad.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of Erpakon Village, Bah Lamboklin Kharshilot, said that at the time of the incident, all the family members were not at home, but they went to stay at the house of Mawkordor's father. u Bah P.Nonglang because she has only one child in the house while everyone else has gone away.
The mock drill was conducted at Polo Road and Polo-Wahingdoh Road, Polo Super Market, shops in Polo area, Hotel Polo Towers, SBI Building, Polo and MeCEL, Lumjingshai, Samkhamti Petrol Pump, Urkaliar, Female Health Worker, School of Nursing and School of Nursing, TTC, Ganesh Das Government Hospital, Lawmali, St.Xavier's School, Polo, Pynthorumkhrah Golflinks Higher Secondary School and Shillong Secondary School, Forest Colony.
He said his government will also ensure the proper performance of employees in government offices by installing biometric attendance systems to ensure punctuality and punctuality.
Lajong started the tournament against Kerala Blasters FC, but lost to the team.
“Exodus” means “Deliverance or departure or the beginning of a journey”.
When asked whether the Christian Church in Assam has been affected by the introduction of the bill by the Assam government, he said it will not be affected because it is only prohibited to hold healing services or preach conversion. but the fellowship of fellow Christians will continue.
He said that besides studying, the students also need time to refresh their minds, but they should not forget to live and have fun in a manner that is polite and pleases their parents. also along with the education to become young people who know man and know God.
However, it has never been reported that those involved in the fire have been arrested by the residents or the village authorities, as they have never been found.
The inhabitants were divided into classes and many of the disciples and followers of Jesus Christ were fishermen, tax collectors and Samaritans at the bottom of society.
Those who attended were welcomed with a smile on their faces, and made the evening enjoyable.
The meeting was conducted by John F Kharshiing, Working President, in the presence of Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, Ksan Warjrri, Treasurer, P Laloo and Dipshon Rynthathiang. After a thorough discussion, the meeting decided to invite all the State Associations and the international athletes of the state who have represented India. to send the bio data or CV of those players from the state who have represented India and also to announce through the media that these prominent players, past and present Please send these urgent information to the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association at or through the State Olympic Association on or before 20th June 2023 for another meeting of all the leaders. for India after the 2023 MLA elections.
When asked whether the KHADC supports the statement of Bah Bindo M Lanong, Bah Pynshngain said that Bah Bindo M Lanong is also an MDC and a member of KHUDA. he is a former MDC and speaks according to his experience and knowledge.
He said that it has also agreed to provide by purchasing survey equipment such as GPS, Map because it has encouraged the people living on the border to take the Land Record where they have to go outside and need to do so. accept the Council.
The report said that the Sengbhalang from EJHD have witnessed that the service of Bah E.Kharmalki as DC of EJHD, is a blessing to the district, as he has a close relationship with the DC. and the residents of the District and he is also a person who is ready to help those in need.
Why is it wrong? We know for sure that it is not man who created man, but God who created man. We must first know the Creator and then we know the other person.
“Until now, I have found that there is no new initiative whether it is from the Government or the training,” he said.
“Those who are more intelligent understand that this change is still a retrospective roster system and we are surprised that the parties (UDP, HSPDP and Congress) have agreed to this arrangement of the NPP. It is said that it is a continuous process and there is no retrospective or prospective.
The Treasurer of the Union, DH Pde, Waheh Chnong of Chilliangriaj, in the presence of HC Dkhar, Waheh Shnong of Chilliangriaj, in the presence of HC Dkhar, Waheh Shnong of Mooralong, Lyngdoh, Headmaster of Carolin, Assistant Headmaster of Lion Club and other members of the Union were present.
Here we agree 100-100 with him, because only the fools go outside the border.
The Chief Minister Under-12 Football Tournament for the boys and girls of different blocks in the district has been held. it has come to an end.
New Delhi: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today slammed the government of Narendra Modi, accusing it of making complete mistakes and leading to a sharp decline in GDP. you have received a court in the country.
However, this road has lasted only a few months, as it is a dirt road and even Mahindra pickups find it difficult to pass during the rainy season.
“If we can do this without stopping, we will be able to eradicate the production of plastic items which have been banned,” he said.
The book entitled “The Role of the Khasi Labor Corps During World War I” was written and compiled by Babu (Dr) Sylvanus Lamare, Principal of St Edmund College and writer of the Khasi people. , was launched by the Minister of State for Education, Kong Roshan Warjri at a function held at St Edmund's College, Shillong.
They also objected that the State Government has approved to close down the University, just one day after the suggestion of the Governor, which was held on 12th July 2013 and the Governor has also suggested to send an inquiry by the Governor. The CBI has investigated the case and the CID of the State Government is conducting an investigation.
The complaint of the residents about the increasing shortage of electricity in the past few months, has affected the residents when they come to the C&RD Block Mawshynrut office.
Defense Minister James K Sangma will visit Ampati, Samlin Malngiang in Resubelpara, Banteidor Lyngdoh in Khliehriat and Metbah Lyngdoh in Mairang.
“This bill will affect the farmers of India, this impact cannot be understood now, but gradually the farmers will understand the problem.
Then the kur long jait, the tip kur tip kha and the giving of jait to the mother.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah P Ryngkhlem, member of the church committee, said that the fire may have been caused by a power outage.
“As a new minister, I have told them to allow me because I will have to find out the documents and decisions of the previous government,” he said.
In the glory of the Son of the Father, Wow, you are the thylliej of the Father.
It was also announced that all Rangbah Shnongs will not take part in any government program until it resolves the issues arising from the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to strip them of their powers and authority. Village leader.
(L) Kitborlang Lyngkhoi's short story was read by Meer Hussain CH, 3rd Semester of English Department, Shillong. , Keshab Paudel and Subedar 2 Meghalaya BN NCC, Hento Taipodia.
Furthermore, the treatment of patients and diseases has increasingly required upgradation in healthcare and drugs specialization and even pharmaceutical companies have to struggle to develop drugs that can be used to treat patients and diseases. heal better the beggars.
Primadona Mawkhlieng, in a statement to reporters recently, said that although no reason has been given for the suspension, the main reason is because she and another Engineer, They did not sign the file sent by the BDO of the Block, Bah Lyngkor Kynjing.
Niaw Wasa Utd beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu by seven goals in the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament, while Tympang Club and Newhil won the Third Division Football Tournament.
After discovering the illegal employment of these foreigners, the union immediately expelled and closed down these shops, which include mystery workers, khapshñiuh shopkeepers and hardware shops.
They will have to wait for the elections in 2028 so that they can elect others.
All these ambulances have been parked at the 108 office at Lawmali.
The book titled Forging New Partnership, Breaching New Frontiers; India Diplomacy under the UPA in 2004-14, which he gave to Rahul Gandhi while they were walking together on the yatra, published recently by the Oxford University Press (one of the leading universities in the world).
Opener Shweta Sehrawat scored 118 runs before Meghalaya captain Debasmita Dutta (1/56) was beaten by Vandana Chaturvedi. Neelam Roy (1/62) was bowled out for 58 runs.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 29: It has shocked many residents of Nongstoiñ to learn that the equipment and other necessities have been allocated for the Hospital of Women. Two bodies and two bodies from the Maternity and Child Hospital in Nongstoin have been taken to other districts.
The selection will be through the formation of a Committee to review the eligible applicants.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Sub Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) will meet again on Tuesday to discuss nine issues requested by the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
In this knockout football tournament, the UDP Youth Wings of Sohiong Circle has divided into two categories, one for the 35 years old and the other for the youth. The final of the 35 years and above category was Krang Area against Weilyngkut while the final of the under 35 category included Diengïei Area against Diengïei Area. to the Sohiong Area.
They went into the church and demanded that Hindus should leave the church, as Christmas is only for Christians and not for Hindus.
Until now, we have seen that the MLA Scheme has no rules and the MLA cannot buy shamoit, plastic bags, niut borti, or distribute money directly to those who should receive it. This money is therefore the money of the voters and until now (since the implementation of the MLA Scheme), we have not seen whether this scheme has benefited anyone or helped to win elections. However, it is believed that it is only the money that has been spent by those who are on the side of the MLA who won.
Dunk, who last played against the USA in 2018, returned to the squad after helping Brighton qualify for the first time in the tournament. continent of Europe.
After the death of David Scott in 1831, Lord Robertson took over his post in Assam and decided to end this difficult struggle.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The State Government has ordered UCIL to temporarily withdraw its tender for companies wishing to construct its works in South West Khasi Hills. Interest (EOI).
Let us decide this time so that the Jaitbynriew will be able to do it.
If they are left in Assam, it is as if they are left to die.
Stephenson Mukhim said he is confident of winning the 2023 MLA election from the NPP with the cooperation of RL Tariang, his supporters, the elders and the residents of the constituency. other.
Shillong: The meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today decided to start a new relationship with the new government on the issue of the Meghalaya Urban Development Act. Authority (MUDA) and the relationship with the old government will be terminated.
This year, due to the spread of COVID-19, the Assembly had to be held through tele video conference and the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) in Geneva, Switzerland, has selected MPHRC Chairman Dino DG Dympep is once again invited to take part in this Dorbar with Members of Parliament from all over the world.
It is to be recalled that the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on 8th November 2020, has alleged that there is a serious corruption in the Special Assistant Grant (SAG) in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council. He has already written to the Ministry of Finance demanding that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should investigate.
He said the State has a goal to become an electricity rich State in the next five years.
Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, Superintendent of Police, EJHD, in a statement, said that on 19th July 2023, East Jaintia Police have arrested two drug traffickers. They were identified as Biaklian Guite and Imliakum Longkumer, from BMS Petrol Pump, Nongsning while they were driving a Tata Winger (Regn No.NL-07-T-0815). They seized 2,738 kilograms of heroin.
“How this man used to do one thing, but now he speaks another.
The Home Guard Volunteers for COVID-19 on Saturday decided to immediately close down the office of the Commandant Home Guard Jowai if the government does not pay their salary by 15th November.
Phiba shisha Kurbah – Bronze
“When asked whether their requirement that the government should allocate funds to build new houses if we are relocated is not too strict and excessive, Gurjit said, “If we are relocated from the area, “If we have built our own house, how can we give exactly the land we need to spend money to build a new house?”
RMS: Dilip Dutta, I understand that you are one of those who have given a lot of encouragement to the Bateithymmai.
Before the election in 1981-82, the people of Langpih had returned to their villages but the polling station from Langpih was moved to Langpih. The residents of Mawsikar said that the presence of the polling station in Mawsikar has caused a lot of problems in every election. On the other hand, the residents of the area have demanded from time to time that the government should return the polling station to Langpih.
He said that after the signing of the agreement between the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the KHADC and the state government; The HLC will hold another meeting and submit a report to the State Government on the decision on the Them Metor.
According to the government, the loss during the ILP protest has reached T.31 crore.
Speaking to the media on the issues of the last elections in 2018 and the current elections in 2023, on the party's position on the issue of illegal immigration, Bah Auspicious u He said that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) approved by the Legislative Assembly is a very important issue but it is still under the review of the Government of India for implementation.
Shillong: The Education Cell CEC of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the authorities of schools, colleges and universities in Shillong requesting them to provide land. About 90 percent of the students in the state.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, today issued a directive on the burial of those who have died of covid-1
Regarding the incident, it was reported that the police have not yet found out the reason why the policeman committed suicide.
The union believes that the passage of heavy vehicles on this road has helped a lot and reduced the traffic jam along the road and in Ladrymbai market and the road should be repaired and improved so that heavy vehicles can pass through. The union will also submit a copy of the petition to the EE PWD Roads Khliehriat Division on this issue.
He said the incident occurred due to the speeding of the driver and the investigation is ongoing.
At this meeting, it was decided to issue a public notice, where they can express their views, seek opinions and comments on the State Reservation Policy.
The woman, who posted herself on her Twitter page under the name Mujahi Dah Bint Usama, claimed to be a doctor and treated patients who were fighters of the group. group, which is located in Raqqa, Syria.
Receive praise as a blessing, and do not be proud, for it leads to destruction and shame.
How can I fight anymore? For now, long as long as, 'Happy New Year, Tangba..........!!'
Regarding the DC of Nongpoh's claim that there is no need to obtain NOC from KHADC, Bah PN Syiem said that there is a section of the Act. and Resettlement Act, 2013 can proceed with any projects that are more important for the needs of the people without the need to get NOC and he said that he does not want to say anything on this issue but according to the I understand that while the land is still under the Sixth Schedule, it needs permission from the council.
Teachers in colleges and universities are highly respected and honored with adequate remuneration because they are considered to be the shapers of the future of the humanity of any student.
So when the NPP promises, why refuse? He also said that there is no hope for the NPP or the BJP which has been rejected by the people from time to time.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Secretary of the Agricultural Marketing Board, PG Lynrah, on Tuesday said that the Iaijyrngam Society, which has been appointed to manage the jhur market at Sanmer, has suspended its operation. how to implement the schemes of the Society.
Shillong, Naiwieng : The CMC Laitlum, Mawlai Mawtawar has received a PA System from the MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on 4th November, Shalenstar Mukhim, President of the National League for Democracy (NLD), women and others.
Replying to this, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, said that the government will consider the matter to transfer the officer.
Inspector Basaiawmoit is the first woman from the Civil Defense and Home Guards Department in the state to receive the new Meritorious Service Medal.
Tip the magic sha, shohbieit shohtyndep lut in the color of silver or in silver.
The semifinal will be played on the 19th of November.
On the other hand, the union has warned others not to lead foreigners to work in the area because the paradoh parasnam have many opportunities to work or bill, and the union will continue to follow up. From now on, such incidents will not happen again in the Dong and the area, said Sranly Rongrin.
Rangdajied also played against Ladthadlaboh and Mulait United in Group B, while Shillong Lajong, although unbeaten, did not win all their games. their.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K.Sangma congratulated the leaders of Seiñ Raij Ialong who have worked hard to conduct the Behdeiñkhlam festival and hoped that the Behdeiñkhlam festival would be completed. This feast shall bring prosperity and prosperity in all aspects.
The Post-Matric Scholarships aims to improve the enrollment of SC students in higher education despite coming from disadvantaged backgrounds.
Robinus Syngkon, MLA of the area and BJP candidate, also visited the area to talk to the Assam police.
With the support of the National Health Mission, the Government of Meghalaya has implemented the payment of ASHAs and ASHA Facilitators.
Therefore, the government should think carefully to find out how we can provide education to everyone from the city to the rural areas, without discrimination whether rich or poor.
It is worth mentioning that this tournament has two zones, one in Nongstoiñ which is known as Zone
“To explain to the people and just to hold meetings, we should stand, not at the secretariat, but in our villages; “Stand up and expel all those rich people who come to campaign in the villages, should be elected by the village chief,” said Bah Shullai.
So far, 225 people have been infected in the division and two have recovered and three have died, including a doctor.
The incident happened at 3:13 pm today.
The patient was discharged and follow-up showed no signs of complications.
Meanwhile, Mawlong CC and Friends United (Sohra) lost.
There were seventeen leaders of the Seng Khasi, and as a nation we should never forget them.
After the peace talks, they left for Bangladesh on November 16,
Sagie Lyngdoh, Tredaki Ryngkhlem, Bala Pathaw, Fifi, Rebecca, Banseng Sohiong, Badondor Rympei, Mardon Shadap, Johanan Kharkongor, Hame Malai and Marshal took part in the song. Rympei, Strong Kharsati and DJ Mayan.
The team led by Bah Lekini Suting (Youth Development Coach) has been unbeaten in Group-C and will now face Rangdajied, which is a continuation of the final of the MSL The SLFC won 3-0 in the tie-breaker.
The residents said that the village has been in existence for more than 60 years since its inception in
In Mendipathar, police have seized several items.
Many teachers also obey the government's orders.
Before the opening ceremony, a short prayer was held to bless and encourage the owners to provide adequate service to the visitors in terms of food. especially the blessing of God that has opened the way for them to continue to expand their food security.
He said that they will fall back into poverty and starvation if the ILP is implemented because it is like taking away their food and they don't need the ILP because in their villages. you have forgotten the law of the city.
Musk started the race by tweeting that he wanted to run with Zuckerberg.
Shillong: Police have registered a case against Phoebi Dale Smith Nongrum, 31, of Laitumkhrah Police Station, Shillong, today. from Pohkseh, for driving a vehicle number ML-02-0416 on the night of 25th June
“We will hold a meeting tomorrow Saturday at 11:00 pm to seek the support of our fellow teachers regarding the demands that the Seng has already expressed before the State Government regarding the “The demand to upgrade the deficit to Adhoc schools and to increase the salary to T.18,000 along with a 5 percent salary increase per annum,” he said.
When asked whether he demanded an apology from Patricia, Paul said why Patricia did not appear before the investigation team to explain her findings.
According to him, students who wish to continue their studies at other central government universities or colleges located on the two campuses of NEHU in Shillong and Tura such as the Law College or the Shillong, Jymmang 03 : Although the elections to the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya are still 9 months away, there is still a lot of controversy between the parties in the MDA government. spirit has begun now.
This part of the work is also taking some time.
He said that from the end of the 75th anniversary of independence to the 100th anniversary of independence, these 25 years are for the development of the country in all fields.
Officials of the investigation team in collaboration with police and army conducted raids at several places in Srinagar, Baramulla, Shopian, Kulgam, Anantnag and Budgam districts of Kashmir, as well. in Poonch, Rajouri and Kishtwar districts of Jammu this month alone.
It is difficult to find people who stand for the benefit of others or the benefit of society, but now they want to benefit themselves with scientific tricks, with stupid words to deceive people who are stupid and incompetent. to see far even if they are deceived.
Then my explanation is for both kinds of questioners.
“About seven BJP leaders from the state have already arrived to meet Nalin Kohli at Guwahati Airport on the day he comes to hold the presidential election in the state,” he said. a source close to Rupang.
The fighting began on Sunday, when Israeli troops clashed with Hamas militants, killing seven militants, including a Hamas leader. and one of the captains of the host of Israel was slain.
Shangpliang said that the leaders of these three parties have joined the NPP. They have said that their desire to join the NPP is because they understand this. party and the ruling government has worked hard to develop the area.
In the second leg, Sailung Ialong beat Iawmulong 4-0 goals, Bashanbor Pale scored the only goal in the 13th minute. , 15, 21 and 60+1.
Only 32 teams will be accepted.
LPS, the French Govt.
On the other hand, Fr.Peter Syiemlieh Parish Priest of Nongpoh Parish said that as the faithful of the Catholic Church, we are deeply saddened by this unexpected incident. He also expressed his gratitude to the Fathers and Sisters, Doctors and Nurses of the Civil Hospital, Police of Ri-Bhoi. the leaders of Jirang and Nongpoh who provided the ambulances, Thomas Pulloppillil Bishop of Bongaigaon who sent the sisters and ambulances as soon as they learned about the incident, and also the The residents of Ri-Bhoi District have come to express their condolences at this time of grief.
“The presence of factories can enrich only one or two people or those politicians who want to make money easily,” said Forwardman. Many problems whether in health, pollution of drinking water and these problems will face the people if the government authorities can not stop this plan to set up such factories inside the country. dong to the area.
In Garo Hills, the fire brigade will be from 3 pm to 6 pm and from 12 noon to 3 pm.
Jesus has given us eternal righteousness.
Because of gray teeth you are ashamed to smile in front of your friends and you are trying hard to hide your gray teeth and if you have such a feeling,then you regret non-white teeth your.
You are ready in every way – age, job and you just have to move forward,” encouraged the father.
“We are the political parties that tell the people to elect a government for Meghalaya, for Meghalaya and for Meghalaya and we are not the ones to rule the state, we are here only to “I have worked with the leaders of the state,” he added.
Strengthen the bones-: Eating freshly baked Phan helps to strengthen the bones, according to researchers recently.
In the girls' category, Nativity HS School won against Little Star Higher Secondary School.
I don't serve the people, I don't serve God,” he said.
True worship is based as follows:-(1) Through the Revelation of God:- True worship is not based on the interest in the prophet, or in the singers or musicians.
“When I told my parents about my trip to England, Babuji asked me, “You are still young, but if you get married, you can Amitabh and Jaya said they had to get married the next day because they had to leave for London. , which they had booked tickets in advance to fly.
They alleged that their demand is groundless and at the same time, they do not have enough people to get a separate District Council.
Then those who went back and forth to other places for other work.
Shillong: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday. hat by putting their goods outside the shops, which has disturbed the people especially during the Christmas season. each.
Meghalaya finished the first innings with 504/9, putting the team ahead by 410 runs after Arunachal were beaten by 94 runs on Sunday.
That's the word.
He immediately called Kim Kardarshian, his girlfriend, and said, "We should have this child and that's how North was born. child in my arms" and he said again "I wanted to kill my daughter".
Explaining why there is no need to introduce a Constitutional Amendment Bill, the President of KAS said that to recognize any language, it is necessary to amend the Constitution of India. It has to be included in the Constitution through the Fifth Schedule, as was the case with Manipuri in 1992 and Bodo in
Shillong, Nailur 21: As part of the celebration of the birth anniversary of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, members of BJYM Meghalaya have held a Modi App Campaign meeting. Youth Conference on the 17th of this month at Nongstoin and on the 19th of November 2016 at Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah.
Referring to the Rangbah, Fr.Shylla said, the Rangbah are the Paia, the strong Rishot of the nation and the Church and they have a responsibility to take responsibility and create the means and conditions to improve the situation. East and West Jaintia Hills (East and West Jaintia Hills).
We reflect the image of God by despising the rich and the poor.
He said he was not talking about the high salary, but about the rule of the Assam Autonomous District Council Rules that the CEM should remain in office because the KHADC is different from the state assembly.
There are other dishes, which are made at the price of a lotus flower, which will be held at the BJP office in the evening.
He said that it was until this year especially in the preparation for the MLA elections that changes have started to take place in the party.
In a statement, JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the meeting has agreed that those schools which are far from the place where the questions are asked should send a letter to the Director of MBOSE. next week so that they can go and take all the questions at once.
The voice of Robin, shocked the people in the room, but when they looked closely, they saw that he was still alive and so they immediately took him to hospital.
Is the hostel government or private? Please explain, thank you.
“I hope that I will be able to do better because Mawphlang Constituency still needs to improve in many areas,” said Bah Kennedy. The Congress and this meeting shows that the office bearers still trust the party.
Then I said to myself, “Sir, I am your son and you are his father.
It is for this reason that the poet remembers these beauties and feelings when he was a child in Sohra and when he remembers all these things, he wants and desires that those precious moments will come back once again in his adult life.
Meira Kumar was the first to take over the post.
The reason is that there are many places and villages which have refused to take the right medicines for many reasons whether it is personal reasons, their religion, or their customs. .
On the rumors that the KHADC and GHADC elections could be postponed due to the delay in amending the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, the Prime Minister said, “I have not received any information yet. I have not received any letter and only once the letter has been sent to me and the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs will we be able to say anything on this matter”.
At the same time, this song has not only appeared in India but also in other parts of the world and many film stars and Hollywood singers have been invited to dance this song. you are singing.
H.Victor Lyngdoh.
His responsibility this time as CEM will be very heavy and his path is not covered with bloodshed, but with bloodshed.
Everyone is looking forward and having to obey the rules of the UDP. Once again, it has lost its dignity because the ethnic parties have gone to thank and praise just to be in the government to get a job. neither the flesh of the flesh, nor the flesh of the flesh, is different from them.
“The government has already released more than Rs 6 crore through 6,500 Village Health Councils to strengthen public participation in health in the villages.
illegal activities, smuggling of cattle or goods, kwai, tympew, tyrkhong fish, beer, cigarettes, slasha and others.
Besides, Conrad said the government is looking for ways and means to move forward and not just rely on hydel projects, which are still the only sources of electricity generation in the state. .
Conrad praised the wisdom of the people of Pynursla to send leaders like BB Lyngdoh and Prestone to the Legislative Assembly and said he hopes that in 2018 they will send such people. which can bring about change in the state.
Nongpoh, Lber 25: The District Water and Sanitation Mission, Ri-Bhoi District through the Swachh Bharat Mission (Swachh Bharat Mission) has launched a campaign around the villages of Ri-Bhoi District to preach about the importance of cleanliness. to preach to the border villages and to encourage the people to keep clean not only at home and when it is time to keep clean from home to outside as set by the Swachh Bharat Mission.
This is a place where visitors can walk to the hills, rivers, meadows and streams.
Lambokstarwell Marngar in his speech, urged all the members to have the courage to work for the good of the society and the nation.
“The exercise of the right to vote is the duty of each and every citizen of the country to take responsibility, not to neglect their right to vote once every five years. long is very important.
In the evening, a cultural program was led by Ridu-I Passah.
However, they did not agree because these Karbi rebels who came from outside Block-I under the supervision of the Assam Police warned the Karbi rebels who live within the boundary of these Elaka to block this demand. of the Karbi to live together with the Pnars of Jaintia Hills.
Chhangte is also one of the most outstanding players and has supported the national football team.
Working with the Ministry of Education, District Authorities and the Police Service by July 2022, this dropped to 31%.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that today will also be a day of heavy rain in parts of the state.
In Tripura, 93 cases have been confirmed on Tuesday.
" Lano said first, 'Yes, I'm here.
Speaking to reporters, Donald V Thabah said that it is time for the government to show its power not to count them as the last children but to exclude them.
I don't have your phone number.
New Delhi: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has praised the people of the state for maintaining the lifestyle of living in peace and harmony with the environment. in Part 83 of 'Mann Ki Baat' today.
The PCI also condemned the statements of Ahmed Marwat of the Jundullah wing of the Pakistani Taliban who said that the militant group would continue to persecute Christians unless the United States stopped it. I'm not sure what to do in Pakistan.
Banrilaburom's efforts to make these khiews have helped to fill and comfort her mother to feed her brothers.
The new cases include 3 cases from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 8 cases from Ri Bhoi, 2 cases from East Garo Hills, 1 case from Eastern West Khasi Hills, 2 cases from East Khasi Hills and 3 cases from South West Khasi Hills.
He said that if there is a demand for work in the coming days, there will be a need for adequate space for the employees to stay separately and if the disease increases. rise, so that their coming and going to their homes will put them in great danger.
Regarding the meeting with the group, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, congratulated them for showing their commitment to preserve what has been preserved. buh and u old bajah.
Whether you are weak or weak, hold on to your dignity because strength does not depend on wealth but on courage.
If women get up to 30% seats in Parliament and State Assembly, it will be a pride for Ri Khasi.
When the Minister had a face-to-face meeting with the Sohtrun farmers, he understood the plight of the farmers, as they were able to express many of the problems they have encountered in their lives as farmers, through this On the occasion of his meeting with the Sohtrun farmers, the Minister of State, said that he will help as much as he can, in order to help the farmers and especially the Sohtrun farmers in The Fear.
The DC has promised to take action to remove the coal within a few days and the village officials have also welcomed the promise of the district authorities through the DC. The same area and no signs of being cleaned or cleaned from this area have been seen for many months.
Now the traffic has stopped and the police have not done anything to these people.
Merity Shylla in her speech expressed her special thanks to the FKJGP for donating.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have spoken to the media for the first time after the party agreed with the government to hold peace talks in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
Those who violate this order will be punished according to the Excise Rules & Acts.
The most important thing that can attract the youth who have dropped out of school is that through these schemes the children don't have to pay even 10 tyngka when they come to the training centre. make it as easy as possible for them to choose whatever fields of study or training they are most interested in.
Dr War said that in the tests conducted in Laitumkhrah, Mawpat and Umpling, no cases were found while the tests in Iewduh and Khyndailad are ongoing and the results will be announced. Notify us when the test is completed today.
There are people who have decided to say “It is easier to die in Corona than to be hungry”. and the soul of the spirit was not found.
We will have to start counting how many days we will be able to generate electricity from Umïam, and if it is closed, we will have to stay in darkness for more than 10 hours a day.
The vehicle used by the robbers was new and had no number plate . According to the women , they saw a man wearing a blue shirt standing near their school They also said that the man was inside the vehicle.
“According to the agreement with the government in previous years, the Roko Trust should go to the rural areas in the state to search for people with breast, cervical and oral cancer,” he said. said Mr. Marbaniang.
Besides, Bah Mawrie said that the lack of relationship between the BJP and the people in the constituencies has affected the party.
A post mortem was conducted on Saturday and the bodies were handed over to the relatives.
In the senior category, the Rangbah of Nongbah-Marshilong won 4-3 goals in the tie breaker against the Rangbah of Nongbah-Marshilong Presbyterian Church.
Speaking to reporters on the MP election, Pastor Basaiawmoit said, “The HSPDP will support Pastor Basaiawmoit or nominate its own candidate. He is an independent candidate and we will discuss, the party meeting will be held on the 22nd of this month”.
Because even the drivers are afraid to leave without proper security on both sides of the border.
In the middle of this year, it is expected that such factories and youth centers will be opened in Tura.
On the other hand, he said the Board of Control of Cricket in India (BCCI) has allocated Rs 5.53 crore for the construction of a gymnasium, cricket training at the Polo Ground. .
The sports that Umpling Umjathang SC competed in included byrni, shamoit, 100 meters, men's and women's football and others.
Shortly after, police arrested 11 elders from the village and a woman. The arrested include the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary of Mawkyrsiang. Mawmyrsiang is illegal and the police warn that such superstition which leads to violation of the law, is against the law.
Police said the fire started from a wooden house of Sachin Thapa on the second floor and spread to other nearby houses.
Protesters in parts of Assam have refused to lift their road blockade on the National Highway 306, the main road leading to Mizoram. Mizoram police should be withdrawn from Assam areas.
Police have arrested Alajit Debbarma, 24, from Subalsingh district of West Tripura.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi has resigned from the post of State President of the NPP due to age.
NNSSCC Chief Executive Member, Bah G.Syiemlieh, in a statement, said that the Assam Regiment will bring in new players for the tournament and almost all of them are from the Services team.
It is very important that the impersonators who have spent tens of lakhs of rupees to sit for the examination have been released.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has found that the construction of the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) funded by the World Bank from Mawmaram, Nongthliew, Mawmih Diengiei, Mawlyndep to Umsaw Road has been completed. it is a tortious employment by the company that has taken over the work.
The KSU said it strongly suspects that the conduct of the examination may have led to bias as has happened in the examinations conducted by the government.
In the past, it was not uncommon for people to commit suicide by sdien phasi or by taking an overdose of sleeping pills.
The two ministers said that they will take action on these issues.
However, in response to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has set the age limit of 18-21 years for the police force because it is a job that needs to be strengthened. the physical strength, while other works, has been extended to 32 years.
They have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
In 1952, polio spread, with about 58,000 new cases in the US and about 3,000 deaths.
Taking the lack of women leadership in the House as sad, the East Shillong MLA said, “The number of women MLAs has decreased from what we had in the previous term.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills has condemned the action of the CDPO. The CDPO should be removed from the district within 10 months or else it will hold a protest.
On the other hand, the contract teachers have requested the government to find a way for those who have not passed the MTET examination to support their families.
The Rangbah Shnong of Bakur village has sought the assistance of the BSF. The BSF of Dawki, from 30 Bn, have arrived at the scene with fire extinguisher.
This confusing system was very confusing for the students and which probably also affected in terms of their performance to do well in the examination.
The fighting to capture Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, will begin in June or June this year, a government official said. in the United States.
Santa Mary Shylla, NPP candidate, has filed her nomination papers from Sutnga Saipung.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The CSWO under the leadership of Irene Hujon as President, together with members from various units, strongly condemns Balajied Kyrpang Nongrum who killed his 7 year old sister.
The union said that although the case was won by the rightful owners in the High Court, the police chiefs and the rich traders of the area have a hand in stirring up the case by insulting the small farmers. .
After the government approved to release T.25 lakh from the MLA scheme to all MLAs in the state to assist the people in the fight against COVID-19 to provide food items and other assistance to the people in the constituency during this time Only 2 MLAs from Jaintia Hills have come out to use this opportunity to help the people.
He said there are 1588 vacancies and 54 of them are in the High Way Sub-Division.
He also urged the leaders in the state, “They should throw away the desire for glory because it is the desire for glory that has made our state a state without borders, we don't have another and the law shall not protect the country and the nation.
In West Khasi Hills, 3 cases, Ribhoi 49, West Jaintia Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills 9, West Garo Hills 15, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1, North Garo Hills .
For more information, please contact the WJDSA office bearers.Khliehriat June 7: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Jaintia Zone, in a statement, has expressed its concern over the traffic jam from Shillong, Umiam, Diengpasoh to Mawryngk. This happens from time to time where most of the vehicles stop in the traffic jam, which causes disruption in the traffic, so as a suggestion, the union strongly requests the government to Please consider building a four-lane road through this By Pass.
() His blood and his blood will be the cleansing of our sins The Lord Jesus Himself also foretold about His death and resurrection and associates Himself with Himself. Jonah.
Even the KHADC has strongly opposed this action of the Board which is a threat to the Khasi language.
The incident happened at 3 pm this evening, when the road worker, who was driving, was trying to drive the vehicles, because of the maintenance of the NH-6 While he was looking at the vehicles, the dumper truck, which was driving behind him, hit him and he died on the spot.
About 75 percent of these recruits will have to retire and will be called Agniveers and after four years of service they will receive a pension and health insurance.
They said that if the government cannot meet their needs, it will be of no benefit to the neighboring country and they concluded that it is not only their village that is facing this problem, but many other villages. including Kuliang, Pyrtakuna and Ratacherra.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today wrote on Twitter that he has held a meeting with the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project to improve the traffic. The project is funded by the World Bank.
Chauhan said that 'Mann Ki Baat' has emerged as a force of change to showcase the collective strength of the people of the country.
For more information please call 8974801386, 6009748905,
He urged the President to send an inquiry to the CBI or NIA to punish the robbers.
If we compare urban and rural areas, we can say that urban areas are better than rural areas.
He said that at the sub division level which has 33/11 kv, up to 55 employees are needed to run the work properly, but in the state there are only 30 employees and the employees face difficulties. this reason.
Shillong, March 17 : The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and demanded that he should immediately take action against the illegal employment of foreigners. provide documents such as Labor and Trading Licence.
“Those involved in this case will be punished according to the rules of law, whether it is the factories that dump waste into the river or the smuggling of drugs by the thieves,” said the CP. Gothmare.
We have already sent a proposal to the State Government for the allocation of funds for this purpose,” he added.
In another letter, Tanmay Kumar, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Power, Government of India, wrote to Pravin Bakshi, Secretary, Power Department, Pravin Bakshi, informing that the Government of Meghalaya has received MePDCL has received T.386.86 crore from the REC and PFC under the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan programme. The Secretary of Electricity, including NEEPCO, has been directed to discuss the issue of T.504.41 crore from MePDCL. The REC, PFC, to pay the remaining amount before 15th October 2021, because if they cannot continue to play chess, there will be a problem, in which the funds will be paid. , cannot be terminated.
There were 320 non-regular students and 49.66% passed, 41.94% males and 58.27% females.
It will be an opportunity for the players from the state to play against the biggest clubs in India including Sunil Chhetri's Bengaluru and ISL champions Mumbai City. It will also be an opportunity for the young football players from the state to meet for the first time from various clubs especially the players of Lajong who will play against North East United FC. There are now Redeem Tlang, FC Goa with Aiban Dohling and foreign stars.
For these games, he has already received a scheme for the construction of an indoor stadium at Mawthengkut and once completed, it will be of great benefit to the talented youth. sports so that they can practice and train in the sports they have talented.
Speaking to the party workers at the Convention Center in Shillong, Shah said the BJP workers should work hard and not be afraid to expose the corruption of the Congress in the state. .
Builderstone Warkhyllew (36), Bankitlang Mylliemngap (40,74) and Wanhiambok Mawthoh (51) scored for Nongkrem while Blashan Nongkynrih (7), Ronaldo Iawbor (29) and Bantip Marwein scored for Lawsohtun. (30).
In this match, Shillong Lajong, which is a prominent team with many talented players, played in a very beautiful manner and without any doubt compared to the team. Boys Sport Lajong team has scored many goals according to the number of goals scored.
“With my presence with the NPP, we will ensure that the NPP flag will be flown throughout the state,” he added.
These are in prose and in poetry it has its own style of writing and phrasing according to the writing of poets.
That is why as believers we need to be careful and not just bury our conscience for temporary gain.
Before the end of the first half, Raikutshisha Buam had a good chance for the first half.
Expressing his confidence in the talents of the youth of the State, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “It is a pleasure to collaborate with 1M1B in setting up a Green Skill Academy here in Meghalaya. promote knowledge on green skills among college students in the State”.
Coming here, I have had the opportunity to use my talent,” said Banteilang.
These three persons were rescued by the fishermen.
This special day against child labor is celebrated on the 12th July every year.
The Health and Family Welfare Department of Nagaland has launched a vehicle-based implementation of Modified Food Safety on Wheels (MFSWs) for the purpose of checking the quality of food.
Although in his resignation letter, Bah Gilbert Nongrum, said that his resignation was only for personal reasons, but speaking to the media, Bah Gilbert Nongrum, said that for all the reasons. It will be held on the 21st of this month at Umsaitsning.
We have been given some targets and these should be achieved by 2026 and by the end of 2026, the SSA in the State will be reviewed by the Government of India,” he said.
When Bah Amazing arrived at Bijou Cinema, Moi, who had been waiting all day, as soon as Bah Amazing arrived, she started dancing.
There is no compassion anymore. 4) The concealment of sins:- The religious leaders now do only corruption.
After four years of banning, Marvel's films have been released again this year and the company's first film to be released in theaters is 'Black Panther: Wakanda Forever'
The Ambassador of India to Thailand, Anil Wardhwa was the chief guest.
(I don't know what to do).
In Assam, the BJP won in Diphu, Dibrugarh, Guwahati, Jorhat, Karimganj, Lakhimpur, Mangaldai, Tezpur and Silchar.
Government authorities have not yet confirmed whether the deceased were infected with the virus, but have handed over to the doctors to find out the facts.
“The FKJGP urges all political parties in Meghalaya not to look back on the past 50 years but to reshape the next 50 years if they there really is accountability and vision.
A case has been registered at Nongpoh Police station and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in this illegal act.
When asked why he joined the NPP and not the UDP, he said, “The NPP is the strongest party in the state and the UDP in the 2018 MLA elections has done I don't know anymore after I lost the elections.
In politics there should be mutual gratitude, I thank Bah Pynshngaiñ for giving me the post of Dy.CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ should also thank me for giving him the post of CEM, “I was given the post of CEM but I didn't agree so I handed it over to Bah Pynshngaiñ who is the Congress leader in KHADC,” said Bah PT Sawkmie. sun.
In Kenmynsaw, a household has been hit by an earthquake and in this incident, Drit Byrsaw, has died while her husband, Bah Robino Kynter, has not been found and the search for him is still ongoing. go forward until the children are saved.
Brinald Khyriem scored the winning goal for Ratacherra Lumtrom in the 41st minute to win the title and secure a place in the semifinals of the tournament.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District has directed all Fair Price Shop Dealers or ration shops in the District to inform the office of the Deputy Commissioner if there are any ration consumers in their Centres or Villages. of those who have not received the ration for more than 3 (three) months.
Even after two months that the teachers under the banner of JACATAM have announced to leave school, the state government has not responded or called for any talks to resolve the issue.
East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of cases with 50%.
The Central YMA has provided air tickets to Nehtinsat Haokip and Kni Nehlen Haokip to come to Shillong along with a donation of T.30,0
Before opening the Civil Sub Division, the Demanding Committee members congratulated the MDA Government, the Prime Minister and the MLA of Jirang and all those involved in this work. They also expressed their gratitude to the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi for the fulfillment of their dreams for many decades.
I will also keep thinking for those things.
The Court also ordered that the road should not be marbled until the construction is completed.
Biolinda, who is from Kynshi village, which is also the village of the incumbent MLA Bah H Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP, said that the government has implemented many development schemes but these schemes have not worked at all. This has stirred up her spirit to enter this political arena so that she can share the responsibility of the people if she wins as a leader.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 24: As part of the awareness campaign on the rights of children under 18 years of age and also to provide training for the The Labor Department, Mawkyrwat has organized an awareness program on the 22nd of July, 2023 at Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Hall. Secondary School, Jakrem.
After a while Panah decided to take advantage of what he had planned.
In all these areas, wise and intelligent leaders are needed to run the work smoothly.
My house is the constitution,” said Joshua.
He said that not all the HNLC members will return home, but only the leaders who will take part in the peace talks will come first.
How many times I have explained here or there, it doesn't even come to mind.
Two days after the arrest of those involved in the crimes, Bah Shanbor Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong have called the Dorbar to discuss the peace and order of the village.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the husband of Kong Dwisphida is under suspicion of being involved in the robbery and is now on the run.
Some have also learned to use new methods too.
The Hindu festival, known as Govardhan Puja or 'Annaku', is held on the 8th of November, which is celebrated on the fourth day of Diwali. They pray especially to the god Krishna, who defeated the god India, who brought only rain and destroyed the rice fields.
Bremley said that he had tested the radio active levels in the area and had also visited a well in Ranikor, where he found that the intensity of the radiation was at 360 counts per minute.
The 15th of November 2002 is the 50th anniversary of the death of Babu Soso Tham.
Shillong: Meghalaya failed to win the Women's Senior One Day Trophy in the final match of the Women's Senior One Day Trophy against Himachal Pradesh. Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first but couldn't reach the target by 10 wickets. Himachal Pradesh were bowled out for 28 runs in four overs.
These show that we are ready and it will also destroy the government.
They used to receive a special allowance of 25% of their basic pay scale and there were other benefits that they used to receive but now they have been abolished.
The speakers stressed that the correctness and consistent use of words is essential for the daily media to educate the public.
He said it is an insult to the people that the MLAs of Nongkrem and Mawkynrew have treated the MDCs, instead of giving way to others, they have deprived the people of getting two leaders.
According to police sources, all the arrested are from Bakhrupara village except Salam, a BJP leader from Remawand village in Narayanpur district.
The Second Prize (Gold 3 Tola) was won by Dapmaya Shadap of Ladthadlaboh, Jowai (Ticket No: 08085) and the Third Prize (Scooty Yamaha) was won by Leonardo Laloo of Loomkyrwiang, Jowai. 10 Consolation Prizes were awarded to 6 winners including Consolation No.2 (16111) by Thnarki Laloo, No.4 (05455) by Shibu Shill and No.5 (07007) by Wyrta. -i-bha Challam, No.6 (04137), Hawasakiru Paswet, No.9 (01931) and No.10 (17624) by Samdaki Yoo Shullai.
He also demanded that the state government should take strong action to evict these workers from the area and they should also obey the orders of the government.
“Lakadong shynrai is a very popular commodity around the country and it is necessary to promote the cultivation of shynrai lakadong to increase the income and livelihood opportunities of the farmers,” said Bah Banteidor.
Kong Khonglah was responding to the Minister's threat to arrest the smugglers of coal.
Earlier, Pastor NS Phawa, said that the Western Synod 2015, will be held from 5th to 8th October at the Rangthong Church near Mawkyrwat.
On the other hand, Lotha said that the statement of Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh that the BJP will lose its share if it comes to power, is just a lie. The BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has taken great steps to promote the Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes and will never lose their employment.
The meeting was attended by BM Lanong, Working President of the party, Kyrmen Shylla and Metbah Lyngdoh, Ministers of the State Government. Samuel Sangma, who is one of the newest members of the party.
Today, the rainfall in Shillong from 8.30 am to 4.30 pm was 31.3mm, while in Sohra it was 42.1mm and in Umiam it was 16.8mm.
This is the goal of the state government to relocate the old Shillong city, where it will also move the government offices to the new city, and this work is progressing steadily.
He urged the state government to immediately repair the Jowai By Pass and Shillong By Pass roads and to take action against the contractor who has agreed to repair the road. At the same time, he said that the government will not spend too much if the roads are properly maintained.
“We have to give good support to MeECL and for that reason we can continue like this but these problems within MeECL have become too serious and there is an attempt to bring about change in MeECL. and hopefully within this year we will see many changes,” said Conrad.
The meeting was attended by a large number of people from all over the villages of Mawryngkneng Constituency in the presence of the President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF), Bah Aiban-lumlang Marbaniang. Auspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary, HS Shylla, MDC Nongkrem Constituency who recently joined the PDF, 11 MDCs, Esron Marwein, Kynsai Dkhar, parents and others. There are also many young men and women who have decided to support Bah Highlander Kharmalki in this election.
Ltd and the check was handed over to the relatives yesterday.
When asked, Rakkam said the CBSE and ICSE have implemented a grading and marking system in the examinations.
Regarding the road constructed by Dhar Company from Lailad to Nongjri, the company has only cleaned the Mawsling but has not yet started cleaning the road. The Dhar Company has not yet completed this road.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Sutnga Saipung, Santa Marry Shylla on Tuesday held an emergency meeting to elect new leaders to lead the party in the district.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 8: The Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) West Khasi Hills under the leadership of Kong LWarjri, Senior Scientist and Head, in collaboration with the ICAR office, Karnal, Haryana under the leadership of Dr Satyavir Singh, Principal Scientist & Head, Social Science, has held an awareness camp from the 3rd to the 7th of this month at Mawshynrut.
The Dorbar Shnong awarded these children with certificates and cash prizes. Dimarkithmu received T.10,000 and Deiwamang Khonglah and Saia Lamin received T.3,000 each.
After this, these unpacked dairies were taken to the warehouses in the States and then delivered back to the ration shops.
The NESFAS team has directed that all returnees should quarantine themselves in prepared places until the end of the deadline.
Therefore, politics is the Government (to govern) or to rule.
Our mission is “One Earth, One Health" which aims for good health for all – for people, animals, plants and the environment.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Bah Bajop Pyngrope MDC of the NPP from Rambrai said that in fact he wants to see that the planting of trees should not be done only once in 365 days but while there is still time, it should be done regularly. .
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong Bah HB Wahlang, members of the Dorbar Shnong and the residents.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities (UVH) has set up a Core Committee to discuss the roster system with the government.
As an encouragement, cash prizes were also awarded to the winner and runner-up teams of the tournament.
Police from Khliehriat, Lumshnong together with BSF troops stationed in Khliehriat rushed to the scene to rescue the injured and recover the bodies of the victims.
She began to close her eyes because the light was gone.
There are also places in Tura and under the jurisdiction of the district authorities, which have faced difficulties in getting information about the problems of the employees, assistants. .
Lumpariat and Chutwakhu have won the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia Hills District (WJDSA).
He is also the Working President of the UDP. The Forum was pleased to elect him as he is qualified to lead for the community. He said that he will represent the state in the Rajya Sabha because he is an intelligent leader, especially at a time when the state is facing many issues that have to be explained to the Central Government on the CAA. ILP, NRC and others.
“As a party, we want the Government of India to consider all the measures in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution. The country because at the end of the day, as a political party we want peace and stability.
According to a video posted on social media, the NPP supporters are still clapping their hands after Bahi said whether they are in government or business don't be afraid like us. We are in the government don't be discouraged, they can't transfer without getting permission from us and how many have been released I will see how much they can work and I will struggle with my hands and feet to close through the Government should not give anything to the Sohiong Constituency.
“Nine women's hostels have been constructed by the RMSA including in the most backward areas including Betasing, Dadengiri, Dalu, Selsella, Tikrikilla, Zikzag, Songsak, Samanda and Baghmara and these are currently underway,” he said. said the minister.
“It cannot be said that the organization has been involved in helping our Children Home and has said that it will continue to help in the cleaning and other needs, but we don't agree with this. “We have collected money from the Children Home without our permission or knowledge,” said a statement from the Sein Raij Tuber, Women Wing.
Chiarmon Dkhar, Chairman, Heplis Ryngkhem, Secretary, Sunshine Dkhar and other leaders of the Snahleiñ Village, said this.
He said that if the Governor does not give his approval within the stipulated time, the Rangbah Shnongs under the banner of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) will meet again to take another course of action.
In a statement sent by MSSASA Mairang Block Unit, MSSASA Mairang Block Unit Secretary BS Ryntathiang requested all SSA teachers of Mairang Block to attend the meeting at the appropriate time. C.Rymbai President MSSASA Sengkmie will come to explain on many issues related to SSA teachers especially in relation to salary and arrears.
“The election process will be defeated if the people do not believe in the election process.
She said that the CISF will also check the vehicles carrying illegal goods and that the vehicles will follow the rules not to overload on the roads.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today announced that it will provide scholarships to some Khasi students to train at coaching centers in Delhi. The candidates for the UPSC and CSE examinations and the students who will receive this support from the KSU will be selected by competing in the examination among themselves.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Umkon-Sohtad-Catholic Church, Ri-Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Minister of PWD, MM Dango to provide ring roads in the village roads of the village. Umkon and Sohtad which is about 1.5 km away for the 75th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in June
years ago I went to Manipur for a Baptist Convention at Thawai (U Khrul).
On the other hand, Prestone said that people can slaughter pigs only in their own district and the ban on importing pigs from abroad and outside districts will continue.
According to the history, Thomas Jones introduced the English Alphabet without removing the characters that were not needed in the Sohra language at that time.
There is a gate set up by a rich man to collect taxes from the farmers who come to sell them in the markets of Ri Khasi.
Mawkyrwat, November 21: The Hynniewtrep National Youth's Front (HNYF) has convened all the units and circles from different parts of the district to hold a special meeting to strengthen the the work of the organization.
Rahul Gandhi said the Narendra Modi government has looted money from the people to feed some of its friends without any hard work.
These Rules of Governance of these two Sirdarships open the door for other Himas, Raids, Ilaka/Sirdarships, Lyngdohships and Wahadadarships to have the power to create their own. and the Executive Committee of KHADC, after receiving those Rules, shall give its approval if it finds them appropriate.
The pyrton is found throughout India.
When asked where they live, Witting said they live in the homes of their relatives.
But the children of Israel did not accept this and that attempt failed.
In the first innings, EGH lost two wickets in the first innings but runs from Lensbirth N Marak (25 not out) and Aristo (12 not out) helped EGH to win by five runs. wicket.
He said that the union has demanded that the Government should pass a law from 2018 to protect the farmers and is confident that this law will be implemented.
“First of all, this resort or farm house has been running since 2019 and until now there has never been anything, but why now and this is the question,” he said.
The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, in a statement to the media, said that this has been seen from the results of the recruitment of police officers in the Meghalaya Police which has confirmed that the new OM of 14th July, 2023, is the same as the old OM.
He said that those shops which used to open in the evening, there is no closure, but now after the incident, they have been given a time to open and they have agreed to respect the dorbar shnong.
Once he thought he was wise enough to walk there, but there was no other way.
From the voice of these people, they urged other villages in the area and especially those on the border to be vigilant and protect against the the entry and exit of non-local people.
Police, who have conducted a thorough investigation, have launched a thorough search operation to arrest the father.
Therefore, u Damewanhi Rymbai has done what the government should have done in the past to order the owners of the coal mines to close the crematorium after they have extracted all the coal from the ground.
Speaking to reporters, he said he will talk to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to talk to the Northeast Frontier Railway to put up vacancy advertisements at Mendipathar Railway Station.
Shillong, June 6: U MLA of the 19th Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also the President of the NCP in the state, on Tuesday said that many MLAs and MDCs have come to meet him. “There are some MLAs and MDCs who have asked me to hide their names who have come to apply for tickets for 2018 whom you will never think of. “It's a surprise that most of the candidates are those who won the last elections (2013/2014),” said Sanbor Shullai. and in Lum Garo.
He was involved in the recent robbery at Charbatapara village on June 7,
Cut Motion – The Power of Proposal is the power given to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to propose any motion to pass a law in the State in case of emergency in the society.
In 2012, MB Road had received Rs.12.00 crore from the NLCPR and recently last year it has received Rs.15.00 crore through the SPA Scheme. Klur for the maintenance and improvement of this road and therefore the remaining amount that has not been implemented is T.29,884.00 Klur.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills said that he received a tip that there was an accident in the area of ​​3 kilo at 3:48 PM. The OC of Khliehriat PS said that a police team has rushed to the scene.
According to the research, the price of cement Amrit company is 380-390 per barrel.
The group went to meet Prestone Tynsong at Sohpian and before he arrived they stood in a line along the road, with flags, banners and placards with the demands and slogans. he is the Prime Minister's Secretary.
North Tura MLA Thomas A Sangma was the chief guest and Bernard N Marak, Tura MDC was the symbud chief guest.
Thousands of people attended the meeting to listen to the explanations at the ground floor of Bah Carness Shohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency and candidate for the MLA election this year. Mawkyrwat Constituency South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that the BJP speaks against corruption and accuses others like the NCP in Maharashtra of corruption but they just join hands to form a government and those who are accused are clean because the BJP has a washing machine. As soon as the BJP accepts them, they are cleansed of corruption.
In the women's category, Umthli HSS vs Iewrynghep HSS at 9.15 am, OM Roy HSS vs District War Sepngi SS at 10.30 am and H Elias HSS vs Shillong College. HSS at 12.00 noon.
The HNYF leader from Jirang also alleged that such illegal logging factories are run by non-residents, but in the activities related to these logging factories, dieng, used to come to lead the Khasi and those who lived in the villages in the area.
(Revelation 21:1-4) This is the new world that is yet to come; which John saw, he saw, and he desired to fulfill.
However, its meetings were large and it started the People's Assembly in the country.
After completing his studies, Swell returned to Shillong and married Lajopthiaw Lyngdoh, who lives in Shillong.
I see that there are 7 amendments in this new O.M.
Shillong: The readers of Rupang.com, have won this election and that is that their desire, to test the public, for the presence of corona virus, has worked, because the state government. , has decided to begin mass testing.
He said that the tourism industry in the state has been affected, the tourist accommodation has become empty and the situation has affected the livelihood of the people.
•I pay taxes to the Government and to those who earn illegally.
The shopkeepers have lodged a complaint at Khanapara police station and police have launched an investigation to arrest the suspect.
Everyone is invited to visit these singers.
The second semi final will be played on the 24th of November at 2 pm between Mynthong and Nangbah Mulang.
In a news release Friday, police did not immediately release the name of the suspect.
“At this meeting, we have already urged the police department to immediately prepare their investigation against this man who took the lives of the young children of he".
On this day, there was also a dance and a song by the Hindu faithful.
By the end of the first half, Kharumnuid FC had taken a 3-0 lead.
The village leaders said that all this has happened due to the stingy behavior of the Hima Sohra and KHADC who have not taken action to fix and approve the boundaries of the Umblai villages. Mawphu and Laitlyndop have already sent the documents to these authorities which they have demanded from time to time but the work has been pending for more than 40 years.
The two re-elected MLAs are Mayralborn Syiem from Nongpoh constituency who joined the UDP from the Congress and Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar from Mawkyrwat constituency who joined the UDP from the HSPDP. The three former MLAs who failed to win are Bah Lambor Malngiang from Nongkrem constituency who left as an independent MLA and joined the UDP, Bah PT Sawkmie from Mawlai constituency who left the Congress and joined the UDP. Shitlang Pale from Sutnga-Saipung constituency who left the TMC and joined the UDP. Among these three candidates, Bah PT Sawkmie won twice. UDP candidate from Mawlai constituency.
The Government's money will not be spent.
Because of this, many young applicants for various jobs are left in the dark because they don't know exactly what the future holds,” said Bah Paul.
Gigur also said that the road from Riangdo to Hahim and from Nongstoin to Maweit is not easy to achieve without the cooperation of the Prime Minister, the Principal Secretary and the MLA. of Nongstoin who have been monitoring but it is through the cooperation that this project can be achieved.
He said that in fact the purpose of the meeting was to invite the sordars and landowners from Nongjri Elaka to Raid Mukertila but those who attended the meeting were only from Raid Mawshun to Raid Mukertila.
In addition, it is also prohibited to transport pigs from the Surveillance Zone to the Disease-Free Zone. alone, that revelation.
The houses were plundered, the trees were destroyed (Giri:57).
The writings are not written but are true.
The houses of the gods who have no colour, These are the witnesses of our ïuspong.
After scoring, the players of both the teams, Mawhiang A and Mawhiang B, started to have a stronger spirit of fighting and to score more goals to reach the goal. The teams reached the goal of victory but in the middle of the second half the match ended with both teams scoring 1 goal.
Shillong, November 23 : Meghalaya beat Hyderabad by 56 runs by an inning in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy. in the match on Thursday at Vadodara.
It is learned that the lack of improvement in the working methods of Dr. Mukul Sangma is due to the interference of almost all government departments even though there are Ministers.
When the women were sad and doubted that the body of Jesus was no longer in the tomb, they thought that someone had stolen it.
The MCYC Umling also entertained the audience with songs, dances and a costume show.
It was decided to force the Government to implement the NH-44 Road by imposing a 72 hour curfew from 04th July 2014 at 5.00 pm to 07th July at 5am in the morning.
On this occasion, Bah Khongthaw, who was the chief guest, said that the presence of this shop or showroom in this village will bring benefits to the people of this village.
The Sessions Court of Mehsana district in Gujarat on Tuesday set aside the order of the lower court regarding the conviction of Congress MLA Jignesh Mevani and nine others. They were sentenced to three months in jail in connection with an incident in 2017 for holding a public meeting without permission from the police.
The Council has revoked the power of the Council to issue Labor License here, because according to the articles of the Constitution of India, Labor is a States Subject.
Besides other prizes, the winners will receive a cash prize of T.2.80 lakh.
Meghalaya will have to play hard to take down the remaining wickets of Bihar the next day.
There will also be 106 examination centers prepared for the HSSLC including 66 in Shillong Region and 40 in Tura Region.
You think Niakha will be happy in her soul... I believe your Father will be very sad when you are like this.
Other political parties like UDP, BJP, NPP and KHNAM did not attend the meeting.
After many meetings, both the States agreed to negotiate seven out of the 12 disputed areas namely Tarabari, Gizang, Hahim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillangkata and Ratacherra.
“Another demand is that if the government dissolves the company, all the employees should not lose their jobs but the government should take them away,” he said.
When asked whether the State Government also implements the same in relation to cleanliness, the CEM said that the State Government mostly implements it through the Municipal Board like in Shillong, in places like Jail Raod, European Ward, Khyndai. Lad and some places that are connected to the municipal only for sanitation.
If these illegal activities are fully supported by the MDA government, the danger is that we may lose our identity in a short period of time and we will be run by the mafia, people related to politicians. and also to the officials who worshiped them.
The meeting was held to discuss the recent decision of the Supreme Court regarding the coal mining case in Meghalaya. According to a statement, HNLOCTPA Secretary Apsharailang Syiem said that the meeting will be attended by Hon'ble Prime Minister and Hon'ble Symbud Myntri Rangbah, other MLAs and Riew Rangbah of the Dong area will also be present.
The union has suggested to the District Council through the state government to elect or re-appoint the Dalloi of Labang-Nongphyllut Elaka which has disappeared in the past years and now many of these villages are under the Block. 1.
Shillong: The graduation ceremony for the 96th batch of computer training and the 36th batch of language training was held at Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Center today, 14th November in Shillong.
The construction of the Legislative Assembly started on July 15, 2019 after the award of the contract to a company from the Uttar Pradesh government called Rajkiya Nirman NigamLtd.
Even the small farmers have been severely affected by the power outage of MePDCL. However, even after the flooding of the dams of the hydro projects, MePDCL continues to implement the load shedding which long between 2 hours to 4 hours a day in most places especially rural areas.
Shillong: MeECL employees on Tuesday called off all the strikes they had announced in the past few days, after the Chief Managing Director of MeECL, Arun Kumar Khembhavi, call on the leaders of the workers to speak on their demands.
Send your condolences to his family".
I didn't go to school and didn't study well in St. Peters because I had a strong hope that I would get to study in Polytechnic Shillong. I feel like I'm going to back down because I'm too hopeless and I don't think that education is right for me.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM), Meghalaya, has said that it is only in Meghalaya, where no special place has been given to prostitutes.
The JMB said it has not received any complaints regarding the inability to collect garbage according to the scheduled dates and times from October 17,
There is NO VEHICLE ZONE in Aitnar Area.
The festival is sponsored by the Indian Council for Cultural Research (ICCR) under the leadership of Regional Director Manish Singh.
Iran is one of those Arab States or Arab Countries in the Middle East, and many of these Arab States are strongly opposed to Iran because of its uniqueness and its power in all aspects.
Wherever we are, we must proclaim the message that this genocide of about 7,000 infants and children and the displacement of 1.7 million residents of Gaza must end immediately.
They also urged the Hima that if it tries to create traffic jams, this is also part of the efforts to prevent thieves from taking advantage.
“The report that needs to be submitted to the government is on the 30th of this month and on the Jaintia side we have selected the sites at Ratachera. The Regional Committee of Assam will send its report to the Chief Minister of Assam and after that the two Chief Ministers will discuss. sit down to discuss this issue,” he said.
Two Khasi actresses, Sherilin Khongwar and Wanri Pyngrope and Kiki Garod, entered the Bijou Cinema.
The deceased was admitted to the Civil Hospital in Ampati at 5.30 pm on 10th March 2020 and was diagnosed with COVID-1
The PHE has supplied water to thousands of people in Shillong from the Mawphlang Dam which supplies water to Shillong but the neighboring villages are suffering from water shortages.
He said that if the people want the Prime Minister to be from Ri-lum Khasi Jaintia, let them vote for one party in the area.
“All these five persons are breadwinners,” he said.
The team, which has won the title for five times, will face Manipur in the semi final.
Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHDAC) Madonbai Rymbai has announced his full support to the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) candidate Andrew Shullai from Jowai Constituency.
Shillong: The Special POCSO Court today issued orders to punish a former policeman Nurul Islam who raped two brothers in South West Garo Hills. year 2013.
The loss of citizenship in Assam means that those whose names are not included in the NRC will lose all the rights of Assam such as voting, government schemes and so on.
He denied the allegation that the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh is just standing for the Congress party just to win votes.
The program was organized in collaboration with Yess Meghalaya under the leadership of Rangbahmi Kynjin, Chairman of KKC Jowai.
“If we look at the Office Memoranda and Orders issued in the past, there is no real change in this job and study allowance, therefore it is reasonable to demand a new change,” he said. he said.
The union said this while criticizing the delay in the construction of the road from Laitlyngkot to Dawki which has caused increasing inconvenience to the people who walk and stand on the road due to its deterioration.
Police are investigating Ricky to find out the truth and whether anyone else is involved in the incident.
Instead of providing electricity to the streets, the NPP leaders have been able to light up many of their own houses.
They help with sleep and mental relaxation, as well as with daytime alertness.
At 1 pm, two judges of the Delhi High Court took an urgent hearing and ordered the police to release the injured immediately. summary sha Hospital.
The Pastor said that through the brave spirit of Kiang Nangbah our country has gained independence from the hands of the French.
At the end of the 14th Independence Day Cup 2022, SK Living Football Club, Mawlasnai, has won the title. They beat Ri Bhoi United Football Club 1-0
Shillong, Jymmang 9 : U MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency who is also the Minister of Agriculture and Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh today launched another Ambulance in the constituency at a meeting held at Mawlat. to provide services for the 9 villages under the Raid Mawlat.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA congratulated the VO for starting to move forward and trying to build its office with siej, so that they can get a place to carry out their work. Their jobs, especially as VOs, have the goal of supporting women to stand on their own feet.
Due to the increasing use of smartphones and the adoption of digital healthcare solutions, flexible solutions are filling gaps in healthcare access for people in various situations.
They were taken to Guwahati for further investigation.
On the BJP's decision to withdraw from JHADC and GHADC, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that this is the decision of the MDCs of JHADC and GHADC. Regarding the appointment of the Minister, he said that the UDP is one of the parties with the largest number of MLAs in the government. The MDA has not yet commented on this issue.
The dress code has become increasingly popular these days and the following of the rules has become very popular, especially in the Western countries.
The venue is located at the High Wind Lakeside Hotel, Thadlaskein and will be open 24 hours a day until further notice.
How can this be because even Phase-3 cannot be completed and how can we expect Phase-4,” said Dr Jemino.
The two motorcycles include a Pulsar and a Discover which were parked next to each other in the same ground floor.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the Deputy Commissioners including Ri-Bhoi, East Khasi Hills, West and East Jaintia Hills have been directed to set up a committee to run the works smoothly. loud.
According to her, this is the household business of the party, the MLAs and the government and there is nothing else to complain about because it has been arranged.
Speaking at a meeting to seek the support of the people at Mowkaiaw Market, Bah Sanbor said that during the MLA elections last year, the party had promised to lift the ban on coal mining within six months, but they did not come to power because Only two Pnars from Shillong South and Alexander Hek Laloo from Pynthorumkhrah won the election.
In fact, instead of taking the loan, the government should have improved these two machines and the proceeds should have paid the electricity bill to these companies belonging to the central government.
Jowai: The operation of local taxis in Jowai will continue to be suspended on Monday and members and leaders of WJHTODA will come to Shillong to take part in the rally.
Hopeful Bamon, MLA of the constituency, Hoping Stone Bareh MDC, Hoping Stone Bareh MDC, 12 Daloi were also present at the meeting. Rgh, former MLA Shitlang Pale, Acting Doloi of Jowai District and other Rangbah from various departments of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij.
The Chairman concluded by speaking on the occasion of the public meeting, as it is the right of every citizen to live in a democratic country with freedom according to the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution of the country. India (Indian Constitution) and if someone tries to use politics, it means that they have tried to enslave their own country and the nation as a whole by fighting against various laws and regulations that serve all. of social life.
We see development works only in the city.
He congratulated and blessed the family with a healthy body.
“It is just a corruption of the Prime Minister because he has received the votes in the Cabinet and he has taken advantage of this roster system to take advantage of the election,” he added.
“I have seen Bah Vincent Pala in Parliament and I have seen how he fights for the security of Meghalaya and every time there has been an attack on Christians in the past years in the rule of the Narendra Modi government.
When the people fell into the hands of the brokers, they lost their money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Today is the last day for the candidates who wish to contest the mid-term elections to file their nomination papers. out of 16 candidates in three constituencies and the verification of the documents of all the candidates has been completed today and after the verification no candidate will be rejected and all they cannot contest this election.
However, these projects have stalled due to strong opposition from many groups including civil society.
The Paiem concluded by praying and praying for the Raid Nongblai with the blessing that the Lord will remove all the problems.
Many of the poets associate the living creatures of nature such as birds, animals, mountains, rivers, plants, lizards, and human life.
Jowai, Nailar 31: A Khasi Pnar family in Cachar Hills, Assam has lost two lives and it is estimated that two more members of the family have also died. They are still missing today even though the incident happened last night.
Gogoi said the violence between Assam and Mizoram and between Assam and Meghalaya has caused unrest among the people.
In Umroi constituency, George B. Lyngdoh, candidate of the TMC, received 12,311 votes while Damanbait Lamare, candidate of the NPP, received 13,9
Miss Rufina Nongrum, Sd.
For this reason, they are suffering because the markets in Karbi Anglong Assam do not buy these products.
It is to be recalled that on 9th June 2019, three contractors drowned in a 54 feet pond, while they were building it.
It is to be recalled that this tournament was held as part of the fundraising campaign for the Secondary School in Pdengshakap.
That kind of kilan meat.
The budget session of the council has been postponed to 26th October after the central and state governments announced a lockdown to combat the spread of COVID-1 country.
James Ban Basaiawmoit said that the CEM election was conducted in violation of Rules
Referring to the independent candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Dr. Don said that Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit is old and has more than 70 years of age. The experience of a pastor should not exceed five years and the age of the pastor is no longer suitable for waiting until he is fully experienced.
Ukrainian troops claim to have killed 40,000 Russian troops since the start of the war on June 24, 2022, more than Moscow has claimed. to 498 people.
Thus God gave the Israelites the Ten Commandments – Thou shalt have no other gods before me, Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, neither shalt thou take the name of thy God in vain, Keep the sabbath day, to Honor thy father and thy mother, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife" Deuteronomy 5:6-2
He said the NPP has tolerated these allegations of the BJP in Meghalaya especially from Bernard only because it has close ties with the BJP leaders in Delhi.
You also need to cut down on caffeine.
Krai or 'shrïanna' as it is known in India, has many health benefits.
Because their aim is to gradually strengthen their plot to destroy the independence of India in believing in any religion or independent government without discrimination.
The CoT has said that many of those who violate the rules are illiterate and do not know about these new prices.
Chapter 5.2 – the Lamin and Nongrum families.
He told the civil society organizations that tomorrow he and Himanta Biswa Sarma and his ministers will meet Union Home Minister Amit Shah to discuss the incident at Mukroh.
This is according to the Survey of India.
The team will be led by Ram Kumar as Head Coach, Asad Ullah Khan as Coach, Ralin Joseph De Souza as Head of Delegation, Ranjan Sharma as Physiotherapist and Donal Steven Wahlang as Team Manager.
Chhunga, Thuampui and it was from this place that they arrested the suspect.
The branches of Israel went out and came into the land of Israel to fulfill the word of God, until today they have returned to Israel in their own branches.
However, this income is not enough to feed the animals in the park.
He said that Mawlai needs many roads and now as an MDC he has decided to implement only those which are most urgently needed, not to disturb anyone.
They also discussed the need for a Railway Sports Concession Counter in Shillong to make it easier for the players of sports associations to get concessions. get.
He said that the world has moved forward, the world is the age of electronic devices, mobile phones, computers and without literacy, numeracy and the ability to speak the language of others, otherwise humanity will and all these things can be done only by education and higher education.
“The demand for ILP has been pending for a long time.
The KHADC authorities also met with the KAAC leaders and discussed how to bring peace on the border.
The preparations of the political parties for the elections have been underway.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that there are about 200 students from Meghalaya studying in Manipur, mostly in Imphal.
Argentina won the World Cup in Qatar after beating France on penalties.
The VC allegedly told the Naga students that the relatives would have to see for themselves and that the student would know for himself.
In the second leg, Mookaswan Dongwah beat FAM 1-0
The meeting was conducted by Rtn.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri said that the government has decided to promote sports in the state.
Stand your ground.
It is only a human characteristic that can express anger and resentment by using harsh and insulting words.
The district includes Mairang and Mawthadraishan C&RD blocks.
An earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale struck parts of northeastern Turkey and Syria this morning.
The President of the JNC Jalaphet Unit, Bah Andy Bareh, said that the JNC strongly condemns and is angry with the robbery by this foreigner who came to work in the area. The law enforcement agencies should strive to control and monitor the entry of foreigners and foreigners into the area, as it poses a threat to the society and they are also stones. There is no peace for women and children.
Although Bah Khyriem requested to complete other matters first, Bah Kharlyngdoh left the meeting.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Although the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, had invited Narendra Modi earlier during the Cabinet meeting, the Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak, has said that has praised the working style of the Chief Minister especially during his tenure as Chief Minister of Gujara.
The first office bearers of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle.
By combining online and offline training, the aim is to improve the quality of training, by ensuring that students are prepared for the JEE/ NEET by receiving guidance from Indian teachers.
The authorities also questioned why they sell food from the North East.
Police have blocked the path of Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi, in the presence of a large crowd. .
Shillong, March 22: The ruling MDCs of GHADC today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan to discuss the issue of confirming the new Executive Committee of GHADC. The meeting was led by Conrad Sangma, Leader of the ruling synrop party.
Many schools have publicly complained about the failure of students in each class even in the Half Yearly Examination.
I mean, once the police have been involved to be vigilant, it will not become a problem and let us see and judge from now on what will happen,” said Ampareen.
A clash between the GNLA and police has taken place at Era Aning village in South Garo Hills today.
The Pastor said that there are people who go to wait in line and stay overnight for 2.3 nights in order to register their Aadhar numbers. at all, in such an era of pandemic.
The CPI(M) headquarters in Minakhan in Basirhat Subdivision has been damaged and one candidate has been attacked by unidentified robbers while he was casting his nomination papers. tell them that they are not.
She said that many of the children who have been trained by Kong Banadeen have had the opportunity to participate across the state, so she is happy and encourages those who have been trained to do well and trained outside the state.
In this regard, the union said that it cannot accept that the CHC does not have a proper motor tank, so it went to meet with the DM&HO Dr.K.C.Ajar.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said, “They (Hmar and Kuki leaders) have asked for support while the Government has been able to provide something especially to ensure peace and stability in Shillong.
Doesn't the school have information about this? It is not known whether the school has violated the protocol of social distancing by calling a meeting with the parents to get their signatures on the letter.
At the same time, the party and the voice of the people have urged the MLA Ma Lahkmen Rymbui who is also the MLA of the area and also the Minister of Border Areas to take action and expedite the construction of the The border road from Tamabil to Muktapur.
But you don't have to have a good conversation.
“You can't imagine that I have seen with my own eyes that the school buildings are clean and the students are sitting inside. It doesn't matter if the education department needs more money, it shouldn't be like that. We don't know if it's because of the condition of the school. “It's a good idea to encourage teachers to go to school or even children,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Umsalait SC opened the scoring through Arnes Marwein in the 7th minute, followed by Phrangki Buam who scored three goals in the 7th minute. Bhaki Rymbai scored the last goal in the 37th, 44th and 63rd minutes.
In this regard, the Lympung has demanded that the KHADA should introduce a law to allow women to sit in the Dorbar Shnong according to the passage of time.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the District Council cannot refuse to renew the trading license of foreigners who are permanent residents of the state. .
The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) will hold its Rozgar Mela at the Multiuse Convention Hall from the 16th to the 18th of this month.
Adding to her speech, Ms Mawlong said that the program was organized with the aim of raising awareness among the public on the dangers of drug abuse and the harmful effects of drugs. mat, to encourage especially the youth to turn around and look after the problems caused by drug abuse, trafficking, neglect or abandonment of drug addicts, how to strengthen to deal with drug problems and preventive measures to avoid drugs.
They said that on many occasions, she shared information via text message about her husband, who was allegedly having an affair with the ex-wife.
Shillong, November 01: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) on Friday demanded that the State Government should immediately appoint the Chairperson and members of the MSEC. Implement this Commission as soon as possible for the improvement of education in Meghalaya.
The meeting was convened by Mawkynrew MDC Martle N Mukhim and others. They discussed the impact of the UCC if the Indian government tries to implement it because it will violate the customs and traditions. ethnic discrimination, khadar rule, land and shyiap and can completely abolish the Sixth Schedule which has been allocated specifically to protect the indigenous peoples.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) will hold a rally on the 22nd of this month at 11 am at Khliehriat.
The answer from Nowel Shadap is that he doesn't care about his son because he is a person who drinks alcohol and gets drunk all the time and sleeps at home all the time. .
When will the KHADC authorities respond to the petitions we have put from the children of the thousands since 15 October 2019, 21 December 2020, and 15 December 2020 regarding the problems faced by the children of the thousands in relation to the Until today we have not received a single answer.
Why do you treat us women like that? “The men don't differ much except for the way they dress,” said Rikynti. “If you understand that, look at the reason and you will see.
Residents across the villages in Amlarem, Thadlaskein and Laskein blocks have expressed their dissatisfaction with the fact that they have to register for the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY).
Although the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has imposed a ban on the dumping of garbage in the Wahumkhrah River and has imposed rules that those found guilty will be punished according to the Wahumkhrah River. law.
Unfortunately, the visas of these players were rejected.
This has also resulted in a loss of T.25 lakh per day to MeECL. Now it is time to ask, Ah! Where are the pastors to gather the wheat in the mountains, the wheat in the highlands, the wheat is well ripe, it has only the rashi, before it falls and when you look at the book Presbyterian Hymn No. 306 (304) 230 (233) 369 (374) and there are many others who cause questions.
The strong shall honor the weak.
It is true that as Christians they may no longer be able to fight against flesh and blood, but we can say that they have a great role to play in fighting the war for the country and the nation through prayer. and their pleadings before God.
Shillong: Many MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have changed parties many times in recent days but only Bah Teinwel Dkhar has not changed since he won the election in (UDP) until now.
When looking closely at the allocation and distribution of this scheme by those government ministers, MLAs from the NPP party, it was clear that even in the urban areas, there is no planting and agriculture, while the scheme was carried forward.
Shillong, November 06: The People's Democratic Forum (PDF) Mawlai today dissolved after more than two months of its establishment.
He said that during the meeting with the leaders and members of the party, the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, promised to take action on this issue. If the NHAI does not do anything, the union will take another route for the safety of the passengers.
“The MFA will also hold a Veteran League for those over 45 years of age but the Amateur League will be for those over 20 years of age.
When asked whether this is the beginning of the fourth phase of Covid-19, Tynsong said that scientists have not yet explained whether this is the beginning of the fourth phase of the pandemic. , but the delta variant has spread rapidly and this has worried the government as well as the residents of the state.
Shillong:: The State Government through the Mining and Geology Department today amended the order issued on the 15th of this month and issued another order to allow the transportation of coal.
The former MLA said this when asked about his opinion on the MDA II Government, which as an MLA who has been in the opposition and who has spoken well about the shortcomings of the MDA Government. He said that what the opposition had discussed and shown at that time, the MDA Government has taken such issues to improve, by giving an example of the safety of the dam and other mats.
On the same day, the HYC Mawlai Circle also visited the documents of the foreign workers working on the bridge of the by pass road constructed by Bah Bungsing Sohphoh. The HYC has found that all these foreign workers do not have proper documents especially the Labor License from KHADC. they come.
However, he said that his speech will be translated into languages ​​for mutual understanding and will be distributed in advance to all the members of the House.
Therefore, the village leaders have warned against Dalmia Cement & also against all the transports and drivers.
The Prime Minister also urged to encourage the taking of the precaution dose especially for the elderly and those who are more at risk.
The owners of the houses have been directed to allow the tenants to extend and give time to the tenants, so that such a problem will not arise during the pandemic.
He is ready to take over the MDC.
Perhaps it will be a great honor for Meghalaya as a whole as there have been 11 arm wrestlers from the state who have been selected under the banner of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association. He will lead India to the World Handball Championships in Kazakhstan.
Nangkiewkor Moore Don was the top scorer for Friends United CC with 34 runs from 40 balls.
After being informed by the counsel of the state government, the High Court decided to wait about six months for the government to take action.
Our party does not intend or encourage or support such projects,” she said in the letter.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, today visited Agnes Kharshiing, who is admitted to NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong and promised to take all necessary measures to provide for her. They have sent an investigation into the cause of the incident.
Malki started the match brightly in the second half and almost scored the first goal in the 46th minute through Ronnie Nongbri but Rangdajied goalkeeper Padam Chettri saved the goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Leaders of Mawlai Town Dorbar under the leadership of Embhah Syiemlieh MLA UDP from Mawlai this afternoon met with the Minister of C&RD Block, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to discuss the issue. on the delay of the government in opening the Mawlai C&RD Block.
On the other hand, the President of Shillong Circle, Treiborlang R Suchen, said that the HR has made it clear that GVK is waiting for an order from the state government to leave the state. If GVK leaves the state, the party does not want other foreign agencies to come here to run the EMRI 108, but he said that as the party that looks after the problems of the people, it does not want. The government should bid for auction to the companies of the Health Department and Education Department in the state. Bah AL Hek said that the EMRI 108 should be established and run by the government and the government should provide for the needs of this service and the government should ensure that it provides the necessary services. This service will be used to avoid the delay in the operation of this EMRI 108 service.
The speakers on this occasion congratulated the Circle for doing many great things for the benefit of the community and the nation as a whole.
“With the presence of the Council, many things have been done and there are also things that have been done which do not want to be published in the newspapers and this is the benefit of the MMC,” he said.
One of the first changes was to address the delay in the recruitment of offices in the Districts which has caused many shortcomings and severely affected the work.
This comes a few months after many houses in Joshimath collapsed and were found on the roads and in the villages where the landslide occurred.
Let us turn away from these things.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China has also announced that those foreign travelers who have a visa obtained before October 28, 2020 and are still valid, They can carry and use the same visa to enter and leave China.
These kwai tyrkhong were seized by the pyrton 43Bn together with the state police on 13th November, after receiving a tip.
WJDSA Hon. General Secretary Lammat-oo Laloo said that this donation is part of the encouragement and is also a good example for others who have the spirit to improve the quality of life. Sports activities in the District.
The JSM has alleged that MeECL has done too much in installing the transformer in the area where even children aged 3-4 years can reach the electrical wires connected to the transformer.
This happened after five members of the same family started to cry after eating the Yummi food and started crying and screaming after eating the Yummi cooked by their mother.
Nongpoh: A shop in front of Saw Aiom Arcade in Nongpoh, has been robbed by robbers who have stolen T.5,000 cash, several cigarettes and other items. the tar that is inside the shop.
Shillong: The HANM Mawshynrut Circle, on Tuesday, said that the WYF, HYC and HANM have rejected the complaint against the coal mining factories in Shallang (Mawshynrut). many to the Mother Earth, and who have increased the number of workers.
Elambok is the only child of his parents, and he lives with his sister-in-law, Ridamon Skhemlon at Wahsiej village, about 7km from Mawkyrwat.
In the city it is different because many people do not go out to attend meetings and come out only at the time of voting.
The government was also ordered to pay Rs 1.5 lakh to Justice Katakey.
Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that students should strengthen their intellectual capacity and have a strong desire as they move forward in life.
We have asked the Central Government to order the CBI or the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to launch an investigation into this incident.
Speaking as the chief guest after the opening ceremony, Bah Sanbor Shullai said that there are many things that he has done as a leader and there are many things that he still has to do. there are many who are still playing chess.
It is to be recalled that in the previous government, the MDA government did not have a Common Minimum Program and in the present government, the MDA 2.0 government has not had a Common Minimum Program since the election. thaw it.
The school was established on 28th October, 1998 from Lower Primary and was upgraded to Upper Primary on 28th October
In a reply posted on Twitter by Jairam Ramesh, MP Rajya Sabha of the Congress party, he said that in the year 2021-2022, the average electricity supply to the people of Meghalaya in in urban areas, it is 23.93 hours, while in rural areas, it is not significant.
“Adil had collected the explosives brought by a group of Pinna's aides from the border areas in Kathua Sector.
“All these actions of the Agency have discouraged the youth of the state and this has been done through the orders of those in authority so that other people from other states can get these. He said that the KSU has also received information that the selection/screening committee has been forced to issue and send urgently the rights of the youth. letters of appointment to those applicants who have passed the examinations without checking the required documents and to follow the right path.
Enshon Lamare, 78, wife of Wonmai Warjri, Mawlai Phudmuri, passed away on Tuesday morning at her home. of i.
He said Mirchi has 74 frequencies in 64 cities in the country and is also the largest mirchi in India.
Two women were killed and 23 others injured in the blast.
Besides, there are other villages which are farther away from the area like Domwahlang, Khliehmawlieh, Mawlangkhar, Umlieh and others which have hundreds of farmland in the area.
Gilbert J. Sangriang, AEE Mechanical Engineer Department of Agriculture was the chief guest in the presence of members of the Union and others who also distributed various awards.
Those who violate the law passed by the government will be severely punished whether they are priests or pastors.
“To meet the needs of the residents of the area, the state government departments including water and electricity departments will have to work together.
Another opposition MDC, B.Chyrmang, asked how many markets have been registered till 30th September
Prestone said that at the time of the High Level Committee, the Shillong Municipal Board was sent to collect a census of the number of people living in the area. The people of Thewm Iewmawlong did not want to cooperate with the Government at that time even after three attempts.
Shillong: Laitsohphie (Pynursla) defeated Wahnongreng, Lapalang in the 19th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament organized by Bakur Social Welfare Sports Club.
The lyngkar marriage of our Khasi women in Khasiland has destroyed the hope of many of our children that one day the Khasi blood will disappear and there will be Khasi II or Khasi only race. you can't blood.
The village has requested all to work together to overcome this terrible disease, said a statement from the Waheh Shnong of Sohphoh, Bah Mutshwa Thabah.
“The appearance of Bah Lapang, who is a leader in the North East and in India after 40 years in the Congress, has the wrong reason against him,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : The Minister of Rural Development, who is also the MLA of Mylliem Constituency, Bah Hamletson Dohling today inaugurated the new building of the Lyngkien Government Lower Primary School.
“We strongly oppose the actions of the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma and the Congress party should appoint someone else who will be responsible for the people and society,” said Bah Pohshna.
Before the distribution of the foodgrains, the Waheh Shnong Shri L Pyrtuh, who expressed his gratitude to the MDC for his willingness and enthusiasm to donate the foodgrains, gave a welcome speech. He wished the MDC a healthy and strong body so that he can continue to provide for the people of the village. the entire Sohmynting Constituency.
There are also new ideas that emphasize that the kings are the representatives of the Creator God and there are still royal houses that remain in power today, although they no longer have the power to rule as they did in ancient times.
The Indian Meteorological Department, in a statement today, has warned the pedestrians, especially the drivers, that there will be heavy thunderstorms in some places, for the next 42 hours.
“The district authorities should have arrested the officers and employees of the Atomic Minerals Directorate before searching the members of the union for illegally working in the area. During the meeting, the party promised not to proceed on the issue of uranium.
It is also learned that the youth said that he would break the weapon, without explaining what it was, because of fear.
The teachers who take the subject Value Education cl 5 and the students I believe they remember Simplicity.
“We have noticed that some officers have refused to take over the post of DGP and it is necessary that we have decided at the meeting to select those officers who are qualified according to the State Police Act,” he said. .
The HFU has started the Syiar farming project at Sohnidan village in Mawhati Constituency, about 40 km from Umsning.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh asked about the working methods of the boards of directors of MMDSL and local entrepreneurs, asking for clarification on whether any meetings have been held since the collaboration of MMDSL. company.
However, they promised to do whatever was necessary, but until now the promise has not been fulfilled.
Athletics NZ said the Drug Free Sport New Zealand (DFSNZ), which is the country's anti-doping agency, has already conducted half of the competition in many countries. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has conducted 10 inspections on the athletes as it conducts its work in all aspects of the World Championships ahead of the World Championships. the COVID-19 pandemic.
The purpose of this tournament is to bring together the youth of the war zone to have unity and solidarity in sports activities and also to promote volleyball in the country. young people and to showcase their talents.
The teachers of the Department of Arts & Culture, MLCU include the Department of Music; School of Language and Literary Studies; and the Department of Environment and Traditional Ecosystem.
Speaking at Madan Achotchonggre in Bajengdoba, Dr. Mukul Sangma alleged that the MDA Government has not looked after the welfare of teachers because it has not been able to appoint teachers, deprive students and conduct The closure of schools in Meghalaya.
According to Bah Lyngdoh, the government is still waiting to appoint an MDC to these houses as the MLAs, government ministers and party office bearers have not yet been able to campaign.
Also present on the occasion were MP Rajya Sabha and AITC Parliamentary Party Leader Derek O'Brien.
He also urged the children to learn to respect time and to respect the dignity of manners which is a great wealth for mankind as well as for the family.
Through the CR School, schools can provide training to the children through video conference where the children can also ask questions to the teachers.
Regarding the chief tyngshop, Darihun Marbaniang did not agree to take part as Shatai Rande because she doubted that she was suitable.
She said that when she accused them of speaking rudely, they immediately said that they did not speak and tried to touch her.
Wanshanbor Kharkrang, Tournament Director of MSL and representatives of the four teams were also present.
About 95% of the seats in the Legislative Assembly are reserved for the Hynniewtrep and Achiks and this means that the power to govern and manage the trade is in the hands of the tribals of the State.
The Director of Education of Mizoram, Lalsangliana, said that the admission fee for children from Manipur in government schools has been released free of charge.
“My promise to the people of Tura is that we will work for the people.
The policemen are said to be in good health.
In this regard, Arkijuh Dkhar, from Khliehriat, on 20th June 2023, has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner saying that the people in the district are not willing to take the T1 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued 100,000 rupees.
Not only the security department but also the Infiltration Run Department will strengthen its search operations when someone enters the state without proper documents.
“For the first time, our study shows those differences in risk between drinking alcohol every day and drinking five or six days a week among the male population" , said lead investigator Gro Askgaard of the University of Southern Denmark, Copenhagen.
At this meeting, the people promised to cooperate with the party in any way that the party takes the protests.
Therefore, if the government is allowed, how much freedom and independence.
When children play in a room with a heater or shawla, be careful not to allow children to touch or walk into the fireplace and cover the area immediately so that children cannot You shall not put anything in your hands or in your hands.
Regarding the African Swine Fever, Dr Blah War said that the disease has decreased and since the 2nd of this month, the department has not received any reports of African Swine Fever. Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, has issued an order to start operating odd/even number of commercial vehicles from now on. On the 13th, 2013, from Kashari, Khyndai Lad, Mot Phran, some taxi drivers, under the umbrella of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association, “They don't accept and oppose the order of the DC, because in the past few months there has been no traffic jam, but they just want to insult the small towns,” he added. Mangkara Shylla.
Limited (AHIPL) after completion.
She said that sports teaches us to grow up in a healthy manner, to develop the brain and especially to have a strong spirit, to have manners and dignity. that they should avoid alcoholic beverages such as drugs, alcohol and others if they want to reach their goals in life.
Regarding the border, Dr Celestine said there are still seven areas in dispute.
The two departments of the HYC have demanded that the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills should appoint an Independent Expert Inquiry Agency to verify the impact of the uranium mine in Nongbah Jynrin, Mawthabah. residents and neighboring villages.
He said it was the choice of the people to allow Agatha Sangma especially women feel that she is the only one who understands the plight of women and children.
Shillong: Agnes Kharshiing, Shillong, has been admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong for three days since she was brought to the hospital. Hospital, after being shot on the way to Sohshrieh and she is still suffering from head injuries and chest injuries.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Narpuh Circle has expressed its anger after conducting an inspection on Monday on the NH-6 from Mynkre to Malidor. The repair as promised by the NHAI in front of the KSU and the village leaders.
The serpent (Satan) said, “You positively will not die” Genesis 3:4
“Referring to the UDP's manifesto to cancel the soskular (MoU), Conrad, who is also the national president of the NPP, said it was sad to see that the party who have been involved in negotiations and committees to settle the border now such leaders are turning issue politics.
When asked whether many of the MLAs of the MDA have not come to take part in the Ingdorbar Synrai in the past few days, the MDA will win the no confidence vote. No Confident Motion) of the opposition?.
“Even the Supreme Court has ruled that the security forces or the army should not be in the residential areas. people and should not be about 25 kilometers from residential areas.
These days, politics has become one of the biggest businesses in which the wealthy cannot escape the temptation to vote for other candidates.
When the car came out, the driver came out,” said Marchborn.
The program was held on Thursday at the training center in Sohra, East Khasi Hills District.
This decision was taken after two people were killed in a terrible earthquake in Rngain.
0.74 grams of heroin and 260 mg of nitrazepam tablets were seized from the Sumo.
He also expressed the government's plans for the development and provision of infrastructure in the state as a whole and most of the allocation in the past years has been in the field of education to develop and improve the Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools of the government and also to meet the requirements for higher education.
Some Jaidbynriew has had to fight from time to time against the invaders who have taken over our land, we don't need to accept tens of thousands of mynder to come and attack us. covered the Jaidbynriew of only 13 lakh.
The outbreak of the disease in Guwahati, was caused by the presence of foreigners and after that, they came into contact with the villagers and now, it has started to spread to each other, where Many of those who have not traveled have been infected with this terrible disease and if so, it is up to the government authorities to strictly control the entry of foreigners, if It is not from Silchar, or from Jorabat, or from the Bangladesh border.
“We have not received any complaints about this but we have seen in the media that transgender people are coming out,” he said.
Since the beginning of the lockdown and since the night market in Khyndailad has started to heat up, many people have witnessed the increase in illegal activities and until the road from behind the old Assembly to the parking lot near SBI has become a There are many types of vehicles in these places.
In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya (Sub-State) has appealed to the Supreme Court, and that the Supreme Court has issued this statement – ​​Quote “The appeals, thus raise the question of interpretation of paragraph 19 (1 ) (b) and the scope and extent of the power of the Governor thereunder.
The earthquake was believed to be the strongest since the earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale on 29th November 1960 in Assam.
The union demands that the state government should not allow the proposal of the CEM of KAAC at all as this will lead to bloodshed or differences between the Hynniewtrep and Karbi people.
“This is just an agreement, not a marriage, after Bah Samlin becomes the bridegroom to become an MLA from the NPP, we will discuss this ministerial post,” he said.
“The VPP is based on a non-religious philosophy.
The CRPF immediately informed the Nongpoh Police Station and the Fire & Emergency Service of Nongpoh, who arrived later.
Shillong: 95 percent of the cases of corona virus have been reported from Shillong, said Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 14: It is a great loss to the government and the state to send MBBS doctors to study at the expense of students from this state when the students have not returned after completing their studies. to serve in the state and do not respect the contract with the government.
The decision of the meeting was submitted to Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM in charge of Forests of KHADC.
Many MDCs including Moonlight Pariat, MB Rymbai, Sein Raij leaders from Jowai, Tuber and other Sein Raijs were also present.
He said it is necessary for the law to work strictly to prevent men from having to provide for their children no matter where they flee.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Teher Mondal, on Tuesday said that the government does not want and will fight as much as possible to avoid extinguishing fires but this is facing problems due to the lack of water in the power plants.
It was observed that many awareness programs were conducted on the harmful effects of drugs and it was observed that in many such programmes, concerts, explanatory performances and so on were conducted.
Until we get a clear answer, the protest will continue,” said Bah Nongsiang.
We the staff who have been hired by DHS for covid 19 and deployed at civil hospital Shillong are surprised that our salary has not reached yet. We are the front line army but we don't think about 3 months without payment is not easy especially in these times of trouble.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has arrested and fined seven two-wheeler motorcycles, vehicles using loud silencers which caused a collision. There are many residents of the village, especially those who live near the road at night.
Nongpoh: In his speech, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU Nongpoh Circle, who visited Ri Bhoi, to confirm the new office bearers of the Nongpoh Circle, said that the nation is in danger. either from the Ingkhong Shyllang or those Myndie ri than from those Mynder ri or those people who came from abroad and who settled inside the land of Hynniewtrep.
He said that Nongrah and Lapalang have not been included in the GSWSS of the third phase and they can be included in the fourth phase.
He said that when Bah Bull was a leader, many people accused him of being a leader who only wanted to disturb the village and create trouble, but these same thylliej now say that there is no leader. shisha is the Rangbah.
All shops and offices were closed from 3 to 5 pm during the protest, which was attended by thousands of people.
Between these two countries, the Khasi Hills were ruled independently by the Khasi chiefs without any interference from the foreign powers including the Bilat government.
This year 2021, the theme of the celebration is “Tackling Plastic Pollution”.
The CoRP as one of the political parties has expressed its concern over the inability of the government authorities to curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh through Meghalaya.
Through the Act, the Border Monitoring Commission or a body shall be established to oversee all activities along the border.
Roads, bridges and walls were also destroyed and washed away by the floods.
Dr. Jitendra Singh in his speech in the Lok Sabha said that the Government of India has not stopped trying to mine uranium in the South West Khasi Hills. Hills District where he also mentioned the presence of uranium in the following areas:1
For this reason, we have decided to issue a notification to all the Dorbar Shnongs called the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Autonomous District Maintenance of Household Register. long Khasi or those from other states.
A nation that praises a thief, a murderer, and an evildoer receives the reward of death.
“I am saying this because I have this letter from the former Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills Shillong, written on 01/02/2
Replying to a question by the Nongpoh MLA, the Minister said that the proposal to build a railway line or the guarantee from the past years, does not require a NoC from the District Council.
It was in the last minute of the match that India lost their lead until they suffered a complete defeat in the end.
A tug of war competition was also held for the students of St. Xavier's College, Umoid which was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District. In Mawpoiñ, Class XI & XII Arts Combined for women and Class XI & XII Commerce Combined for men won.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) of Eastern Zone today gathered at schools in Umroi area to spread awareness on the dangers of drugs and child marriage. Many of the youth in this age are involved in alcohol abuse especially drugs, which has caused many households to collapse and especially which also brought about many evil deeds in the society at the meeting held at Umroi Madan.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Mewan Pariat, General Secretary, NSUI Meghalaya.
Children in the past also had time to listen to the warnings of their parents because they had not yet fallen into the trap of this world.
Maheh replied, “What do you mean?
Manstudy Nongrem of the Congress from Langrin, Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP from Shella and UDP from Shella have not yet received any information. Equator Nongrang's UDP candidate for Mairang.
The disease has spread to three districts of the state including East Khasi Hills with 3 cases, Ri-Bhoi with 6 cases and West Garo Hills-1
Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.
Shillong, November 17: The arrival of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other Union Ministers in the state for the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the North Eastern Council to repair the roads and to repair the wells and sidewalks around the parts of the road that Modi will have to pass through.
He urged many churches especially the villages to organize various sports events to help the youth in various ways.
“It is a great honor for Meghalaya to receive the visit of President Murmu Draupadi to Meghalaya, where she was welcomed by the people in Tura and Mawphlang. to inaugurate the 5th Edition of the Meghalaya Games, the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Shillong Peak Ropeway, the Tura Village Tourist Accommodation and the construction of the Rongjeng Mangsan Adokgre Road and Mairang Ranigodown Azra Road.
JHADC MDC Bah Octomewot Lamin and Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the NPP, congratulated all the students on their success in the examination. win the thong as you have prepared.
Chithra is 28 years old.
I don't know why they are so afraid of the VPP. I asked what they need to go there and it seems like they are going there to ask for the international airport.
