Returning to the speech of Br.
Mawlai SC, the winners of the tournament, will face PFR Football Academy, one of the fastest growing clubs this season.
A drawing competition was also held for the children.
We have heard and seen through social media that there are many Meghalayans who are outside the state and who have returned to their home state these days.
Police said that they have already confirmed that there was no attempt to revive or strengthen the GNLA. They said that the three arrested persons have claimed to be GNLA members. only to intimidate the people and to demand money from the authorities.
The chief guest at the meeting was Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: There are currently 3 active cases of Covid-19 in the state.
This is found in the Gospel of Matthew 2:16-18 which has been foretold since the time of the prophet Jeremiah: “A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; she cried for her children: and she would not be comforted, because they were no more.
On the same day, a meeting was held on Saturday at Nongthymmai and speeches were delivered by the women of the village and one of the women strongly condemned the rape of the villagers. Police have raided the residence of Bah Che at Mawlai Kynton Massar.
The buyers and sellers of this market are from all over the Khasi Hills – from War, Jaintia, Maram, Bhoi.
In another match, Spain beat Croatia 2-0 in extra time by scoring two goals in extra time. Spain scored two more goals in the second half to win 5-3 in Copenhagen.
At the same time, they said that they have the right to provide assistance to this child in any area in consultation with the family and “if the government does not do anything, we will not hesitate. “We have to take other measures even until we reach the limit to follow the rules and regulations,” said the statement. Therefore, the KSU in agreement with the family members of the child has said that if the government remains silent and does not do anything to the child as it should be, The life compensation will have to go through another route until it reaches the limit to be paid by the law enforcement authorities, said Forwardman Nongrem.
The Sessions Judge found that some of the children are now suffering from illness and suffering.
And when we have thought carefully about our own soul, we must take the right step, that is, we must meet Jesus through our fervent prayers.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction that the KSU Umjaiur Unit has organized this tournament to promote football and also to help the children to avoid bad habits. such as drugs, alcohol and other alcoholic beverages.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has urged Christians in the state to boycott the government's cleanliness drive on the 1st of March. God.
In the men's 100 metres, Sebastian Marboh came first and Clara Jones J Kharbhih won the gold medal in the women's 100 metres.
If they find anything, they should immediately inform the government authorities so that they can take the necessary action.
Ma Vincent said the Congress has got the best candidates who have a strong hope of winning the 2023 elections.
She said that there were more than 4,000 athletes and officials who will participate in the Meghalaya Games. don't take part.
After the meeting, the Deputy Chief Minister and Minister of Assam said that the meeting was fruitful and they will take it to the government on the request of this village to enter Meghalaya.
There is no longer any judge for the religious rights of the Jaidbynriew.
Immediately, people rushed to the rescue but the child died shortly afterwards.
He was assisted by Laithat, one of the young Khasi who had learned to read and write.
Deisy was surprised and overjoyed that Linda had come to her house, even though she hadn't called her to come.
In the final match between the two teams, Umiam United scored the first goal in the 17th minute through Kyrshan. Fireman.
God also spoke to Abraham, saying, "If there are only 10 righteous people in Sodom and Gomorrah, I will not destroy them.
After the end of the month, the Rangbah Shnongs have been traveling from Shillong to Delhi to meet with the central government officials due to the current VAB. After their meeting with Rajnath Singh, Defense Minister, Children's Minister Kiren Rijiju, the people are now waiting for the results of their visit to Delhi.
BC Nagesh said that students wearing hijab will not be allowed to attend government schools and ordered students wearing hijab to sit in another room. but they shall not be taught their own judgments.
"“Others who do not understand Art-371 may say that it is not necessary, but we need this Article because it is special for the jaidbynriew. “Only the owner of the land can sit in the Dorbar because there are non-Khasi who sit in the Dorbar,” said the Revolution Iada La ka Ri leader. Burning.
The curfew was announced by the UGACMC in a press conference today.
A few months ago, the leader of the National League for Democracy (NLD), Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that he does not want to contest again from East Shillong because he does not feel hopeful that there are too many non-Khasis who do not vote for him. you are a national organization.
Students of Agriculture and Food Technology can also contact the Nodal Officer Bah Remdor Dkhar (+91 98631 14387), Dr. Paul Chyne (9 Doctor.
There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, the wife of Elisabeth, the daughter of Aaron.
Nongpoh: Many former leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, today joined the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, in order to work better and to provide services to the villages. don't be afraid.
Rephica (36) has started running in the past few years and comes from a family of runners.
It is only a reminder that we should not forget in these days of plague. 1) Plague:- We can find that from Genesis 7:1-1
Shillong, October 4: The Joint Action Committee (JACATAM) of Meghalaya will hold a meeting to elect new office bearers on the 14th October at H Elias Higher Secondary School, Nongthymmai, Shillong at 1 pm.
Kiang led the country against the Phareng while Synriang led Ñiawwasa against Chyllong.
“I want to refund the money of all those who used to take lyer tyndong from this Ialam Gas Agency and this will start from the 20th of this month and I request them to return only the tyndong lyer shet jingshet. but the stove, the pipe, the regulator are not available.
During the trip, three journalists who accompanied Kurmi were reportedly seriously injured in the Naga attack and one of them was reportedly unable to walk on his own. He was injured in the attack and had to be released by the police.
A case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Police have registered a case against them at Phulbari Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
He said that the village has urged the DC to send the coal immediately, otherwise the village will take the necessary action.
through our experiences in our daily lives.
“We demand that the state government should strictly enforce the application process through the Employment Policy Department of Meghalaya and also demand that it should immediately cancel the application process,” said the party spokesperson. NPP James K Sangma today.
“It is good news that our state has been freed from the COVID-19 pandemic, but we must not be stingy and we must remember to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in order to “It's a good idea to prevent the spread of the corona virus,” said Prestone Tynsong.
In the balance, shall we measure them in the balance? That life? Isn’t life a means to an end? The theft of time keeps them away from society.
“The government and the district council will fight against the case,” he said.
S.Dhar in his speech urged the Kur Pale to have unity and love. He also praised the Kur Pale through its children who have become Pilots, Doctors, Engineers and also The meeting was filled with songs and dances by the children of the Kur.
How can I be re-elected," he said.
The Hynniewtrep Achic National Movement (HANM) led by the President of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Artist Ryntathiang, Bah Bung Sohpdang, President of the Baridua Circle in the presence of members of the Baridua Circle, on Tuesday. Obinas Warjri, son of Skila Warjri, resident of Pyndengumiong, Mairang, who has brought fame to the country and the state in his struggle against the Obinas Warjri has been selected for the recent MMA tournament in Thailand where he lost in the final against Mexico and won the silver medal. He was appointed to take part in another big match and represent India in the 5th International Thai. Martial Arts Games and Festival in Thailand which started from the 12th to the 17th of this month. On the other hand, the President urged the talented youth to use their talents properly and to come forward and bring fame for the country and the state as a whole.
In addition, you have seen many shops that are covered with plastic bags but you have seen that today these shops are covered with blue clothes. The President has arrived in Tura today to open the Meghalaya Games. He said that the traffic police have been deployed in preparation for tomorrow. the 5th was in Tura.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle after a thorough discussion with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District yesterday night Covid-19 disease.
When asked whether the government will call for talks with these groups, he said the government will have to talk and will consider this issue.
Others who attended the ceremony were writers from the District, Rev Fr A.Nonglang Diocesan Administrator Nongstoin Diocese, Pastors, Teachers of the College, Students from other Colleges and invited elders. .
Shillong, Naitung 1: All three units of the Ganol Hydro Power Plant have been commissioned and connected to the National Grid.
Regarding the incident, a group of ASHA leaders have informed the DC Ri Bhoi, to urge her to take action to conduct an investigation into the incident.
The factory, known as Marda Industries Private Limited, is located in Umjojwa village and falls under the Export Promotion Industrial Parks (EPIP). and it can also affect your health.
So far, 11,154 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 114 people have died.
He said that the reason for his support, as he explained to him, is because the KHADC has introduced Bills which are important to the people. Another reason, he said, is because all the MDCs have supported the EC, he too has joined them,” said Bah Shylla.
It has been alleged that this vacancy is due to a struggle between Bah HDR Lyngdoh and Bah Kenney C Khyriem to appoint a person with whom they have a connection.
The death toll has risen to 5,300,772, including one death from Rajasthan in the past 24 hours.
Madan Thadmuthlong beat Mookyrdup 4-0 in the quarter final of the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
Are we still wrong to elect the same people in the MDA Government to rule for another three years? I hope that this time we are not wrong, as we used to be wrong. Therefore, let us look forward to a clean and transparent government, for without it there will be no growth and development in any field.
“This is the land we need from the Hima Mawphlang to give us,” he said.
Perhaps it will be a great opportunity for the sportsmen of the state who have talents in various sports after the Sports Authority of India (SAI) through the Residential and Non Residential Scheme will hold the ' selection trial' or the selection of children for admission to SAI, STC, including those who are talented in archery, athletics and boxing, judo, karate and football.
The winners were awarded trophies and certificates.
Agarwal owned a house in Wahthapbroo and used it as a shop in front of the road and inside as a residence.
Bah PN Syiem also congratulated the MDA Government for strengthening and empowering the District Council to implement outside the MUDA boundary. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Solid Waste Management) Act 2020 has directed the villages to set up Solid Waste Management Committees and implement the measures accordingly.
If he wins Wimbledon, the Serbian will join Roger Federer five times at the All England Club.
Explaining about these government schemes, the Rangbah Shnong said that these schemes came when Bah SS Shadap was the Rangbah Shnong and also the Chairman of the VEC. The new Rangbah Shnong has said that the village itself has not been able to monitor the misuse of schemes in the village.
India became the first country in the world to land on the South Pole of the Moon on Tuesday after Chandrayaan-3 landed on the Moon more than 10 months after the Indian Space Research Organization (SPA). ISRO) has launched Chandrayaan-3 from orbit to the Moon.
The General Secretary of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah MHDkhar, urged all the Dkhars, especially those from East Jaintia Hills District, as well as their friends from near and far to join us. Please attend the dance competition and the Fete, so that this initiative of the Seiñ Kur will be successful and flourishing.
The doctor said that although there is no electricity for more than three months, he and the staff have to stay in darkness and they suffer a lot especially during the rainy season. They give birth to children and emergency cases and it is difficult for them to sit thyrnia and drip in the dark, but even so they have to work in the dark for the sake of the suffering of the people. “They have worked hard but no one has taken action on this,” he said.
Not only that, but T.25 lakh, of which T.20,70,000 was paid by Binod Singhi of Silchar, who is also the director of Shree Gautam Constructions. .
On the day of the team shooting, the shooting will be held in two rounds, the first round and the second round.
Hiram suffered such a tragedy because he had turned away from his parents.
Insurance Scheme for Health Care Workers in Government Hospitals and Health Care Centres: This scheme is implemented by New India Insurance covering 22.12 lakh health workers.
The company used to earn Rs 10,000 crore annually, but now it is in debt of more than Rs 13,000 crore and the mobile company may soon close its doors. you're right.
The Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF) has received a donation increase of Rs. 100,000 from the Central Government of Pakistan. 25 million for the purpose of allocating to the federation to run all sports activities in the country.
From the Executive Secretary of KJP Synod College Pastor E Sanglyne, Principal Thomas Jones Synod College Dr. RR Kharkongor, RM Khonglah Coordinator Eco Club, Thomas Jones Synod College and students of the college participated in the tree planting.
Similarly, the country of Tirot Singh and Syiem Sngap Singh, the Maharam Hima of West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills have the right to be Chief Ministers of Meghalaya.
Many tourists like to stop at this place to watch and eat the wind from the presence of the Umiam Lake which causes a strong wind.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the National Vice President of the NPP, Bah Tynsong said, “Now the leader of all the newly elected MLAs in the Legislative Assembly is Conrad. Sangma, this is the decision of the MLAs of the party.
At the same time, Prestone said that the shops along the National Highway have been allowed to reopen.
The Junior Engineer of PHE Department gave a briefing on the third phase of the Shillong Greater Water Supply Project.
The two NTYU leaders are Pawan Sharma, former General Secretary of NTYU and Vijay Raj. who is the former President of NTYU who has been appointed as the Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Program Implementation.
“We only want the road and the tender itself does not mention any intention to mine uranium which we will oppose the intention to mine the dangerous mineral”.
In another development, besides condemning the incident, the KHNAM Youth Wing has announced that it will hold a flag raising ceremony on the 24th of this month.
Because in this village in the morning and evening, there is that light called SAWLIA, and thus the village got the name Nongsawlia.
The Rangbah Shnong of Khyndewso, Bah Dominic Lamare and the longkmie of the village have expressed their deep sorrow that they are still facing difficulties in coming and going. take more money because of the damage to the road.
“If the Governor's rule comes and now there will be a new amendment to the Khyrnit Bahynriew, everything is in front, if we don't have a part in the new amendment, let them bring the Amendment to Parliament. When the Governor comes to power, who will look after the welfare of the land, the customs and traditions, will it not affect? It is on that basis that we have decided to support if they bring a new amendment in Parliament to the Khyrnit Bahynriew. explained Mr. Ronnie.
“We cannot accept to own this perfect snap.
They are Latiplang Kharkongor, Blanding Warjri, James Sylliang and Grace Mary Kharpuri.
He is the leader of the country and has the authority and responsibility to ensure that peace and justice prevail.
They also admitted that they have video evidence of Bah Shangpliang's praise of the party and Congress leaders and demanded that he should be punished with suspension and removed. If his actions are found to be true through an independent government investigation.
According to the rules, the three Regional Committees of Meghalaya should discuss and agree with the Regional Committees of the Assam Government on the names of the villages and townships that have been recognized by the State of Meghalaya and start the process. as it should be done.
“Last month we talked to the drivers to drive from Mawryngkneng but there are those who steal from Mawlai Byepass.
According to the social agreement with the government, they will have to share half of the income.
According to a Forbes survey, Jay-Z is now one of the richest singers in the world, second only to Bernard Arnault, CEO of LVMH Moet Hennessy. Louis Vuitton.
Bindo recalled that recently the Chief Minister had called them to his office and in the meeting he said that he does not want to interfere in the work of the District Council or the work of the District Council. “How can we go to this meeting when he has violated the Khadar Rule in the villages, but yesterday he called a meeting of all political parties to discuss the Khadar Rule in the villages. Bindo said he was surprised that when all the ethnic parties united and did not want to attend the meeting, the HSPDP went to support the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Nongpoh: A youth from Umsawnongkharai village in Ri Bhoi district, Romeo Ronghang (19), has been missing since the 15th of this month and has not returned home since.
Shillong, July 26 : The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has announced that the Meghalaya State League (MSL) will be held for the third time in March clubs across the state.
The Committee has also requested a report from the Deputy Commissioner and he has to submit the report within a day and to explain how the illegal mining of coal continues in the district.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that he himself found the team while they were training in the grounds of the school and immediately promised that those who win gold medals in the Meghalaya Games 5,000 tyngka as well as those who win silver and bronze medals.
The Dorbar Shnong Thangskai has already banned the Dalmia Company from spreading plastic, garbage and garbage which is a serious threat to the environment and especially to the health of the people. people in the ring and breathe.
In addition, there are 88,35,449 voters with disabilities and as of October 10, 2024, there are 81,87,999 voters over 85 years of age and 2, 18,442 people over 100 years of age.
The report said that the incident happened in 2022, but the complainant's mother did not know until 29th January after her son told her what had happened to him. .
There will also be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in other parts of the state.
The ban on coal mining and the ban on mining has affected the area where most of the residents are dependent on the industry.
Replying to a question on what decision the Council will take if the government or the Railways Department does not ask for permission, the CEM said, “We don't have any idea how to do it. there is no pat don that comes pan.
Before concluding, the speaker spoke thought-provokingly to the audience.
The purpose of the Government of India to introduce the Village Council is to have governance in the villages where all the schemes that come from the Government will come through the villages.
The Indian athlete team for the Deaflympics Brazil 2021, was honored by the Prime Minister on 21st June, 2022, for their outstanding performance and glory for the country by winning 16 medals ( 8 gold, 1 silver and 7 silver).
The Talent Show was inaugurated by the Sordar of Syntung Village, Bah R.Pale as the Chief Guest. The program was conducted by Kong S Dkhar.
Last year, Tribula submitted 15 ballot papers, including the ballot papers of her father, Jabed Ali, from 1966, 1970 and 1971, but the court has not accepted them. and because she did not have her birthday certificate, she asked for another certificate from the Rangbah Shnong, but she was not accepted.
The school also celebrated the 10-month Fit India School Week which started on 15th November and will end on 15th November.
Jowai, Nailur 13: The Village Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong of Thangraiñ, West Jaintia Hills under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong Pyrkhatbhami Sungoh, together with the youths and the KSU Thangraiñ Unit led by Samla Hababiangki Biam, President , came today (13/9/2022) to explain to the public on the unfounded name of Thangraiñ Village in the media according to the speech of Home Minister Lahkmen Rymbui in the Legislative Assembly.
In the second match, Mukhla Bumlangshor beat Loompyrdi Ïongpiah 5-1
This is the second time that such an incident has happened after a petrol bomb exploded and the police had to be evacuated to Guwahati.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The residents of Nongtalang village, have started to suffer again from the floods in the water wells of the village.
For them (NPP), it is only to win elections, and their main goal is to win elections,” said Ardent.
When asked whether the Prime Minister will visit the neighboring district – Churachandpur where the village where the beheading occurred, sources said that the situation is not suitable for him to visit. The Kuki groups, including the ITLF, have accused his Government of the ongoing conflict.
He said the Supreme Court's order is very far-reaching because it allows coal mining only if the environmental protection rules are followed.
After the Lok Sabha elections, when the BJP won a landslide victory, Modi visited and met his mother.
MPs, MLAs, Village Authorities, District Magistrates, Sub Divisional Magistrates, BDOs should serve the people properly.
The most affected are the customs and traditions of the family such as marriage, divorce, childbearing and inheritance of land or other areas.
“The Dorbar Shnong has sent letters from time to time to evict them from the area, but the government has not believed in this demand,” said Bah Andrew. There has been a lot of wickedness and crime, and the number of people who have come to live there has increased with the passing of the days.
The two-month training was held in three parts, a three-day skills training, five days of field training and a 48-hour skills demonstration. the chief military officers of these two armies gave speeches.
Pa'iem Ainam said that before he took over the throne, he had no intention of bringing about a clean and transparent governance in the Hima Mylliem and he had no intention of bringing peace and stability in the Hima. whole.
“I'm telling you the truth.
When asked about the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong that it is not necessary to hold a special session but only a meeting of the Cabinet and a meeting of all political parties, Dr. “For our part, if this issue can be resolved only through dialogue with the government, they have nothing against it, but if this issue cannot be resolved through dialogue and if the The government has not brought a special session, we don't have any other option, but to go to the people.
She has been working in Delhi for several years.
Arun Jaitley, Finance Minister of India, suffers from rheumatism and other illnesses.
“The Enforcement personnel have started this work for 13 days.
As a Director, this is the second time that she has been selected for this award but in 2018 she did not win at all but this time she has won by winning the award. the prize.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Rosette M Kurbah, today said that the implementation of odd and even numbers for commercial vehicles is only an experiment and if sufficient, it will be implemented. fully and if inadequate, alternatives will be considered.
It also set a goal to pave the way for peace talks with the HNLC in a meaningful manner, and to honor the heroes of the state among others.
The Dorbar Shnong Ialong strongly requests the tourists to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong Ialong according to the rules laid down on the signboard for the sake of safety and to avoid any injury. you're hurrying.
Similarly, the Khasi man is the Longkpa in the family and the Longkni in the family.
Abraham Lincoln, former President of the United States, said, “The Bible is the greatest gift of God, the Savior of the world is revealed through this Book”.
On the basis of this complaint, the police have arrested and investigated the incident and through sufficient evidence it has been sent to the court. decided to punish the thief.
The incident was a tragic and severe incident in which the buildings nearby and the house were also destroyed.
On the other hand, the President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang, said that the people are in darkness due to the silence of the government and NHAI to repair the road. The road in Narpuh has been completed.
“Go to the market, hills or tourist attractions and see if the pollution is from plastic bags from the market or from chips, biscuits, water bottles and plastic bottles,” said many. “It's true that the chip manufacturing companies should be banned from selling plastic in the price they are selling now but if we are told not to use plastic while the big companies are allowed, this has changed,” said the voice of the vendors. .
The program was held at JN Stadium, Polo on 28th March 2006 as part of the preparations for the Autumn Festival.
Don't let them be whoever they are.
She said that this year they will start the school earlier so that they can complete the various syllabuses and to improve the quality of education of their children. “There is a lot of cooperation from parents, teachers and students,” said Kong WK ​​Blah on the occasion of the announcement of the results.
The UDP Hingaria unit has been formed on 7th June 2023, the source said.
Only God can distinguish between us human beings as between male and female.
“There are still many issues that remain, I feel it is necessary to get advice from the MHA as Meghalaya is part of India. show the meaning of it," said the Governor.
State footballer Aibanbha Dohling has joined Kerala Blasters for the Indian Super League season.
What has been affected these days is the writing system in Khasi, where if we spell sports, some people have put the words sports and then, if we say ieid, they have written “8” and Not only that, but there are also those who write the name of the place, if they write Shillong, they write shillong and so on. you are writing these days.
Jashmina Begum, Sahini Begum, Felani Begum, Smt.
The village, which has fallen under the Micro Containment Zone, has been warned against the people not to leave the area and also the residents of the village, not to leave their homes. and if any are found to be in violation, they shall be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
“We see that the PDF is a clean and new party and the people still have confidence that it will lead the country and the nation,” said Bah Banteidor.
Nongpoh, Nailar 06 : The residents of Mawlasnai from Umpowin to Mawlasnai today demanded that the government should immediately clean up the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai. Thadrang to Thadrang because the residents have been suffering from the difficulties they face every day in coming and going especially to run away from their jobs and illnesses because of the deterioration of the road.
Last year, he said, he distributed audio equipment.
Jesus spent a lot of time talking to God even though He was busy accomplishing much of God's purpose.
Therefore, I request the government to investigate and punish those who steal because it is the right of the children. .
Parasites- Guardia Intestinal.
When inquired from the elders and management of the school, they said that at first they did not think that the residents of the area understood the importance of the school.
The father of the child , Charles Pakma , has lodged a complaint with the Jowai PS , but later the mother of the child received a phone call from the robbers who demanded T .10 lakh and if they pay T.10 lakh they will release her son Emi Lyngdoh without injury.
“On the part of my father, I am very sorry especially that I am poor, I will not be able to go to fight, that is my sorrow,” said Bah.
The final match of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 will be played on Saturday, June
He said that although the MBOSE has abolished the MIL Khasi, but at NEHU Khasi is still compulsory where all the students of Science, Commerce and Arts have to write Khasi as a compulsory subject.
Shillong, July 20: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), EKHD, Shillong today informed that the Excise Department of the district is continuing to conduct raids on the illegal sale of liquor and also conducting raids inside restaurants. shops and other places in urban and suburban areas as well.
Swastika didn't score three goals, but Manika won the fourth match to beat 3-0
Because this country or nation that once was destroyed, was scattered all over because of disobedience to what God said according to the Book of Deuteronomy – “And the Lord will destroy and there shalt thou serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, wood and stone" Deuteronomy 28:6
In fact, Meghalaya played well but scored few runs.
Why is it necessary to set up that committee when all the parties involved have agreed?” asked Bah Ardent.
They also sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of MeECL in West Jaintia Hills District to suggest to immediately stop the proposed installation of smart meters in the area.
In North Garo Hills, there are 6 cases in the Mendipathar cluster.
The attendance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah at the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-2 government led by Conrad K Sangma on 7th October, Shillong: The traffic ban has been imposed for 3 hours around Shillong.
Nongpoh, Naitung 14: The Ri Bhoi Dorbar will meet with the Minister of Electricity in Ri Bhoi District to discuss the issue of electricity shortage in Ri Bhoi District. In order to talk and convey the grievances of the people who have been severely affected by the power outage in Ri Bhoi.
It has also been seen on the internet such as in TikTok videos that people have congratulated the writers with piat because of the excessive loss of piat.
“I want to know whether I can sit in the ruling party when I have been suspended from the MPCC,” said Bah Pynshngain.
If you can complete only Matriculation and enter an ITI (Industrial Training Institute) you can get training as an electrician, plumbing or sewing and so on. ter.
They are ways to make money.4.
"“We have proposed to appoint empowered leaders who can take the floor and move forward the dialogue.
There is no greeting that can equal the character of this great man of the country,” said the Governor in a statement read out by Rao.
In Smit Mawkynrew Mawlat, the area from Lynshing to Mawlat, has been closed for traffic due to a heavy earthquake today.
However, we understand that Assam will continue to oppose and fight because it feels that it is the most powerful in the North East.
It is surprising how a person who sits inside the office knows how to explain the problem while the issue in the border area has never been addressed except by the Sengbhalang.
“However, we have not yet received any reply even after meeting with the Chief Secretary recently,” she said.
We don't know where that thousand came from, but those who received it received it from the right and from the left.
Three people have survived the floods this year, including Spilda Tyrsa, 17, Banteilang Tyrsa, a child who was drowned in the floods. Krosning Nongphud, 25, Skildaris, 18, and Letsing K.Bani, 48, were arrested.
Teach mice like that, not just kill them.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The MCTA has decided not to take classes in the First Semester according to the old syllabus and will not follow the directive of NEHU to teach or take classes according to the NEP
The meeting has decided to hold another Non Cooperation Movement indefinitely.
Regarding the transfer of DCs and SPs, the increase in the number of heads of government departments, especially in the mining department and the appointment of the CMD of MeECL, shows that the man who held this position was a truly wonderful man.
It is learned that Anisha, arrived home at 2.30 pm yesterday, where she came with her friend, Pema, who was still in school uniform and they went to sit down. in Pema's mother's shop and after a while, they left the shop and after that, they disappeared.
There is no medicine to heal the sick.
They will arrest more opposition leaders until the elections start," Kejriwal said.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) MDCs have demanded that a special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) be held.
He also admitted that he will also propose to raise funds for the Seng Raid and Seng Khasi of West Shillong from various departments including the Ministry of Minority Affairs.
Speaking at a meeting held at the Additional Secretariat, Bah Ardent urged the people of the state to support them.
“Now that the Prime Minister has criticized the marriage of women to their husbands, I want him to pass a law that will allow women to marry their husbands. of the tribe, which they used to follow, before they married and gave their tribe, even to their own children, rather than just talking without showing it.
Monkiru, from Pamrapaithlu village, was arrested by the police in April 2023 on charges of raping a woman from East Jaintia Hills.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 25: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued on 20th November 2023 under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the mining of shyiap in the village land. Langtor, Shyrwang and Ksehkohmoit are located in the district.
In this regard, the Government has decided to renovate the cold storage facilities.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) today held a march to demand the government to provide medicines to children and poor women. with full remuneration for the services rendered.
In the Men's Physique 5.5 Below category, Pynioladmiki Pala of Satar Gym Ummulom, West Jaintia Hills, Richard Wahlang of Zoo Gym Shillong and Lalrem Mawia Sangma of Synergy Fitness Gym won the second prize.
The states where the BJP won the most seats include Madhya Pradesh with 163 seats out of 230 constituencies, Rajasthan with 115 seats out of 199 and Chattisgarh with 90 seats. you have won honorably up to 54 people.
On 26th June 2001, an FIR was lodged against the Officer In-Charge of Jowai Police Station against a man named Dri Phawa. Myrjai village on charges of involvement in the rape of a child on 23rd June
Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai, Sordar of Nongpoh Elaka, confirmed the Rangbah Shnong and the members of the village, which was held on Saturday. They put a sponge of Phali on the head of the Rangbah Shnong.
Mondal said Meghalaya has taken the lead in the efforts to generate sustainable electricity and recently the State has launched a T.500 crore Solar Mission to ensure the generation of electricity from renewable sources. within the State.
He said that the tender has been called and the handover of the work has been completed and the contract has been awarded.
Serbian tennis star Novak Djokovic's journey to the Italian Open has been successful, with the player now reaching the pre-quarterfinals with a victory. He beat Grigor Dimitrov 6-3, 4-6, 6-1
The Minister added that the construction at this stage will be different because the structure is prefab and pre-engineering or those that have not been completed, but Banteidor said that he has invited All from the Chief Engineer to the contractor to discuss and understand the allocation of time as stipulated by the State Government.
Since the 1980s, the Government has recognized the Metor area as an illegal slum colony and has issued an order to ban illegal residents. However, this order was suspended by the Guwahati High Court in 1986 on a complaint by the Harijans who stood against the government authorities.
The new school building was constructed at a cost of Rs 3 crore.
Nongstoiñ: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, has promised to try to increase the allocation of funds for many development projects in Nongstoiñ so that the city will be safe and secure. He also suggested to demolish the old super market which is exactly like a rice house so that a new one can be built.
Shillong: The KSU Western Border Area, together with members of the KSU Umrit Unit, have visited the family of (L) Paul. B Makri at Umrit village today, July 17,
Hurdles CC, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 105 runs for the loss of all wickets in 19.3 overs.
The meeting was conducted by MPCC Vice President OS Myriaw. Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma lit the candle and laid flowers at the statue of Indira.
These leaders of the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit who visited Patharkhmah for the purpose of renewing and strengthening the leadership of the zone include the President, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, the General Secretary, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh. , Senior Vice President, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Education Secretary, Bah Gabriel Sun and other leaders and members of the party from the district.
Former Bengaluru FC player Dimas Delgado will prepare to become Carles Cuadrat's assistant coach in East Bengal for the upcoming Indian Super League season.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Students of the Women's College Shillong Department of Social Work on 11th June 2024 have completed their fieldwork in Mawlong Village, New Shillong. now in the year
The school has prepared that if the lockdown comes again, and they have to close the school again, the teachers will harvest these jhur and distribute them to the homes of the children. school.
According to Lambor, the MDA meeting will be held soon next month to discuss the posts of Lamphang.
Recently, the party has lodged a written complaint with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh who is also the Chairman of the High Power Committee of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. The EE PWD (B) has increased the price of the tender for the construction of a new Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong without the knowledge and approval of the HPC. “The office of the Executive Engineer PWD (B) is not the authority and cannot change the tender cost as the financial power of the EE is only T.6 lakh according to the Financial Rules.
The major shortcomings that the KSU has found with its own eyes inside the hospital include the electricity supply as the hospital does not even have electricity.
Shillong: The UDP candidate for the mid-term elections from Ranikor constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, is the richest candidate of all the candidates contesting in the Ranikor constituency.
Young people tell their parents where they are going and what time they will come home.
Furthermore, the union urged the minister not to have a 50% relationship with the MLA scheme and the MGNREG scheme, as most of the MLA scheme goes only to the people who The MLA wants, but if there can be an agreement to distribute the MLA schemes with the MGNREG scheme, it will be of great benefit to the people, because they can use it together with the MLA scheme.
Sattar said he was looking forward to getting the ticket to contest from Aurangabad Lok Sabha constituency.
“In whatsapp, facebook, it is more difficult to track down the people involved in creating or forging any post and who gets all the information, who started and where it came from, it is only Google, facebook. According to the SP, these companies will be written to provide information on the people who spread fraud on social media.
He said that there are hundreds of tonnes of uranium mines in the Porkut area of ​​West Khasi Hills.
The arrested were identified as Bilal Ahmed (30), Jalil Ahmed (25), Nazir Ahmed (30), Abdul Hassan (20), Md. Shahid Ahmed (20), Kawsar Ahmed (19) and Imran Ahmed (19) are residents of Sylhet District in Bangladesh.
At the meeting, KHNAM found that there was no such meeting between the MDCs and admitted that this was just a trick to mislead the people, said a statement from the Secretary of KHNAM. Batcupper Invention.
Then there is the politics of hatred and fear of others which continues to dominate the minds of the people.
We understand that the conflict is intense and it is not easy for the residents of Manipur to be in the vulnerable villages.
The injured were initially taken to Mawhati PHC, but as they were seriously injured, they were rushed to Shillong Hospital for treatment. proper care.
Jowai: The Commissioner Secretary, Department of Commerce and Industries, today issued an order to allow coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills to supply coal from Assam to their factories.
If they arrest us, we will have to resist and show why they arrest us,” he said.
On the other hand, the leaders of these organizations including Bah Receive Pator President KSU, Center Doloi President FKJGP Western Border Area and Samla Rishan Nongtri President Samla Rishan Nongtri President RBYF Patharkhmah Circle. thrang snam involved in the murder of a 10-year-old boy and why he did so until he had to take his life.
The party also commemorates the passing away of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, former General Secretary of the HNLC, who was killed by the army in
He said that the 25 acre forest is maintained by the Thangkhiew Kur.
The first U-19 match of the Cooch Behar Trophy between Meghalaya and Mizoram was canceled due to heavy rain on Thursday in the city.
Kabul: The Taliban have captured three provinces of Afghanistan and two military bases in these provinces. a third of Afghanistan's provinces, after the US and NATO withdrew from the country.
Sanbor Shullai said that the Crowborough Hotel is almost complete and will be opened in November
When Leonardo completed the painting, he painted it and the face of Christ was drawn and completed.
Conrad received 329,497 votes while Dikkanchi received 137,283 votes out of 484,1
The IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 has been held on the seventh day of the Pynursla Football Tournament 2023 today.
He urged the farmers as well as SHGs to register for FOCUS+ and confirmed that the money will be distributed to all those who deserve it on the 5th and 12th of this month.
In these days, when we look around, there is no peace while there is only war, bloodshed and hatred around the world.
Residents of Lachumiere village heard a loud explosion at about 9 pm caused by the tyndong lyer shet and the explosion caused people to come out and look. They went outside to look and saw that the fire was burning in one of the houses in the village.
After the joining of Jansing, the NPP has three MDCs, HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem, Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham and Jansing Tynsong.
On the day it was announced that the Meghalaya Police Station will have a shirta in the area, up to 1 pyrton of police have left for the area to ensure the peace and order of the people. of this border area.
It is learned that there have been rumors that Mukul Sangma intends to nominate another person to contest from Mawsynram constituency by removing the ticket of Bah Pynshngain.
Witting said he had spoken to Samlin Malngiang to ask whether the government had any idea, but Samlin said that nothing has been done yet. say something to him.
“We strongly request the government to issue a directive that this Act will apply in all relations with the government,” said Bah Syiem.
The benefits of this scheme are not only for the benefit of the people, but also for the roads, water tanks, playgrounds, cattle sheds, pig farms, roads. walking and other benefits.
After all the MDCs had finished their speeches, Bah Mansturdy stood up to conclude by saying that as the Lamphang, who has been appointed by the House, he will work for the good of the people. Council as a whole and to develop ways and means to improve the Council so that its work can be effective.
However, Rakkam, turning to his own state, said that the paid citizens of Meghalaya are in the midst of a golden opportunity to have up to 85% share as a tribal.
All these things caused the people, men and women, from children, young men, old men, old men, to come physically and spiritually.
Researchers said that vitamin B3 has been shown to modify certain antimicrobial genes, strengthening the ability of immune cells to kill germs in the body.
“I'm too old to buy this cow.
Living scored four goals in the 22nd, 52nd, 54th and 60th minutes, Tomi Lamare in the 13th minute and Iakhroo Laloo in the 30th minute. ′.
“We will continue to monitor this issue so that the construction of the entry and exit points for the mynder will not be too easy,” said the Seng leaders.
Mawkyrwat, July 21: The Syndicate of Rangbah Kur (SRKBH) of South West Khasi Hills District will hold a public meeting on the 26th July, 2023 at Mawkyrwat.
Now it is a mass struggle of the people of Garo Hills and for the future of our children.
Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, District Sports Officer, Rangbah Shnong of Deinchynrum, Welbert Nongtdu, teachers of the school. and others.
When Jesus saw him, he knew his name.
The passage of time has changed all these things in the thinking of mankind especially from the rapid growth of man's intelligence in this age where these things are easily available in the hands, at home or wherever people want.
Four speakers were elected on the occasion including FKJGP President Joe Marwein, KSU President Daniel Khyriem, HNYF General Secretary Sadon Blah. Several members were also selected to accompany the leaders on the meeting.
At the same time, he said that this shows that the BJP does not have the strength.
The wisdom of the old man to carry the han in a car, which was without a cover, and it was seen that the han were sitting on the roof of the car, without any problems.
The Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui on Thursday distributed M-Tabs to the students of Amlarem Sub-Division at a meeting held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem. digital learning aid scheme to assist children and to improve education according to the present era.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE), Tura, on Tuesday announced that a special examination will be held for the candidates of the SSLC/HSSLC, 2021. are in quarantine, or are high risk primary contacts, or are residents of restricted areas and for these reasons, must have proof of identity through proper documents. .
From time to time, houses are robbed by robbers who steal money and belongings such as gold, mobile phones, laptops and others.
The NGT, in its hearing, has handed over to the Supreme Court to decide on the case of snowmobile mining and today the Supreme Court has ruled that all the cases The complaint of Ma Lber Laloo, regarding the coal ban in Meghalaya, will be taken up.
The project will run until 2023 and 400 villages will be selected to benefit from the project.
Speaking to reporters, Adelbert said that he has received many requests from the leaders and will continue to do good deeds together. together with fellow MDCs and will put forward mutual respect.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Director General of Police (DGP), Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday visited Mawlai village as part of the efforts to strengthen the relationship between the Mawlai village. police and residents with the assistance of members of the Dorbar Shnong.
Lawsohtun CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
He said that in relation to the new NEP, the main objective is that the students should come forward without hesitation to showcase their talents so that they can improve their skills. help teachers to stand on their own feet in the days and times ahead in whatever capacity they have.
The topic I would like to bring up at this time is about the reward of our work.
Shillong, Lber 22: The President of the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) on Tuesday alleged that an MLA from East Khasi Hills District, whom the party does not want to be named, has spoken. members of the organization when they go to meet him for needs.
The resolution was also supported by Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh, Congress MLA from Mylliem, who pointed out many shortcomings in the implementation of this scheme. the way you work is not right.
He said that those who rent houses to foreigners, the village does not know anything about the house.
The VPP MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the government at the Sadar Police Station for violating the right to register. Young people of the state especially in the police department due to the shortening of the age limit.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has lifted the curfew in the area of ​​Lumdiengjri Police Station. , Lumdiengjri, Lamavilla, Qualapatty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong Hat and parts of the Cantonment Beat House Areas as well as in the city as a whole.
But as soon as Satan is cast down to this earth, Satan will become a god and will rule for 1260 days + 30 days = 1290 days.
Thus, Kiang was indeed that man who did not know how to lie and cheat and who sacrificed his life just to leave the country from the rule of foreigners.
In Pool-B, Govt.
When asked by Bah Paul Lyngdoh whether the government has taken any measures to prevent such an incident, Bah Tynsong said the department has ordered to prevent such an incident.
The second phase includes the Survey, Engineering, Design and Installation of DI Pipe for 12 Water Supply Zones of 6 Urban Areas to provide water to the people.
Just as children are invited to share their souls with their fathers, how much more so should we when we have problems, sorrows, sufferings, needs to tell everything to the Father in one relationship with Him in them. secret prayers to say 'ABBA', Father.
Bah Lyngkhoi said that after seeing the irregularities in the conduct of the examination for Class IX, this year the school has decided to take over again to set the questions for the examination. class IX this time.
He said that earlier the government had included Mawthabah-Domiasiat which is a uranium deposit but later it was withdrawn and the decision to withdraw was taken at the meeting of the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma and officials of the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) held a meeting on 25th November.
In the past 24 hours, 2,545 new cases have been reported.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the opening ceremony of the Agriveer Training Course organized by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, in collaboration with the Zila Military Welfare Board. At Synod College, Shillong, Kong Kurbah also expressed the need to conduct training sessions in schools on various jobs, so that the students are ready to fight for these jobs. .
The Seng will visit from time to time to look into this issue so that the Khsi youth can get jobs in the newly established LPAI in their area and benefit the youth. the area.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Ethelbert Kharmalk, IAS Secretary Transport Department as the chief guest. Airport Director Shillong, Ramesh Sachdeva, Consultant All India Public Sector Sports Control Board, Bah K.M, Warji, President Chess Association of India and President Meghalaya Chess Association, Bah K.Pajat General Secretary MCA, Rijied Katrai Organizing Secretary, Th.
Let the sleepless nights of the teachers end, let the suffering of the youth who are entitled to get Government jobs end, the Khasi language in Article-8, without being mixed with others and the border, not reached. shano-shano ruh, you will be destroyed.
Furthermore, besides the football ground has been completely destroyed, the government has also arranged to force it to Bangladesh; However, due to the initiative of various groups, especially the KSU, to strongly oppose the signboard, the project has been suspended. The Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Bah Kentli Tangsang, has visited the square despite the heavy fighting with the Bangladesh security forces. Belagavi: Uwei: He has received an order to implement the road safely, which has been approved by the border guards from both the countries, including the BSF and BGB. The IPS Chief, Khasi, has been appointed as the Commissioner of Police, Belagavi.
However, we regret that this article says that violence is widespread in India when these incidents have happened only at certain times and places, and are not widespread as alleged in this country. which has a population of 1.4 billion people.
During the raid, it was found that some foreigners did not have a Trading License and some of them had received information and closed their shops before the raid.
The Government is also preparing to build a good road to this place to connect Tura.
The KSU leader said that many of the areas in Shillong are surrounded by various army departments and it has created many problems in which the government cannot even. and to build the roads, because they were all military bases.
However, the movement of people within the Indian border has been exempted from the curfew for them to buy essential food items from 10am to 1pm and for those who come to Khliehriat for agricultural products has been extended from 7am to 6pm.
"As mentioned here, police have arrested 31 persons in connection with vehicle theft.
On the same day, an information program was held near Polo in Shillong in which various departments took part.
KSU Kupli Area Circle under the leadership of General Secretary Leiki Richard Tyngkan on Tuesday sent a letter to the management of Jio and Airtel in Jowai to demand the provision of mobile network in the area where the residents do not benefit from the connectivity. This company phone does not have a network.
Marak said that although the Khadar administration is run by the State, the power and independence lies with the people and the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs).
He also suggested to the Chief Minister to look into various projects that are necessary for the state, as recommended by the 15th Finance Commission, in which the Chief Minister said that these will benefit many. the development of the state.
Here I would like to ask our government and leaders – Do you legislate only for others? Why don't you make laws, what kind of position should leaders have? With the passage of time, a qualification should be set for our leaders so that our state can develop rapidly in all aspects.
During the investigation, a land dispute was the cause of the incident.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) today said that it will not fight against any religious group, whether Hindu, Muslim, Sikh or Christian.
Regarding the evacuation of the people from Them Iewmawlong, he said that he has informed them that the matter is being looked after by the High Level Committee (HLC) headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
One of the reasons is that, even if they work hard, eventually the benefits will go only to a few party leaders and those who are closest to the MLAs/MDCs. that the right is the public.
According to reports, there are three IPS officers of Assam-Meghalaya cadre who have not been selected for the post of DGP.
Nongstoiñ, July 4: Nongjri village in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is located about 19 kilometers from Riangdo on the Riangdo-Bamil road.
Nongpoh: Hours before the Government announced the presence of a man from Umsamlem village in Ri Bhoi district, who has tested positive for COVID-1 Those who lived near Umsamlem suddenly disappeared and no one came out.
The women who work at the garbage dump said that they don't burn the plastic but they burn it in one place, they burn in the fire only the lyngkhot lyngkhai trees. that they may rot, and be turned into manure.
“As young people, when we look at the state which has been in existence for 51 years, we don't have an Aggregator in this state.
Aspire Meghalaya provides training to students in confidence, clarity, communication and the ability to move forward through various challenges and experiences. (Emotional Resilience).
Lutituber and Sailung Ïalong have won the Under-17 Independence Day Cup Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Shangpung, which fought hard to score these five goals, didn't have a chance to turn the tide due to the strength of the players behind Mukhla, so by the end of the match they managed to score only one goal through Kenny Langbang. (43).
The city of Guwahati has been closed for 14 days (perhaps) if it is not extended after that date or 23rd July 2020, which has been set due to the outbreak of the disease. , has increased in 14 districts of the city.
How much more so that the A'chik and the Hynniewtrep are very different not only in terms of culture but also in terms of origin.
Tura, July 13 : A man has stabbed his brother to death in Monabari area of ​​South West Garo Hills, on the border of Mankachar, Assam on Tuesday evening.
On the other hand, in the FIR lodged against the former MDC of 16-Shangpung, these people alleged that Bah Lytan had misused their name in connection with the scheme to buy tin by write down their names which is against the law or human rights.
Nongpoh, July 14: The FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit has appealed to the state government through the PWD department to take special action to complete the cleaning of the road from Sohnidan to Umsiang. The government has already cleaned up the road from Umsning to Sohnidan which has been a blessing to the people of Mawhati.
Acting Waheh Shnong Wesper Lamin, Secretary Shnong Alphonsius Khonglah, Treasurer Shnong Lucky Star Manner, Richard Lamin who has been in charge of ration in the past. The elders and children of the village have gathered at the Bakur market to clarify the allegation of the village.
The match today will be between Sohmynting and Khliehiongriang at 2 pm.
Speaking in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid tribute to each and every stone of the old Lok Sabha and said that the MPs should enter. to the new House with renewed hope and confidence.
These seven schools have reached the final after winning the semifinals on Saturday.
The student, who passed well, was not in Nongpoh and is with her parents in Bihar.
He recalled that on the day when the two rebel groups came to make peace with the government, all its members were happy because they had a strong hope that the government would do something to help in other ways for them.
If this lockdown continues, many of them will die of starvation and not those who get the disease because we know that in India most of the citizens in India are low income.
East Khasi Hills has 80 new cases and West Garo Hills has
They walk around, work as they please and don't have those licences.
The JCB was seized and the driver and handyman were arrested for further investigation.
On the same day, the Minister also informed that the road from Shillong to Dawki to Bangladesh will be one of the leading roads in the world.
In the tie breaker, Umpyrdong FC beat Kroh FC 6-5 goals to win the title.
However, at the same time, she said that she does not expect the government to be affected by the results of the Sohiong constituency elections as the MDA-2 coalition government is a coalition government of all parties despite the contest. but the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Executive Committee (EC) of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle will hold a meeting on the 25th of this month at 11 am at the party office in Mawkyrwat near Rangmaw Taxi Stand. Jakrem Mawten, General Secretary of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle, said in a statement.
The entry fee for any team is Rs.2000 per team by sending the money online via GPAY to 9612934211 or pay offline at Simple Food. Laitumkhrah and no refund will be made to the registration fee for the team that does not attend the tournament.
On the demand to remove the CRPF Camp at Mawlai, the Chief Minister said that the CRPF camp is not a shirta, but the CRPF camp has been there for many years. build.
This story was told from generation to generation among the Jews and Matthew also wrote about it to compare Moses and Jesus, who were the saviors and liberators of the Jews.
They should avoid shaking hands or personal comments because they do not benefit anyone.
“During the inspection, it was found that the area has become unclean due to the presence of people who have set up residence in the area. Speaking to reporters, the president of the party, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the party's findings in this area are very strong. After inquiring, many of these people are not from this state, and they are illegal immigrants from other states of the country.
It was noted that the Cathedral Sohra received the highest amount of T.736.47 crore from the Government of India for the construction of halls, parking lots and many facilities.
They also demanded that he should immediately stop making or publishing any false statements against Lalremsanga and that he should be strong when speaking according to the directions of the Supreme Court.
The District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that in connection with the outbreak of pig disease in Assam (Dhemaji, North Lakimpur, Biswanathm, Dibrugarh, Shivsagar and Jorhat district), Farmers in East Jaintia Hills District are not allowed to import or buy pigs from unknown or accurate places.
He was arrested from the border of West Jaintia Hills and Bangladesh.
It is necessary to persevere and seek the truth, because it is a shame and a shame before the world.
Shillong: The State Government has informed the Central Government to restore peace and order in Shillong. She also asked the armed forces to assist the state in curbing the incident.
WHY DOES THIS ACT MAKE THE STATES CONFLICT ESPECIALLY IN THE TWO STATES OF PUNJAB AND HARYANA? farmers of the country but what else it means beyond that we don’t know.
He said that he is proud to celebrate this festival because it shows our culture without following anyone.
The Dorbar Shnong has informed the DC that all shops in the village should be closed at 10 pm even though there are no people on the road. The DC will soon issue an order on this matter.
The crowd was amazed and shocked.
On the other hand, the UHM said that according to the government announcement, all those who have jobs to recruit people have to announce in the media the job vacancies.
The people of War are the people who have worked hard for 10 years.
The final match of the quarter final will be played tomorrow 16.09.2023 between Lumpariat and Mooknor Thadmuthlon.
In East Khasi Hills District, 366 cases have been confirmed out of which 269 cases are from BSF, 14 cases from Armed Forces and 83 cases from civilians.
He said that the state government has taken steps to improve the works and development opportunities of the state and to bring about positive change for the people of the state.
“The meeting to submit the petition came after Amit Shah admitted that there is corruption as we also allege and we believe that he has already received the documents to confirm this,” he said. state.
She also urged the youth to have the spirit of supporting each other.
On the other hand, his brothers and sisters said that he was worried all night and when they asked him he did not tell them.
She said this while taking part in the National Voluntary Blood Donation Day, which was held at Nazareth Hospital, Laitumkhrah, Shillong on Tuesday.
Furthermore, two LPG cylinders will be distributed annually to those who are eligible under the Ujjwala Yojana scheme.
The SSR-2023 which started on 9th November 2022 in which the registration and preparation of voter lists has been prepared across the state.
Confirming this, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, said that the Syiem has been removed and the Acting Syiem will be appointed tomorrow.
He went to withdraw money from the bank to pay the wages of the workers but he could not get it and in his frustration that he could not pay the wages of the people he went to ask for a loan from his friend for T.10 thousand tyngka to pay. He promised to return the bill within 3 days.
Sanbor Shullai, who won again as MLA from South Shillong, received 14,214 votes and 116.09 votes ahead of VPP candidate Danny Langstieh. second place with 2604 votes.
“I'm not perfect.
The meeting also decided that Khanduli and Am-ih villages should sit down and resolve their boundary.
Education Secy- Eladmi Suchen,Sports Secy -Wellmiyo Syrti, Asstt.
SCA chose to bat first and set a high target of 348 runs from 39.4 balls and all wickets were lost.
Shillong: The New Year Inter Football Tournament has been held at the Umsong Village Stadium.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, National President of the NPP, Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong. National Vice President, NPP Spokesperson Ampareen Lyngdoh who resigned as MLA of Shillong East and other party leaders.
He is currently studying for a Master Degree in Tourism and Travel Management at Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
The winner received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy while the runner-up received T.15,000 and a trophy.
This Zionist ideology has also spread to the Khadar regime and therefore they do not hesitate to bomb and kill the Arab or Muslim population of Palestine.
“We have witnessed the absence of KHADC officials at this meeting and we would like to remind you that in the meetings of the regional committee led by Bah Renikton L. Tongkhar Minister of State Government we have been able to attend. “But what happened today is a lack of recognition of the KHADC and the Hima,” said Bah Carry.
Momin, President, ADE, Apex Committee, U Sengbath Ch.
The winners of the Sub Junior Girls category were Youbansheba Iawphniaw from Yellow House, Prettymerry Myrthong from Red House and Senior Girls from Red House. Merysha Myrthong from Yellow House and Senior Boys to Lamphrang Lyngkhoi from Blue House.
Furthermore, during the inspection in Iawmusiang, the Magistrates also found a shop which violated the rules of Covid-19 by allowing people to sit and eat inside the shop. The Magistrate's shops had to be closed while other shops which did not have the stickers were ordered to be closed until they complied with the order.
Members of the KSU inspecting the German Technology Road before reaching Laitryngud: Rupang.
Bashemphang scored the third goal in the 39th minute.
Prof Gassah said the search for information and clarity on the Sixth Schedule has been from overseas, from the United States, Japan and the Ladakhs after they got the Union Territory.
The stolen goods included property of the people, money from places of worship, batteries of e-rickshaws and others.
Nongpoh, March 23: The Seng Kynthei Shnong, Upper Nongjri, on Saturday, with the participation of all the women, conducted a cleanliness drive in the village.
It is also prohibited to build schools, hostels, hospitals, hotels and other buildings within 200 meters of the Myntdu River and other rivers.
Also present on the occasion were KSU office bearers, Chess Federation leaders from Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Garo Hills and East Khasi Hills.
The mother must create a name that will be different from others that already exist, to ensure that the identity of the children should be unique.
The police statement said that the perpetrators try to collect information about government offices or workplaces and office employees through the internet such as names, ranks, phone numbers, photographs (of senior officers or who do not work in different offices).
The nation needs law makers to protect the country and not those who are rich.
They were taken to Pariong PHC for treatment but later shifted to Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital, Mairang for further treatment.
The competition will be held on the 3rd June near the Lukha River and the prize money for the winner is T.30,000 and the second and third place winners are T.20,000 and T.10,0
At the time of writing, nothing had happened.
The conference will be hosted by the All Meghalaya Primary Teachers Association (AMPSTA) at Madan Polo.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Joining Pde who is also the Treasurer of the Dorbar Shnong.
If the mind is weak, the body is weak as a whole.
“We demand from the central government and the state government to call for a meeting with us the committee on this issue and if they don't listen we will intensify the protest until they have to listen to our demand in one place. day”, said Nikman Marak.
“We have created 10 district mandals, and 48 mandals out of 60 in the state.
Personally he is the best fit".
One of the most famous historians of Assam, Dr.SK Bhuyan, says, “First the Mikirs, now known as the Karbi, came from Tibet and Burma and settled on the other side of the river. The Kaziranga National Park, the most famous national park in Assam, was once their home.
After the tyngshop ceremony held by the HSPDP MLAs on the 4th of this month at Motphran, HSPDP President Bah KP Pangniang told reporters that if the UDP decides to provide These two HSPDP MLAs are ready to support the need for people to form a government.
>Electrical wires connected to the same pole at their respective voltages shall be covered with wire to prevent collision between wires in the event of a breakdown.
He said that when the village leaders and CCMC heard the voice of these families, they held a meeting with the aim of urging the people in the village to help these families. family.
The Dorbar Shnong Pamrapaithlu has congratulated and expressed its gratitude to the leaders of Grassroots Shillong who have been quick to turn to the village to help these families.
“The attackers destroyed a bike, a car and threw stones at the MP's house near the BSF camp of the 71st Battalion of the BSF,” the source said.
There are now 90 doctors and nurses who have tested positive for Covid-19 in India, CNN News 18 reported.
It may be recalled that the pledge was leaked on May 30, 2022, but so far there has been no sign of it.
“We want to ensure that we need to fight from the moment the baby starts to grow inside the mother until they grow up.
The central theme of this celebration is how to build households to promote peace and a society free from danger and fear.
“I request the Police officials not to disturb and harass my family members.
Saleng Sangma supported that the uplifted households should no longer move away from the reception.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that 99% of the construction of these colleges has been completed and the vacancies have been approved to be filled.
On his choice of the VPP, he said the reason is the party led by Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, because he is a clean leader and not afraid to speak the truth.
Shillong, Jymmang: U Bah Michael S.Jyrwa, one of the elders of Laitlyngkot constituency, has sent a letter to the MLA of Sohra constituency, Bah Gavin M.Mylliem requesting him to take action. They also discussed the issues of development of the constituency before the NPP party which is leading the ruling party in the full merger with the party.
The CEM said that he has already allocated and assisted 700 farmers in Nartiang Umladang area.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today sent a petition to the Chief Engineer of MePDCL to demand that the department should pay the bill. Three-year-old daughter of Katbina Iawphniaw and Synsharlang Syiemlieh from Mawkohphet village, South West Khasi Hills District has lost both her hands and is currently undergoing treatment. .
The HNLC has found that some Indian government officials from the RAW are working in Bangladesh and are monitoring the activities of the HNLC. One of them is the brother-in-law of a police chief who is investigating the situation of HNLC members in Bangladesh.
Bah Shanbor expressed his welcome. Both the elders entered the house in the living room.
Under the banner of the Umsning Area River Protection Forum, the residents of the area have met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, to demand that the KHADC should close down the river. Chairman of the union, Bah P.Kylla, said that the CEM has promised to take action after receiving a report from the investigating officers.
“But later, they started not owning these farmland and crossed the border to other neighboring areas,” said the Leningrad youth.
Ko saw Dak, negotiate with the government on the Mawlong metor market area, this is the most important issue of the people.
I can say that, even if the United States, Britain and other wealthy countries come to invest and try to help improve the economy in our country and nation, we are not equal never if we cannot understand this one fact that it is not something outside that needs to change but it is something inside us that needs to change.
At the same time, the Constitution/Letter head was handed over to the Secretary of KSU Kyndong Unit by Samla Phraki, General Secretary of KSU Jowai Circle.
Furthermore, besides the youth, the elderly, the women along with their children also came out to take part.
He said that instead of providing quality education, these training centers are forcing.
The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has opened its office in West Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
“We have donated these tyndong lyer because we are concerned about the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the district and as part of providing support to the poor and needy people who have been infected with the disease and the hospital so that they can use it. I don't need it," said Edystone.
The Committee will also conduct meetings to raise awareness among the meat vendors and butchers to be clean to avoid the spread of any diseases.
Section 3 – Any person who is prohibited under section 2 of this Act, who crosses the Inner Line without obtaining a Pass, the Magistrate may punish him. You shall be sentenced to imprisonment for up to ten years or to a fine not exceeding ten thousand rupees.
They will also have the opportunity to witness during these two days the singing, dancing, dancing and dancing of the Khasi people. , religious dance, ritual dance, siej, kñia Sngei dance, puh lyngkha dance, snieh khla dance, thang-ïap dance, tong dohkha dance, climbing house dance, rain prayer dance, pliang dance, dung khohner dance and many others. who cannot see, and who cannot see, and who cannot see.
In a statement, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, said that the state government has not yet received any reply from the UPSC on this issue.
Jowai, Nailar 26: The JPMF, which is one of the organizations that is concerned about the life and death of our people, has been shocked by the statement of the Chief Secretary of the State Government. , irresponsible speech and speech like allowing India to destroy us minorities.
According to the survey conducted by the government in 2010-2011, 60 percent of the population is poor and 76 percent of the population is landless.
The video, in which Kim is crying, has spread around the world, as he pleads with women to start having more children from now on.
Therefore, it is difficult for farmers who do not have land pattas to borrow money.
In the State, through this scheme, the Clouded Leopard or State Animal has been preserved.
Fr Joachim Ekka, Principal of St. Joseph HSS, elders of Umden, teachers and school children were also present at the ceremony. programs and various performances.
However, for various reasons, due to the changes in the Government from time to time, due to the persecution by the law enforcement authorities, this union of teachers has not been able to withdraw its cover and stand up. a gun; and on the 21st July, 2022, we have decided unanimously to convert this union of teachers into an armed union.
They had to walk to the BJP office without permission from the district administration of East Khasi Hills which has enforced Section 144 CrPc. back to Congress Bhavan.
This is the reason why the discussions and consultations are ongoing.
Of these, only 1706 have been repaired so far and the cost of repair is T.307.63 lakh and T.507.12 lakh has been purchased for new transformers.
It is learned that the school has been under construction for 10 months and some posts have already been erected, but the Assam police from time to time have come to visit and today they have stopped. The construction of this school has been completed.
Sniawbhalang Dhar said the incident happened farther away from Lapangap village.
Shillong, Nailur 4 : Another incident has shocked the death of a Garo youth in Delhi by hanging herself at her residence on 3rd November
“I will do whatever I want and if I am not an MLA, why am I an MLA? “It's a good idea to have a Civil Sub-Division,” said Danggo, who criticized the allegation by others that he resigned as an MLA for personal gain.
The Vice Chairman of the HNLC, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa raised the flag of the HNLC in the presence of other HNLC leaders and some of them sang the song “Ri Hynniewtrep.
To get ideas or lessons for the future generations of such characteristics so that they can set an example, Soso Tham wrote this tree in the form of poetry. personified by this tree.
The union feels that it has been shocked by the actions of this MP. It is also clear that the actions of the MP were planned and that there was an agreement with the state government because that is right. The state government and the MP have asked the state government and the MP to come forward and explain why they have opposed the resolutions sent to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
In an email sent to the Chief Minister recently, the “Lawei ba Phyrngai” group, which claims to be a terrorist group formed by 37 unemployed youths, has threatened to blow up bombs every month. effective January 1, 2022.
Furthermore, as the Minister of Education, he should have taken action to issue a notification that schools, colleges and universities should have special subjects and books so that the children of Hynniewtrep can learn their language. Your History is unique.
Time has passed and years have passed from one year to another, and it has been seen that this traditional religion has begun to become a minority religion in our country.
I urge the leaders of the FKJGP that just apologizing is not enough and I urge them to convict and hand over those riewshongshit to the hands of the law.
“Many government ministers and senior officers have been smuggling their jobs in the name of others because their government law does not allow them and as it turns out, Mukul's law does not have any such provision to “It's a good idea to punish them,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Regarding children, the Government of India does not have any vaccine and once the vaccine is available, the Government will issue an announcement.
The party has urged the youth of Meghalaya to help the party to restore the glory of the state as the former corrupt leaders have left the party just because they steal money and money. strength.
He said that at this stage of the demarcation, the two committees have discussed only three sectors - Desh Doomreah, Nongwah Mawtamur and Borduar.
“Such things have never happened where only Khasi are elected.
The tournament was held at Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong in the shooting competitions including 10 meter Air Pistol, 10 Meter Air Rifle, 25 Meter Sports Pistol, 25 Meter Standard Pistol, 50 Meter Small Bore. .
The KIA/KIO is one of the armed groups in Manipur which has not taken part in signing the Suspension of Operations Agreement with the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bevan said that the young woman who was raped has the right to speak out to the media about her incident.
Two brothers from Nongtalang Mission village, Amlarem constituency, West Jaintia Hills District have been famous in the field of music since the lockdown.
This will be the first time that the Nongpoh Traffic Police will conduct this inspection and this inspection will be a strong warning to those drivers who violate the rules laid down by the Traffic Police in various places. .
Shillong, Nailur 26: U President of the FKJGP, Bah Joe Marwein, has resigned from the party after serving for many years to return to the 2018 elections.
This has created problems for the people because this is the life and death of the people.
He then showed a gold medal around his neck and a badge worn by Arnold Schwarzengger, which is no longer used, worth £52,7
Two candidates have applied for the ticket from Sohra, Bah Rang and Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, but last month the Congress announced the ticket for Bah Donevan Kharwanlang. MLA and MDC elections in Sohra.
Nongstoin, Lber 23: After suspected GNLA militants detonated an IED bomb in Bokchung village in the past few days; On the other hand, the West Khasi Hills Police have not stopped, but have been following up to search for the suspected GNLA involved in the bomb blast.
"The 12 areas in the middle of the border dispute cannot be left behind just because the government has not yet decided on the border of which area belongs to which state," he said. said.
He also urged Minot to work hard in any job because now all kinds of jobs have a struggle.
However, he criticized the Congress for delaying the elections, saying, “It has not yet appointed its own person, while others have resigned immediately”.
These refugees may be returned to the country from which they first fled if it is possible to do so.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “I don't know why this issue has come up at a time when the government is talking about other issues. on the border issue and other issues related to the 50th anniversary of the state but it is sad that people have such issues”.
“I don't agree with this rule for those under 75 years old.
Therefore, the UDP should be led so that the people can see that there will be a great change in the state in all aspects”.
Aizawl: U Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of Mizoram, today said that if the Indian government brings back the CAB, the people of the North East, including the political parties, will be happy. The political parties, the State Governments and the people as a whole, should fight strongly against such a law.
I have sent letters to the village three times but the invitation for talks has not been accepted so I have appointed them to implement the work,” said the Dolloi.
Narendra Modi also announced that the frontline workers and fighters in the fight against Covid-19 will have to get the Precaution Dose from the 10th of this month. July 2022 and those who have reached the age of 60 years and above and who have various illnesses, the Precaution Dose for them will be given from 10th July after consultation. from their treating physicians.
Shillong, July 02: Sohra Cricket Lovers have become the first team to qualify for the final of the District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA).
Police investigation revealed that three persons raided Uddin's house at 2.45 pm and robbed him.
My husband is a knowledgeable person.
In this incident, about 18 crosses in the cemetery where people were buried many years ago were broken.
After receiving a tip on the incident, police rushed to the scene and the investigation is ongoing to track down the driver of the vehicle who fled the scene. .
Speaking to Rupang, the Mylliem MLA said, “I am saying this with the knowledge and understanding that there is no intention to give land to the army”.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umkra, Bah PS Umbah, the elders of the village and others were present to inspect the incident.
Under the guidelines of Mission Vatsalya, there will be special CCIs for children who have been victims of POCSO for the rehabilitation and support of these children.
In fact, the government's extension of appointment expired on 31st July 2015 and now the government has extended the appointment for another six months.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Rocky A Marwein who was also the chief guest, along with Bah Moses Syngkli, Rangbah Shnong of Jyntru and other elders of the Jyntru. region.
Jowai: One of the heads of Amrit Cement Limited, Umlaper near Mynkre in Lumshnong, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police on charges of illegally arresting 8 employees of the Dewbilat Production Company.
Jowai, June 21: The Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) on Tuesday said that the Ratacherra Weight Bridge (KJNU) in East Jaintia Hills District has been misused. According to Marshal Biam, leader of the NEIPF, they should take money from the trucks passing through the bridge. In fact, they should take according to the directives of the government and not take too much.
The opening of these nursing colleges will increase the number of people who have received training in the field of nursing.
Linda, on the other hand, is smaller in appearance but is well-built and respectful.
“Such a big project has to be taken together with the decision of the people involved because the government does not want to use force, because it is a matter that can lead to instability. enjoy".
The LMC was set up by the MNF government in 2022 under the leadership of Prime Minister Zoramthanga.
"The attendance of employees in East Khasi Hills is 93 per cent," said Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal, adding that others who did not attend were on leave and some were sick.
Speaking to reporters after filing his nomination papers as the NPP candidate from Umsning Constituency, Bah Jason S.Mawlong said, “Besides other needs of the people, “The first issue he will address if the people elect him again as the leader is also to fulfill the need to upgrade the College of Agriculture to the Central Agricultural University which does not exist in Kyrdemkulai,” he said. .
If it is a tyrso seed, if it is planted in the ground, it will become a tyrso; if it is a sohniamtra seed, when it sprouts from the ground, it will become a sohniamtra.
People over 65 years of age, people with other illnesses, poor mothers and children under 10 years of age are advised to stay at home.
The 15th Finance Commission of the Government has allocated Rs 2 crore for the construction of the footpath, parking lot and decorated fences. India, through the council.
“As of now, the World Health Organization has announced that a new virus has emerged.
Shillong, November 6: The CEC meeting of the HSPDP will be held on the 8th of this month at 2 pm at the residence of its President Ardent Basaiawmoit, Lad Nongkrem.
Adani and Ambani have complete control.
in the court you prestone you all all.
Until now, the village has been living on agriculture to trade in soh ki pai, kwai, tympew as well as sohmrit and tyrpad leaves.
Humanity is a vast field, whose length and breadth cover the whole of life: whose breadth and depth covers from the beginning to the end of human life. .
Lapang said that his achievements in the past decades have not been given by the AICC, but he reminded that the Congress wants the former leaders to Lapang reminded that Rahul Gandhi does not want to continue as the leader of the MPPC until the end of the state assembly elections in June
He said that the people are now facing many challenges because the leaders who have sworn to serve the people have not done anything for the income and development of the people. health, education, water supply, employment of the people.
Wouldn't this be a threat to the crowd in front of the DC's office? It is worth mentioning that there was no preparation before the curfew and since yesterday there has been a large gathering in front of the DC's office to collect the Curfew Passes.
What will happen to the poor, the rich, and the ignorant?
In another match, Lion SC beat Chilliangraij 3-1
It is also true that Byrnihat PHC is one of the most important health centres, which serves about 50,000 people in the area. There are 30 beds for the PHC and 30 beds for the residents of Assam, who used to come for treatment at the PHC and how much more now that it has been upgraded to the status of CHC. spirit will be increased.
Australian Lachlan Conway will face Anthony Syiem in the fight.
It was therefore decided that it would be better to hold a Common Platform and that this work could be completed in one day/night.
She has directed all the Co-Ordinating Officers to collect these new questions from the Board offices in Tura and Shillong on the 3rd November and distribute them to the schools under the jurisdiction. Deposit Center two hours before the start of the examination on the 4th November.
Referring to the benefits of the herbalists' contribution to the society, u Bah Donbor said that their job is not only to treat people but also to treat the environment. to plant, bury and maintain the forest so that the plant can survive and be used.
On the other hand, the Sitting MLA, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, who is also the NPP candidate, said that other candidates, if they win, you will see but if they lose, you will not see them. As a person who has not been in public administration for decades, he will be involved with the people.
Diego Maradona, the world's biggest star, but his last days were very difficult.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples – Jowai Town Circle, under the leadership of its President, Bah Dinovert Challam together with its members visited the Children Home at Khihmusniang. Jowai.
The top teams in the round-robin stage will qualify for the final, and the matches will be held at the Chyasal Stadium in Lalitpur.
The owner sent him to work on Monday.
The dorbar will sit for three days.
Shillong, Lber 25: A 14-year-old girl has gone missing from the home of Miss.
A company that can no longer pay its employees by its own income – that is, by income – can no longer operate and must auction itself.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The MDC of Nongpoh, Kong Rona Khymdeit, on Tuesday said that the judges of the District Council Court and Addl.Judges should put lights in their vehicles because they are not able to do so. Judges need to be adequately protected for their lives and because the decisions they make are often related to the actions of the wicked.
“This illegal smuggling of minerals such as coal and coal to the coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills has escaped payment of taxes to the State Government due to the lack of check gates. DMR, JHADC to check the goods transported into the factories,” said Bah Pasi.
Furthermore, Bah Metbah said that this celebration gives the residents the opportunity to look back at the past of the state, its journey of development in many aspects through the years and decades. and it is also an opportunity to think about how to further develop the state in the next 50 years.
Earlier, Bah Nongrum said that as a member he has the right to raise and discuss any issue in the Legislative Assembly, and that according to the rules he has the right to raise this issue. The issue related to the CAG report was to be discussed in the dorbar, but the Lamphang blocked and deprived them of the right to information.
Finally, whether you say you are doing politics or not, we will stand up for our own because we love our own and respect others.
He said that although I have the talent to sing, it all ends up in myself because I don't have the opportunity like others, even if I want to in my life.
“Among the shikurs who are not Thlen, there is only one or two who are happy to live there.
By SKN“Everything used in this story, whether it is the names of people, places, time and others, is the author's imagination.
Only ambulances have been allowed to travel on all roads in Ri-Bhoi District, especially the highway from Jorabat. to Umiam, Ri-Bhoi District, he added.
However, the Forest Department has banned them from doing so.
He said that with the rise of India in the world and the rise of the country's power, the Indian Police Force should have a transformation into a modern police force in order to achieve the goal of having India will develop before
“What we are preparing now is to shut down the names of our candidates who will contest the 2023 election,” said Bah PN Syiem.
After several days of heavy rains in the state which has caused floods, landslides and natural disasters which has caused severe loss not only to livelihoods but especially to property. loss of precious human souls.
Shillong: The Department of Telecommunications (DoT), North East LSA will hold another digital meeting on the Prime Minister's Wi-Fi Access Network Interface (PM-WANI) on 21st November,
“If the song Jana Gana Mana, the national anthem, was composed by a Bengali, the word Jai Hind was first produced by a Bengali and the whole of India does not own it. AITC from West Bengal will be accused of being a Bengali party,” she said.
When it comes to education in our state, it becomes a big challenge if we say that we have to move forward with the times.
Laitjem CC won by 17 runs and Anthony Pathaw was named Player of the Match.
Rani said the decision to implement the NEP from 2023-24 is illegal as it has not been approved by the Academic Council, a body empowered in relation to education. .
recognized university/institution).
The Apostle Paul urged believers in Christ to reach out for glory.
Shillong, June 25 : U Vincent H Pala, MP and President of the MPCC, on Monday announced that he will contest the MLA election from Sutnga-Saipung constituency. After the election, Bah Shitlang Pale joined the Trinamool Congress.
Benny said that the tour will feature 22 songs, which will entertain music lovers in England and will sing new and old songs, such as Dancing Queen, as well as others.
Besides, the land must be more than 50 acres, it must also be 100 meters away from rivers, 200 meters from water sources, 200 meters from roads, villages, public parks and water sources.
“The work is ongoing and we are preparing and shaping how we can treat teachers in terms of political participation,” said Bah Lahkmen.
“It is shocking to see that the State Government instead of reading carefully and taking action on the findings mentioned in Para 34 of the Commission's report, has tried to delay this work or “It has tried to protect those involved in the raid by saying that it will seek clarification from the Tactical Team-I according to the Memorandum of Action mentioned in the investigation report,” said the Seng.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “Besides the Sixth Schedule, the Central Government should also empower the people of Hynniewtrep by implementing Article 371 (A) & (G). as in other states of Nagaland and Mizoram”.
Heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused floods and landslides in many parts of East and West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
The family decided to stay away from the village after their daughter returned from Shillong.
She is studying at St Joseph Higher Secondary School and scored 97.2%, beating 17,000 other candidates.
The vehicles involved in the accident include a truck AS 01 FC 6247 and a jeep kit um registration number ML 04 3918 while another truck was damaged. come to be pulled over by the police to relieve traffic.
The union said that the installation of smart meters will cause problems to the low income and low educated consumers as there is no guarantee that the electricity bill will be low. packed as it should be.
In the letter, the party also urged the CM not to pass the ILP to Meghalaya as it has to Manipur.
Those who do not distribute the goods or who distribute less or supply bad food should inform the office of the District Head.
“If the state government has been warned by the Central Government departments to ensure that the illegally mined coal from the state should not be allowed to be exported on the grounds that it is illegal coal. “The government should have taken action to check every truck carrying coal, and to check all those who apply for permission to export coal,” he said. by the High Court.
They also surrendered their weapons in front of the SP in the presence of MDC Doly K Sangma, UCPF Leader Panpan Sangma, religious leaders. and community leaders.
Umsning Town UP and Secondary School charges up to 1400 per student and even Govt LP School charges T.600 for Class A students and T.800 for Class A students. 1 above and other schools also charge according to their own prices.
Where is the Expert's Committee and when will it work and how long will it last or will it disappear like many committees of the Conrad Sangma government which have disappeared without fulfilling their duties.
A time of troubles not only for the Jews but for the whole world.
On Friday, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Johnathan Shylla unveiled the poster of the festival.
On Friday, the district authorities of West Khasi Hills destroyed 11 illegal coal burning factories while on Thursday they destroyed seven.
He also distributed assistance to 30 Farmer Producer Groups under the FOCUS program in Denamingre, East Garo Hills.
The application is as follows – Invites application from eligible Indian citizens for the followingvacancies.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Minister of Tourism and Arts and Culture, Mr Paul Lyngdoh, today said that the ancient market at Nongkseh Upper Shillong will be connected by cable car.
Their wait and tolerance has ended and now it is the turn of violence and resistance, said a statement from Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
The Myntdu River is the source of drinking water for the city of Jowai, but this river has become polluted and unsuitable for human use as drinking water.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing.
Former Garo National Council (GNC) MDC Augustine Marak, who was present on the occasion, said that he came to support the demand for Tura to become the capital during the rainy season. it’s grounded with a long story.
Shillong: The Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Umswai, West Karbi Anglong District, Assam has held a special program for the students of Class XI and XII on the 6th and 7th of November
The perpetrators are from Mairang and Nangkhlaw areas along with some people from Jirang and Dkhars from Assam.
The Principal Secretary, Health, Government of Meghalaya, Sampath Kumar, IAS, who was the Guest of Honour at the event, said that at one time malaria was spreading in Meghalaya, but thanks to the hard work of the government, Starting from the districts of Garo Hills (the highest incidence of malaria at that time), malaria has decreased rapidly due to the lack of early detection and aggressive anti-malarial medicines.
Meghalaya had scored 295 runs for 34 runs in the first innings and took the lead by 221 runs.
BD Mishra, Governor of Manipur LA Ganesan, Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of Tripura Biplab Kumar Dev, Chief Minister of Nagaland Neiphiu Rio, Prime Minister N. Biren Singh, Union Minister of State for Law and Justice Kiren Rijijuji, Union Minister of State for DoNER and Cooperation, BL Verma, Minister Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment Kumari Pratima Bhowmik, Union Minister of State for Labor and Employment Rameshwar Teli, Mizoram Tourism Minister Robert Romawia Royte and Sikkim Tourism Minister BS Panth.
The shaba and tyrso seeds also contain nitrogen.
Children from various schools of the city performed dances, songs and performances.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Monitoring and Implementation Committee of the 19th Shillong South Constituency on Tuesday held a meeting with the Puja Committees at the Community Hall of RLSSCO in Bishnupur Shillong.
It was during her childhood that her family moved to Glasgow, Scotland where she attended school and completed her college studies.
India made the remarks at the UN Human Rights Council Review Meeting, where officials from India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka expressed their views and suggestions.
It is said that several countries, after seeing the war between Russia and Ukraine, have decided to join NATO because of the threats facing them from large countries such as Russia and Ukraine. who can attack them at any time.
The fire broke out on the 8th of this month at Thangraiñ village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, the District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued a notice under Section 144 Cr.
According to the 2011 Census, the population of Meghalaya is 29.67 lakh; The number of males is 1,491,832 and the number of females is 1,475,0
Believers may attend online meetings for unavoidable reasons but when the opportunity arises to attend meetings, we should not say no or delay and we should not become thousands only in serving online.
“The Dandi March has shocked the world, starting with 80 people, but has brought out thousands of others to fight against the British government,” he said.
The date of census of the age or year of registration on the Electoral Roll will be on 1st July,
Among those arrested include TMC leader Richard M Marak, BJP leader Dilche Ch.
Shillong: Shillong MP Vincent H Pala of the Lok Sabha on Tuesday said that the border dispute between the North Eastern States has become terrible since the new Government led by the newly appointed Government. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has accepted the rule of law in Assam.
Phudumbah SC didn't have a chance to score a goal until the end of the first half.
However, there are these thoughts that hurt our souls.
However, this is a request to those who have succeeded well in English to contribute in their own language when it comes to their own language.
On the occasion, the Minister said that the proposal to bring casinos in the state has expired, is dead and those who have received provisional licenses will also expire on November 28 and 29 so there will be no casinos. “It's a renewal,” said the Principal Secretary.
When asked how much he charges for medicine, he said it depends on the type of disease. For those who do not have children, it costs T.1000 tyngka once a month and they have to drink for three months. get a child.
Why don't they do the same now, why only in the presidential rule?”, asked the Sohra MLA.
Other speakers included T.Bn.
In the past few years, the synrai and tlang festivals have been held and the attendance has been terrible.
Hundreds of people including parents and youth have joined the VPP.
Wearing juti and muja not only protects your children's feet from injury and dirt, but it also ensures that your children are protected from insects. who cannot dwell in these places.
We live in the age of light and we have to keep up with the changing times.
Therefore, the people should think carefully about this because it is a very serious matter especially in terms of their election campaign,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, July 08: The Mawrusyiar Youth & Cultural Club (MYCC) has concluded its 50th Anniversary Celebration on Saturday.
Citing the example of the elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, Ronnie said voters from religious and minority groups have rejected the BJP because of its way of working.
The final match between these two teams will be played on 29th November
Speaking on the occasion, the LNPC, one of the organizations which is fighting and continues to fight to bring its land to Jaintia Hills Meghalaya, through its Secretary MM Thaiang, urged the residents to He urged the residents of Labang Nangphyllut Pangam Raliang to have the cooperation of the surrounding villagers and to unite as one when such incidents happen. and in the demand to bring this area within the border of Jaintia Hills Meghalaya.
The meeting was led by the Organizing Secretary of the Khasi Students Union Shillong Eastern Circle, Samla Banjop Dkhar, while the Labor Inspector of Shillong City, Kong Eva War, was led by the Organizing Secretary of the Khasi Students Union Shillong Mihngi Circle. The Shillong Municipal Board was chaired by Bah Shem Kharlor and Bah Mathew Syiem.
Shillong: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) has filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court regarding the delay in payment of arrears to SSA teachers for up to five months. from 1st November, 2016 to 28th June, 2017 for the year 2016-1
The ethnic minorities of the state still have confidence in these ADCs and still want to be governed by their own customs and beliefs.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Police have arrested two persons from Nongkwai village, Pynursla PS. The arrested were identified as Iaishah Khongkliem (18) and Jhin Sumer (21).
The KHADC has also decided to set up a special room to receive complaints and suggestions from the residents of Iewduh. It has set up a special room prepared by the Special Officer. To receive complaints from the residents of Iewduh, the residents of Iewduh should complain to Bah B.Diengdoh at room No.217 or by phone at Your phone number is
These Congress supporters include former Congress MDC Moya Darnei and his followers, while UDP MDC Zosiama Thianglai, who used to be the MDC candidate from Saipung Constituency in
We only give pylleng twice a month,” she said, adding that the reason is that the government's allocation is too small for each child.
“The BJP is part of the Government and stands by any decision taken by the Government for the benefit of the people,” he added.
The Crystal Gayle Memorial Award 2022 was awarded at the Governor's Palace.
Besides, the foundation stone has been laid for the construction of the Tura Integrated Hospitality and Convention Centre, said the NPP.
Shillong, July 13: U Bah K Plasting Pangniang, MLA of Ram Brai, who resigned as an MDC from the Government of Meghalaya, has said that the MLA of Ram Brai, Bah K Plasting Pangniang, The decision of the Governor to appoint Bah Pynshngain N Syiem shows that the government has passed a law.
However, after learning that the soldier had been taken to the police station, troops under the leadership of Army Duty Officer, Capt Vikrant Sharma, entered the Madanriting police station and arrested him.
They were seized and used only when he ordered his personnel to seize these vehicles as they were parked at the Police Officer Mess or MPRO Complex but all the keys were kept at the residence of AIG(A).
Felix Synnah, Chairman of the Christmas Carol Committee, Ladrymbai Parish, said that hundreds of believers from the parish and other parishes will attend the Christmas Carol.
Srinagar, March 17: There has been another raising of the flag of ISIS militants, after Tuesday prayers. ISIS fighters, in parts of the Jamia Mosque.
Jowai, Nailar 8: The employees of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) who have not received their salaries for more than five months, have not refused to work for the benefit of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB). the poor who live in the city.
In a heated argument, the MGU leaders had to surrender in front of the KSU MGU Unit and that happened that the MGU leaders had to listen to the demand of the KSU, who demanded to increase the price of for the awarding of syrnot from T.28 thousand to T.8 thousand.
Previously, the drugs had to be sent to Kolkata, Hyderabad and Chhattisgarh for months.
The village leaders have informed the MLA of the area, Bah HM Shangpliang, to find ways and means to protect them from the problem. There is a hole in the Umngi River.
Robertjune, a former leader of the party, who graduated as a lawyer from NEHU, said that the lack of unity among the ethnic parties has led to other foreign parties to rule in the state. this state.
The ceremony was held at Mawkhar Christian High School, Shillong and Pa'iem Sing Syiem of Mylliem Hima was the chief guest.
Shillong: The MDC of Tura Constituency, Bernard Marak, who is also the State BJP Vice President, on Tuesday said that the constituency where the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma is an MLA has faced many problems. The reason is that the schemes from the central government do not reach the people.
The arrested suspect was identified as Prem R Sangma, a snar from Byrnihat, who was on his way from Tura to Shallang with the intention of smuggling weapons. shooting at the wildlife groups in the area.
Railingson Dhar of Nongbareh Lyntiar 'B' LP School, Shonty Shylla of Kharkhana UP School in Amalarem Block were also awarded prizes. , Marka Suchaing of Maitlein UP School of Laskein Block, Saaty Giri Dkhar of Kiang Nangbah LP School, Mukhla and Kyrmenlang Lyngdoh of Ladthadlaboh UP School received the awards. their hard work.
Kohima: The Working Committee of the Naga National Political Group (NNPG) has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal to sign a social agreement between the state governments of Assam and Nagaland for the distribution of oil and the settlement of the border. share.
The union also warned that the employees of the bank should work properly and come to the bank.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The UDP MLA from Nongthymmai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that the speech of the Chief Minister is like setting fire to the state which is in the midst of terrible turmoil.
Regarding the problem of the students of the school, the residents of the village said that the children who attend the school are not at peace, because during the rainy season they have to eat pump water and in the During the rainy season, they have to walk through the hands and if it rains heavily, they have to walk through the water that has flowed in the area where the school is located.
New Delhi: Home Minister Amit Shah has returned to hospital and this time he is undergoing treatment at AIIMS in New Delhi.
What we need to do is tackle this challenge in front of us.
God's Word says, “Your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his eyes from you, that he will not hear” Isaiah 59:2 .
Therefore, after handing over this to the Water Resource of Mawkyrwat Division, it has brought joy to the farmers as it has improved the working methods and as farmers they have had the opportunity to I have met with the Executive Engineer of Water Resource in the past years and he too has promised to do whatever is necessary to supply water to the fields through the water pipes which have been available as requested. It is true that his promises are only to deceive the farmers or only to promise without yielding anything until now.
In the complaint, they said that five of them have been videotaped and another 50-year-old woman has been videotaped. father and brother of the young woman, 20; However, they were shot dead by the crowd, because they opposed the rape of the young girl and after that, the crowd, did, as they pleased and pleased them, until they completely absorbed.
This village is very important in West Khasi Hills District as it is strong in jhur cultivation as well as rice cultivation.
In human nature, it often makes a person wonder why he lives happily and why he lives alone.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: After the turmoil in the KHADC, the UDP leaders have urged all the ARPA allies to remain united until the end of the five years as agreed.
Shillong, November 30: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Thursday held a rally and march from Motphran to the State Central Library at the Sahnam statue of Kiang Nongbah as part of the celebration of TMC leader and former MP Kirti Azad has expressed his opposition to the Prime Minister's speech on the value of the traditional Khasi dress. Narendra Modi, who was dressed in Khasi costume during his visit to Shillong on the 18th of this month.
The Son of God spoke to the people of the world in the four Gospels from Matthew to John.
“On the concern raised by the KHADC regarding the cases of ethnic minorities, the Minister said that the state government has already made it clear that there is no question of postponing the case against ethnic minorities. According to para 4 of the Sixth Schedule, such cases shall be dealt with by the Courts of the District Councils.
She explained that at this time there are still many changes in the physical and mental behavior of children and this can affect their lives and behaviour.
Three MDCs – Holando Lamin, Het Pohthmi, Gilroy Tariang, Sharon Paswet and Lakhon Dkhar were also present.
Meanwhile, in the case of contractors in the state, many of them are not qualified to get jobs and also the contractors are not qualified when the contractors work from one contract to another and for this reason the Ministry of Labor In 1996, it directed the State Governments to set up Welfare Boards for the day laborers in which the day laborers will be included in the Building and Other Construction Workers Act, and all the benefits of the employees are included in this Act.
However, there were other languages, which were recognized, even though they did not meet the necessary requirements.
Three members of the KSU have been accused of shooting a foreigner who was a driver.
“We Mizos are the lost nation of Israel and we need to make our voice heard to the Indian government”.
He urged the public from pedestrians to drivers to be careful at this time to avoid injuries on the road.
In these letters, it was threatened that the GNLA's top leader, Sohan D Shira, will send his men to kill those who fight against him and those involved in forcing many of its members to surrender. The GNLA is also searching for Jaynie N Sangma, the leader of the Women's Wing in Tura, for allegedly leading the youth to surrender. himself.
Former Indian Prime Minister P Chidambaram wrote on Twitter that there could be more bad news today on the relationship between the RBI and the Indian government.
The Government should seek information and witnesses from anyone who knows anything about these types of activities, so that the government authorities can investigate thoroughly, to help those who have suffered severely or have been affected. these are the things.
This post was vacated by the retirement of SN Sidramappa on 29th June.
Elections to the Pakistani Parliament were held last month.
When they are ripe, they put the food on the leaf and leave it in the forest.
The incident in Ichamati is an incident that happened in the state and there is no need for the interference of foreigners, said Bah Shullai.
He said that out of the 21,48,095 residents, 18,45,631 (77.79 per cent) are from rural areas and 3,03,464 (50.87 per cent) are from urban areas.
Speaking to Rupang, the farmers said that during the public hearing, they were promised to deliver the money in July. When we asked for information, the answer was that the money has not reached the central government to the state government. “There are also farmers who have already taken the loan with the expectation that they will return the money after receiving the land fee,” said a farmer from Umñiuh-Tmar village.
“However, the final test report has not been received yet,” said the team of doctors.
He also urged the students to provide selfless service for the patients who really need their help.
The Sohkha Village Durbar and the Sohkha Village Durbar also honored Bah DP Wahlang.
Wisdom and understanding are not limited to those who have wealth.
I appreciate the speech of Maduh Prestone even though his speech is very good for the farmers.
“Peace and order is the responsibility of the district authorities of the State Government...I feel that whatever should be done, should be done according to the law.
They were arrested with a 9mm and 7.65mm pistols.
A donation was also made to the children who will participate in the championship in Madhya Pradesh.
Even now that the BJP government is in power, the minorities are humiliated whether they are Muslims or Christians. Good Governance Day on the 25th of November which is a special day for Christians,” said the statement.
Onio Sutnga scored a hat-trick for Sutnga SSCC to win the 3rd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy in the Super Division Football Tournament. Association (EJHDSA).
Speaking to Rupang, Titos said the meeting with Conrad was very pleasant and he promised to hold a meeting with the officers tomorrow. He said that Conrad has listened carefully and promised to do whatever is necessary.
Among the victims, Bilkis Bano survived and with the faith in the justice she hoped to get from the court, Bilkis Bano fought until the murderers and rapists were brought to justice.
In a letter sent to the CM, Bah Adelbert said that he has received many complaints from the students that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.SK Srivastava has not paid attention to the problems of the students. forced to conduct the examination.
A Delhi court on June 24 confirmed that Rohit Shekhar is Tiwari's son.
“Business and lack of time cannot hire employees,” said the father.
“The Eastern Border Sports Association has not done anything and this shows that it has no desire to encourage or assist in the development of clubs from its own region.
The IQAC of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai in collaboration with Woodland WK Hospital conducted a one-day training on cancer on Friday.
This is the right time for local and foreign investors and also the food industry to seize the opportunities available in the Indian food industry that will bring about a better future the world and the development of India.
This order was issued after receiving the report from the Supply Department.
The Advisor and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States has handed over to the MP the documents relating to the IOA & AA which shows that this work remains to be completed by the Union Ministry of Home Affairs. The Assembly of the Khasi States was inaugurated by the Governor of Assam on 28th April
“The problem of upgrading the roads to National Highways is due to the problem of land but the government has taken action and recently I have held a meeting in Baghmara and I have received information that soon “The land will be allocated for the construction of roads in Garo Hills,” said Rakkam.
Nongpoh, Naitung 27 : The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP), one of the oldest political parties in Ri-Bhoi, today held a meeting of its Central Executive Committee to drop the old flag of the party. and to unveil a new flag of blue and white during the 25th anniversary of the party, with the aim of strengthening the work of the various Circles and Zones of the party. you are not Ri-Bhoi.
To campaign for elections, when we listen, we don't have to look at anyone, because if we look at one Syiem, then all the Syiems will be happy to campaign, and if we look at one Syiem, U Pastor, so other pastors will also be afraid to canvas and if we accuse those who work in politics, are thieves and robbers, then those who are good and not stupid, will be afraid to join in the canvas. politics and if we say that those who work in politics are drunkards, prostitutes and so on and this will allow such people to get involved in politics.
In Pool A, Nangbah Iawmusiang has been confirmed for the semifinals and will have to wait a few matches before reaching the semifinals.
They are people who still hold and maintain their tradition, they take their race from their mothers, and a strong custom, the Lngam do not allow to marry the children, if they find them they will lose all their income, the the earth is shaken, and they shall fall immediately without forgiveness.
We do not serve only with words but with deeds as promised to the people.
ASAK is a member of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and is led by former GNLA Finance Secretary Reding T Sangma.
Moreover, in the world today, they want to talk about themselves more than others.
Together with the state government, the central government and the NDMA, the authorities hope that all the workers outside will be able to be evacuated, as removing the soil and rocks that have fallen inside is a danger. lest there be any more trouble.
Benny Gants'z, who leads the Blue and White Party, is slightly ahead of Netanyahu's Likud.
The Department of Revenue and Disaster Management (SDRF) has spent Rs 23.7 crore, the Revenue and Disaster Management (PM CARES) has spent Rs 3.5 crore, the Chief Minister's Relief Fund has spent Rs 7.4 crore, the Chief Minister's Special Grant has spent Rs 14.7 crore. The Department has spent Rs 51 crore, the Department of Mining & Geology (DMF) has spent Rs 8.9 crore, the Community & Rural Development and Urban Affairs (SRWP & SUWP) has spent Rs 15.1 crore and the Urban Affairs Department has spent Rs 3.5 crore.
This prayer of blessing should not be misunderstood as the ritual of the Sacrament of Confirmation of the Catholic Church,” said the Vicar General.
In the second match which started at 2 pm, Mawtawar SC won the title by beating Marbisu SC 3-1 goals.
It is also unfortunate that the poor, if they are slow or unable to pay their electricity bill for several months, have been severely punished by the government.
“If this happens, we farmers will lose our crops and even lose the ability to plant rice seeds for next year,” she said.
The meeting was conducted by Bah RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, in the presence of election officials and leaders from various political parties.
The Government's decision came after protests against the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District recently ordering that all shops and street vendors in Shillong should be closed. they are supposed to close at 10 pm.
On the 30th of May, 1862, Kiang was arrested at Ïawmusiang.
Nongpoh, June 04: As one of the objectives to reduce the number of accidents on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) Ri Bhoi District Police will soon implement radium reflectors for public vehicles and government vehicles in Ri Bhoi.
In connection with the dress, the song also suggests the perseverance of many who have gone through difficulties and sufferings in their lives.
Besides these incidents, the WKHD in 2015, has experienced many incidents of attack by armed groups from Garo Hills especially in the Shallang area and other areas on the border of the WKHD. , there have also been kidnappings and extortion of money from the residents of these areas by various groups.
What the British divided in 1890 through the divide and rule policy was to try to restore, in fact.
This government museum is the oldest museum in Meghalaya.
Therefore, the existence of a Higher Secondary School run by the Government will be a blessing to the families,” he said. the welfare of school children in the Nongthliew area.
This greed for wealth has reached their bones and they no longer see the poverty of others.
Kyrsiew Ryngkhlem, from Wapung Skur, is a woman who makes organic fertilizers and said that now many people are looking for this fertilizer because it is The sale of organic fertilizer is a good source of income for her.
In this letter, the ECI has directed the party to choose the symbol from among the free symbols set by the ECI. The Symbol of the Party shall be submitted to the ECI at the time of registration as a Party.
Referring to the match held at Madan Heh, the Under 14 players of Iewrynghep Sec.School started the tournament with a comfortable victory over Rynli U.P.School by scoring 5 goals. 0 col.
They said that at first there were only one or two who went to become Daju in the market, but after other friends saw the income, they started following until I don't have 30 people.
The Qualifier 2 will be played on 12/12/2023 at 1 pm between R.Skhenshynriah SC and R.Iawpynsing SC. The Final will be played on 15/12/2
Mann has been so angry that he has taken a strong decision to order the Punjab Police to arrest and detain him immediately. Minister.
“According to the information received from the police, there was a fight between the two cases and the fight reached the police station where they came to lodge an FIR. The second group wanted to file an FIR, but in the end, the second group did not allow the first group to file an FIR,” she said.
While the government is encouraging foreigners to visit the state, the same government is discouraging those who earn a living.
In reply, Kevin Christopher tied for 88 runs off 188 balls including 4 fours.
Because it has been seen from time to time and it can be said that it happens almost every day the police have fined the vehicles.
Minister Passsh PHF, Club Secretary Rtn.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said, “The CM's Solar Mission will bring about changes in the way of raising funds to support the mission.
Nongpoh, July 12 : The Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Ri Bhoi District today lodged a complaint with the District Transport Officer of Ri Bhoi District to take action against the allegation that the There are those who take advantage of the public just for the sake of obtaining vehicle licenses and other documents related to vehicles.
The program is scheduled to be held at the MCA Cricket Ground in Polo at 3 pm.
The EJNC leader said that the EJNC demands from the government and the JHADC which is in charge of the river to appoint an independent inquiry team to find out the facts on this change of colour. river.
He also thanked the Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat for their contribution in the development of tourism.
“This EC is the weakest and has no working principles and has no responsibility to discuss the life and death of the council,” said Ma Lakhon Biam. This is the reason why even the SAG funds have been mismanaged to pay salaries to the employees of the council up to T.16 crore.
So he couldn't help but teach at the school.
The outbreak of the war has also killed thousands of people and threatened to spread to the United States and Iran as well because of their business relations.
The meeting hopes for the participation of Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang leaders, religious leaders and others, especially in order to remove the shame of the area after the tragic incident against the the chief police officer.
I believe that the Synod is not against or against when they take part in politics, but they have to choose only one because they have been sworn in as a pastor and when they hear the call to stand for election. They should resign themselves and not wait until the Synod says so.
However, at that time, the BSF troops, who were not wearing uniforms, came and asked the youths if the vehicle was bad, but the BSF troops did not understand the story of these youths. and at that time they beat the children with sticks.
"# R.W.6.
At 3:00 pm, while the rain continued to fall, it was found that vehicles had to pass through the water in Polo area near the road leading to JN Complex and also to Pynthor. .
The GreenTech Foundation Meghalaya India is one of the groups working for a clean environment by conducting cleaning drives across the villages in the state.
Shillong Lajong's next match will be played on the 14th of this month against United SC in Shillong and the match is scheduled to be played at the First Ground, Polo. plastic wasn’t ready in time, so this game had to be taken away.
“Not only for Meghalaya but for all the states in the region and I am confident that in the next five years we will get the full support of the Central Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister. I will come to fulfill our oath,” said Conrad.
Dhar said he will also convene a meeting to discuss the eviction of the residents of Sweepers' Colony from Mawlong Market.
“People of Pynursla don't be deceived and I am sure if you were deceived I would have won this MLA election 2023 but you have honored me by winning honor me and let the Pynursla Constituency win. “It's a mistake to say that Conrad is bad, Prestone is a traitor but the people of Pynursla don't know what to do,” he said. be deceived or misled.
The 34-year-old has played well in the 2021-22 season, scoring six goals and three goals last season.
“However, we as the party understand that when we turn to God there is nothing difficult, it is God who will fight for us, since the beginning of the party we have seen the hand of God that has led us. so we have come forward to speak of a holy and holy kingdom.
In a statement issued on Monday, Bah ER Sawian said, “The Chief Executive Members are deeply saddened by the statement of Bah Rowel against them, who work for the welfare of the people. without any payment of salary," the statement said.
“The TMC's WE Card is only an election deception, don't be deceived by empty promises,” he said.
A tall statue of Bah Martin N. Majaw should be erected in front of the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
She also showed a picture of Dakermi Shadap posted on Facebook in military uniform.
How true are these reports, but from the speech of Bah HDR at one of the meetings held recently at Mawlynthoh (Sohiong constituency) when he laid the foundation stone of the Mawdngung-Mawlynthoh road It showed signs that HDR has started speaking against Kennedy Khyriem.
The selected players are those who have participated in the recent MCA U-19 Boys Inter District Tournament.
However, the residents are not sure whether their villages will be included in West Khasi Hills or will be transferred to Assam.
Smriti Zubin Irani will participate in the online conference.
The great and the small have their own suffering and pain on this earth.
It is better to hide the names of patients.
"During his career, Chhetri has won the AFC Challenge Cup in 2008, the SAFF Championship in 2011 and 2015, the Nehru Cup in 2007, 2009 and 2012, as well as the Intercontinental Cup in 2017 and
Although Sir Charles Metcalfe, acting Governor General of India, rejected the proposal to reinstate him, he agreed to approve Captain Jenkins' arrangement only if it would not cause trouble. to the paid residents (Bareh, 1967).
Truth is white and transparency.
The Dorbar has approved the proposal that women should become full members of the Khasi National Dorbar.
Khliehriat: The Umlyngsha Dorbar Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the leaders of the constituency, Ma Kyrmen Shylla MLA Khliehriat, and Dr. Sankey Shangpung, MDC Bataw Lakadong Constituency, for their support. I feel the needs of the people of the village during this time of lockdown, in order to fight against Covid 19 when these leaders have helped with foodgrains to the village.
Meghalaya has a population of 35 lakh (2018) and 14.12 lakh Khasi-Pnar (2011 census).
Nongpoh, Nailar 03: The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) has demanded from the State Government to expedite the construction of the New Bridge at Dwarksuid, Umïam in Ri Bhoi District.
How can the government which has set up the High Level Committee since 2018 which has been in existence for 6 years not know the number of these 148 households who are not government employees? The HYC Leader said it would be surprising how the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has sent back to verify the RTI received by the SMB when the SMB This is the reason why you have submitted your RTI to the organization.
Mawkyrwat, November 27 : Weiloi Football Club beat Mawkynroh Football Club 2-1 in the final of the VI Open Knockout. Football Tournament (OKFT) 2022 was organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People's (FKJGP), Sawsymper Circle, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: The Congress MLA, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Congress MLAs will not demand the resignation of the ministers of the MDA government, but when the state is facing many problems. , in terms of peace and order, they have the right to ask the government why the people are suffering.
He said that the residents of these areas have to deal with those who live in Nonglang, Kyrdum, Langja and other areas, because of their household chores, clan chores and other other.
It has also been seen that some MDCs have been trying to disturb the members of the House who are giving speeches and also it has been seen that MDCs have been entering and leaving the House freely without turning their faces to the Speaker. , as a sign of honor.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said after the meeting, that this decision was taken to pave the way for the holding of elections in new constituencies.
Ri Bhoi Police in collaboration with Umsning Police Station, on 16th June at 8 pm have arrested a man who was trying to smuggle drugs from Guwahati to Shillong.
The Eagles need to win to qualify for the final, while the Panthers, who have lost all three of their last three games, have played to complete their role and have been able to play. well in this last round.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, in an interview with the media today.
It was also found that besides the hands of the residents, they also have to face the smell of garbage and the smell of the garbage can which is located on the same road which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents especially the children. .
A case has been registered on the incident and police have said that they will follow the rules of law to ensure that no one can violate the law.
“The party strongly condemns this raid by the West Garo Hills Police because it has been done in the wrong way,” he said.
Similarly, God is calling those who walk in this world without God.
The first households were Ising Marngar, Mi Sohphoh, Lassi Sohphoh, Raiong Nongshlong, Swillimai Myrthong and Misa Myrthong.
We must learn how to preserve our crops.
He said that God so loved the world that he sent his Son to be the ransom for the world, not that he should be king or lord of that world. with a willingness to serve and not be served.
“Another issue that affects the Reservation Policy is point 7 (1) which states that it will apply to Government offices and Government funded schools (Govt.
This demand of the ASHAs is justified because the work they do is very important as it is related to the health of the people in the villages.
Those who can do this will receive the money that has been allocated by the website.
In this age, many children don't have time to take care of their parents who gave birth to them, raised them, cared for them and perhaps MERCY. HOME is another special place for them to spend their old age without hesitation.
“That depends on your own feelings,” said the colleague. “That's right,” agreed another colleague. “The time will come when I will get better than this,” said the colleague. Peter“That's what you said” said the fellow workers.
The WJDBA has also elected a tournament committee headed by Nangebormi Suting as its chairman and secretary.
The program was inaugurated by the Chairman of the Mait-Ti Society, Bah Mewanshwa Nongrum and speeches were delivered by Bah Edmund Khongngai, who is also the candidate from Pynursla Constituency.
In a statement sent by the Public Relation Officer (PRO) of NEHU, Dr. Davidson Pyngrope, he said that the incident occurred between the students staying inside the hostel. There was a disagreement with the rules and regulations relating to life in the hostel.
He said that the Samkhamti will focus on the children under 15, 18 and 21 to promote football in the state.
He said that the Iewduh is also a religious market. It should be recalled that before this, the completion of the Lehniam Iewduh here at Khlieh Iewduh was in the midst of garbage and filth.
Shillong: The KSU Leimow Unit and Jowai Unit today met with the Manager of Jio Company, at the company's office, Jowai regarding the lack of services provided by the company. to provide the network in the villages of Mootyrchiah, Mukhap and Mowkaaw.
The important thing here is that each of us has to understand that we should not doubt the existence of Covid-19 because many families have suffered the loss of their loved ones. parents, grandparents, brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters, children and grandchildren.
He won the MLA seat from Chingai constituency in Ukhrul district of Manipur and served as Minister of State in the Tribal Affairs and Sports Department from 1989 to
“It's enough, let's stand together and resolve this issue so that the next 50 years or 10 years can live in peace and freedom from any problems,” said the Symbud Myntri. Chief.
A cleanliness drive was also conducted around the Polo Ground where the referees took part in the removal of garbage and plastic.
“I understand that the family of Kong Lumspah wants to get a hearing on the complaint.
Besides Rebecca Kharmujai, Ostiwel Lyngdoh Nonglait has filed her nomination papers as the Congress candidate from Laban-Mawprem.
The NCCI appeals to the government authorities, political leaders of the Government of India and the State Governments to condemn these exploitative statements so that peace and stability can be maintained in the country.
Dr. Tyngshain Sutnga, Medical Officer, Bhoirymbong CHC, checks the dashboard of MOTHER every day to monitor the number of poor women.
These include East Garo Hills, 32 cases, East Jaintia Hills 49 cases, East Khasi Hills 375 cases, North Garo Hills 21 cases, Ribhoi District 194 cases, South Garo Hills 20 cases, South West Garo Hills 58 cases, West Garo Hills 90 cases. Jaintia Hills 89 people, West Khasi Hills 29 people.
“We have concern for the people of this area and on this basis we have decided to stop the trading of coal from the 13th and we will announce later when we intend to resume the trading of coal in This is the area,” said Bah Marwein.
Finally, the Shnong urges all the residents to take responsibility, as part of following and obeying all the directives of the Government authorities as part of joining hands to fight against illegal immigrants. Joe Marbaniang, Publicity Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Mawïong Umjapung, said in a statement.
Dr. Kyntiewkupar Nongsiej has taken over the post of Principal after the retirement of Dr. SS Khongkhliam.
The incident, which is shocking, is true and that is that the husband and wife, have had to move up to 18 houses and the reason, is only because the husband,,,,,,,,,, afraid of death. that's why.
Suddenly, as she thought and imagined about the child she was carrying in her womb and when it was born it would be a great shame for her.
“Khublei Sir, I'm going to meet you again.
The two men alleged that they brought them with their love and consent to marry them, but the police alleged that it was a kidnapping.
After the Great War with Israel, Israel will be able to build the Third Temple and there will be a Peace Treaty with Israel.
Bah Ehbok Syiemlieh, PTI from DSO South West Khasi Hills was the chief guest on the occasion. This program was organized by the office bearers of the Center for Youth Development Mawkyrwat.
The Assistant Drugs Controller of the Directorate of Health Services (MI) has sent a letter to the Pharmacist in charge of the Central Medical Store. 6/19/2023.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the names of the players for the BCCI Vijay Hazare Trophy. first in the Vijay Hazare Trophy in ODIs; Ranji Trophy and Mustaq Ali Trophy T2
When the ruler appears, there will be only one coin to be issued by the rich man.
Not only for this reason, there is no need to install this soh harvesting equipment in the state, but also because the production of soh in the state is still very low.
The UDP and HSPDP are under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) and have invited other parties to unite to seize the power of the people.
Indeed, our hope lies in the hard work of our leaders, party leaders, and village workers.
The MoU aims to build mechanisms of cooperation between the two countries in areas related to integration in the energy sector, peak-hour power sharing and contingencies; co-construction of projects; co-production of green hydrogen with clean hydrogen and electricity from renewable sources.
The band has also encouraged other emerging bands and has received awards for the success of some of its albums.
In Nongkhnum, residential areas, parking lots, footpaths, the bridge at Weinia and many other parts were provided by the government during his tenure.
Police raided these shops for money and seized many items and documents.
The total number of cases worldwide has risen to 13,000,166 and the death toll to 569,9
Shillong: The girls of Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School have won the title after beating the girls of Christ Church Higher Secondary School by 32 to 28 baskets in the final of the Inter School Basketball Tournament. Phudmuri Presbyterian HSS, Mawlai Phudmuri was part of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee at the basketball ground of the school today.
Nitin Gadkari said the central government also plans to set up underwater airports and these aircraft will take off and land from the surface of the water. to tourists from all over the world.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided earlier to send only one petition to the Central and State Governments on the amendment of the Constitution. It has decided to allow other political parties to send their petitions to the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: T.60,02,500 tyngka was found on the 22nd of this month at the Ramakrishna Mission in Laitumkhrah. and the money was placed in a plastic bag, sources said.
Another 10 people from three households have escaped and have recovered.
The public hearing convened by the MSPCB for the construction of the 210 MW Umngot Hydroelectric Project of MeECL has failed on Thursday at Moosakhia village. The Sengbhalang has strongly opposed this project.
In a statement sent by Ebormi Lyngdoh Publicity Secretary SWRJ, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills said that the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills congratulates and wishes all the Nimatre children from different seinraijs in Jaintia Hills to get the award. a healthy body and sustainable development.
I passed class-IX in the same year.
As soon as the party received the information, it immediately went down to stop the work, and found that hundreds of foreigners were standing three? to wait for government officials to register themselves.
As we have seen these days, we human beings know how to clean not only inside our own homes but outside the house, we are the polluters of the environment because according to the truth we cannot say that because almost all of us The roads and hills are filled with garbage and plastic, plastic bottles of all kinds.
The SRGT also allowed the SSA to build the stadium and shops in it besides allocating land to provide the galleries of the stadium.
He said that these measures will help that all vehicles will not be parked on the roads or sidewalks and this will help in the smooth flow of vehicles on the roads.
The BJP, as a national party, wants to complete the railway line to Shillong to facilitate transportation and trade.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) said helicopters rushed to the scene to rescue the injured pilot.
“It is the weakness of the Government and both the Prime Ministers and it shows how the signing of the soskular should only be a sham while there are still many issues to be resolved.
Referring to the government's plan to evict the Kharmetor from Iewmawlong, Prestone said the government expects that the problem caused by this area will be completely resolved and that the resettlement of the Harijans will also be completed soon.
In West Khasi Hills, 724 houses were damaged by the cyclone on 17th, 18th and 19th June and these houses include 27 in Nongstoin and 697 in Nongstoin and Mawshynrut Block. .
Shillong, March 05 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawlai Circle on Friday congratulated and congratulated the women cricketers who will represent the state in the BCCI's Women's U -19 One Day Trophy to be played in Surat, Gujarat from 8th March,
Speaking to reporters, Bah RL Nonglait Secretary of the Union and Headmaster of Nonglang Upper Primary School, said that the Union has been fighting hard to protect the river for seven years. and the fish that were in the river multiplied.
It is to be recalled that the leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have planned to meet with the Chairman and other Directors of NEEPCO many times but the Chairman and Directors along with others have not met. The officers are working in Guwahati.
The Court has also conducted an investigation and found that they have not met anyone inside or outside the High Court.
Two BJP leaders, Tura City President Bernard Marak and North Garo Hills President Nachu Marak, have resigned from the party on allegations that the party does not respect the Garo people. Hills.
Sailung Ialong SC beat Chutwakhu SC 1-0 in the first leg of the second half. Sailung Ialong SC scored the first goal in the 26th minute. of the step change.
He said that the expectation of the people to get a good road is just a dream.
The complaint of the opposition MDCs (UDP, Congress, HSPDP, Independent) in this regard is on the allegation that the Speaker has violated AD Rules 71 (2) by not reading the Proviso of this sub-section. rule which empowers the Lamphang to fix the time at his discretion, besides taking the sense of the House to do so on the evening of 21st July
He said that from the drivers to the shopkeepers benefit from the tourists and that the residents should have that understanding when welcoming the tourists.
The family is the school and the parents are the Teachers.
Don't be angry with God or with the Son of God.
It can also grow in many types of soils, but it grows best in fertile soils or even in dew shrah if there is a lot of humus.
“The State Government, to our knowledge, has already set up a district task force and will soon open Facilitation Centres, which means that the implementation of the MRSSA has started,” he said.
The total number of cases in Bihar includes 750 doctors and health workers.
The open quiz on the G20 Presidency of India was very successful and the participants showed their knowledge on this topic.
In the Moulay Ibrahim area, 40 kilometers west of Marrakech, dozens of houses have collapsed.
After the death of the child, the police were immediately informed and they came to conduct an investigation on the body of the child and after this the body of the child was taken to the Civil Hospital, Ialong. complete the post mortem.
K.Thabah, Wanpynkhraw Marboh, Nakishwai Marboh, Bansahnam Nongbet, Banshanborlang Marbaniang, Kyrshanbor.
We cannot escape these.
D, a medical doctor and former Chairman of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Champion R Sangma.
It was also a time when God punished the Israelites for their sins.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) through its General Secretary, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, on Tuesday said that it is pleased to send a special message to Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, former MLA of Mawhati. Constituency, for his failure to complete the long-awaited road from Umsning to Mawhati and Sonidan.
He has been summoned to explain to the Umsning Police Outpost that he has been charged with several cases at Nongpoh Police Station, case no.69(06)2020 U/S 188/1 182/203 IPC. When contacted by Bah CSyrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, he said that the reason why the police have summoned the KSU leader to explain to the police, is that the police have summoned the KSU leader to explain to the police. The incident occurred recently in Umran village, after the leaders and members of KSU Umsning circle, found 16 Khar Muslims and drove away these foreigners who were standing in a petrol tanker. Pump is not available in Umran.
Before implementing the scheme for the students of the North East, Shekhar said his team has sought accurate information on the number of students who have completed the examination. He said that the number of students studying outside the North East has also been taken into account.
In Allahabad, the price of this year is Rs 6 to Rs 8 per month.
The most dangerous is in the MDA government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Assam 2-0 in the third match of the Women's Senior T20 Trophy at Guntur, Andhra Pradesh today.
They were abducted while they were on their way to Silkigre, South Garo Hills.
This is because the rep is no longer the same as before.
However, while the people were releasing the child, the man managed to escape but was arrested today.
“This area has started to become famous since the arrival of these birds and as TVWPS together with Rangbah Shnongs and various organizations we want to recognize this area as a Tourism Area. “The area will also be included in the tourism map of the state and they will present it to the relevant government ministers,” said Bah Alos. to arrive from April.
At the same time, she urged the KHADC to implement the United Khasi Hills Committee Act
It is worth mentioning that there have been other villages and church groups which have banned going to the cemetery in the evening after the news of demon worship spread.
We have all experienced this obvious affect in the midst of anxiety, but the affect can vary from person to person.
It can also be used to make wine.
“We have no doubt that AT Mondal will win the election from Phulbari and I want the leaders with him to work together as one family within the party and we need to ensure that he wins the election. 2023 from Phulbari Constituency,” he said.
Looking at the customs and traditions of the Khasi in ancient times, it is very pleasant and hopeful, because as children and parents have the time to teach their children to walk in the right path. , but in this age, there is no longer any advice, no thir, no ksai, because we have followed too much of the rongphong, but if we as young people and intellectuals cannot change our minds, it is difficult for us to protect our own family, our country and our nation.
In the past 25 years, many young people have become Lyngdoh Sohblei in order to serve in the Vineyard of the Lord.
Dr Singh said that out of the 116 districts in the country, 14 districts are from the North East.
There are more than 21 lakh Dkhar immigrants from 12 states and others.
They also said that when he goes to lead in this game, remember to be a humble person, respect those in authority and convince the management so that he can rise from one rank to another.
It is a different incident and that is that there are hundreds of women, lying on the ground and these are lyngki women.
The church was built by the Circle Sohmynting Balang U Blei for the benefit of several families in the village.
When the United States of America (USA) has Presidents like Abraham Lincoln or JF Kennedy, the credit goes to the citizens of the USA, who elected them and allowed them to lead.
:The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will celebrate its 30th Anniversary on 5th November 2023 at Ummulong Jaintia Hills District. MUPSTA President Kenneth Shadap, in a press conference on 30th November, 2023 at Shillong Press Club, Shillong.
In a statement, AASU President Dipanka Kumar Nath said it is unthinkable that armed police would attack women and it is a barbaric act.
When you watch a movie, have you ever tried to know your own feelings – when you see a Radbah who is selfish and selfish, whom do you blame? Or when the Gangs are constantly fighting to destroy the Actor who protects the minorities, which Side are you on? We can say “Oh it’s just a Movie.
On the government's request for the names of government employees who hold village posts, Dr Kharshiing said the Prime Minister has promised to reconsider the decision which means that the government will cancel its old decision. .
He said that the presence of the charging station for electric vehicles will help in reducing the pollution of the environment and especially since Meghalaya is one of the most powerful states in the world. Meghalaya is one of the most prominent states in the tourism industry, where many foreigners come to visit Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Ri Bhoi Entertainment Society (RIE) today announced the Grand Finale of the Ri Bhoi Idol, which will be held on the 13th July 2019 at the NSCA Stadium Pahamsyiem. Township of Bhoi District.
Shillong, Iaiong 22: U Justice (Retd) BP Katakey, who heads the Committee to Investigate Coal Mining, today said that the Committee is preparing to identify some places in the state to send guarded by the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF).
This is the only incident reported to the police and this incident has happened since 2015 until now.
Khimusniang won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 360 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
On this occasion, the Director of AH&Vety Dr.C.Shilla said that the government has appointed Dr.W.Khongjoh to be the syrnot and to issue Transit Passes to the buyers of cows from the cow market. of Canapara.
He said the government is now in the process of constructing two AYUSH centres, one in Sohra and one in Ri-Bhoi.
“Teachers are the backbone of society, the second parents of our children,” said the Chief Minister.
Seeing this from a distance, many people in the rural areas, when they see that the children do not have the opportunity to go to school, that because of the poverty of the parents, they turn away. to this end to establish special schools for those families who are on the poverty line.
The Minister was speaking at a meeting held at Banan Village of Nongtalang Village under Amlarem Sub Division.
In the Constitution of India, everyone is free in any belief without any prohibition to worship in any religious group, but nowadays there are “We have seen what has happened here in India,” said Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin.
In a statement, BJP Meghalaya Vice President Wankitbok Pohshna said that almost all the roads in Shillong and especially in the Nongthymmai, Garikhana and Demseiñïong areas have deteriorated. from the endless snowfall which has disrupted the traffic of the people until it has prompted the traffic department to fill the potholes itself as shown in the media especially at this time Christmas is one of the great seasons for Christians around the world and also in this state.
“Of course, we may not be able to reconstruct it as it was because it is very old, but I believe that the M.C. will decide how to proceed with this matter.
The incident happened on the land which the Thyllaw people call Rithang while the Mawlongbna people call Synrang Diengsohphan.
He appealed to the government to look into the area as it wants to promote tourism.
On this occasion, the two organizations said that if the Dewlynnong has not been implemented or improved, the Department should expedite the implementation or improvement according to the allocation. benefiting the local community as well as the residents of the surrounding villages.
Aparne Sen, film director, Kaushik Sen, actor and Debojyoti Mishra, music director, supported the doctors and met them today at NRSMCH. Doctors have staged a strike in Mumbai, Patna, Hyderabad, Thiruvananthapuram and Jaipur today, which has severely disrupted the treatment of patients.
Bah Bright, who himself has worked as a policeman, expressed his surprise why the policemen have to cover their faces or wear masks whenever there are protests.
The state government for the year 2019-2020 has collected up to Rs 260 crore from liquor shops.
They also demanded that the government should declare the 12th of June every year as Drivers' Day so that the drivers should be proud of their service to the people and should celebrate it once a year. this is their day.
Two Joint Secretaries, Khraw Kharmawphlang and Jimy B Shadap were elected as Treasurer.
The Secretary of Mawlai Village, Bah LS Lyngdoh, said that the two wheelers and other vehicles have to drive slowly when they reach Mawlai since the speed breaker has been installed along the road.
He urged the residents to have a spirit of cooperation with the Government so that they can protect the Wah Myntang and make it a Fish Sanctuary.
Even if they have been permitted, they must have explanatory documents and that too will be only according to the time and authority.
In a statement, the Congress MDC said that what angered him was the speech of James and Conrad and their speech was unfair and irresponsible. He said that they have threatened the workers who have been on strike.
“We understand that Chennaiyin have lost all their games but playing at home will encourage them and they know the situation,” said Langsning coach Hering Shangpliang.
He said the MLA has not stopped talking to the CM every evening for the development of his constituency.
The union also sends its condolences to the families of the drivers who were kidnapped and killed by the robbers.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should take a decision on the year to implement the Roster System of the Reservation Policy in the State.
“We have talked many times and we don't agree that we should listen only to their (State Government) talks.
“Furthermore, no resident shall be allowed to change his Khasi ethnicity or adopt any Khasi ethnicity without complying with the provisions of Section 3 and Section 12 of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Lineage Act, 1997," the statement said.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie under the leadership of Sports Secretary Franky Kharumnuid on Thursday launched the jersey of the PFR Football Academy Women's League Tournament. Shillong Sports Association.
Referring to the tourism department, he said he had spoken to the Cabinet to formulate a policy to stop Assam vehicles coming here. conclude.
If anyone does so, the village will not allow them to stay and the village will give them to others who need the land. and the spirit of the kingdom.
Khliehriat, Naitung 26: The Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh District and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. They expressed their concern over the condition of the National Highway-6 from Mynkre to Malidor which has been destroyed and caused problems to the people. Otherwise, the Waheh Shnongs and the KSU of Narpuh will take another route and block the National Highway at Narpuh.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Meghalaya men's U-23 men's tournament needs to win 10 more times after playing well in the Plate Group of the U-23 men's Col CK tournament. Nayudu Trophy, and the final will be against Nagaland starting today.
A group of suspected Bangladeshis robbed and shot dead a truck driver on his way to Tamabil market, Dawki on Monday.
But only by faith and belief in Jesus Christ, who is Lord over all.
The world is witnessing a huge turnout in the United States in the 2020 elections.
God is sorry if this Temple which is your body and mine is destroyed by evil deeds and wickedness.
When these two gases meet, a strong explosion occurs, and they form water.
“In 2022, the PHE department has installed water pipes to supply water to the village through the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS).
The confidence of the players has decreased after the defeat to TRAU, but the authorities have tried to improve the team to encourage the players,” said coach Bah Hering. Share.
The Presbyterian Church, which is also the largest church in Mizoram, has appealed to the faithful to pray to ensure that the polling day will not be on Sunday.
Nongpoh, July 20: The 1st RBMSC Motorcross Challenge 2023 organized by the Ri-Bhoi Motor Sports Club (RIMSC) has started today at Kurkalang Square, Bhoirymbong. About 75 men and women motorcyclists from all over the North East took part.
“In fact, we five Congress MLAs have not been invited and it would be foolish for us to take part without being invited to the BJP meeting and in terms of voting for the BJP candidate from “For the Presidential Election, we will hold a meeting to discuss this issue,” she said.
He said that Rule 4 of the MMMCR, 2016 has been amended by the state government through a notification dated 4th November, 2022 to assist those who apply for shyiap mining.
However, Modi's statement, according to Prasad, was that it was the responsibility of Sonia's daughter to protect her mother and brother. you're also.
No arrests have been made in connection with the incident.
It is to be recalled that this issue was raised by the Chief Minister of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the recently concluded Budget Session.
The UDP will also discuss the election for South Tura tomorrow in Shillong where it may decide to support the NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma. .
They threatened me with the intention of winning the election.
Excessive knowledge brings misfortune.
Shillong: Former MLA JA Lyngdoh today evening said that after the formation of the North East Development Alliance (NEDA), the North East Development Alliance (NEDA) has been formed. , chaired by Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam.
Through these facts, we have to start the walk, the work, the income of our fellow countrymen, who are all over the Ri Khasi Jaintia and we have to understand each other, that we should not knieh noh ia the khiew ja of our fellow countrymen, because this lockdown has affected many of our fellow countrymen, who are in need and especially the workers as well and this is the time for us to look at to the income, whether it increases or decreases, when we work for each other.
Speaking on the importance of education, the CM said, “I have allocated T.3,539 crore to strengthen education, including T.1,335 crore as assistance in the field of education. the payment of salaries.
At that time the angels and the host of heaven praised God on high and on earth.
“I want to see you succeed.
“Why should you accuse others?
He said that on the occasion of Independence Day, tomorrow, 15th July 2023, he will announce the measures taken by the government to improve income and economic growth for the years. that ban comes.
A police chief, who did not want to be named, said that the traffic police will install apmiet to ensure that vehicles do not enter the roads from the wrong side.
Even the school children in uniform don't even smoke cigarettes or drink on the streets and this happens when there are special days for teachers, children, social meets, birthdays of fellow students or friends and so on.
Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat, has handed over the work order for the construction of the Eco Crematorium of Cham Cham Village.
Deuteronomy 21:20, "And they shall stone him with stones, that he die; and thou shalt put away the evil from among you; and all Israel shall hear, and fear.
The incident happened at 11 pm, when the passengers saw that the youth was lyngktar in the middle of the road and the lyngkhot lyngkhai items were broken from the bike. The vehicle of the bike was not found in the area.
Rohit KR Yadav scored 53 runs from 81 balls, Bippin Ray 12 runs from 16 balls and Akash Mahato 3 wickets for 20 runs from Bippin Ray scored 3 wickets for 29 runs in 6.4 overs.
The tanker was empty and burnt down on its way from Sipajhar in Udalguri district.
In the field of agriculture, the state has allowed to work throughout the state in compliance with protocols.
“We need to bring such a group because the government has failed in all aspects from employment, education, culture, sports and others in the state,” he said. Enjoy talking to reporters today at his office.
Nongpoh, Nailar 29: The District Sports Officer of Ri Bhoi District today celebrated the National Sports Day by holding a sports event. The friendly match between Officers-11 and Press-II was played at the NSCA Ground, Mini Stadium, Pahamsyiem Nongpoh.
Singh, 52, is the seventh minister of the Indian government to test positive for the virus.
In a statement, the Secretary, Kong D Passah, said that she said that the provision of a fully functional Traffic Police Branch will provide convenience to the residents of Laban who have to go to Sardar Police Station.
It is worth mentioning that these residents who have been arrested by the Assam Police have been hiding and staying in the shlem of the Hima Nonglang since 28th October, 2023 when 13 days ago, they were arrested. I don't want to go into the wilderness.
However, they were surrounded by the enemies of the Arab Muslim countries around them who hated them and had to fight the same war.
Gandhi's brothers were on their way to the place where they were killed and arrested in Hathras.
He told the anchor, “Madam, I haven't had a Bible for two years.
Shillong, March 22: Four persons, Kishan Pareek, Sukhvinder Singh, Gur Pratap Singh and Hardev Singh, have lodged a complaint with Khliehriat Police Station. The incident happened on 25th March 2013. The money was still to pay the loan they had taken for the payment of the loan. the 12 transport vehicles which they had borrowed from him since 16 November.
The market in Laitumkhrah will have 183 shops and a parking lot that can accommodate more than 100 vehicles.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit on Thursday welcomed former All India Trinamool Congress MLA from Salmanpara Winnerson D. Sangma. Winnerson was welcomed by State President Rikman G Momin in the presence of two MLAs – Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai. M.Kharkrang and other leaders.
There will also be some to prepare for other competitions to be held outside the state.
Without the love, closeness and respect of the people, the work of government officers is useless.
He said the Meghalaya government should also provide security forces at all the borders of Assam and Meghalaya for the safety of the people.
“Mawdem and other neighboring villages have strictly prohibited the burning of bombs or drugs in Wahkri to protect the dohum and especially the cows because they are only in this area, which weigh up to 100 kilos but from “The fish have died in Wahkhri,” he said. “The Mawdem village has also banned the fishermen from going fishing,” he said.
The implementation was held near the Bhupen Hazarika Samadjhi Sthal at Jalukbari.
Shillong: The Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (PLHA) today celebrated its 6th Anniversary at Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah.
Sometimes the leaders have appeared but only sometimes they have disappeared.
The celebration was enriched by the performance of the Principal, Kong S Phyllei.
Electricity Minister Abu Taher Mondal told reporters that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma is in talks with the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) on the issue.
Then, customers have to pay a maximum of $10,000 for the car to run without a driver.
The Lamphang said that the construction of the new dome has also started.
As they have been forced to register their land since previous years, this is the enrollment of Election Photo Identify Cards.
Dr. Helen Uriah, District MCH Officer, Jowai also explained the importance of the MCP Card, which will assist in the injection process at the time of visiting the health centres.
She said she had always thought about the meaning of Christmas in order to honor the Lord.
Perhaps there were many people who didn't listen to Prestone's speech and turned away.
“Without receiving a detailed report and an accurate report, it is not appropriate to comment on this incident,” he said.
The Namdong Cnrd Block has been closed.
Shillong: U MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency today met with the village leaders of Saitsama Police Out Post and surrounding villages in the presence of the IC of Saitsama Police Out Post.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District should not build railings on the footpath along the Khliehriat Road.
The Director of Mining and Geology is the Joint Director who knows the job well because he has a thorough knowledge of this,” he said.
In the fourth verse (dk.3), the poet remembers his village Sohra during the heavy rain and the storm of Sohra.
“When asked about the MDC election, Bah Process T Sawkmie said that he has not taken any decision but he has taken any job, whether it is big or small.
Shillong, Nailar, 12: The Union Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Bishweswar Tudu on Thursday urged the State Government to complete the supply of drinking water to all the tribals. household in October,
Tynsong said the National People's Party (NPP) has not yet withdrawn from the talks to have a joint candidate for the Shillong and Tura parliamentary constituencies.
The North Korean newspaper, published by the government, has made it clear that the country, that history, shows that the country, will collapse like the collapse of the great country, if it can not be maintained. and the manner of dress, the manner of beat traditions.
The members of the MSEC include a Chairperson, two Advisors and a Secretary.
He said he had also read a book about how this Hill State fighter had composed songs to stir up the spirit of the youth and the women to take part in the Hill State struggle.
The office of DMHO Nongstoiñ won the first prize in the Tableau exhibition, followed by the Department of Agriculture and Horti & Mechanical Engineer who won the second prize.
When asked about the number of candidates from the constituency in the upcoming election, Nonglang said that the number of candidates is a golden opportunity for the Congress to win.
The seven areas affected are Tarabari (4.69 sq km), Gizang (13.53 sq km), Hahim (3.51 sq km), Boklapara (1.57 sq km), Khanapara-Pilangkata (2.29 sq km) and Ratacherra (11.20 sq km).
“I am very pleased to have the opportunity to take part in this Eucharistic procession of the Shillong Archdiocese to share with you the love and devotion to the Holy Eucharist.
“After I realized that this matter is beyond the authority of the village, I decided to lodge a complaint by calling the MIIS. “This issue will be resolved within 48 hours,” said Bah Shadap.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem, on Tuesday said that the UDP is still in the position of supporting the Congress-led Khasi Hills Democratic Alliance (KHUDA). Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that so far only the HSPDP has decided to withdraw its alliance with KHUDA. in collaboration with KHUDA,” said Bah Pynshngain.
However, he threw six only to the opposition parties like the Congress party.
Eight US citizens were reportedly abducted and released by Hamas last month and it is believed that the relatives of the eight Americans will go to arrived at the White House to attend the meeting with the President of the country.
Therefore, he urged all voters to be responsible and to exercise their right to vote properly.
According to a statement from Leven Shangdiar, President, it is not known where the Dkhar came from, but after a thorough investigation, it was understood that he is from Bangladesh.
The BCCI has selected four players from the MCA to take part in the Zonal Cricket Academy (ZCA) to be held in Guwahati from next month. come.
The residents of Umsning have taken the suspect to the police station.
When asked whether the PDF will seek an explanation from these two MLAs who have missed meetings from time to time until today, Bah Banteidor replied, “This is a meeting. Most importantly today and at other meetings we don't say much because they have their own jobs and as MLAs they are busy because it is election time.
If you say you don't want to do anything for a month, that's nice and if you want to extend it, that's a nice idea.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs has decided to suspend the Free Movement Regime (FMR) between India and Myanmar to ensure peace and stability in the country. society in the states of northeastern India bordering Myanmar.
