The Shnong expresses its happiness that although he is still elected and has been the leader for more than a year, he has received the help of the MLA,” said the speakers at the meeting.
He praised the beauty of Meghalaya, especially Dawki and said, “I have been impressed by the beauty of Dawki since I arrived here yesterday.
KSU Nartiang Circle President Hamar Muskut said that the award will be given to students who have passed well in SSLC, HSSLC, Bachelor and Master Degree and others who have scored 60 percent or above.
He said that in the morning, only one or two people went out to earn money and had to walk for many hours especially when they reached Motphran because they were chased by the traffic police.
Shillong, November 14: The state government is expecting that tomorrow, November 15, the two rebel groups, the ANVC and ANVC-B, will arrest about 700 people, out of which 447 people are expected to arrive. Two of them are from the ANVC while 253 are from the ANVC-B with their weapons.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) today suspended SB Shashank, Chief Electoral Officer of Mizoram, following a complaint against him from various groups.
Speaking as the chief guest at the National Youth Convention, Ma Edystone said that this program benefits the youth so that they can get the opportunity to associate whether in the city or in the countryside and to do any job. benefit themselves and society.
PIL No.18 of 2019 was dismissed by the High Court.
The National People's Party (NPP) has been formed in Aizawl today in preparation for the upcoming elections in Mizoram.
In the marketing process human factors are the fuel for the fire.
Marcuise N Marak has been appointed to the Ministry of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Housing and Soil & Water Conservation.
The two finalists, PFR FA and Mylliem Lum SC, will compete in the 3rd Division on 20th November,
Immediately after the Magistrate ordered the clothes vendors to take away their stairs to close the Motphran Bridge, they started to clear their own stairs to leave. They were allowed to stay in the place where the Hima Mylliem had allowed them to stay.
However, the player has voluntarily chosen to leave the United States club owned by David Beckham where he has managed to lead the team to the title. the Cupha Leagues for the first time.
Deut 18:22.
Venkat, who was abroad for the past few days, said that his son wanted to meet his father more and more and this may be one of the reasons. , that his wife, who had killed him, had killed her little son.
“We have also decided that the DC's office should seek approval from the District Councils before issuing any Permanent Residential Certificate,” he said.
Shillong: Justice Surya Kant and Krishna Murari have ruled on several petitions relating to the closure of the Meghalaya High Court on 24th November 2022 on the recognition of coal. , as a major mineral, when exported to the country.
We have requested the Central Government to suspend and extend the implementation of the 125 Amendment Bill, 2019 and to extend the Cabinet decision dated January, 24, “Meghalaya has already been exempted from the rules relating to Village Councils, Municipal Councils and the reservation of women” until the State Government can resolve all the shortcomings.
“The government is opening the door.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has filed a complaint against the non-payment of pension fees by the MDCs.
The inspection was led by Raja Brahma, Border Magistrate of Ri Bhoi, P. Baidya, CI of Umiam Police Station and a team of police. They should stop collecting taxes on the agricultural products produced by the Khasi people living in the area.
Leaders of the Movement have met with the Prime Minister after he laid the foundation stone for the improvement of the football stadium in Riangdo. Shem Rynniaw President and P. Wanniang Secretary, in which they reminded the Prime Minister of the issues related to the implementation of departments within the Civil Sub Division such as planning, border. , housing, Supply, MPSC and DSC and to appoint full time staff in all these departments.
However, the authorities respectfully handed me over, and I too withdrew and without fighting for a ticket I joined the party.
“We also need to monitor and follow up on those children who drop out of school part-time and who send their children to work. The government has done many things to alleviate poverty,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
In the first match, Laitumkhrah SC beat Madanrting Sports Club 4-0
Sometimes you also need to give some calcium or even iron.
The Fathers of the Parish of Jowai and the parishioners of the Parish, invite all the faithful from different Parishes to take part in this Eucharistic Procession of the Parish of Jowai.
In fact, the program was held on Thursday at the Artificial Climbing Wall of 58 Gorkha Training Centre, Happy Valley and will end on the following day (7th). Due to the heavy rainfall, the program had to be canceled as it could endanger the children and will be announced later.
It is said that as a child in the past, he used to have a shy spirit while studying in the city and gradually this shyness disappeared because of his football skills.
If the government allows foreigners to mine in these areas, the disease will surely come back.
The three men were said to have recently returned from Italy.
In the poem, Biria u Bieit, Myllung Soso Tham writes-If there is heaven on earth, On the stairs or in the house, O king,-It is in Eden, Where both of them died.
Expressing that the NPP is a party that believes in the youth, Conrad said, “We are a party that believes that the youth of the North East can shine in many fields. in front of me".
This shows that these contractors are not safe because there are people who can protect them from above,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Those who failed the Selection Test from these affiliated schools, will not be able to appear for the Final Exam of the MBOSE. parents of those children who have failed their Selection Test from affiliated schools.
“Why, why.
Ma Byeming has been involved in many bands including Green Butterfly, Fresh Blood, Minoan Axe, Cruzx and other soloists.
The Government will once again conduct a verification of those schools through the collection of information by a private group to get accurate information on the number of children so that there will be no fraud,” said Rakkam.
An Indian warplane crashed at Budgam near Garend Kalaan village in Jammu and Kashmir.
“They have arranged with the NCP High Command in Delhi and I have agreed,” said Bah Sanbor when asked why he resigned from the post of Symbud Lam before the power struggle to remove Lam. AT Mondal was arrested last year.
Besides the members of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, members of KSU Hynnengbrei Area Unit were also present.
The Crowborough Hotel, Shillong, also known as the Vivanta Hotel, will be opened on the 7th of this month. this has been extended for the reason that some of the works, which have not yet been completed.
Shillong, November 30: Former Superintendent of Police (SP) Shillong, Bah M.Kharkhrang on Thursday said that it is easier to fight against insurgents than against drugs. his chains are stronger than those who carry weapons like a robber.
He said that the claim of the Rangbah Shnong that there are only 5 households is wrong as there are up to 25 households who want to get their own village to avoid the confusion.
What is shocking and which can destroy the hospital, is, when the complaint came out, that the patients stayed in the hospital, for the sake of dying and not for the sake of If it is in this form, the hospital will face many problems in the coming months, because besides being far away, but also the excessive torti. liam.
“We have not received the approval from the Commission and we are still trying to send a letter to change this price to reduce the payment from the people and to send higher payments to the factories,” he said.
In this regard, the union said that it cannot accept that the CHC does not have a proper motor tank and has met with the DM&HO Dr.KC Ajar.
Four members of MEMRIWU have been admitted to hospital after suffering from illness.
He said that tomorrow Modi will also raise the flag to mark the opening of the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura highway and will also open the BJP office. Narendra Modi will arrive in Shillong for the first time on 27th July, 2016 to address the 65th Plenary Session of the North Eastern Council (NEC).
Shillong: Meghalaya have scored more runs against Nagaland in the Ranji Trophy plate group today.
However, this area is where there are still many gaps.
In this age we find some Khasi-Pnars who are very rich and many others who are poor.
“Therefore, the misunderstood money has not been completed and will be released according to the progress of the work,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) will affect the tourism industry in the state, said BJP National Secretary Rituraj Sinha. The question is why the BJP has ignored the ILP demand in its Election Manifesto.
“We strongly condemn the Infiltration Wing of the Police Department for sitting idle when Bangladeshis are willing to come to Pynursla and Laitlyngkot in search of cows through our Khasi agents,” said Bah Ennocent.
Lumdiengjri Police Station has also seized a Bolero Pick-up used to kidnap Bah Omega from Mawlaingut along with the clothes thrown in Nongpathaw Forest.
Police have seized the vehicle used in the kidnapping and the clothes of Bah Omega from Dewsaw Krang and Nongpathaw forest.
Looking at our neighboring countries, Sri Lanka has recently decided to eradicate this species from the country as it has found that it is one of the causes of deforestation. soil erosion, drying of springs and there is a risk that it could destroy other crops that have been cultivated since ancient times in the country such as snepkor, slasha and wood (rubber).
Jowai, Nailur 04: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) Jaintia Hills today conducted a training program for the students of Jaintia Higher Secondary School (New Hills) Jowai to be disciplined and respectful. and explained about the working methods of the Association to bring about the welfare of the society.
“This evening, armed groups of the GNLA and ULFA entered West Khasi Hills via Moheskhola in a sumo with the intention of crossing the Bangladesh-India border,” said a statement from the ANVC. B).
In a video circulating on social media, our people saw that Smt.
He demanded that the Honorable Court should reject Mukul Sangma's claim as a Garo as it is not based on the facts he has found.
The ASHA workers demanded that the state government should increase their salary from T.2,000 to T.5,0
May this word phira become clear to the world through the works we will do in the future that “Once the forests will win, once the stones will fall” as our great poet Babu Soso Tham said. We are free to express or demand our own rights of the nation.
He said that the fight against drugs does not end only in seizure and arrest, but is also part of reconciliation, renewal of those involved and other programs.
There are 25 recoveries from the disease.
“There are also times when those who hold the shabuk as leaders do not listen to the opinions of others and cause division”.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare was urged to take action to relocate the factory to another factory location away from the villages.
Voice of the People's Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has said that he hopes that the coalition government between the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and the Congress party will be formed. , the HSPDP and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have been able to form a new government despite the obstacles.
“The SAC Against SUP Bottles aims to prevent the use of plastic water bottles among the students of St. Anthony's College.
On receiving the letter, Ardent called a public meeting and announced that he had ended the strike with a prayer.
After that, they were happy to eat the food that Niakha had brought.
This interference by the government authorities in the writing and publishing of news seriously affects their freedom.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Tibrewalla praised the contribution of those who were awarded the award to showcase Meghalaya on the world map through their work.
Let the authorise government vigilant and investigative team decide and give report.
Speaking on the occasion, Kynjatshai said that some of the water consumers as well as the water vehicles, on the part of the water consumers who are the residents of these areas, expressed their concern about the shortage of water in these days.
This was announced by Meghalaya Trinamool Congress President Charles Pyngrope while talking to media in Shillong on Tuesday.
Thank God that he still loves our beloved country and many prayers that he has eradicated this disease even though it has spread as a shock to mankind especially that there are forty kinds of evils, let us change our lives as creatures and to forsake all evil deeds, let us live a holy and righteous life, and let us see the special blessing of God upon us as a nation as a whole.
He too was happy because he knew that he would get the money alone.
Meghalaya will start their first match against Assam on 17th November, followed by the match against Jammu & Kashmir on the 19th, followed by the matches on the 21st, 23rd and 25th.
The State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) has been allocated by the Central Government to the States.
It will not be useful to win only a few (6,7, 8, or 9 people).
He added that the public should refrain from being misled by any person who misleads in many ways.
Those who fall under the BPL category do not have to pay any fee, but will be tested at the places designated by the State Government and those who fall under the high risk category do not have to pay any fee.
After examining her, the doctor gave her a slip for scanning at Civil Hospital.
Our group of religious leaders, SAFF, said that as citizens of Meghalaya, we must be strong, we must be strong-minded, we must not be selfish,” he added.
“The CAB is a threat to the influx of foreigners which will affect the trade, illegal activities, the spread of illegal activities,” he said.
The Ïewduh ceremony, which is held to offer thanksgiving for the good governance, khaddar and ïew, the hat of the son of the thousand of the Raid Mylliem, was held today.
After the meeting, Bah PB Sylliang, speaking to media, said that the reason for the Union to hold this special meeting among the leaders of the Union, is after the He said that as the Union, we need to talk about many issues that have affected the people and the village leaders as well.
The turnout in all 59 constituencies was 75 out of 100 (75%) according to the count released till 5 pm after the end of polling on Tuesday.
Her presentation on the topic 'Forest-derived foods for food security and for health based on traditional food systems' was the main part discussed in this workshop.
The winners of the Block Level will represent the Chief Minister U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 and the winners of the District Level will represent the State Level.
Shillong, July 6: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit on the evening of 5th June 2022 welcomed the youth of the Jaidbynriew who have brought fame and glory to the Jaidbynriew in their visit to the Khasi Hills District Unit. Ri UAE. On this evening, the KSU welcomed these youths at the Indoor Stadium, Nongpoh in the presence of the leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit including Samla James H Mawphniang, General Secretary, Samla Banjop Maring, Education Secretary, Asst Organizing Secretary, KSU Nongpoh Circle.
Regarding the visit of the Prime Minister, to lay the foundation stone for the Byrnihat CHC, it has pleased the people of the area, because what they have been waiting for for a long time and what they have been waiting for. It has been waiting for decades, but it has not come true until today.
The total number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 324, the government said.
Shillong, June 22: The Langrin Constituency, which has been turned into Ranikor Constituency, has started developing other tactics to defeat the Congress party in the constituency where MM Dango is MLA and Bah Mansturdy Nongrem. He is an MDC. Sources from some of the leaders of various parties who contested the last elections from this constituency said that all the parties and independent candidates from this constituency They have started to discuss among themselves to nominate only one candidate who can defeat the Congress party.
She said that although the management cannot attend the various explanatory programs of the NTA, they have been able to prepare for the NEET (UG) 2024 examinations online.
The Flower is the part of the plant whose function is to mate, so that the plant will not perish but flourish in the world.
He said that NEHUTA in its meeting held on 6th March has discussed thoroughly the demand to convene an emergency meeting of the Academic Council and has already sent him a letter. 100 members from Shillong and Tura Campus have signed a meeting with 100 members from Shillong and Tura Campuses but he has ignored this and has been given time to call by 9th March. with strong programs.
Let us honor and encourage in action and this divine thought of the Khasi which has existed since the beginning of his humanity, whether in the dance of joy and others, to remain in harmony with 'Uta one Whose words- 'Shi thousand nguh' is only for 'U' and not for others or for others in other matters that are not for others.
Therefore, the state is not in a position to implement this policy immediately,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Responding to reports that Deputy CEM of the UDP, Teinwell Dkhar, has said that there are signs of corruption in the ARPA, Ardent Miller Basaiaw fat, CEM KHADC;  He denied that he works alone or does his own work without the knowledge of the EMs. He said that as CEM he does not have any secrets on the subjects or issues of the UDP EMs. Speaking to reporters at the EC meeting, Ardent said that the allegations show that there is no trust in each other within the EC. “If there is no trust, it is useless to work together,” he said.
The match on Friday will be between Nangkiew Irat and Mawlai at 4 pm.
Five – Start Row – Gold 3.
“If the tourism industry increases, there will be many foreign investors to invest in the state,” he said.
Nongstoin, Naitung 2: Three civil society organizations, WKSU, WYF Central Body and HYC Nongstoin Circle, have expressed their willingness to stand firm and support Lukas Shangpliang until he gets his rights. on the beating of a Frenchman who is the manager of TANTIA Company and the abduction of Bah Be, a neighbor of Lukas, to make peace with the Frenchman.
Shillong: The Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong, after receiving permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, has informed all the residents who park along the Mawkhar Road, that it will start collecting the parking fees from Tuesday, November 1 this year.
Both the semifinals will be played on the 12th of July at 1PM and 3:30 PM. The final will be played on Independence Day.
It is true that although tourism has increased significantly in the state, only a few people have been able to stand on their own feet.
Furthermore, through this Act, the CEM said that there will be a systematic arrangement regarding the price of Nongïalam Shnong at the time of land sale.
Speaking at the International Tourism Mart, Meghalaya Tourism Director Cyril VD Diengdoh said that the tourism industry in Meghalaya has reached T.1,600 crore in to predict that it will increase by 10 per cent per annum.
The CSWO Nongpoh demands that those involved in the corruption of the funds allocated for the construction of toilets in the area should be punished as this is against the Constitution of the country. , 06 Nailar: The BDO of Umling C&RD Block has not yet received a vehicle from the state government to use for commuting and especially in the Jirang area. one of the most backward areas in the entire state.
Therefore, to borrow money, you have to get the approval of the Central Government.
Without this fire we cannot live.
The SP said that at about 8:30 pm, police seized two vehicles.
According to Bah Syiem, other issues will be discussed on the next day of the dorbar and the discussion on the budget will be on Thursday.
The Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui inaugurated two schools including Nongtalang Government LP School and Nongtalang Government Secondary School on Tuesday.
What is important is that you fight for yourself and that is the goal and the most important thing in human life and we should also pay for our time.
The NDA presidential candidate coming here to ask for support and to bring the issues of the states at the meeting is out of line and it is not the right time and this is my personal opinion,” said Bah. Shulla.
Speaking further, he said that Jaintia Hills is still lagging behind in health facilities, education and other development projects compared to others.
There are also areas where the clearance should be less than 7.00m or 6.80 to 5.70 meters and the remaining areas from Sohpian to join the National Highway 44 bye pass should not be less than 3.75 metres.
The water level was reported to be 15 to 20 feet.
Manipur won 2 gold, 3 silver and 7 bronze medals, Assam won one gold, 4 silver and 7 bronze medals, Sikkim won one gold medal, Mizoram won 3 silver and 8 medals, 2 silver and 10 bronze medals, while Tripura and Nagaland won 2 bronze medals.
The situation was examined only in Jaintia Hills and Lyngngam areas of West Khasi Hills District where the coal mining has severely affected the people. They have to buy food and clothes with money because the water from the crematoria and wells has turned bih due to the mining of coal.
He said that all wars in the world have been stopped not by the law but by the power of the government.
The report also said that Swiatek has never lost more than seven games against Kudermetova.
Ula is 74 years old.
It is easy for us who live in our own country to insult, to torture and to destroy the lives of refugees or slaves, how much more miserable is the life of those who become refugees or slaves.
Ksing and Wedding Synrem who are members.
Prof Gnanakan said the university has signed an agreement with Grace City to engage in marketing activities such as food, fish and other activities to start in the coming years.
According to him, bio-mining will help to clean up the old waste through value recovery and thus they will renovate the landfill.
These office bearers were confirmed by the General Secretary JNC-CEC Bah Wanshwa Suting and in his speech he said that the jaidbynriew is now in the grip of the synrang from the exploiters or benami who love in the name of the jaidbynriew. They don't sell their own flesh and blood.
Those found driving under the influence of alcohol will be punished under Section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act with a fine of T.10,000 or imprisonment for up to six months or both. the punishments.
He said that as a party, we are looking forward and want to promote this health care system which 170 other countries are looking forward to as one of the health care systems.
The next match will be between Mawpdang and Iatyllilang on Friday at the same time and venue.
At the meeting held on the 20th of this month, the MCVU said that the DC of STA and DTO Enforcement have promised to take immediate action and have also given a copy of the fare. bye bye.
The Rank of Brigadier means that you have to lead a Brigade on the battlefield.
The 17-year-old, who is studying in class 11 Science at Pine Mount School, has won 12 medals at the national level including 8 gold, 1 silver and 3 bronze medals. three bronze medals.
This was revealed by the Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar, in reply to a question by Lok Sabha MP, Bah Vincent H. .Pala, at the Lyiur Assembly on Thursday.
“The police will not be able to help you, but they will run away.
He said that the Sohra market needs to be improved and beautified as it is old and Sohra is one of the most famous tourist destinations in the state.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylves Ter Nongtnger, said that the arrest of these two men was made after receiving a tip that there was a smuggling of heroin from the country. Myanmar and was handed over to a person living in Madanryting.
On receiving information about the incident, the Umsning Police Outpost, together with the family members and residents, rushed to the scene to recover the body of the man. Umsning By-Pass Road.
Adding to his speech, he said that sports not only makes a person healthy but also strengthens and builds not only the physical strength but also the mind and at the same time encourages and encourage children to have a spirit of competition and teamwork.
Robert Tuelo, along with officials from the Forest and PWD Departments as well as from the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC).
“Meanwhile, Section 126 (2) of the Representation of People Act 1951 states that any person who violates sub section (1) shall be punished with imprisonment for up to two years or a fine. , or all articles.
He got home at about 4 pm because there was a traffic block.
Before the exile of the Mosaic Group, the Philistines and others ruled, ruled by one city and all authority was united in one nation and only in a few heads. the ruler, the minister, the commander of the army, who holds the sword of the ruler.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Charles Marngar expressed his gratitude to the students for opening the classrooms. of knowledge in the area as education is a tool in this age.
They also thanked the leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit and the Education Cell for their accompaniment during the meeting. DC and which reached success.
The same was done in the Garo bus areas in Bangladesh.
“We have gone to the scene to meet the family members of the victims and found that it was the fault of MeECL,” said the CSWO. one house is affected but it happened, the fire, also happened to other households.
The meeting was held at Chutwakhu Indoor Hall in the presence of the Wahhnong of Chutwakhu, Jowai, Philanderwell Lyngdoh in the presence of the President of the Jowai Wahhhnong Union, Alan Niangti and others.
Of course I would like to say that all those who visited are 100% of the farmers who have lost their children and friends from this work.
God is holy and He also calls us to holiness.
So Deisy left Riia on the road to the main road.
Namdong PHC has been planning to be upgraded to CHC for many years , but until now it has not been opened to the public .
Referring to many other questions, Justice Mahesh said it would be good if someone sent a letter to the commission so that the commission can discuss with the state governments on those letters.
"What I mean here is that many of the land here in the Khasi Hills which have their own traditional names like the suit ba shor u Mynbarim have begun to disappear slowly - pa - slowly in the course of time. The reason for this answer is that we have become too wise and too clever and too shyllang.
The beast will rule for only three and a half years, and one month, which means 1260 days + 30 days = 1290 days as recorded at Daniel 12:1
He said that the Hima Sohra has also empowered foreigners to become Rangbah Shnong by appointing Mulor to them and they issue village certificates to foreigners and this is against the customs and traditions.
If we find that there is any objection on the part of those who have done wrong, the Dorbar Shnong will have no other option and we will have to inform the law enforcement authorities to take the necessary action.
Another definition of Indigenous identity is that they are a backward ethnic group.
The KSU leader said that if necessary, the KSU will not only force the state government but will also force the government to return these two seats. it is an attempt to deprive the rights of the indigenous people.
In the first half, Synroplang FC took the lead by scoring two goals and lasted until the end of the first half.
At the same time, he highlighted the achievements of the government in various fields.
This is no longer a time of regional differences, or divisions of the Jaitbynriew, but it is a time of unity to fight the problems of the Jaitbynriew.
The DGP's office has submitted its inquiry report on 11th March and the charges against the officer involved.
They alleged that the yoga teacher's statement was murder under Section 499 of the Indian Penal Code and demanded that he apologize to the people. The IMA will demand that he pay Rs 1,000 crore, which is Rs 50 lakh, for each member of the party.
The CORP cannot accept the work without a roller and demands that the BDO's office should take responsibility and remove the contractor who cannot complete the work on time. not enough.
Prestone Tynsong said that the people of the state especially in Shillong should not leave their homes on the 14th of June from 6 pm as part of the prevention and control of the corona virus. to the person of the State Health Department to take the necessary action.
They also suggested that the money should be delivered directly to the bank accounts of the farmers in Laskeiñ and Thadlaskeiñ as in the rest of the state.
Similarly, the people who earn their living and who invest their money should not waste their hard work because once the money is lost, it is lost, and it will never come back.
“It doesn't matter now that they have created the rules, they have delayed, but what we want now is that the Act exists, the rules exist, we want them to implement the Act. “ said Bah Michael Syiem, who added that he will hold a public awareness campaign in the form of a ceremony to announce to the public that the Marriage Act has come into force.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Mayborn Lyngdoh from Pynthorumkhrah constituency and other leaders.
“Regarding the allegation that a decision has been taken to remove the stashu from schools, it is not true and there has never been such a decision.
The leaders of the union first met with a scientist named Dr BU Choudhury who is also in charge of the Water Department where there are Khasi workers who have been dismissed. The union leaders did not hesitate and went to meet with the CAO, Senior Grade GG Harakangi and Gauranga Ghosh, Senior Finance and Account Officer to discuss the issue.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has announced that the remaining examinations for Class XII will be held on Tuesday, July conduct an examination on the subject Statistics.
This was announced by the Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday while counting the number of voters among women, youth and persons with disabilities.
The true Christian life is the most precious of all.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said, “The Prime Minister has already seen the problems of the students especially the problems of travelling. It is decided not to have school buses to transport the students.
At first, he thought that there was a car working in a nearby factory, but he was not happy without going outside to see with his wife who was following him.
PMO India@PMOIndiaAnguished by the demise of Dr.Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the Meghalaya Assembly and former CM of the state.
“He asked again about the rules and regulations that the factory owners have to follow. The CEM said that they should get the NOC from the villages, the Dolloi of the Elaka, the Single Window Agency, the documents. deal with companies and others.
It has also become clear that the BJP does not have enough candidates to contest as its candidates.
At Laitumkhrah Police Station, a team of Rynjah Police Station under the leadership of Dy-S. Sp(L&O) Jyoti Wahlang MPS and ASP Dewansh Pandey IPS have arrested a 29-year-old man involved in these cases.
“These who are arrayed in white robes, who are they, and where did they come from? Verse 14 says, And I said unto thee, Lord, thou knowest.
According to him, only T.657.05 crore has been allocated by the Central Government for the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme.
“NEEPCO has a target of generating 2057 MW of electricity from the North East and this corporation has the potential to become one of the best government enterprises in the region,” she said. KSU in the petition.
The order is also the decision of the court in the hearing since 2005 to ban the playing of loudspeakers from 10 pm to 6 pm in public places, which can lead to understanding of the health of the people living in these areas.
He said that what is surprising is that every year, he does not hold a dorbar to discuss matters for the benefit of the people, but he does all the matters alone and Sometimes when the elders of the village give advice and suggestions, he doesn't listen but he has the power alone.
In connection with this programme, the group has invited those who wish to participate to submit all the requirements, and for more information they can contact at 88221 41591/
“If you people rebel, we will not hesitate to apply the power of the law.
Ma Nehlang was accompanied by his family members and supporters including former and current MDCs from Rymbai to the office of DC Khliehriat. He will contest against UDP candidate Kyrmen Shylla, VPP candidate Damewanhi L Rymbai and other candidates.
Therefore, you will have this kind of gift as long as you feel comfortable giving.
In a statement sent by Bah Barly Nongum K.Dkhar and other supporters of the MLA, he said that it would be better for Kong F. Marngar to apologize to him. MLA because there are no other options because according to sections 499 and 500 to 502 of the Indian Penal Code, no one is prohibited from speaking words that affect the human dignity and those who are complained against under these rules of law shall pay whatever amount is specified in these rules not that the respondent shall claim but the law requires.
He has ignored the problems of the truck drivers and the Prime Minister has been busy looting the people of the State,” said the AITC. it was never true.
Speaking on the occasion, Bajop Pyngrope, Spokesperson of the NPYF, said that those who want to go to Assam are the ones who enjoy the benefits they receive from the Assam government. “It's a good idea to go straight to Assam and this is the reason why there will be trouble,” he said.
The report said that there has never been a singer like the Weeknd and this singer has jammed and continued to attract many to listen to his songs and leave behind the Miley Cyrus, who has 82.4 million listeners, is followed by Shakira (81.6 million), Ariana Grande (80.6 million), Taylor Swift (80.2 million), Rihanna (78.5 million) and Ed Sheeran (77.5 million).
However, he suggested that the bill should be implemented after the end of the current term of the Council to avoid the mid-term elections.
The license application process should go through the right path and we know that if the Hima Mylliem and the District Council want to resolve this issue, they can do so easily; But the problem is that when you touch the ngap, it sticks to your hands and when you taste and understand that it is clean, you want to stir it all the time and then the subject of the bar license. state, it appears once in the newspapers and then disappears completely.
The High Court said this while hearing a petition filed by Flaming B. Marak against the government and others regarding the shortage of electricity in the state.
The FKJGP and the shlem have fulfilled their duty.
After the prayer, they went to take their own tea which was placed on a tray along with four kinds of food.
Dr. C Lyngdoh of the Congress party received 9907 votes against Sunshine Makri of the UDP party who received 8743 votes. In 2018, he received 7945 votes.
They also met with Sardar Vallabhai Patel, Chairman of the Constituent Assembly Sub Committee for Minorities and Tribals, who promised falsely that the Khasi States will join India only on the basis of 1Defense,2.
They have been hiding in their homes every day.
K.Borah, who have completed many projects which have benefited the villages and the community.
These clubs include Baroda FC (Gujarat), Chanmari Zothan Futsal (Mizoram), Kuppuraj FC (Puducherry), Super Strikers FC (Karnataka), Speed ​​Force FC (Telangana), Sporting Clube de Goa (Goa), Delhi FC ( Delhi), Real Kashmir FC (Kashmir), Telongjem FC (Nagaland), Classic Football Academy (Manipur), Mangal Club (Odisha), Niaw Wasa United Sports & Cultural Club (Meghalaya), Bengaluru FC (Karnataka), TRAU FC (Manipur ), Mohammedan SC (West Bengal), Sudeva Delhi FC (Delhi).
District Social Welfare Officer Smt.
Furthermore, another issue, which is relevant here, is that the people of the country, have become angry with the politicians and want to take their own decisions and that is why there is no political leaders, who were able to speak at the ceremony.
The court has fixed the hearing for 30th November 2018, which will also be the final hearing of the court.
Earlier, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong had criticized the MUA-II government for delaying the mid-term MDC elections even after six months of the resignation of seven MDCs. yet.
Because the Devil of Destruction will dwell in that Temple in Jerusalem, he will pretend to be God, whom the Bible calls 'the Man of sin' (2 Thessalonians 2:4).
Voting is the process of democracy.
What is not right is right.
The government's failure to implement the building has angered the Mawtari village leaders, who have already allocated 20 acres of land, but now it has been left alone. implementation, even when many parts of the Building have been completed.
KSU President Laitphar Syngkrem, General Secretary Lurman B Talang, War Jaintia Circle Head Leningrad Tariang and other members of the KSU in the presence of Pdengshakap Waheh Shnong Forward Shylla and Secretary Shnong. Shailang Pakyntein visited the school on the 3rd of this month.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Shella is pleased to express the concern that the residents of the village should come to the office in Sohra at such a time. -charge Revenue Section to come to Shella on any day to consider such households who have problems through the increase in their Bill and to resolve and explain to the people of the Shnong if there is any mistake.
On the other hand, Home Minister Rajnath Singh has made it clear that the government is ready to talk to the North Eastern Forest Organizations, but on the basis of that if they cease, they shall not fight against them.
Shillong, November 16: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, Dr. RC Laloo, on Tuesday said that the demand of the groups to remove Khasi from compulsory elective subject is merely a feeling. bad mind.
During the hearing, the court also dismissed the PIL filed by Greneth M. Sangma, saying that it was an attempt to pollute the water.
The Government has directed the Districts to issue an order ban ban this practice and to issue an order as soon as possible to inspect the labor licenses. The members of the District Council, private individuals or organizations shall not do so.
In this regard, it is sad to know that about 70% of the farmers in our state, which has about 80% (farmers), do not have their own farmland.
The first match of the second semi final of the Meghalaya U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 was a perfect day for the bowlers in Tura. The District Cricket Association (DCA) will play against the DCA in Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi today.
The second theme is “Freedom and equality of parents and children”.
Of course, in Meghalaya there is no persecution of Christians because they are many, but the persecution of Christians and other minorities in Assam and elsewhere, should affect the spirit of identity of us living in Meghalaya.
Summing up the speech by the CEM and EMs of KHADC, they said that the opening of the KHADC Court will be of great benefit to the people of Nongpoh area and the people of the country. Bhoi as a whole, because many cases between Khasi fellow Khasi, can be heard and settled within this court.
The incident came to light after a 10-year-old boy turned into a man.
Those who are eligible to obtain these documents must have a Registration Certificate, Insurance, Fitness, Permit, Trading License for Foreigners, Passenger Tax, Professional Tax, MLMTU Certificate.
The Sub Center also has a delivery room and a newborn care unit.
The Congress MDC from Sohra constituency has issued a Zero Hour Notice to comment on the Rupang news that “Nongpoh is too big, Laban is too small for T. .133 crore of KHADC”, the issue and the Zero Hour has stirred up the House with the participation of many MDCs. The committee led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM has been appointed as the CEM.
In Meghalaya, after 40 years of independence, this is the first time that an MLA has not been able to attend the dorbar after being in jail for his crimes.
The reason is that officials from government ministers to police are involved in corruption.
The members of the committee are President Yowansuk Rymbai, General Secretary Sikaishuh Dkhar, Vice President Teibormi Dkhar, Assistant General Secretary Mecki Dkhar, Publicity and Information Secretary Janta Dkhar and 14 members.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, will no longer contest from Mawhati in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections. Dasakhiatbha Lamare will contest from Nongkrem.
“Sangma has informed that he will release this patriotic song at the Meghalaya Day celebrations in Tura on Saturday.
One of these projects was exemplified by Bah Wanbor Nongspung who set up the Food Processing Unit to convert agricultural products such as soh, sying, wild sohmrit, shynrai, musla and others into products that can be used in another way.
Shini hasn't been there for many years.
AE Ambrose Marak, Director of Higher and Technical Education, Government of Meghalaya and Bah R. Mawroh, Principal Consultant of Rashtriya Higher Education Abhiyan (RUuSA) and Executive Engineer of PWD in charge of the building. in Jowai, with the participation of the Students Union of the College.
“This government's failure to implement the State Employee Policy and the law that the private sector should employ up to 80% of the youth in the state has upset the youth. On the 4th, I will sit at the Secretariat gate,” said Bah Louis.
According to Bah Sniawbhalang, the situation in Khanduli has stabilized and there have been no new incidents.
Besides, the CM said that about 3,000 jobs have been created in government departments and these include 500 doctors, 30 nurses and technical staff and 1000 teaching jobs.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle has requested all candidates to submit their marksheets, certificates and residential certificates by 20th December 2023 to Ma Francis Dkhar.
Shillong, Lber 22: Meghalaya are leading the opening match of the Col CK Nayudu Trophy against Sikkim on Tuesday in Bhubaneswar.
The district through the office of Agriculture should have conducted awareness programs to the residents on how to plant and use these varieties in the district so that farmers can earn a living through these varieties.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary in charge of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) should not be afraid to criticize the government for not arresting them. but they should come and talk to the government, and if they want to talk abroad, the government is ready to talk anywhere.
Furthermore, the three parties said that not only do they not want to take part in the boycott election, but they will also take other stronger measures or even hold it. Public Curfew in Polling Areas at all Polling Stations in the area.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 1,0
Justice Sen directed the Registrar to seek clarification from Bah Nongrum and two English newspapers, The Shillong Times and the Meghalaya Times, on why they should not be prosecuted. the insulting speech against the Court that appeared in their newspapers.
Laskar said that if Lotha accepts the 48-hour meeting without any conditions, he will be ready to meet in Shillong or any part of the country. Meghalaya and this should be in front of the journalists and other dignitaries of the State.
The counting of votes will be held on the 24th.
Speaking on the festival, all of them praised the KHADC and said that the management of the festival has been very successful.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that in order to improve the recruitment process, the State Government has changed the working methods of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) and the All applications must be submitted to the Recruitment Board.
Justine Dkhar, who is in New Delhi, said that at the meeting, the BJP leaders asked him to join the party.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the light outage in the state is due to the failure of the power plants in Tripura and Kupli. for thou hast nothing to lose.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 02: The WKSU Central Body on Tuesday visited the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District to discuss the decline and shortage of food in West Khasi Hills District according to the report released by the NFHS & NITI. 2015-16.
The JSU at this meeting has set a goal to recruit more women members in all areas so that women too can have the opportunity to express their voice on any issue in the society.
When asked about the punishment that the UDP wants, Dr. Jemino said it is up to the BJP and the MDA leader, because the UDP attended the meeting and it was invited by the BJP. Jowai, Naitung 08 : The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy (2ND Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022) was organized by the UDP. The 2013 World Cup was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
On the other hand, Moolamylliang Village invites and welcomes everyone to attend this celebration.
He said that the victory of the UDP in Sohiong is due to the love of the people for Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who has served the constituency for many years as an MLA. HDR Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) who has worked for the people and the constituency, and this (election) is an opportunity for the people to pay back by voting for Bah Synshar Lyngdoh" , said Mr. Metbah.
The incident happened at the government forest of Rymbai Elaka and the deceased were cutting contractors for coal mining.
Netje Sangma, 35, and a 3-year-old child died shortly afterwards while Prodison Marak, 50, died later. They were taken to Tura Civil Hospital.
To file a complaint and take action against the collapse of the State Legislative Assembly and to initiate an investigation immediately.
It is the people who will bring about a new political revolution and not the MLAs/MDCs as some people think wrongly.
On 21st June, 36 members of the Chin-Kuki Liberation Army (CKLA) and one member of the People's Revolutionary Party (PREPAK) were arrested. Pro) who came to surrender at the surrender ceremony held at Manipur Rifles Banquet Hall, Imphal where the Chief Minister – N Biren Singh was the chief guest.
While the Minister of PWD was answering a question in the House, the Prime Minister said that the Minister should prepare the answer tomorrow (which means now) because it is not appropriate.
He said that this is the aim of the BJP to ensure that the marginalized people should be helped and empowered first, and to implement this aim, the BJP has not created differences among the people. on the basis of age, gender, religion, ethnicity and so on.
When she went to the hospital for treatment, Asraf, who works there as a temporary worker, gave her a condom.
The training center has been allocated by the central government at a cost of T.15 crore and will be operational by
This was witnessed in East and West Jaintia Hills and it was also learned that even in Shillong there are those who misuse this equipment. A reliable source said that private individuals cannot use this equipment except not only the police who hold a higher position in their vehicles than other security personnel.
All the speakers strongly condemned the government's decision on their demand, and also blamed the leaders of Ri Lum Jaintai for their ignorance on the plight of these children. They also decided to give 7 days to the government to implement their demands. If it does not implement them within these 7 days, they will hold a strong protest.
He also praised Bah Sanbor Shullai for his hard work in bringing benefits to the people through this scheme.
In this regard, we have spoken to the elders of Langpih area including Bah T. Nonglang from Mawsikar and Bah P. Nongshlong from Mawïamsyiem, who said that if the Regional Committee on Border They should take action and expedite the start of the phase II inspection especially in the Langpih sector, as it is a place where clashes between Nepalis and Khasi occur from time to time.
No one was injured in the incident.
He said the district authorities have already identified four villages, Mutong, Cham Cham, Tuberkmai Village and Lumshnong to attract tourists not only from different states. country, but not across the Sea.
Art Education: Children shall be encouraged to demonstrate their unique talents, to demonstrate their intellectual development especially to know their nature.
According to Waiphangki Pala, he said that these girls were playing in the river and suddenly he heard one of them screaming and calling for help. to this woman.
The match will be held at the NSCA Mini Stadium.
“As the residents of this area, we are facing many difficulties in coming and going due to the excessive deterioration of this road which is full of snow and ice from Shilliang Myntang. The road connecting to Khanduli is 23 km long,” said Ma Wipi Suting, Waheh of Thadialong.
He said that the area has now turned into a shack and many kinds of evils have come out of the area.
When asked about the deadline for the resumption of the employment, Kong Lyngdoh said, “The question of how long this will take will be something that the government will have to take part in. can't tell when we'll start again".
Furthermore, the petition stated that there are 17 Khasi villages in the area and these villages have existed since before India gained independence. They use the Khasi language, but due to the lack of attention by the Meghalaya government, the residents of these areas have been forced to leave their homes. They have been harassed and persecuted by the Assam government in many ways.
After receiving the resignation letter, John said that he immediately informed the ex officio president and Minister in charge of Sports, Banteidor Lyngdoh. , and today, 15th July 2022, he convened the executive council meeting of the MSOA, to discuss the resignation of Chiranjib Choundhury.
However, we should have called it 'New Marriage' because it is still new.
On the other hand, the Minister immediately went to the hospital to meet with the doctors and the woman from Mawlasnai area to find out more about the cause.
The event was attended by the Dean of Students Welfare, NEHU Prof. RL Nongkhlaw, Shri N. Das Assistant Director (Physical Education & Sports), NEHUSU officials and about 500 students of the school. Many of them took part in this rally.
To take on such a position as a leader is not an easy task and you have to face many challenges.
“They have suffered and been tortured and have not received the same human rights as other villages, they have been treated not only like slaves but like animals. “It's a shame that I'm being tortured in all aspects,” said Bah Aibor.
In a letter to the Minister of Education, HYC Enlang Sawian, Education Secretary Enlang Sawian, on Monday, said that the lack of CUET centers in the state has forced the students of the state to enter classes. UG and PG students across the country have to travel to Guwahati, Assam to sit for the examination.
“I have not met the producer and on my part, I have done my duty,” said Barua.
Regarding the security measures in the Free Zones outside the Surveillance Zone, pig farmers have been directed to clean their pig pens and pig farms thoroughly and no one should be allowed to enter. the Farm.
Babu Mayborn said that if the government lacks funds, why does it spend billions of rupees on festivals and whether the money allocated by the government to the departments matches their performance? .
He said the ABVP Shillong Unit has demanded a thorough investigation into the incident and assured to cooperate with the police while the investigation is ongoing.
The results of the MLA elections will also change unexpectedly after 2nd October 2023 which is the new polling day in our state.
The closing date for submission of entries will be on 7-6-2022 by 6 pm.
When Bah Deng arrived, Lanosha was very happy and sent him into the living room.
Earlier, the Union in the morning, had met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma on the issue but during the meeting, the Minister had already said that the state government has not yet There is no intention to operate the EMRI 108 which is popularly known as the 108 ambulance in the state.
If there is still someone who cannot suspend his post, it means that in 2023 you are no longer eligible to become an MLA.” Bah Teibor said that the suspension is due to the renewal of the fee. of the work which the village officials also know.
Pilot's supporters have warned that if Pilot, who is a young man, cannot become prime minister, then another young man, whom they refer to as Rahul, will not be able to become prime minister. year you will come.
Taking these steps will help reduce jail overcrowding.
The relevant authorities have built helicopter landing sites in many places and allocated land in some farmland for the landing site of these aircraft.
The closure of shops and workplaces is not only because they are Christians but even the common people like to have a day off.
With humility I would like to advise you Christians, from the churches, religious leaders not to hold hands and not to hold hands especially if the candidate is ordained or completed theology ( Theologian).
Speaking to media, Bah Nidamon Chullet, President of JHTOA, said that on 14th November 2021, the JHTOA came to Lumshnong village after many trucks carrying dewbilat who intend to land in Silchar and Kalain and the refusal of the dewbilat factories to cooperate with those who refuse to pay the new transportation fee.
Dennis wrote to Carmen in Sin City in 1998 and there were rumors that they fell in love while they were drunk.
Whether it is in government offices, or in the education of school children, or in any private sector, they have now turned to online services. ) different to ease.
All the landslide areas have been cleared of landslides, and repair works will proceed quickly.
Police have also called forensic experts from Shillong to verify whether the remains belong to the woman.
After Niki's death, they were shifted to Dr Norman KJP Assembly Hospital Jowai but while being taken to Dr Norman KJP Assembly Hospital, her youngest son, Womdiaw Dkhar, 4 years old, died. Jeffry Dkhar, 7, her sixth son, died at 3:30 pm. Brial has lost her three sons. the seventh, and the ninth.
These MLAs are Alexander Laloo Hek from Pynthorumkhrah of the Congress, Sanbor Shullai from South Shillong of the NCP, Justine Dkhar from Khliehriat and Robinus Syngkon from Mookaiaw.
They will bring news that Amit Shah and Modi are still busy in the session of Parliament or that they are still busy with the elections in Assam and West Bengal and so on.
He was also sentenced to one year imprisonment under Section 363 IPC and fined T.1000 tyngka.
“May the good behavior that the Seng Samla Shnong has shown for 25 years continue to walk with courage by setting an example for the future generations and for the children. At the same time, through this special day of the youth, it can also bring closer the youth, the community and other areas through the presence of individual responsibility and through cooperation changes can be brought about in many ways.
Judah has been filled with bloodshed, the government has failed, the laws have failed, there is no justice, the country and the rulers have been filled with corruption. the crowd cried that ud.
The construction of the church started on 16th November, 2020 with the foundation stone laid by Most Rev. Archbishop Bejoy ND Cruze (while he was Bishop of Sylhet Diocese).
He said that if any of these people have difficulty in breathing, they should call 6909904336 or
:During the celebration for Meghalaya, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, met with the famous wrestlers from Meghalaya who have won three medals in the The Asian Arm Wrestling Cup in Uzbekistan has ended recently.
Goat herders took their herd of goats to the hilly Barsu region for grazing.
SHILLONG: The Executive Member of KHADC and MDC of Laitumkrah-Malki Constituency, Bah Neil Antonio War, has confirmed that he will contest again the MDC election to the KHADC Legislative Assembly from the UDP party.
The Minister of Education said that online education cannot replace the classroom teaching method, but it is a way to encourage students to get more education. teach online.
In the next morning, Bah Khien Mawkon in the presence of several journalists in the state went to meet with the Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem to lodge a complaint against him. In the evening, police arrested the suspect from the house.
He said that according to the 2011 census, the population of Khasi Jaintia is 14,11,775, while the population of Garo is 8,21,026 in Meghalaya.
Other remaining matters of the party are scheduled to be taken up by another committee which will be held on the 22nd of this month at the residence of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit at Lad Nongkrem. The names of the candidates for the mid-term MDC elections from the vacant constituencies have been announced.
Jowai, Nailur 24: The (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“I have spent about Rs 4 lakh for the repair and maintenance of my house.
Nongpoh, July 24: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM), 20 Mer Circle, today visited the road from Umling to Lailad, which has been deteriorating badly in these months and years without anyone looking after it. they didn't look at me.
The KSU said that there is one doctor at the PHC and on the day of the incident he was not at the PHC. services in this clinic.
Although it is true that all the Khasi tribes beginning with the word 'Khar' are descended from the Dkhar mother, but when you look at the shape of the tree, the rynieng ryniot and the skin of them, , they are the same as other Khasi brothers.
“There are many who have applied for tickets but we have formed a committee, we have fought for a thorough investigation and in a few days, the President will give his approval,” he said.
"If the Jaidbynriew is strong, the Jaidbynriew will slowly fall into history.
Dapmon Pohtam has rescued a leopard cat from the endangered species.
Not only in the administration of khadar but in any other field, if you look closely, those who are in charge and led by women are different and run smoothly whether it is in the church, social activities, you don’t volunteer and so on.
One of the reasons why we want to preserve this stone is that most of the time, the people in Ri Lum Khasi don't know exactly where this stone is, but now through the media, they have learned that He is located in an unknown village in Ri-Bhoi District.
Pyndengrei won their first victory in the tournament by beating Riangdo 2-1
In the women's category, Shillong Labet won a cash prize of Rs 25,000 and a trophy while Tyllilang Basketball Academy won a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and a trophy.
The people of Meghalaya and Assam live in peace with our government and the Prime Ministers want only that.
The Director said that these buildings are only for the Block Institute of Teachers Education (BITE) and if the full funds are received, they will be converted into District Institute of Teachers Education (DIET). ) of the district,” said the Seng.
“After that incident, the village and the police department have been monitoring and there have been fewer stunts but what is more difficult for us to monitor here is because these children who do stunt These stunts were not done while people were walking and standing but they were done while it was quiet,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Sarita said she took the decision to contest the election not just to hold it as a spectacle but because she has a spirit of concern to work for the people of Mawlai.
In this regard, the Congress has accused Conrad Sangma of being a Prime Minister who protects corrupt people.
As a sign of respect for the journalists, the union, through its media cell, distributed cakes to each of the journalists' offices.
To raise awareness among the residents regarding the production of nutritious food, NESFAS and SURE held a workshop with the Participative Guarantee Scheme PGS groups, as well as the village leaders of Shkenpyrsit on the 21st of this month. Pius Rani, Senior Associate of NESFAS, said that the people of this village cultivate up to 25 varieties of jhur and six of these are fruit forest.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the decision of the High Court will not affect the border settlement talks between Assam and Meghalaya. the Court made another decision.
Thus we Khasi have become foreigners and mynder in our own country.
SP West Jaintia Hills Lakador Syiem said they have taken steps to deploy police and CRPF personnel.
According to the source, the MDC candidates who have decided to apply for the Congress ticket are also people who have close ties to the Congress politicians whether they are MLAs, MDCs or Nongialammba. Congress are also the people of the candidates who lost the MLA elections. It is also worth mentioning that according to the wind in Pynursla Constituency, if the division of the constituency has not been completed, there will be up to two constituencies. Lyngkyrdem and Nongshken Constituencies, which means that the Congress ticket campaign is very strong in Nongshken Constituency as there is Congress MDC Bah J. Tynsong in Lyngkyrdem.
Bah Marshillong said that as a village, the village needs a lot of assistance and it is time for the government to turn to this area to create the means to help them.
Thus, just as trees provide shelter and shelter for birds, without trees they are dry and quiet, birds fly around all day but at sunset they return to their homes. they skum in the tree.
The KSU demands that the government should take over all the areas occupied by the army, so that the people can live in peace and order and also to reduce the congestion in Shillong.
Arwanki Dkhar scored the first goal in the 73rd minute.
Rupari, also known as Bahdeng, was in class 2 at a school in the same village.
Fortunately, with the passage of time, the villagers have become wise and understand the value of khadar rule and there has been a discussion among many that it is time to think again in the way of electing leaders and to Business men are no longer allowed to enter the Assembly because they don't have time to serve the people, they don't have time to think about the issues to be discussed in the Assembly or District Council for the betterment. but it seems that they are doing the work of leadership only to improve their business and to do the work of khadar administration only as a business.
“On the part of the Minister of State for Child Development, the Government of India has announced that the distribution of fertilizers to the farmers of the State will start soon,” he said.
The winners were awarded prizes by EMH Passah, Working President of WJDSA, in the presence of SK Lato, Honorary General Secretary, Lammat-oo Laloo, Vice President, Patrik Lamare. Members of WJDSA, family members of (L) U Adelbert Laloo and others who were invited along with the supporters from both sides.
After receiving information about the incident, the complainant went to the Rangbah Shnong who advised her to lodge a complaint with the police.
The Government of India has directed a special team of NTCA officers to work with those working in the Kuno National Park.
Rephica was the second runner in the 42.195 km race with a time of 4 hours 15 minutes.
Earlier, 18 cases were reported from Ahmedabad to Guwahati, 14 from Golaghat, two from Karbi Anglong and one from Lakhimpur.
Speech was also delivered by the Deputy Rangbah Shnong, Bah Ban L.Nongbri who said that this viewpoint has been neglected for a long time due to the lack of responsible leaders and this place has been neglected. be a place of wickedness and all manner of evil.
Others who attended the function included DP Wahlang IAS, Additional Chief Secretary, HWT Syiem IAS, former Secretary and President of the North Eastern Council and Shillong Cricket Association. Naba Bhattacharjee, former Honorary Secretary of the MCA and Coordinator of the BCCI Task Force and Advisor to the Hon.
The visit was accompanied by HOD Radiation Oncology Department Dr. Anisha Mawlong, HOD Pathology Department Dr. WB Langstieh. health.
Regarding this issue, the Rangbah Kur said that it is unacceptable for the SRT leaders to make this unfounded claim. take away the right of thy wife.
In the tennis event, 14 participants took part in the tournament.
Bah Antonio and the independent MDC from GHADC will be welcomed tomorrow by the BJP at Shillong Club in the evening.
Just because you feel that the past was wrong, you shouldn't punish the Khasi youth who are stupid and have nothing to do with the past but who just want to get their rights. less government.
The Government has also discussed the issue of 2,192 youths who are abroad and in this regard, the Government requests those who are abroad, not to return, until by the end of June 2020.
East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills have received more than other districts of the state.
These wrestlers have brought fame and glory to their state in their journeys to represent the state in wrestling tournaments both inside India and abroad. country.
In terms of international tournaments, Solomon has also represented Israel 35 times and scored five goals.
Only it happens and it happens.
“We live only Khasi here in Motphran and there are no other ethnic groups and in fact, the government should have taken care of this place,” said the vendors.
“The citizens of Delhi do not want bloodshed and this is done by the exploiters and these are politically involved and foreigners,” he said.
“Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.
Leviticus 23:23-25.
Now let us turn back to the struggle between the Khasi Hills and the British India Company.
The ration was distributed by the distributors of Pamrakmai FPS Center and the VO Pamrakmai Village, East Jaintia Hills District. The DC Supply, EJH has been operating under a lot of complaints and accusations from the ration card holders against the dealers distributing rice in the village regarding the lack of kilos and lack of rice.
The Durbar Kur or Seng Kur play an important role in the society these days especially in this age of foreignness.
Sunshine scored 38 runs from 31 balls while Jason scored 16 runs from 28 balls.
However, these Voters Information Slips cannot be used by voters as identity cards at polling stations.
Police have destroyed the IEDs and the investigation is ongoing, the report said.
He said that regarding the rnga, they have seized and arrested them and they will have to take them to Mawiong Shillong, where the department will take action. He said that if the authorities give permission, they will have to continue to conduct raids in other parts of West Khasi Hills.
A local official said about 30 others were injured and taken to various hospitals in the city.
“All the entry and exit points of the state whether connecting with other states or with the country should be closed first and the movement from one district to another should be restricted,” he added. fine.
Bah Alos Nongpoh, said that the people can see the number of these birds until 4 pm, because in the morning they go to different places in search of food.
In the middle of the second half, Lajong played better and in the 71st minute, they managed to score again through Samuel Lalmuanpuia.
The program was conducted by Handleson Lamin Gadew and the program was enriched by songs by the youth of the village, including Sardis Dkhar and Barikynti Khonglah.
Village leaders who attended the ceremony included Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi, Bah PB Sylliang Secretary, Bah Marcus Marten. President of HNYF Northern Region, other elders and many Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning.
They said in the complaint that when they arrived at the place, they could not work for a while despite being harassed by the owners of the house who did not pay them.
Besides the existing Shillong City branch, the HSPDP today launched three branches, one East Khasi Hills, Youth Wing and Women's Wing.
This angered U Sud, who staged a dharna at Rai, Bahadur Jodhamal Road, Hoshiarpur and demanded that those involved in the crime should be punished.
Liverpool beat Brighton 1-0 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Manchester City and Inter Milan are also in the process of signing Messi.
After the raid, the police said that the drug traffickers were arrested and charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, while the drug users were taken to the police station. rehabilitation centers' to provide assistance to them.
These arrested persons are those who have passed the Follower examination which has been passed by about 2,000 candidates.
To participate in this competition, you can fill out the online form at www.facebook.com/modernexpressionsjowai and you don't have to pay anything.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the Lajong Language will be included as one of the subjects in all the examinations in the state. to promote these indigenous languages ​​while the State is awaiting approval to include them in the Sixth Schedule.
Not only that, besides these landslides, the roads are very bad due to the excessive snowfall which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers in which it takes many hours to reach their destinations. intend to go.
“According to the agreement, the Forum should have paid the bill for the temporary construction during the two days of the Monolith Festival from the money it has collected, but the Forum has not been able to pay the contract. said Bah Tein.
Besides, if we look at the situation of the people living in Langpih sector, on the part of the Khasi, they may have some ar maloi, because they have been registered falsely by the Assam government. so many local robbers who have done it without the knowledge of the owners, just for their own benefit.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner Jowai, has inaugurated the Skill. Training for the residents of Nongtalang on Tuesday.
He said that the union demands that the government should set up a PHC in the village, as the village is one of the villages which is far away from other villages in the border area and is peaceful. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate from all the villages,” he said.
Shillong: A woman has lodged a complaint with the police that her monthly salary of T.6,000 has stopped after her husband retired from his job.
He said that if we only point fingers at the NPP, it is not right because in the MDA government all the political parties contesting the election are now there, and once they do good or bad, they will. The NPP should take responsibility because all the work done by the Government is not decided by the NPP alone.
What is ahead now is that the winter will come, the times of trouble.
In the second half, both the teams played hard without giving up and passed the ball in a beautiful manner and scored goals each other.
When asked if they cannot form a Riewlum government, they will sit in the opposition, Bah Metbah said that for now they will sit as a party and decide later.
During the investigation, it was found that about 128 of the members of the party do not have proper documents to allow them to pass through these areas.
He said that if the people themselves have a feeling for the people, they should allow the UDP to have a number that can really lead the state. we shall also be able to show the works that the people themselves desire.
The Union has requested all the Officers and Government employees to ensure their working hours and homecoming hours so that they can fulfill their duties as assigned. in them.
They said that the Assam government has also allocated assistance for agriculture through the Agriculture Department, but the Meghalaya government has not felt it is useful to allocate development works because the Assam police have not. I'm not sure what to do.
e siangna' which means 'that Purno wants to kill these things before he dies'
In this regard, all those who have EPIC or who will receive EPIC have been directed not to make mistakes in their names, clans, villages and other details related to the EPIC when submitting the forms.
Speaking on the case of a person from Tripura who tested positive for Covid-19 in Shillong, he said that he came to NEIGRIMHS Hospital on 6th November 2020 for treatment. He was placed in the isolation ward and a sample was taken to test positive.
The Seng is surprised that the EM incharge of Taxation is not aware of the agreement between the council and the taxpayer, because according to the agreement between the council and the taxpayer, it is clear. The council has awarded these check gates to a man named Eddy Stone Shylla for three years at a cost of Rs 32 lakh.
The death toll has risen to 12, with 11 deaths in East Khasi Hills and one death in East Jaintia Hills.
The reason for the release of these three persons is that once they have been arrested by the Assam Police, the families have to face many problems because those who have been arrested have been detained for months and even years. and they have to spend lakhs of rupees to release them.
He said that the Civil Hospital should have a separate dormitory for the prisoners who are being treated and not to sleep with the public. It is the lack of space and the police will take action on this issue because at present only the name has been upgraded while the building remains the same.
AmenThe Cross.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said, “We are pleased to inform you that both the two national parties have reached an agreement on the basis of ensuring that the RDA will remain united and will continue. to work for the good of the party.
"( Exodus 14:13 & 14).
The Congress has not yet announced its candidates from the two constituencies of East Jaintia Hills, Mookaiaw and Khliehriat. by Justin Dkhar.
Not only that, but the household borrowing rate has increased this year to 5.8 percent from 3.8 percent in 2022 and this shows that households, these days, trust in their own needs, by borrowing or asking for help from others, for their own needs in the home.
In Garo Hills, recently, residents had to walk 700 meters to take a sick woman to a hospital.
The Home Minister, Lahkmen Rymbui, has been silent instead of saying that the police chief involved in the corruption case should be suspended immediately. that he cannot mushlia the documents related to this case in which 29 vehicles of various types were purchased but which were not registered due to insufficient documents.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 11: A commercial taxi (ML06-7484) collided with a Sumo (ML06-6757) on Tuesday morning. Fortunately, no casualties were reported but all the people inside the taxi were seriously injured.
Speaking at the Fourth Convocation of ICFAI University held at Tura Campus, the Prime Minister said, “I am a person who has failed many times in my life and many people don't know or know anything. the word.
As the days went by, the blood pressure of the princess increased when she saw the amazing power of the khon rympha and his actor-like appearance.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 01: The District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public announcement that there will be no polio vaccination for children under 5 years of age across the country. South West Khasi Hills District.
Titos said he was disappointed that some leaders have been spreading rumors in the past few months and saying “Bah Titos is ill and cannot contest the election anymore. Please strengthen me by wishing all the people of Sohra good health”.
But when Jesus the Son of God, the King of kings, died again, we say good Friday! The reason is that Jesus the Son of God came from heaven to earth to die, says the Word of God.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister and now Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma has rejected the allegation by the UDP that it was the Congress that first introduced the CAB to make Hindu citizens Indians. in Pakistan.
The Court said that although there is no weighbridge, it is necessary that such vehicles, some of which do not have number plates, have not followed the cargo limit and the authorities have treated them blindly.
Pynshai M Syiem is a former MLA of Mylliem, who contested the last MLA election from Mawphlang Constituency and was defeated. Mawphlang – Diengiei Constituency. His daughter Teilinia, who was also defeated in the 2013 MLA election from Mylliem Constituency, has contested as an independent candidate. Shillong, Jymmang 06: Two arms dealers have been arrested from a village in South Garo Hills district while they were trying to supply arms to the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA). on Tuesday.
At the same time, the Prime Minister promised to convene another meeting with the leaders of JACATAM after the end of the budget session to discuss the matter in more detail before going to the end.
On this National Youth Day, the State Youth Wing of the State Youth Wing of the State of Hynniewtrep, would like to extend its special greetings to all the youth of the state.
To the east, it is bordered by the largest river in Khasi-Jaintia, the Kynshi River and the village of Thynrang Khmahjah.
Palestinian militants fired 1,800 rockets and Palestinian troops attacked 600 houses, destroying three buildings in Israel.
Essential services include Food Cooperation of India, Electricity, Water Supply, Security, Municipal Services.
Rev. SS Majaw, Chairman of the Governing Body of the Hospital, Tbn FJ Mairom, Organizing Secretary, Rev. Dr. BL Nongbri, Member Souvenir Sub Committee, Rev. HE Marbaniang, Member Governing Body of the Hospital. Body, Dr. R Nongrum and other doctors and nurses.
The team was led by Isaiah Kharmawphlang as coach along with Reuben Lulam and Echwamida O Phawa.
Such an explanation from the MBOSE authorities is unacceptable and has become increasingly likely to mislead the ignorant public.
You can get about 10 spah of pai.
Shillong: Mawpat SC have reached the semifinals of the 4th Assam Rifles Invitational Football Tournament after beating Nongkrem 4-1 at the Assam Rifles Stadium in Laitkor on Saturday.
The expectation of the organizers of the tournament was to see the stadium full, but it was disappointing to see on social media that the stadium was empty on the opening day of the tournament. long only one-fourth.
Sweetymon said that Mawkhar has been the brain of Ri Khasi since ancient times and she congratulated and congratulated the Women's Wing, the Dorbar Shnong and the office bearers for their success. the authority to administer the affairs of the whole village.
Even these days we see a young man who claims to belong to a party and goes to Polo to fight at the registration center whether the person who sells numbers there has a license or not.
The Seng also requests those who have the spirit to help, to lend a hand, whether small or large, to this poor family who have suffered from this problem, because the She also requested Bah Remington Pyngrope and Bah Banteidor Lyndoh who are the MLAs and MDCs of Mawkynrew to visit themselves and donate to the project. the family, especially the poor are happy because they are their own people.
Clue : means syrwet, yicksai-syrvet is the feeling of something that is suspected to be true, jyksai is the feeling of finding a little evidence that can lead to the truth.
Ma Kyrmen said the DHS has confirmed to complete the Oxygen Plant at Khliehriat CHC by July
For more than four years now we have worked together in understanding, whatever decisions have been taken for the good of the state but only because the election is approaching the leaders start accusing us of this and that, all these things I will leave it to the people to judge and decide by their vote.
These books are known as 'Ki Sur Mieng Ka Ri Umsnam' by Bah Andreas Sun, 'Knowledge from the Bible' by Bah Hamles Mylliemumlong and two books by Bah Kitbor. W Nongrum, 'Young People, Mothers and Fathers' and 'The City of Shillong'
The petition, sent to the CEM, Khasi District Council, said that the areas, which have been approved by the state government, are the Marwet area, where the ASTC office is located and where the ASTC office is located. The case is currently pending in the Supreme Court, Paham Kynso, Khanapara, which owns the Dreamland Resort, Iongkhuli farmland, Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima, the farmland leading to Maikhuli Square. of the Marwet Hima, Mylliem Hima, at Barapathar, Marwet Hima.
It is not without question whether the State Reservation Policy-1972 is true or not, whether it is an Administrative Order.
He said that Meghalaya is a state of peace and stability, where the elections are a festival of democracy.
The job of MLA is not easy if you do it properly.
“Of course, we have received news about the discovery of two bodies in this pardewiong, but we are still waiting for the exact report from the Deputy Commissioner and once we get the full report we will be able to confirm. this" he added.
HITO has closed down the market under the leadership of HITO Chief Organizing Secretary Solmon Rymbai.
“I want to say to them (other political parties), in our culture, in the culture of India as well as in the culture of the Khasi and Garo, we don't eat from the plate. .
Other decisions were on uranium (two lane road), railway and the re-election of the office bearers of the Central Executive Committee (CEC).
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem said that he has received information that there are FPS dealers and ration shops who have not sold the rice under the PMGKAY scheme. NFSA ration is available to ration consumers.
He also explained that it is necessary for the children who have dropped out of their studies part-time to return to school for their own benefit.
On the other hand, the Minister has promised to take care of the salary but has not yet given any confirmation of the 8 month arrear from 2016-17, said a statement from Bah L.Marngar, President, AMSSASTA. Central Body.
On this occasion, Meghwal also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions held at the festival.
Such incidents of violence by the Army against the people happen from time to time, not only in Mawshbuit but in other places as well.
Those who violate the order, the court can prosecute those who violate the law or the Contempt of Courts Act and has also directed the government to prosecute those who do so.
Thomas Jones brought the Khasi people out of the creek and the forest, and led them to the highway where the people grew.
However, although the NGT has given back the opportunity to the coal owners, it has given the government four months to submit its Mining Plan. for four months all the coal should be confiscated and auctioned.
Up to 93793 people have been infected in the past few years but 92193 people have recovered.
ML 04A 8496.
When asked whether this will be true or not, it will be just like in the past when the Congress MLAs have been slow and steady, but when it comes to the job, they are afraid to say a word about the leadership. “We will see when that time comes,” said one of the MLAs who did not want to be named.
Nongrum said that the government has mismanaged the life of Bah Thangkhiew from the beginning and now the government should admit its own mistake. and it should also consider the feelings of the residents as their demand is well-founded to temporarily dismiss the police chiefs so that the investigation will be transparent.
The Minister said that according to the soskular signed in 2007, although the state government does not receive electricity from the NTPC, the electricity department will have to pay Rs 11 crore per annum to the NTPC. “It is surprising that the government's decision in 2007 that the social agreement in those years has changed the present government, in which not only to buy Electricity from other companies will also be shut down and cause problems to the people in the state.
These four organizations have expressed their concern over the arrival of these foreign coal traders and have decided that from 07th January 2022 they will not allow these foreigners to come to buy coal in the district. If you find these foreigners opposed, you will be expelled immediately.
The Union has donated 50,000.00 (Fifty Thousand Types).
People within the containment area will have to stay at home.
“The people have come out because they trust the party and they want the candidates that the party has nominated in many constituencies,” said Bah Bajop. You will win the MLA election.
In Nagaland, 69 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Shillong: “I don't know, they just announced, but I haven't received it officially,” said Sanbor Shullai, in reply to a question by Rupang.com, whether he has received a ticket to contest the MP election. Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency.
The stimulation of the shniuh helps the blood to flow to the thighs, so that the shniuh grows and develops well.
US officials said a security guard was killed along with a robber during clashes in the Saudi capital of Jeddah on Tuesday.
The leaders of the union have received videos of people in the area, who have ringed 10 groups of people walking along a forest road in Kuliang near the Apha River. The union has also received information that there are about two or three sumo vehicles parked on the National Highway at Kuliang. to take the Dkhars to Bangladesh.
Shillong, June 10: According to the count of the Election Commission of India (ECI), the UDP constituency has the lowest number of voters in the state. It is one of the constituencies with the lowest number of voters in the 2014 Lok Sabha MP elections.
He said that not only he but many other members have the intention to come out and surrender themselves before the law so that they can start another life. Jongman joined the GNLA in June 2010 when he was 18 years old and was still high blood pressure. Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to lose its name in the state as one of the parties in the state. Rocky R Marak, Joint Secretary of the UDP in Garo Hills, has resigned.
“A case has been registered in connection with the incident and hard work is ongoing to arrest them,” he said.
:In another incident on 12th June at 3 pm, a man identified as Masoom Chaudhary son of Samsul Hoque Choudhary of Katigorah Noonnagar, Assam, was abducted by about 5 people. 6 persons were arrested in one vehicle with registration number ML-1
The next morning, Bah Shanbor once again left home without hesitation to go to Sor to meet with the lawyer before leaving for Thanat.
“As you can see, many of those who left the party have lost this election; and they can also be wrong about this," he said.
“The closure will start from 6 AM on 26th June to 6 pm on 27th June,” said Ma Ajoy Lywait. milk, ambulance, reporter.
Earlier, during the Congress ticket race in the constituency for the MLA elections, it was also alleged that Bah Drola is a man of Bah Vincent Pala while Bah Bah Paidang is a man of Bah Vincent Pala. Prestone Tynsong, both of them are Congress leaders.
The speech of Bah Sungoh, who was drunk on the night of 23rd June, has spread on social media and this has prompted religious groups and political parties to protest against his speech; However, Sungoh denied that it was his statement and lodged a complaint with the police against him.
Therefore, he should take responsibility for these issues, on the one hand which could lead to misunderstanding among the citizens of the State and therefore something should be done for his actions,” they said.
After investigation, the authorities have found that the disease has started spreading and affecting pigs in many villages in Imphal West District.
He said that within one year, the Social Welfare Department will try to set up up to 600 new Aganwadi Centers and the department also has a target to provide training to children in these Centres.
Police have registered a case against him.
At the same time, the minister said the government is in talks with the doctors who are doing their studies on behalf of the state government to ensure that they return after completing their studies.
Speaking on the occasion, the Speaker encouraged the parents to eradicate the misconceptions, superstitions which are one of the reasons for the lack of proper medicines for children and childbirth in health centres.
Soon, you will be able to complete the work of worship in Jwai Sarin by the law of Blai Nadooh Pynsin until Muchai.
We have seen what happens because of the excessive strength of one party in the Federal Government.
At the same time, we urge the pedestrians to be careful to avoid accidents.
The team was led by Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh, Arjun Sewa, Pynhunlang Kharbuli and Sunil Rathee as coaches and managers.
Vaincy Chaudhary scored 14 runs and Ankita Sharma 11 runs for Meghalaya.
Former Mylliem MLA and former General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Hamlet Dohling, has announced that he will hold a rally on the 15th of June at Umlyngka to showcase his power. Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP, came to give a speech at the same venue in Umlyngka.
Khliehriat, July 30: The Narwan Multipurpose Co-operative Society Ltd (NMCS) on Tuesday celebrated the beauty of Soh Ñiamtra through the Orange Festival which started on Tuesday. day and will conclude tomorrow Tuesday.
There are also parents who don't want to hurt their children and even provide the internet for their children to use.
Donboklang said the NPP West Jaintia Hills District Unit has sent its condolences to the family especially to the husband, children and all those related to him.
If anything happens to this house, the Lamphang, the members of the High Powered Committee and the contractors/companies will have to take responsibility.
He said that the party is not talking about this issue to bring about ethnic discrimination between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, but to improve the roster system so that the recruitment should be done. The same applies to the Garo or Khasi-Jaintia because we live in one state.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Sordar of Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem, has been released from jail after being detained for 20 days since 30th June,
Pynïaid, who won the mid-term election from Mawryngkneng constituency from the NPP, was defeated by the VPP candidate Heaving Stone Kharpran.
Students who are over 21 years of age and who have passed the Degree Examination and have scored 50% marks can apply for this free training.
However, despite the raid, the group of Kanol Mazah on 27th July 2019, at 4 pm or more, came to the place of worship. They destroyed the wall and entered to worship or thank God in the name of the raid as the Sordar of the raid.
Nongpoh, March 16: After the Meghalaya High Court ordered the demolition of the buildings to improve the Umroi Airport in Ri Bhoi District, police and district authorities today conducted a search operation. The houses in Umroi area have been destroyed by the construction of the airport.
You may ask me, “Is a priest called a pastor?” I will tell you this- In 1989 when I was a pro pastor in the Presbyterian Church, I went into a house of a relative of I'm from Nongkrong.
The CEM has promised that he will not act hastily on this matter, but will read it carefully and will not go against the will of the people.
The foundation stone of IIM Shillong was laid on 1st November 2007 and the course started on 4th November 2008, with 63 students in the PGP Programme. .
The question now is whether if Remington Pyngrope joins the NPP, will the UDP nominate another candidate or will it leave to the HSPDP, its ally in the 2018 elections.
Besides Modi, Amitabh Bachchan sent his condolences to Khan, who passed away today at the age of
Nigeria is a powerful oil producer as well as heavy on illegal oil trade activities across the entire Nigeria and especially in the border areas where there are frequent encampment incidents fires and fires of petrol pipes and petrol stations which burst and catch fire due to inadequate installation and unsafe location.
Titos said he is an old man who doesn't want a seat, he is happy with the party's orders and he says he will wait until the time comes.
The DC Ri Bhoi, has urged that those people who have visited these banks after that date, should listen to their health and stay away from other people and family members, if they find themselves infected with the virus. If you have any problems with breathing, coughing and fever, please contact the District Control Room No.03638232028/1077 and Health Help Line No.
English Solo :- The first place went to Ms. Nuaichalin Gangmei of Lissy Pearl Secondary School, Mukhla, the second place went to Ms. Hobby Phawa, Ialong and the third place went to Ms. EmbhahTalang, Head Raij.
Therefore, it is on this basis that the Rangbah Kur have visited the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District on 20th November, 2022 to meet with the petition to demand that the office PWD (Roads) should first stop the planting of mawpud inside the land of the Kur Lai Kynja Ksanmaw.
And we have heard that there are some who say that we have District Councils and it is through Article 244(2) that we can empower the Dorbar Shnongs.
He said that for the pastors, members and delegates who came from Thursday 18th should go straight to the church at 11 pm to register and those who stayed overnight should be provided with accommodation and should take jain stang is no longer available.
The Bishop called upon the faithful to unite and avoid these unnecessary things which destroy the Church.
When such diseases occur, the soil is covered with a shyiap that is low in the ground, because it dries more quickly when placed high.
Her brother-in-law, Wominstar Binong, criticized the post-mortem report, saying that Walinda's body had blood stains on the chest, body, neck, arms and legs. The mark on her neck does not mean that she was from a sdien but that she was covered with a tyllai after being shot.
Jowai, July 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle, today donated Mawblok and Dewbilat to a family affected by the flood at Moodymmai village. , West Jaintia Hills.
Jowai: The Chiefs of two districts, West Karbi Anglong District, Assam and West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya have decided not to interfere in development works for the benefit of the people. public residents.
Besides, Bah Ymbon said that these two groups also play a major role in assisting the government authorities and the police department in order to maintain peace and order and in terms of providing security from the the role of dignitaries, in the provision of security for many departments of the central government, state government and other institutions.
In a complaint to the DGP, Kong Agnes said that this is a threat to the security of the country and the state while the state is fighting against the infiltration of foreigners because these people are traffickers. by demanding money to hire people and deceiving them.
Regarding the seizure of Kyiad, K. Rimsu, Inspector of Excise, said that the raid was carried out after receiving a tip that the area is a hotbed of illegal sale of Kyiad. and especially during this time of closure, because if there are such shops selling kyiad, it will attract people from different places.
In what year did John Robert come to Sohra and how did he come to work?
It is surprising to see the letter of u bah/kong “which appeared in Rupang on 26th November 2018 under the heading, ““.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council has set up a revenue collection gate and prevented the Khanduli residents from farming.
This is an employment opportunity for many job seekers and employees not only in Mawlai but from other places as well,” said the union.
These include Eliezer Suiam of Shangpung Khliehmuchut, Ri-o Myrboh of Mawsiang Nongkhroh and Tympang Tangliang of Iooksi.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 04 : The Dorbar Shnong Langja, West Khasi Hills and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday night visited the Post Office of Langja Village.
The assistance includes assistance to those who are studying, self-employed especially women, as well as the delivery of water to the households.
Does Conrad Sangma know better than Bah Renik or Bah Prestone who personally went to the villages to listen and collect information on the condition of the land and from the villagers,” said the statement. HYC General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem was also present.
“NEHU should immediately withdraw this announcement, as it is this announcement which has caused problems in the colleges of the state,” said the General Secretary of MCTA, Dr. Airpeace Rani.
Amlarem, Nailur 12: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of September, 2022 has been released to all households in the province. NFSA (AAY & PHH) from today till 15th September, 2022 according to the following rules.
It is understood that the missing Arunachals were leading the Indian troops to Upper Subansiri District, which is on the border between China and India.
It may be recalled that the HNLC had threatened Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, over the demolition of the houses of the poor in Umsawli, last November.
Ma Balius said that this is only the concern of the mine owners, coal workers and the people of the State and he urged everyone to cooperate.
Mairang, June 22: As part of the celebration of the fourth anniversary of the Ayushman Bharat Health and Wellness Center in Meghalaya, as part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Hills District in collaboration with the office of the Block Medical and Health Officer Mairang Block today held a Block Health Mela at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission Mairang. Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the constituency, was the chief guest.
The truck was carrying food under the ICDS scheme. The truck was carrying food at the godown inside the CDPO Thadlaskein office for distribution to Anganwadis and other children's food centres.
He said the opposition to the BJP was afraid that if the BJP came to power, all this corruption would disappear.
Restrictions on use of coal were lifted, 100% FDI was allowed for more investment and clean war.
The KSU also urged the management of MECL to end these corruption and other irregularities within the Corporation.
“All three of us intend to join the BJP and all three of us have one idea, that is for the development of the state.
Regarding the development of nuclear power in India, the truth that affects the lives of thousands of people has been completely hidden, and that can be understood only by a few intellectuals.
Only when there was a more difficult problem, I understood, because in a louder voice he would say, 'Bah Bin...' this voice of his, remained in my heart, which I used to imitate his speech patterns to spouses.
“We also express our gratitude to the MLA of the area Ma Nujorki Sungoh who has taken the initiative to talk to the PWD department and at the same time we congratulate the EE PWD North and the SDOs for completing the repairs. to this bridge.
“This issue which has been going on for many years will be discussed in the coming days with the opinion of people who have knowledge on this issue”.
Sohra MLA TW Chyne said that 86 houses have been destroyed in Laitlyndop, 23 in Rimawsaw, 32 in Mawkma and 20 in Mawkma. in Mawlyn.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The Government of Meghalaya has promised to the leaders of 13 political parties that it will implement the Resident Safety and Security Act on the 15th of July, which is the Independence Day of India. The Prohibition and Detection of Benami Transaction Act, 1958, will be implemented after April and it was also decided to temporarily suspend the construction of the railway line until the measures can be implemented.
School buildings are dilapidated and teaching is inadequate.
Speaking on sports, it is said from time to time that young people should spend time in sports so that they can avoid any bad habits such as drinking alcohol, smoking. and drugs which have caused a lot of damage to the youth of this age and speaking on the fact how the youth can focus on sports because until today there is no sports ground which has been built. It is not enough for them to exercise or spend time in sports.
Besides the leaders of the Karbi Catholic Youth Committee, Meghalaya, Paralad Toor, elders and residents of Marmain area were also present to encourage these youngsters of the Karbi Catholic Church.
Nagaland won nine gold, four silver and 10 bronze medals, while Tripura won two gold, seven silver and seven bronze medals.
The village authorities have gone to talk to the management of the fire brigade, but so far, they have not repaired at all, nor have they set fire to the village, the report said.
PWD, Tourism and Sport.
Shillong: In connection with the IED blast on the evening of Tuesday, July 30, 2022, police have arrested several suspects involved in the blast. On Thursday, 5th June 2022, police arrested another youth on suspicion of involvement in the IED bomb. Police have arrested five persons involved in the blast of the bomb. Police have arrested five persons from Nongkya village in Umsning.
“The Congress MLAs are confused because during the Congress rule in the state, the Rangbah Shnongs have almost lost their power, there is no development, there are many protests but in the present government only The PWD department has received Rs 2000 crore but during the time of Mukul Sangma it has received only Rs 500 crore,” he said.
In terms of pesticides, pesticides related to the pest of rice, the pest of trees, Kwai, Pathi, the pest of soh ki ralam and other types of pests. plant plant.
Shiromani Akali Dal Delhi President Paramjit Singh Sarna later told reporters that the group was confident of the talks with the state government chief.
July 25, 2023: The Destiny Self Help Group (SHG), one of the SHGs of Umkaber Village, on July 24, 2023, opened a shelter for the public. This is the first time in the Lyngïong Tyrsad area to open such a shelter.
Nongpoh, Naitung 18: Sohtrun farming in Ri Bhoi District is one of the most profitable crops for many farmers. Fear.
The KJDSTA also urged the Meghalaya government to take action on many of the demands of the KJDSTA after the end of the fight against the corona virus.
The public can submit their views to this group in writing or in any other way on various issues that they feel the governments in the coming years should do for the public. , whether in employment, agriculture, trade and culture.
Raymond Kharjana Education Secretary CEC KSU said that although Woh Tep fought against the British government, the Meghalaya government has recognized Woh Tep Kyndait as one of the heroes of the country. The Syiem of Jaintiapur did not recognize him as one of the brave and heroes of the nation.
Regarding the face, as mentioned earlier, it has been thoroughly examined through proper sources and judged according to the heritage of the descendants of Tirot Sing Syiem.
The two arrested were identified as Andreas Thabah, driver of the truck and Alton Nongrum, driver of the truck.
In the last 50 years of the establishment of this school in Meghalaya, there have been dozens of cases of violence against prominent women.
As a person, Bah Balaphrang is a body builder who has been able to achieve many things in the state and has been able to achieve many things through his training to many youngsters. , in the field of body building.
In this regard, the authorities have warned that there will be more houses that will be severely affected by the damage, as well as more trees that will fall due to the fire. continued strong winds, rising sea levels and continued heavy rainfall.
“I tried to check the website but it doesn't have anything to do with the state department to implement the application form. {CIN-U7499DL2016NPL306999} 1021st Floor,SagarPalza, Dsitrcit Center Nirman Vihar ( Behiand V35 Mali) Delhi 110092.
Please come quickly. I can't wait for you to come.
Nadda also strongly criticized the TMC, saying that he has heard that even after the central government has done these things, the party has come to the state and said that 'T' stands for for Tola Baazi, 'M' means Money Laundering and Mafia and 'C' means Corruption and Commission.
The dedication ceremony was led by Pastor HL Myrsing Moderator of Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Church in the presence of other pastors, Basan elders, church leaders and members of the Ribhoi Presbyterian Church living in Shillong.
He said that after this, the Government will hold a meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) on 18th June followed by an All Party Meeting at on January 19th.
It may be recalled that the land owners initially opposed the company to construct the road through their land, because they did not receive the payment, but the company promised to pay later and ordered them to These land owners should go to the DC's office to get the payment.
East Khasi Hills has 13 cases, West Garo Hills 5 cases and others.
Instead of removing him from the party, you have rewarded him with a ticket to contest from the BJP.” “The Prime Minister should answer how you can protect women when Modi, Shah, Irani should answer to the people of Meghalaya, to the women of Meghalaya, to be the leader of the people of Meghalaya? to the girls of Meghalaya,” said Lamba.
The Hynniewtrep people have their own customs and traditions on marriage, divorce, inheritance and participation, child support and child care.
Similarly, Judah (West) included the kingdoms of Judah and Benjamin, while Israel (East) included all the rest of the 12 Shevets.
Those of us who have been serving for hundreds of years should not be angry with God and those who have been serving for thousands of years should not be angry with us.
This is also for the benefit of all the countries within the group so that they can better manage all their activities as the group has always done.
Speaking after a meeting with the HPC recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone said that the group demands that all the 342 households that the government should 200 square meters of land for construction of houses and that the government should pay the cost of construction to the households.
The meeting was attended by the Addl Chief Secretary to the State Government, Bah Hector Marweiñ.
The Chairman of KHADC said that in the past there was an agreement that the PDF is led by the Congress party and all the affairs of the PDF before reaching another part should be discussed during the PP meeting. “I don't think I and the Congress MDCs will lodge a complaint with the Congress authorities this month,” he said. The Congress party has rejected the CEM's actions”.
These three men made history by winning together and not only that, in the same year, Purno elected his youngest daughter, Agatha K Sangma, in the mid-term MP elections. and she also prevailed.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The results of the Meghalaya HSSLC Examinations 2016 and SSLC Examinations 2016 will be released tomorrow at 10 am by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE).
Bah Thongni said that as a group they have a strong mind and goal and that is to serve the people in a clean and transparent manner.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 12 cases and in Nongkasen, there are 6 cases.
Some of these places have interesting stories behind their name.
Therefore, he said that in celebrating Parent's Day, he will remind them that they are very fortunate to have the opportunity to send their children to school. St.Savier's College & Higher Secondary School is one of the best educational institutions in the country. compared to the best schools around the world.
The Meghalaya government has evicted the metor drivers from Mawlong Market, while the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has decided to fight against the decision of the state government.
Dino, who won the Gladrags Manhunt and Megamodel contest in 1995, feels that the desire of models to enter the film industry is because there is no opportunity for them in other ways.
Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay's petition seeks to protect the lives, freedom, income and other rights of non-Nagas in the Dimapur port. , thereby preventing the ilp law.
Speaking on the occasion, Blinken said Israel must put forward the threat to the Palestinian population in Gaza because if it continues to attack without mercy, they will be affected. They were the people because the insurgents had a place to hide and protect themselves.
On the cleanliness of the market, the Paiem said that he has tried to keep it clean but what is needed is to enlighten the market vendors to understand the value of cleanliness because without the cooperation and them, it will be difficult to clean.
In a statement, the Seng through its Publicity Secretary said that this victory was achieved under the leadership of the founder of Kick Boxing in Meghalaya Bah Donny Ranee and Kong Bajoplin Kharmudai as the Team Manager. honor for the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
The Muktiar said that the order was issued without listening to the accused to respond, and it is also a violation of the principles of justice and especially Section 21 of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act. , 2014.
Therefore, in order to resolve these issues in Umiam, these elders together with the members of the Executive Committee, have decided to demand and give 2 months from the Hima Mylliem and the Syiem of Umiam. Raid Mawbuh said that they should hold a Dorbar and resolve these issues inside the village, because as the people can no longer tolerate these activities alone by Bah Twinkle Buhphang, who is the Rangbah Shnong of Umiam. .
Speaking to Mawphor, the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Nathaniel O Rymmai, said that the work of the party is a vote of sympathy. “If you have worked as an MLA for 25 years, you will always have sympathy,” he said.
“The decision to hold elections in the District Councils is up to the state government and the Governor.
In Delhi, 472 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 8,4
However, due to the resistance of Ukrainian troops and people and reconciliation talks between the two countries, Russia has withdrawn from Kyiv and other cities.
On the issue of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill 2020, after the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, sent it back to the State Government, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that The MDA Coordination Committee (MDC) has discussed the issue and will soon meet with the Governor to clarify some issues related to the Safety and Security of Meghalaya Residents. (Amendment) Bill 2020,.
Now that it's time for the knife from the rynsan, I feel like I don't have time to work together or join hands, but I'll wait until the 2nd noon. new government.
The entry fee will be T.800 per group and the registration fee will be T.50 and must be paid before the 19th of this month.
Therefore, we request you to discontinue the Ubiattendance Website/App.
When they arrived at the scene, the two men tried to run away from the police and the police shot them in the legs so that they could not escape.
With this victory, they have also confirmed their ability to win medals in the tournament.
Karmen Syntem, husband of Maria Laskor, resident of Caroline Colony, Jowai, passed away on 12/11/2020 at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
Tory Kharsyrieng Manager Axis Bank expressed his pleasure to work with TULBA to help the poor and needy who are affected by the corona virus or COVID-1
He said the meeting also discussed some of the proposed changes in the constitution of the party before the General Council.
He said that Mawlai village has been surrounded by CRPF personnel such as Mawlai Bridge, Nongkwar and FCI where the presence of these personnel has caused instability since the past. A complaint has been lodged between the CRPF and the Tribal Research Institutions even though the CRPF is stationed in the area.
Then the verses in the old Book of Psalms were changed because in the old Bible the writings were short and written at length while in the new Bible they were presented in the form of poetry.
He said that there is a difference among the community because women may not have many opportunities and opportunities to express their problems.
Pynshngaiñ from Labyrwa started rowing as a child under the training of Ian Vincent as coach and won a silver medal at the Khelo India Games
When we tried to get more information on the incident, the Dalmia authorities refused and talked.
He criticized the state government for the slow implementation of Aadhaar in the state and said that all this is due to the lack of accountability and responsibility of the government.
However, when we use food, whether it is fresh or not, we must clean it thoroughly.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by the Minister of C&RD Block, Bah Hamletson Dohling, the Minister of Revenue, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of the area, MDCs of JHADC, residents and others.
Isn't this a sign of respect for Meghalaya? Therefore, the Governor of Meghalaya cannot help but learn English.
We wish a special New Year to those article writers, story writers, poets, children who send us drawings from time to time and to all those who keep us informed when there is special news.
He said the reason why the electricity has to be turned off for many hours is because this year is an election year so it cannot be turned off for only two to three hours as usual from July to June.
Shillong, March 30: The residents of Umsaw Nongkharai, Ri-Bhoi, have clarified that the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw, Ri-Bhoi, has said that the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw has turned to KHADC. Farmer'.
The election for the speaker will be held on 9 October
We remember our closeness to the family of Archbishop Jala, when his brother, Anthony Jala contested the election in 1983 from our old party APHLC from Mawlai.
Tomorrow, Mawpdang will play against Madanryting at 10:30 AM, followed by Nongthymmai at 1:30 PM at the Assam Rifles Stadium in Laitkor.
“Speaking in the Cabinet, Dr. Mukul said that this tree will produce the most expensive oil in the world and the It takes 25 years for this tree to grow, 25 years to wait but there is no guarantee whether it will produce oil or not. “I don't know if there is such a program in Meghalaya,” said Prestone.
Dhaka Escape is produced by Chwa Syiemlieh Film Production and directed by Bah Ban Lyngba.
These ambulances and 4 Supervisory vehicles were purchased from the funds allocated through the NITI Aayog for the Aspiational District and these vehicles, which were launched today, will be installed in all CHCs. and PHCs in 5 constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
The inclusion of all these in foods not only keeps the body healthy but also helps you sleep well.
Babu Richard said that regarding the coaching of NEET and JEE Main, the coaching of the students is ongoing at the school.
To reach this place, you have to walk for a few minutes from Jatah Nonglyer.
He said that since 2021, there has been a political scandal within the Australian Parliament, where there have been many such incidents of harassment and abuse of female employees who were themselves members of the legislature.
The girl was from Moolamanoh village and had gone for a walk with her family, but suddenly she fell into the river.
However, from this blessing, the one who comes behind also comes forward, and the one who comes forward has to sit behind.
In October, there will be no more schools without teachers.
In other states, they struggle to review or renew every 10 years, while in Meghalaya, it has remained the same for 30 years.
“Other parts of the country start working later compared to us because the Sun rises earlier here.
The total number of cases in the State has reached 84117 out of which 82386 have recovered and 1465 have died.
Three cases were reported from Goalpara, two from Golaghat, two from Jorhat and one from Dhubri district.
Speaking on the quota in the recruitment of jobs in the Government, Bah Rudi said that the quota for those who have achieved power and those who are more advanced should no longer work.
Walinda Binong, a native of Nongagang village in Marngar area, who had gone to study at the School of Design at Mody University, Rajasthan, passed away. The University authorities have alleged that she has been drinking bih and sdien phasi herself which as a family cannot accept.
Furthermore, the Assam police have promised to protect the Khasi Pnars to harvest their rice in Nongjrong.
Police have immediately investigated after receiving a tip on the presence of these people who have taken advantage of the life of the child. These women threw the child from a distance and the child turned lyndang-pyrdet and ran to the right and left while being thrown by these people on that day.
The election of the Speaker of the Children's Dorbar will be held on 21st October
The Congregation of Christian Brothers in India, through a statement issued by Br.
“It was when we saw that there was no development work that we decided not to take this difficult step to remove the ticket of the incumbent MLA,” he said.
for you don't want to see and hear George's work.
Replying to the allegation by General Secretary Alban K Gashnga and Information and Publicity Secretary Gilbert G Kharraswai that he is a powerful ruler within the party and does not listen to their opinions, Lamphrang said, “If it is true, Anyone, even if they are not members of the party, who gives ideas to build a better society, I am ready to accept them, but if they give bad ideas, I cannot accept them because the party is suit la shor ban protect the land and the country and the nation as a whole.
Because in the past years they have already submitted to the government documents to show the facts that the people want to stay in Meghalaya.
It is also prohibited to disrupt the right to vote of any citizen who has the right to vote and also to disrupt the peace and order of the people.
“From the beginning we have spoken evil, why have we rejected you?
“He said that he is not only satisfied with the completion of the school building which he built during his tenure as MLA but he also wants to see that one day, besides Arts, the school will also be built. I don't have a Science Stream.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC Jaïaw as the chief guest, Dr. Aman War, UDP candidate from 17 North Shillong Constituency, Bah Alantry, Bah Joe Marweiñ, office bearers of the UDP Seng Kmie, UDP 17 North Shillong Constituency, elderly, parents, youth and children.
They include HDR Lyngdoh's son Nathaniel Rymbai from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency, Sanbor Shullai's brother-in-law Ricky Shullai from Laban-Sohiong constituency. Mawprem constituency and KHNAM candidate Bankhraw Kharbuli will contest from Laban-Mawprem constituency.
These things have been going on for many, many years.
SCA-A failed to score and only Lohar scored 23 runs.
She demanded that the government should deposit T.25,000 into the account of each woman from a poor family (BPL) as compensation for their suffering from lack of money. rim.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 28 new cases and 318 active cases in the state.
Tynsong said the Cabinet meetings in different districts help to bring the government closer to the people.
Hep's life was so difficult that he wanted to end it.
For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trumpet of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first.
It may be recalled that the Dorbar Shnong Umsawnongkharai has held the election of Rangbah Shnong on the 10th of November this year. Bah Angelus Sun was elected as the Rangbah Shnong.
Under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Apmon Pachang and other village officials, many trees were planted around the villages and Christmas was celebrated in a different manner through the work. together with the residents.
“The government cannot pay the salaries of the teachers for three months.
However, the statue has been sent to be built by the beneficiaries who have destroyed and destroyed the skilled workers of the state.
The MPCC president said Modi had promised during the elections to bring all the money hidden abroad to give to all the people, which has not happened so far.
Ardentson Syngkon, along with his three brothers Nathaniel Kharbudon, Mebanshan Kharbudon and Dawanshan Kharbudon are people who have a strong spirit to enjoy football and especially you can play Futsal.
The world is the “Land of Nations” BUT the most important thing we should think about and put first in our lives should be our soul.
Thus, the Word of God is thrown away in our churches, governed by the will of the people and honoring the rich, without thinking of the value of the Word of God, which is a greater treasure than the wealth of the world.
Election Rules: Members who wish to contest the Presidential election should submit their applications to the Chairman/Secretary of the Election Committee as follows.
The Raid has been in existence for hundreds of years since the British rule and falls under the administrative jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem. you're right.
Therefore, through the income from YouTube and the cooperation of our friends we have been able to donate to one of the children who has been unable to walk and stand since the age of 6 years. West Khasi Hills District has not received any assistance from the government for 7 years.
“In the election in 59 constituencies, 26 seats were won by the NPP, 11 by the UDP, 5 seats by the UDP. TMC and Congress won four seats, four seats from VPP, two seats from HSPDP, BJP and PDF and independent parties.
This was explained by Ma LD Suïam, Assistant Engineer, Jowai Rural Distribution Division, Jowai at a meeting conducted by MC.Suchiang Forestar-1 in the presence of the students who have passed the matric examination. RN Suchiang, Village Organization of Shangpung Mission and Waheh Shnong of Shangpung Mission.
“Therefore, the village authorities should inform if there are students or workers who are returning from other states to get treatment for their symptoms because we are concerned about this disease.
He is Camp Commander M Sangma, @ Ranggam, who joined the party in June
On the same day, there was also a Penalty Shout-Out in the morning and after that there was a game for the girls.
The night was getting darker and they both fell asleep without saying much.
He said that the union urges the government to allocate funds as soon as possible for the reconstruction of the bridge.
Another decision taken by the committee was on the safety of traffic in Ïewduh where it was decided to purchase solar street lights on the footpaths according to the permission of the Hima Mylliem and the DS. to put them.
In another incident on November 4, at 7 pm, a Maruti ML05 C 8860 collided with a truck at Nongrimah, Laitumkhrah.
Having said that, I have no intention of supporting the Dko's claim that the Lyngngam villages should fall under their new state.
Agnes Kharshiing President CSWO has said that she will lodge a complaint with the Women Commission. She said she does not believe that Victoria committed suicide but it was a police robbery.
On the other hand, Bah Kharshiing demanded that he should urgently convene the Hima Dorbar within two months on the issue of amending the rules and regulations of the Hima. Mylliem should have Rangbah Shnong and Raid Nongsynshar as at present there are only a few Ministers and the Syiem of the Executive Dorbar of Mylliem Hima.
The HSPDP has four MLAs, Ardent Basaiawmoit from Nongkrem, Witting Mawsor from Mawshynrut, KP Pangniang from Rambrai and Diostar Jyndiang from Nongstoin. .
The purpose of the National Adalat is to settle cases and to resolve all disputes by voluntary settlement in the Public Court.
Therefore, I would like to urge the Government of Meghalaya to take action to discuss with the Central Government that if the Government of India really loves us the people of the North-East, it will be pleased to withdraw the authorities as soon as possible. shipai / army bases all from Shillong and other places where there are army bases far from the city and villages so that the people can escape the violence of the army as well as to avoid the deaths of many civilians if war broke out at any time.
The Youth Leadership Training Program was held on Thursday and Saturday at Bataw in collaboration with the District Horticulture Office. ), Khliehriat and Bataw Village Authority.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: U Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today inspected the venue for the KJP Eastern Synod at Lum Swai, Tynring in October
I don't know where they are,” said Bah Tynsong when asked where they are.
Twenty-five members of the GHSMC have been arrested after they allegedly entered the DC's office in Tura to evict the employees during the strike.
RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin said the RDA wants to make it clear that as long as the UDP and HSPDP exist, it will be ensured that the Khasi-Khara children will not become the source of water and the source of water for anyone. you are in this State.
SCA-A started with 49 runs between Samelawan S Nongkseh (13) and Rudra S Rathor.
“The temporary landfill will not solve any problem and it is time for the government to take measures to take action on this issue and implement “The Solid Management Rule 2015 has been implemented throughout the state,” he said.
Shillong: Three MDCs, including Lakhon Biam, Dawan Lyngdoh and Krison Langstang, MDCs, today wrote to the Secretary, JHADC. , on the proposal to expand the office building of the Jaintia District Council, at a cost of T.3,38,65,9
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that this is the first time that the color of the water has been seen.
He said that teachers in the state have had to take to the streets in the past years which is a sad incident.
After the opening ceremony of Karbi Hamtun, Himanta went straight to the Secretariat to meet Conrad K Sangma in the presence of the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar who is also the Chairman of the Regional. Committee for West Jaintia Hills District and CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council Dr Tuliram Ronghang.
During this cleaning, the Paiem and the Dorbar Hima Mylliem were able to rebuild the stones which had fallen and been buried in the ground.
“Perhaps this is the trick of some politicians.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Marcom Khar, Rangbah Shnong of Langkyrdem, said that there is only one person in Lum Jingtep. different cemetery in the afternoon today.
He understands that a walk like this improves the thoughts.
The fete of the 7 Wasa Utd will be held on the 25th and 26th of November at Mooralong Ladthadlaboh, Jowai against Tome Memorial Secondary School, Jowai.
MPDF President Bah Process T Sawkmie met with the team and blessed them to shine like stars in this competition.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat said that the council should still receive up to T.63,76,86,901/- from the share between the government and the council. from the Major and Minor Minerals Tax and also from the Motor Vehicle Tax.
WA Sangma in 1983, to introduce a resolution in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, to recognize the Khasi language as the State Language.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday announced that the party will support the parties in the MP elections. my working mat.
When we examine the bill, we see that instead of empowering the District Council, the bill has undermined their powers:- The amendment of the Sixth Schedule or the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill will It will affect not only the powers of the District Council but also the village governance and our ownership of land, forests and mineral resources.
Phungting Shimrang, senior leader of the National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN-IM), is currently in China and is in talks with the country to assist the country. for them to fight against India.
Therefore, the meeting decided to send a letter to the DCA to express that we want to have a wider consultation especially to discuss with our Kurs.
He recalled that in the past, there were places where cows could be sold by buying cows from Jowai and Bhoi, but now everyone has to rely on those who come from the state. thor through the field.
Shillong, July 9: The residents of Mawmluh, Sohra on Saturday gathered to take advantage of the information from the program brought to the village.
He said that there are some polling stations in Garo Hills which still have to walk and ride by boat.
Those who dared to go to school were given a salary.
On behalf of the College, Br.
The Government has set a timetable for these three committees to arrange with the Regional Committees of Assam to start the inspection of these border areas to discuss and arrange and after that to prepare and hand over the report to the government within 45 days.
The MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma has investigated and found that the mission has caused a huge loss in production from 100 to 60%. This government has decided to allow the use of chemical fertilizers in some farmland.
A nation that holds and remembers its own customs and traditions is a living nation.
In addition to the rapkhmat and rapdien, there are other parts of speech in writing the Khasi language which may require another part of speech in the sentence to be explained separately.
We are also concerned about the negligence and lack of attention of the relevant authorities in curbing the violence,” said the statement. to strengthen the foundations of the Constitution and to restore peace and stability among the different ethnic groups.
Therefore, Bah JW Lapang, urged the public to be vigilant to avoid theft, because these days thieves are no longer allowed to steal any kind of items. .
Some foods that can prevent excessive heat :Ka doi : Ka doi is one of the most beneficial foods for the health of the stomach and can reduce heat and cold in this rainy season.
Guwahati: The Headmistress of a Government School in Assam has been arrested and sent to jail for beef.
The Society also held a meeting with various programs to entertain and cheer up the children of the Children's Home.
He said that after 4 years of operation, the MDA government has been able to help in measuring the quality of this product to Kolkata which has taken only 10 minutes through the modern technology as it used to take up to 10 minutes. day.
On the same day, the Department of Horticulture also distributed certificates to all the women who have completed the training in ashar making along with the tools to be used during the making.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri, today informed the Legislative Assembly on a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Donkupar Roy.
“I have information that there are some tribes that have two groups.
On the other hand, in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Meghalaya scored 69/1 against Nagaland with 123 runs left.
Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) Leader Leningstar Rymbai said that they have recently lodged a complaint with the DCs and SPs of East and West Jaintia Hills to stop the spread of dead cows and other wildlife. However, until now, no action has been taken to curb this illegal activity and the trucks carrying cattle are running day and night without fear of the law enforcement agencies.
Rakkam Sangma said that the books will be available from this month as these school books will be used from this academic year.
Jowai, Naitung 17: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya on Saturday welcomed Lasting Suchiang as its candidate for the MLA election-2023 from the 4th constituency. Mowkaiaw Constituency at a public meeting held at Laskeiñ West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that these Karbi militants have now tried to extort money from the Khasi-Pnars living in Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang districts.
Avinash Sable has already qualified for the World Championships to be held from 19 to 27 July in Budapest, Hungary.
Police from the OC of Jowai PS, IC of Phramer, Magistrate D Jungai, Manager of the Agency operating the Toll Gate, officials from NHAI and others also attended the ceremony.
Liza & The Band and DJ Tenny will also perform.
He said that the PS plantation should not be too much and should be considered that the plant should be able to do something for the people because the cost is not high.
If he is able to play, he can join the team for the next two games," Dravid added.
The opening ceremony was attended by TW Chyne CEM, KHADC as the chief guest. Elaka EM Victor Rani, EM Arts and Culture, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, District Council Judge S Kharsyiemlieh Judge and other dignitaries from the village leaders of Nongpoh area.
The head of the Tourism Development Society.
“We have expressed our deep sorrow that the registration of voters has been done in Madanriting,” said the working president of the UDP. the constitution of the country that one person shall have only one vote.
He said that if he wins, he has a goal to bring about changes in Laban-Mawprem Constituency and to address the issue of land and border issues which the people have suffered so much. big.
It is better to plant the seeds that have just been peeled from the soh, but it is better to clean the seeds with fire or dry dew if the flesh is still on the stem.
Bah MH Dkhar has strongly criticized the Excise Department in EJHD for its failure to curb the illegal liquor shops along the NH44 in East Jaintia Hills and other places. Other rural areas of the district have caused various crimes ranging from rape, murder, theft and kidnapping to spread in the district.
For the education sector, T980 crore including T.453 crore from state resources has been allocated for the year 2021-2022 for the improvement and construction of schools and others.
Amit Shah alleged that Meghalaya is the worst state in terms of corruption compared to other states in the country.
Speaking on the JJM, Tudu said the target to complete the supply of water to 1000 households by October
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of HYC Upper Shillong, Bah Gee Mawlong.
The District authorities of Assam today declared a Containment Zone at the CRPF Camp located 9 miles from Assam after six CRPF personnel tested positive. This camp is located on the road to Meghalaya.
When we look, we see that between those who work to produce electricity and those who work to collect electricity, there is a difference between heaven and earth and that is, that those who produce electricity still have a soul. of a sense of responsibility to provide services, so that the people can get electricity; However, these other money collectors, it seems, as if the thought, has fallen into their minds, just to get a low price, then to intimidate the people and to cut off the electricity, if people cannot afford to pay and this is an act of violence and we should not allow it in this age of light.
On this occasion, the 2nd Meghalaya BN NCC has presented an award to the family of (L) Kitborlang Lyngkhoi and a short speech as a sign of condolences and remembrance for his services. in the work while he was on this earth.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister, Development and Mattithaw, and Suwari congratulated the unions who have organized this event which should proclaim the contribution of the skilled workers. society doesn’t even remember.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: U BJP Meghalaya Leader Nalin Kohli has slammed the ruling Congress government in the state especially for forcing the KHADC under its leadership. u CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Condemning the announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma that the Government has now turned its attention to the construction of the railway line in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District, the members of the party shouted, “No ILP, No Railway.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang, Vice President FKJGP Central Body, congratulated the youth of Nongmynsong Village who have chosen the path of serving the village and the nation. Through the FKJGP which has been serving the Jaitbynriew and the state as a whole for 33 years despite the difficulties and challenges in many ways.
There were only nine policemen and one SI on the 500 meter high bridge which was crowded by thousands of people at the time of the incident.
“The sad thing is that even those NPP leaders don't see too much of the election.
On Tuesday, when TMC leaders released the list of candidates in Kolkata, Susmita was seen staging a hunger strike in the city to protest against the proposed Silchar, which is the constituency which has been sent to the Assam Assembly and also to the Lok Sabha, for the appointment of the SC. Regarding the list of candidates released by the TMC, Susmita said she is grateful to Mamata Banerjee for allowing her to lead the party in Rajya Sabha. Assembly.
The application forms shall be approved by the Rangbah Shnongs recognized by law and for the rural areas approved by the Block Development Officers, and shall bear a court fee stamp of T.25/- .
Shillong: Today, young people who have escaped from drug addiction have come out to tell the world that it is Jesus who has helped them to get rid of drug addiction, which has led to who will live in stealing and the life of those who have become like animals, but when they surrender to Jesus they can escape from a dead life to a new life.
On the other hand, Lajong players tried hard to score by fighting to score the most goals in the SPL by Deibormame Tongper who has scored the most goals in the SPL with eight goals but although he has scored. I have tried many times, but I have not succeeded.
It will not strengthen the sense of patriotism, it will only bring unhappiness which does not fit anywhere in our society,” said Conrad.
The cities of Babylon, when they saw this sorrow of the Jews, said to them, “Sing us the songs of Zion.” But the Jews said, “How shall we sing the song of the Lord in a foreign land? land)?
Similarly, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC from Nongthymmai, said how can it be possible to convene a dorbar by sending a letter only two hours before the start of the dorbar.
When asked which area has the highest number of cows, Nongrum said that the highest number of cows are from Laitlyngkot and Mawngap.
The PAC has also directed the DC not to take responsibility for informing the High Court on the decision of the PAC. in Umden Waterfall.
Similarly, if the government does many good things but when there are other things that it does wrong, the people see only that and that is why there will be many accusations against this government.
“Ani, Father, you say so, now it is not pleasant for us either.
“It is with a sad heart that we have taken this step because our leaders have failed,” he said.
Shall I blame the women? Shall I blame the Shynrang? Where is the Khasi Law that if a man leaves his wife, he must support her and her children? In the Khasi custom, if the husband flees or is expelled, it is up to him to support fully or to give something or to pay Bai Khaw for his children. Your seed.
Bangladesh was led by Sylhet Deputy Commissioner Shahidul Islam while India was led by East Khasi Hills Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal.
“The youth who was shot was not in the vehicle but was sitting near the BSF camp to play mobile games due to the lack of internet in his village and the BSF did not know about it. Three persons were injured but Samla Jeffry was the most seriously injured as he was tied from the head,” he said. He said that there was a clash between the residents and the BSF. He said that because the family members did not want to be taken for treatment by the BSF until they wrote. This is the news that the young man was not shot.
On receiving information about the incident, the KSU Mawshynrut Circle has met with the Branch Managers of various branches in Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division to discuss the matter.
The duty of the department is to explain to the people that they should not look down on these people so that these people do not feel that they are not part of the society.
There was also a discussion on the need to eliminate political partisanship in the District Councils in Meghalaya as the Dorbars should be free from political party politics.
However, the march continued until they reached Smit at 7 pm.
To register online, please call 8258811914/7005728463/8794064688/9089171167/from 9:00 am to 8:00 pm.
Games and competitions between departments.
The gold medal winners were Jefferson Ryndong (11 yrs) Sub Junior-Light Contact (32 kg), Banshanskhem Nongkhlaw (12 yrs) Sub Junior-Light Contact (37 kg), Sany Khyriemmujat (15 Yrs) in two categories. Junior category in Light Contact & Kick Light (65 kg), Hammyllienki Dkhar (20 Yrs) in Senior category (Point Fighter & Light Contact-52 kg), Francis RR Songthiang (22 Yrs) Senior – Kick Light 63 kg, Lorenza Songthiang (21 Yrs) Senior- Rina Sport (K1 Rule) 57 kg.
Furthermore, the Union appealed to all the people and residents of Ri-Lum Jaintia from shopkeepers, market owners, vehicles to cooperate and tolerate so that nothing will happen. any sorrow and to get the fruit of this protest.
Heimonmi Dkhar scored 10', Arhawni Shadap 28' and Brave Shadap 69' for Narwan.
In the coming days, Danggo will issue his resignation letter but we cannot wait until he resigns from the party because we have to do this quickly”.
It was also Sindhu's first win against Tunjung in their last three matches, after losing to the Indonesian player in the Madrid Masters final. and also in the semifinals of this year's Malaysian Masters.
So SEW stopped.
The residents said this because the Urban Affairs Department of the state is planning to set up a new Shillong city which has caused a lot of protests on the allegation that the government has planned to attack the land of the residents and their property. private person.
Even other people don't have the forgiveness...the corona virus is the one who can't see us.
The four suspects are Nolan Syngai, Pyntngen Suting, Dameris Sohkhlet and Redi Suting.
The meeting was attended by the National People's Party (NPP), Mizo National Front (MNF), Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), People's Democratic Front (PDF), United Democratic Party (UDP). ), Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), Indigenous People's Front of Tripura (IPFT), Naga People's Front (NPF), Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP),(KHNAM) and the Janata Dal-United [JD (U)] .
According to police sources, the incident happened at about 1:51 PM while the youth was swimming in the river with two other friends. But suddenly, the young man drowned in the river until he lost his life.
You don't bring anything to anyone.
Kishan Lyngdoh of Friends United Jowai was named Man of the Match for 27 runs and took three wickets.
He said that the police department needs to set up another building for the police officers to work according to the rules of the Hon'ble Court.
The robbers took away all the mobile phones and left only the boxes.
This is a small example that the people should be surprised and have to turn around from now on and not just drink the bottled water produced by the companies because of these bottled water. they have chemical treatments to maintain the purity of the water within a few months.
And this is why teachers do not receive their salaries exactly every month.
“What the government has done for the farmers, agriculture has been agriculture for 50 years without a policy to help the farmers and if we go out now to elect a new government, the people should not be happy with these deceptions. “But they should ask what they can do for them,” said Bah Sadon.
Nongstoiñ, June 26: The teams of Christ King Higher Secondary School Riangdo in the men's category and St Peter's HSS Pynengrei in the women's category have won the title of the first ever Basketball Tournament. by the Basketball Association of West Khasi Hills.
He said that there will always be opposition to such projects but it is the duty of the government to conduct awareness campaigns around the country on the need for the railway.
It is not only the farmers who should bring about job opportunities.
“We previously put this policy out to the public asking for feedback on how to draft it.
However, the Government's goal should be higher, higher expenditure and to reduce the plight of the residents of Shillong who now have nearly 5 lakh residents.
When asked, he said, “It can't happen but it's just how to mislead but it will always have an impact.
Other suspects are Thos Lyngdoh, Baian Lyngdoh, Toning Lyngdoh and Hap Lyngdoh.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle has warned the management of the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) not to appoint foreigners.
Nongriat won the trophy and a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh.
The reason is that God no longer accepts animal sacrifices and animal blood.
Jowai: Three BJP MDCs of JHADC, Lakhon Biam, Krison Langstang and Dawan Lyngdoh, have been found guilty of misusing Council funds amounting to T. 00,000/- to the CEM of JHADC Jowai.
The race will be for men and women and the starting point will be at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District.
The Seng also warns the contractors, companies and all employers not to bring workers from outside the State at this time and if found the members of the Seng will implement the SLO in such workplaces. .
Star Cement, a dewbilat company based in Lumshnong, Jaintia Hills, has helped to advertise the Panaroma Film Festival by paying T.5 lakh to DIPR through a donation. Nongstoin, Nailar 17: According to a tip received this morning, WKHD Police have raided the DIPR account. Awek village on the border areas of East Garo Hills, to conduct a heavy raid; It is learned that during the raid, police also seized a jacket used by the GNLA cadres. Bostic, who is from the village, and it is learned that he is also a supporter of the Garo armed group.
Furthermore, the day was enriched by a short drama performance on the theme 'Save Trees' by the students of Class
They arrested the 32-year-old Sarati Lama and her 5-year-old son Suchit Biswakarma.
There are also households who have received water from wells and nearby wells.
Twenty-five of our Hima Chiefs have agreed and surrendered themselves to accede to the Government of India.
He said that after committing the crime, these youths fled to Nongstoin, and after receiving information that they had fled to Nongstoin, the Nongstoin police raided them. in their hideouts and captured them.
The Governor of Jalisco, Enrique Alfaro Ramírez, was shocked because he had never seen such a landslide in the area in his life.
She said this when they were all together in the TV room.
The Blai ki Syiem, who was afraid of the house, Dep gave the Lee three villages a house.
Therefore, the Nongpoh MLA urged the Longkmie who are the Nongthain Jain Ryndia, to respect what has been explained by the Longshwa manshwa and not to explain everything to the people and especially to the foreigners, in relation to the custom of weaving Jain or cleaning colours, because if they explain everything to others or foreigners, they may lose their reputation.
It is not known whether he chose to become a leader only as a way to promote his business as a businessman. Every time the Government should struggle to find another place besides Marten because it will seriously affect the livelihood of the residents and their health as a whole.
Before this, the PHE office had announced that there would be no problem in the water supply because they would demolish the old water tank and build a new one and it would take up to 3 months. exceed.
And out of these 86%, we have the right to demand equal representation, or equal representation, and that has to go according to the population.
Shillong, March 12: It is the darkest day for all the members of the journalists in the state to lose one of their colleagues who worked together to distribute news to the people. the state.
Shillong: Three doctors, two from Shillong and one from Nongpoh, have tested positive for coronavirus today, said Dr A War, DHS (MI).
These two schools are also located in a place where you have to walk for 2 to 3 hours because the road is not clear.
All the people who were there respected Bah Shanbor and respected him as one of the richest and most respected men in the village.
In Nagaland, 50 new cases have been confirmed, including 24 from the Quarantine Center in Dimapur, 14 from Kohima and 12 from the Peren Quarantine Centre, US Pangnyu said. Phom, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Twitter.
The money was collected from the donations every Sunday and had to be deposited at the State Bank of India, Bara Bazar, Shillong.
New Delhi, Nailur 27 : There has been a revival of swachhata in India in the last six years. This was followed by the inauguration of the largest cleanliness program – the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Meghalaya's final match will be against Hyderabad today.
On 29th July, the Government of Meghalaya informed the Court that it has agreed to increase the allocation of land for construction of houses as requested by the families living in Them Metor.
Expressing his satisfaction with the successful Razgar Mela, the Minister of State for Child Development said, “I am very pleased to be here and to take part in the Rozgar Mela of Myntri Rangbah Duh which was held in 46 places. the Center across the State of the country".
He said that the police have also recovered many witnesses from the arrested persons.
Dawyo Shadap scored the first goal for Nartiang in the 36th minute.
A police vehicle guarding James K Sangma, Minister of State for Power, collided this morning in Nagaon, Assam, while the minister was returning from Manipur to Shillong.
However, he said that besides these, there will be other candidates who will appear and if Bah Leston does not contest from the Congress party, the party will also nominate candidates and the media. Pyndap Saibon of KHNAM is also in charge of politics in Shella and if there are changes, he may step down again.
He said that they have informed the union that the Government will look for ways and spend more money in the budget so that if the money from the Central Government comes late, the State Government will be able to do anything. to pay the salaries of SSA teachers for three months from the State budget.
Meghalaya will play its final match against Arunachal Pradesh on 1st October at 7 pm.
“The Bill is awaiting the approval of the President of India,” Malik told reporters on Tuesday. The State Government does not do what is necessary.
In all respects we are perfectly of marriageable age.
Iewrynghep Presbyterian Secondary School, Elias Memorial High School and St. Anthony's High School are the three winners of the District Level Inter School Football Tournament. 2022, organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong.
“In Shillong we will find all the ethnic groups of India, it is a beautiful place with interesting people and it is a pleasant place to hold such cultural programs and it is also a peaceful place” , said the Lion.
He said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has already sent a letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs last month.
The question is whether the public will understand to what extent the campaigns or news released through social media or the power of money will overwhelm all that comes through social media. long smoke or smoke spirit.
His face is turned to the right.
Similarly, in Himachal Pradesh, the people have re-elected the Congress party (which has begun to collapse) which used to give freedom to minority religious groups. They have done whatever they want as a secular party in India since independence.
At the same time, try to keep the equipment that will protect the lighting equipment they use.
“As the Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai (SRT), we are trying to completely change the Khasi community which is descended from the mother,” he said.
According to the investigation, the allegation of misuse in the implementation of the MGNREGS scheme is the implementation of the project related to the Irrigation Canal, Land Development and Compost Pit. However, at this Public Hearing, it turned out to be a shock, because the allegation of misuse of the scheme in the village, was baseless and witnessed by the villagers. the public themselves who have proved that there is no misuse.
Khasi, Hindi and other songs will also be allowed.
Another person has tested positive for COVID-19, bringing the total number of cases in the country to
Dr Kharlukhi is currently in isolation and has requested all those who have contacted him in the past three days to take care of themselves and get tested, said a statement from Mr. Marcuise N. Marak, who is the spokesperson of the NPP, said that the purchase of crematoria to build houses has increased by more than 2,000 percent these days due to the fear of the disease. corona virus.
Furthermore, through the footage received, it was seen that the traffic police had to carry the ground in a Gypsy vehicle which they used for their daily work.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Rangbah Shnongs of various villages under the Dorbar Diengiei led by the President of the Sohiong Constituency, Bah PJ Lyngdoh on Tuesday requested the MLA of Sohiong Constituency, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh. He will seek ways and means to raise funds for the construction of the dirt road connecting Nongpathaw to Kyntonmynnar which is less than 2 kilometers long.
Elefery, known as Abu Suja, was killed in a US airstrike while ISIS militants were marching near Mosul in northern Iraq.
When there is a shortage of electricity, the MeECL will be charged. Where will you buy electricity if you don't have money? How can there be no money if payment is not made on time? MeECL has to rely on us the people and we have to rely on MeECL to get electricity because apart from this, we don't have another source of electricity generation and distribution in the state.
The Minister said this at a meeting of freight trucks held on Saturday at Mylliem in which commercial trucks (407 and 909) from all over the country took part.
– Kota Rajasthan, Matix ltd.
Although Nikhil had another chance to score but he couldn't as the ball went wide of the post in the 34th minute.
Not only this scheme, but there is also another scheme from the Government of India, the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY) which will help the people who really want to improve their jobs. especially in the field of fishing.
Chinese scientists investigating the coronavirus in Wuhan have fled to the West, said Steve Bannon, an expert in Donald Trump's US government.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Metbah Lyngdoh, has expressed his confidence in the regional parties who have worked hard to win the upcoming Lok Sabha (LS) elections.
In us Khasi there are two types of daughters :- Ki kup Ryndia – There are women who are like women, who walk on the border, who have respect and manners and who make the family happy. the words they speak and the respect they show every day in their lives.
US scientists have named the asteroid 'SW 2020' when they discovered it on 18th November 2020 and it will pass by at 4:42 PM Indian time. .
The Congress and HSPDP have already prepared their candidates. The NCP and the UDP have already prepared their candidates. In JHADC, there is only one vacant constituency in War-Jaintia after the resignation of the Governor. Stephan Mukhim, MLA of the constituency.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar in a letter to Kong Ampareen, said that on 25th July 2023, the hospital has released the advertisement for 194 Nursing Officer vacancies at AIIMS New Delhi through NORCET-5 for 175 posts. Twenty-one posts have been allocated for men and 19 for women but what has angered the party is that only 15 indigenous people have been selected.
General Manager (SBI), Region -1 (Shillong Urban), Shillong in the presence of Kong Batista Nongkynrih, Relationship Manager Cum-Liaison Officer (SBI) Administrative Office, Shillong They came forward to donate 8 trolley stretchers and 2 wheel chairs as part of the Corporate Social Responsibility of the State Bank of India.
On the occasion, the Regional Head of the station, Bithindra Biswas, said that Shillong is known as the capital of music and dance in India. Shillong has been selected to run the station which he said will also be the busiest radio station of Radio Mirchi in India.
I have learned over the years and when you are determined, fear disappears and once you understand what to do or what is right and what is wrong, fear disappears. “Amen.
School won the bronze medal.
“I have asked the people to make this tala so that I can display it at the Tere Madre market and get the opinion of the people who come to the festival on this tala,” he said.
However, from the football ground to Tamabil Petrol Pump, the queue and slow movement of trucks has caused problems to the market passengers from Muktapur, Rhongkum, etc. seven hours a day in Dawki.
“What the child has explained about the incident at a guesthouse in Motinagar, Shillong, the court in Nongpoh has not accepted, but has convicted the plaintiff (Bah Julius) on the incident in Umïam, " said the High Court.
It is also wrong to claim that Meghalaya is a Christian state or to say that India is a Hindu country.
Under the Shillong Smart City, the reconstruction of Laitumkhrah Market, the construction of Polo Market, the construction of rainwater tanks in some villages in the city, the cleaning of the Umkhrah River and the development of Tourism & Cultural Center at Police Bazar is still under construction.
According to many sources, the destruction and theft started on Tuesday night and ended on Saturday.
Members of the KSU also laid wreaths at the statue of Tirot Singh at the Indoor Stadium.
According to the bill, MDCs will receive a salary of up to Rs 1 lakh 10 thousand per month including various allowances.
If this happens, it is time for the government to abolish the Forest Department and close down all the offices in the state.
“On the other hand, the CEM has promised to take action on this issue and to talk to the relevant authorities regarding these minor incidents.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has announced that it will postpone the venue of the rally scheduled to be held on the 26th of November The fire brigade has been shifted to Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong.
Politics is one of the most important parts of human life.
Therefore, the BJP has tried to introduce the Sixth Schedule.
At this public meeting, lawyers, lawyers and other leaders of Jaintia Hills will explain to the public on the MMDR Act and also on other major issues related to income. said the Chairman of the Group.
I don't gain or lose anything.
On the other hand, the Lamphang allowed Congress MLA Zenith M Sangma, who moved the motion, to present in the House regarding the Privilege Motion. Reply of the Prime Minister in the House on 9/03/2021, regarding the payment of Rs.11 crore, Rs.133 crore by MeECL to NTPC. 3325 crore in 25 years.
Speaking on the project, she said, “This is my honor for my father, Mr. Peter Garnett Marbaniang passed away.
I congratulate the bright students who passed the examinations conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education,” he said.
The deceased was a student of Class X at St Francis School in Umling and three others were seriously injured including his sister and His parents were Nicholas Hashah and Moni Kisku.
Other demands include the release of the new wage, the conversion from Monday to casual, the provision of EPF, maternity leave, adequate pay according to the work, and so on.
If the electrical poles are slightly or largely damaged, what we need to do is to support them so that they do not fall or fall in case of injury or pain.
The turnout of the public to repair the road was regular with more than 400 people attending.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, to inform him about the problems faced by the farmers in running the market. to their fields and crops.
Members of the union said that they want to inform the police, as the outbreak of Covid-1
The club invites all bands to participate in this beat contest and encourages them to call for more information.
In connection with these residential buildings there are up to 5 units each unit has 2 bedrooms and one karma living room, there is also a large dining area for tourists, ia These houses will be run by the Nongkhnum Development Society.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Italy has risen to 16,523, while 3,599 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 132,5 it is very low, compared to the previous days.
In a statement to the media, the NPP said that the claim that the NPP will not nominate a candidate is only a ploy by other parties to confuse the NPP supporters. who is ready for the election"
In Commerce Stream, Akshat Poddar came second with 478 marks, Satakshi Das and Sneha Paul came third with 478 marks. Deepak Sethia with 454 marks, Nengneiching with 453 marks and Phibalamti Marweiñ with 453 marks. Kashish Sharma came in ninth position with 448 marks.
Meghalaya is known as a matrilineal society.
He has equipped the box from all sides and to provide electricity he has used an inverter to avoid being affected when there is no electricity to maintain the heat according to the needs inside the box.
“If you look at the incident, you can understand that it is just a drama.
Shillong, July 05: The Laitkor Nongdaneng Women's Association and the Laitkor Nongdaneng Youth Association congratulate Samla Michael Rajee Syiemiong on his success in his Mega Audition. The biggest dance competition in the country, Dance India Dance, is currently in Mumbai.
The President of Seiñraij Jowai, Bah OR Shallam in his opening remarks said that the Shad Sukra was revived in November 2005 after being lost for about 50 years. I have been on the road for 18 years.
Because MLAs who intend to contest from other parties have to resign before filing their nomination papers to contest the election.
They explained to us to aim directly at the first target which was a circle shape of only two inches or so that was just barely visible.
“NK Arjun, who has been working as a typist since 1986, has been promoted to the post of Deputy Secretary and worked during the collapse of the House in 2003 when all the necessary documents were lost,” he said. She said that KG Choudhuryba, who has retired and been promoted as Deputy Secretary, has been pensioned from the state government plan. rank according to the rules of the Government.
The number of cases in Kerala has risen to
Speaking to reporters, Bah Blikshon Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, said that as a leader, he expressed his satisfaction with the responsibility of the District Administration under the supervision of the Deputy. Commissioner, Arpit Upadhaya and Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad and it was through their initiative to provide security forces that the election of leaders in these border villages went smoothly without any incident. The registration of voters at various Polling Stations in Block II, Ri Bhoi District.
God's purpose is to give people a short time to repent.
T.Patrick Nongrum, one of the players and hockey coach of the state, who retired as District Sports Officer of East Khasi Hills in 2005, has passed away today.
The Garo Baptist Convention (ABDK), which has been in existence for 150 years, is a group of Baptist churches in Meghalaya, Goalpara and Kamrup districts. Assam.
Tesla, which manufactures these electric vehicles, plans to install another solar power plant, which will be able to travel only 15 miles a day, from the electricity alone. day.
The raid was conducted by the East Khasi Hills Police through the Special Infiltration Squad in different parts of Shillong last month, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang.
Because the rich like the merchants take advantage.
Ma Joyful Lyngdoh, son of Myrwa Lyngdoh, of Diengshynrum, passed away on 2nd June
Heavy rainfall continued in many parts of Kerala today, affecting schools. Government authorities have declared a holiday in many districts. hundreds of people left homeless, for their homes were destroyed by the falling of trees and by the floods.
If the Deputy Commissioner says that the resident has the right to vote in two places, Meghalaya and Assam, then he will meet the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills and request him to return the vote. They will receive assistance from the Government of Assam and Meghalaya.
Therefore, through this meeting, they have decided to continue to oppose the landfill, no matter what it is, even when the government officials say that the landfill will be implemented in that However, these residents and elders said that if they have that intention to implement through the scientific authorities, why don't they improve the garbage dump at Mawiong. The meeting understood that the people of Ri Bhoi, cannot accept this garbage dump.
However, Christmas is a true and fulfilling hope, that is why we need Christmas.
He was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.
Moonlight has filed his nomination on the ticket of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and also holds the post of President of the UDP in West Jaintia Hills District.
Other speakers included FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District President Deihok Smer, Vice President Welking Swer, Tuesday Lytep and others. young Damian War.
He said that the sying costs T.7000 per month and the money in his body will be about T.14000 because he carries two monks of sying when he leaves the house.
Shillong: The Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Rona Khymdeit, who is in charge of the Law Department, on Tuesday said that in the year 2017-2018, three shyieng were released through the District Council. don 277 cattle.
“We will hold another meeting on the government's decision not to repeal the Service Rules,” said SNSBH Chairman Dr Werlok Kharshiing.
Mr. R. Marbaning, DPC Jhpiego, Mrs. N. Tracy Kharkamni, State Coordinator ACSM, State TB Office and others.
At the same time, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle urges the students to submit their marksheets, certificates and residential certificates by 10th November Francis Dkhar at 8787777629, Shaniahskhem Dkhar at 6909 410 432 and Kyrshan Dkhar at
January 28, 2023 is such a date.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat, has strongly condemned the claim of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Karbi Anglong that Khanduli village falls within the border. of Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Michael Rajee Syiemiong, one of the Khasi youths from Laitkor, Shillong, has been selected to participate in the Dance India Season 5 competition to be held in Mumbai from from 15th to 30th January
They include UDP candidate Highlander Kharmalki, Dr OS Jyrwa of KHNAM and MP Muktieh, an independent candidate who contested the last MLA election.
According to Bah PT Sawkmie, he has distributed five jerseys in the past few days.
It is worth mentioning that the death of this young woman has shocked the family, the community and all the loved ones, who are still in darkness, which is also a dream for the mother and father. The father and one sister of the girl who have only two siblings and as of now they cannot believe that their daughter is no longer here on earth.
The Assam Police raided Mokoilum on the 9th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : U KAM candidate from North Shillong constituency, Bah Kyrsoi Pyrthuh today launched his Manifesto if elected for the upcoming elections.
There is an incident that happened in the year 2000, and it was announced that in the year two thousand, the world will end.
He said that the government has directed the District and Block Administrations to explain this clearly to the residents on the border and even to the authorities that they should not be led. wrong and lei le spirit.
The DSO will hold the District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2023 from 20th July.
The committee has been given 25 days to submit its report to the undersigned," Tembe said.
According to the Bill, the CEM said that the KHADC will prohibit the slaughter of dohum fish in ponds or streams by using bih or kawang jar and those found violating the law will be punished. shops up to T.50 thousand tyngka with penalties as provided by law.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 4 cases including one ILI case, one case from abroad and 2 cases undergoing screening.
The state government has issued an order to close shops other than essential commodities from the 26th of this month to the 2nd of June
Shillong: Leaders of the UDP Garo Hills District today met with Dr Donkupar Roy, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Samuel M Sangma MLA. You are an associate member.
These have made a difference in the lives of the farmers.
Special thanks also go to Batesi TV, U Nongsain Hima, Shillong Mail – U Kyrwoh, Ka Atiar and T7 News who are the media partners of our group and also to all the media/press who participated. .
Inspecting the flood affected areas in Anbyon County, Kim said the area is the worst affected area compared to other parts of the country.
The Umngi Winter Beach Festival 2024 will be held to promote tourism and create job opportunities for the youth.
The KSU said why the government doesn't know that coal is already available in the state, especially from East Jaintia Hills and in what form the government wants to import coal from Assam.
According to Yoona Dkhar, these jhurs were harvested from the school garden and cooked during the midday meal to the students of the school. they.
There are also religious groups that love their brothers and sisters.
Shillong: The District Administration has decided to lift the closure of Naz Hotel and Grace Hotel Complex at Bimola Point, Sweeper Colony, Mawlonghat from today. PD Lyngwa, Mynsam (Rum) Lower Lumparing.
“In the past, they used to criticize how much these new parties would support, they still thought that the VPP would go to the bus like others,” said Bah Ardent.
The child is a female and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
TUR said that if there is an extension of working hours, the government should also increase the salary and should also comply with the existing rules or laws.
Phramer Cricket Club beat Northeast Adventist University Cricket Club (NEAUCC) by 258 runs in the District Cricket League organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on 23rd June.
Adelbrt, who is also the leader of KHNAM, was summoned to appear before the court for making statements against the court. Judge SR Sen, in which he prohibited Rangbah Shnongs from issuing permission through the dead bodies or newborns or in relation to the application for permission to build houses or to apply for loans from the Bank.
And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS, John 23:32-4
The squash court is still there today.
He also expressed his satisfaction to be able to erect the statue of Tirot Singh in Dhaka as he was the first to attack the British in India.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KSU) welcomed and honored the team as soon as they arrived at Mawlai Petrol Pump.
The village was founded in 1970 by five families – Sila Lyngdoh Nonglait, Swindro Lyngdoh Langrin, Dwelling Lyngdoh Langrin, Diarmon Langrin and Phringly Langrin.
The state prioritizes the goal of promoting local governance.
She said that as students they should take care of themselves in all aspects, because the human body is the Temple of God.
Children eligible for registration are between 13 and 16 years old and the age limit is for those born since 1st July
He said that the arrival of foreign pigs, which have been brought into the state and have not been properly examined by the relevant doctors, will lead to the spread of African Swine Fever. and it will not affect those pigs raised by pig farmers in the state as a whole.
It is learned that today, the earthquake has been only 3 or 4 times a day and the intensity of the earthquake has increased from yesterday.
Dulong School has not yet completed the tournament which has been completed to win the title.
After a while an auto of Prem came, stopped and Prem stopped.
However, we must not forget those people who fought in the British Parliament for the independence of India.
Speaking to media, Mukul Sangma said that in view of this problem, the INC has brought a lot of assistance to the farmers.
l The revenue is expected to be 23,545 crore.
He also expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area Bah HM Shangpliang who has helped from the beginning until now to honor the youth.
Nongpoh: Speaking at a meeting with the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State from the United Democratic Party (UDP), said that the 5 constituencies in Ri Bhoi, but not a single candidate from the party has reached the goal of victory in the 2013 and 2018 elections.
On the one hand, this action of Judas is tantamount to the word corruption today; The Cambridge Dictionary defines corruption as the misuse of power and position to take advantage of government schemes. Webstar Dictionary defines it as a change from good to bad morals.
PP Sharma, Technical Expert, JJM, Rituparna Borkataki, MIS Expert, JJM and Mr. Onessimos Shangdiar, Training Co-ordinator.
The headquarters of MBOSE at that time was in Tura.
APSTA has visited Kolkata to visit the burial place of Thomas Jone I Missionary who is known as the father of Khasi literature and also to celebrate the 171st anniversary of the foundation of schools. Primary in this state.
YS Sharmila, sister of Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Reddy and President of the YSR Telangana Party, has been summoned by Congress President in Karnataka and Advisor to the Chief Minister DK. Shivakumar at his residence in Bengaluru yesterday.
In the 2019 MP election, Sujata worked alone in her husband's constituency because she was banned from running in Bankura, which is the constituency she is contesting. The Calcutta High Court on charges of extortion.
The HNYF leader is Bless Dkhar who is the President of the HNYF East Khasi Hills District.
The first quarter final of the tournament will be played on 12/01/2024 between Tyrchang and Sohphoh at 1 pm.
Shillong: Bah Kmelin Snaitang has lodged a complaint that on the 12th of this month, unidentified robbers stole his mobile phone from Police Bazar, Shillong. .
She said that women need to have the courage to stand for rights and to raise their voices against such violence.
All of us now know and understand what covid-19 is and how it spreads.
The five candidates who applied for the Congress ticket include three men and two women.
