“From time to time we have consulted with scientists from the United States and Israel who are researching on plants to revive river water or to cleanse the acid water in the river.
The election was conducted by the Election Committee Sawraid in accordance with the Administration and Election of Sordars of Sawraid Khyrim Syiemship Act 1997, said the Chairman of the Election Committee Peter Pyngro Hilarius. .
He expressed his gratitude to the Lamphang for translating the Governor's speech into English while he was speaking in Hindi.
The reason is that there is no full time SDO, but only one officer is in charge.
Regarding the students' objection to the Tenancy Bill 2013, Auguster Jyrwa said that the students' objection to the Tenancy Bill 2013 is in line with the Tenancy Bill. It is clear that the Immigration Act is a vague Act and does not say anything about the illegal entry of foreign authorities.
Shah, who took part in a discussion meeting on the harmful effects of drugs in New Delhi, praised the Tripura government and urged other states to follow the example of this. state to fight against drug trafficking.
Mawtawar SC beat Marbisu SC 3-1 in the Second Division Football League on Tuesday at the MFA Ground, Polo. .
According to the information provided, the cost of raising and breeding fish has increased significantly in the years that the department has been working through its activities.
“In Meghalaya, there is peace and order, of course there has been an incident and they are not residents here but they are youths who have come to study here,” said the Secretary of Gangte Relief Community, SM Lalte. message.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Seng, Kong R.Jyrwa, said that the seizure of liquor in Iewduh is due to the illegal sale of liquor. There has been a blindness to the overcrowding of shops from Motphran to Khlieh Iewduh which has greatly affected the society.
This was a meeting of the old students of this school to discuss how to improve the roads in relation to this school as the existing building is old and they need to get a school. a better house.
So far, 26 people have been confirmed infected with the corona virus in the state.
The protesters clashed with the police which led to the police firing tear gas at the group of protesters.
On the other hand, the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in his speech on the occasion, said that in this election, many people talk about the development of the country. I am afraid that if we make a mistake on this occasion, what will be the future of our children because many of them have talked only about wealth.
Because we don't know the reason and I have sent an inquiry,” said Bah Tynsong.
Therefore, Ma Nujorki Sungoh MLA together with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills Shri BS Sohliya IAS and Bikram D Marak, Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills have decided to open this outpost at Barato village. 13 November 2022.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle through its Thiepjaphlang Unit has donated 1000 rupees to two persons with disabilities.
“Tripura has lost its villagers due to the influx of people from Bangladesh and other states are in danger,” said the chairman of NESO. In Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma will campaign for the NPP in Mizoram for the three-day MLA election on the 28th of this month.
This does not mean that journalists should always oppose those in power or the government but they should be careful lest they become weapons of those in power.
She said that now that there are many cases of COVID-19, but it has been seen that more and more jobs have been opened and here it has been seen that there is a risk.
The time has come for us to change and if we don't accept the change or change with the times, we will be left behind.
Before being elected as MLA from Phulbari Assembly Constituency, Mominin was an MDC from Shyamnagar on the NPP ticket. He was also the former Chairman of the State Forest Department.
Therefore, the union through this statement urges the District authorities/Amlarem Civil Sub Division to take immediate action against these coal trucks. and the over loading which has caused the road to deteriorate day by day.
Perhaps there are schemes that show that they have been completed only in the file offices while nothing is done on the ground.
On this occasion, the Syiem of Raid Marwet together with the leaders of the Hima Mylliem took part in the ceremony. who gave thanks to the Creator who has taken care of and who has given the harvest in the land of the raid and who have prayed for the harvest and good the land of the son of a thousand raid for this year throughout the year.
There are 894 confirmed cases in the country, including 441 cases from East Khasi Hills, 32 cases from Ribhoi District, 11 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 9 cases from West Garo Hills and 239 cases from South West Garo Hills. 34 cases, 41 cases from South Garo Hills, 45 cases from East Garo Hills and 10 cases from North Garo Hills.
We don't express our disapproval of this struggle because it shows that those in the opposition are willing to join the ruling party and become ministers because of their many incomes.
The injured man was helped to be rescued by the people, but they could not and it was not until the Puh Shilum arrived that he was rescued.
She expressed her gratitude to the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma and AICC President Sonia Gandhi for giving me the opportunity.
Besides the JPMF, other political parties include the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), Jaintia Students Union (JSU), All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO), Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Hynniewtrep National People Front (HNPF), and Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM).
After you have done this, you can increase your price from T.250 to T.
Through this Solar Mission, the Government will provide some support to households in urban and rural areas and in various sectors to encourage them to use solar energy. from the Sun to help reduce the reliance on Hydro Projects as it is now.
Sadly, the district authorities have used foreign workers to delete these writings.
“We will try our best to complete it by November or the first month of April because when it is clean with bitumen, vehicles can run smoothly but when it is clean with dewbilat we cannot allow vehicles to pass. they will pass in addition to it," the Minister said.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the fourth ATM of the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Ltd (MCAB) at Laitumkhrah.
“I will take a decision by November but I don't have any ticket from any party or Congress,” he said.
Nongpoh, July 23: Taking into consideration the complaints received from the students, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) North Khasi Hills today conducted an inspection of the school. DIET is located in Saiden village, Ri Bhoi District.
Bindo said that this action of the government is a violation of the rights of the people because in those constituencies where the MDCs have resigned, they have remained without a leader, which is the right of the people. .
The DC of East Khasi Hills District, during the meeting, promised to take action on this issue.
In addition, it is alleged that the owner of the company has been accused of many illegal activities in the trade.
"Our religion and I feel that those who want to come into the world should come and should not be stopped," Ajmal said.
Jesus turned water into wine, healed the lepers, healed many who were sick, healed demon-possessed people, cast out demons, healed the deaf, opened the eyes of the blind, heals the dumb, raises the dead.
They advised parents to be close to their children and to associate with them every day in relation to marriage without any hesitation so that their children their hands shall not be led astray in the walk of their neighbours.
On the closing day of the tournament, Dang Pyrshang FT won the title by beating Nongktieh SC 1-0
Speaking on the tender announced by UCIL in the past few days, Dr Mukul said the government has no information and the government has now ordered UCIL. The tender for development works in South West Khasi Hills should be temporarily suspended.
He said that the problem of the men and women of the state is that after being elected to lead the state they have to seek assistance from companies and so on to participate. in various sports platforms.
“I talked to him this morning to meet with him.
The Prime Minister said the country's COWIN program has implemented the largest vaccination campaign in the history of the world.
He said that the state government in the past 30 years has taken special measures and measures to raise the voice of the residents so that it can be controlled. and the illegal activities of the armed groups.
Regarding this incident, they also want a full explanation from the police department why they refuse to release their names when those with high marks are rejected, but those with low marks are selected for interview and which they decided to hold on the 11th of June.
Elon Musk has been talking about the need to have more children.
The child was 48 inches tall, wearing a gray jacket, blue shorts and blue slippers at the time of his disappearance.
The final will be played on Monday 3rd at 10:00 pm. The Under-17 (Girls) category of Kiang Nangbah H/S School will face North Liberty H/S School at 10 pm. good morning.
We understand that her willingness and reluctance to appear before the media to condemn us and deny her involvement in the work we used to do, is because she is ashamed and ashamed to be seen by the media. earth.
Sangma, to confirm the new government and also held a memorial service for two former members of the Legislative Assembly who passed away, Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh and Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
“It will be a memorable moment for the club as a whole and West Khasi Hills as a whole if we win the trophy.
Shlem is a place where the rich and the poor are spread.
“We have also requested for an inquiry by the Central Government Investigation Team, whether by the NIA or the CBI, before the Chief Minister of Meghalaya takes the demand,” Sarma said.
As of Sunday morning, 34 people have died in the incident, including two children.
So far, only the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPD) have been working under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) since the 2018 elections.
Nongstoin, Iaiong 18: Unidentified robbers have broken the lock of the teachers' room of Christ Disciple Girls Secondary School on Friday night. School Nongstoin, and the robbers also broke into the room and stole the necessary documents of the school.
Khliehriat, July 11: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today lodged a Suo Motu Case against the death of coal miners in East Jaintia Hills District. Police have launched an investigation into the incident.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the MPSC, LM Sangma, congratulated the students by saying that everyone has knowledge but only those who have the ability to write can translate words.
In Jaintia Hills, besides the village roads, the NH-44 from Shillong to Jowai to Malidor and Ratacherra has become a horse-drawn road.
Manish Sudhir scored 22 runs for the fifth wicket and scored 27 runs off 31 balls.
He said that so far only 415 people have benefited from this scheme in Resubelpara Block and he promised that all of them will receive this scheme and urged all those who are eligible to submit their applications. forms at the right time.
The 5km race will be free of charge, all participants will receive prizes and all winners will receive medals.
Of the 77 deaths, 30 have died in Kamrup Metro District alone.
Bah Syngkon was released on bail from Jowai District Jail in West Jaintia Hills District this evening.
The General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah RL Blah, said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issues related to the transfer of powers of Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs in the High Court of Meghalaya. .
On this day, police have arrested 73 persons from this area including children, for drunk driving and others.
At 12 noon, the supporters of the curfew damaged the vehicle of Panchali Shyam, Civil Judge-cum-Assistant Sessions Judge, at Mahdeb Tilla village in Haflong.
ASSOCHAM will specialize and ensure better care for all.
Chokpot is famous for its coal trade, has dense forests, and is a haven for insurgents.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 10 : Although the Dorbar Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Rawon Unions, Fish Conservation Associations, Rongrin Kur and others in the Lyngngam area, have warned and opposed to the point of killing the fish in the river by using drugs, bombs, and locked doors.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie through the Art & Culture Committee expresses its pleasure to spread this news and congratulates all the thousands of children of Jaintia Hills especially the children of the Niam Trei who will celebrate the The Beh Dein khlam of various kingdoms this year.
Leaders of SRS Ri-Bhoi attended the clothes distribution program today at Iewmawlong.
In his meeting with the village officials recently, Bah Process urged the village officials to provide the necessary documents for the construction of the site.
In November last year, France manager Didier Deschamps said, “I love all my players, but I am sorry for Paul who has not been able to play due to injury.
She said they said that the stolen items may be more than what is now being found as investigation is ongoing.
With the beauty of the forests, the peace of nature, the many rivers, the agriculture, there is nothing.
The next morning she left for Shillong and returned to Guwahati where she was found.
We will see how it will be and at present I cannot answer all the questions and I can say that we are still considering this issue,” he said.
Similarly, on the provision of information by the school through UDISE, it was agreed that there should be only one UDISE Code for each school on the same campus and managed by the same Management.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has recorded 211.6 percent rainfall in Mawsynram, 205.0 percent in Amlarem and 206.2 percent in Sohra in the past 24 hours. Sohra RKM 208.0, Khliehriat 200.0, Mawkyrwat 118.0, Mawphlang 96.3, Baghmara 17.0, Jowai 160.0, Shillong 45.0, Rongara 22.5, Shella 145.0, Barapani
The acceptance of the ILP by the 60 MLAs in the Special Session is only one step towards victory and the real victory will be on the day the Central Government enacts the ILP in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The name of Bah Radha Mawkhlieng, has been known by everyone from the elderly to the youth and children in Umniuh Tmar village, Riwar Pynursla area. Radha, who is about 80 years old, is one of the skilled midwives who has helped many mothers who gave birth in Umniuh Tmar and other neighboring villages. .
Shillong CA (A) won the toss and elected to bat first, but their leading batsmen missed one after another.
Ltd, have paid taxes and others.
At this ceremony, the Minister in charge of the Secretariat, Deborah C. Marak today honored the 38 employees who have returned to the Secretariat.
Shillong, Nailur 20: Ka KHNAM has opened the door to talks with other political parties to cooperate in the upcoming MLA elections but it has not been able to win the two seats of North Shillong and Mawlai. put your own candidates.
The Prime Minister's promise came after the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, EMs and many speakers expressed the need for the Bill after the order of the High Court. state which has lost the power and authority of the Rangbah Shnong.
The Trade Fair was inaugurated by Bah A Makdoh, Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar.
Bah NS Langrin said that as the village and the residents of the village, we strongly request the government or district authorities to help us because to leave only the residents has faced difficulties because they have to go to work. The search for people and even the owners of the people have suffered for months because many of the residents work in the morning and eat at night.
Surprisingly, besides those who were sent by the police, the ADM has also investigated six others who surprised the police that they were missing because they did not send their names to the house. judgment, the police report.
Camera & editing and Director of Photography, Rockyland Laloo.
UDP MDCs from Jaintia Hills include Lamdibok Sumer, Moonlight Pariat and others.
“We will stop the proposal to sell the land after arranging with the KSU Mawlai which has promised to take action,” said Bah Jones.
“Of course, this is a long standing issue to demand the removal of the kharmetor from this area,” said Bah Ardent.
According to the rules, when people walk with a stick to work from one side of the road to the other, the traffic police should stop the vehicles first and the drivers should also stop and stand a little farther away. allow them to pass.
He stressed that the ongoing campaign to empower women to support themselves through self-help groups will be strengthened through Drone Didi and will open up more opportunities for them in employment.
They were taken to hospital for treatment and after receiving treatment they were released.
Therefore, he said that the time has come for us to think how to protect and preserve the environment so that the water sources will last and they can breathe the air and drink the clean water. mornings.
There have been 28,637 new cases of COVID-19 in India in the past 24 hours and 551 deaths.
Similarly, the increase in the number of people from the rural areas to study in schools and also to seek employment in the cities, as well as the influx of foreigners into the state. you are right.
On 21st November 2022, NPP youths put up various signs on the streets of Tura to honor Bernard Marak.
Perhaps the NPP is trying to persuade other MLAs from other political parties to join the party.
The Grand Vitara was on its way to Bethany Hospital Nongpoh from Byrnihat.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (MC&GO) will hold a Mini Marathon on the 5th July 2023 starting at 6 pm, starting from Liar Bang, etc. The villages of Liarkhla, Kdonghulu, Thadnongiaw, Khweng, Mawbri, Nongrim Nongladaw, Mawtneng, Umshaproh and end at Kurkalang Square in Bhoirymbong.
He said Meghalaya will lose many acres of land with the implementation of the agreement between India and Bangladesh.
Skeet: Mixed team: 1.
Before the start of the celebration, the Rangbah Shnong of Lumsohphoh Dorbar Shnong, Bah N.Pakynteiñ, opened the Fete in the afternoon. The song was conducted by the Cultural Secretary, Bah FA Dkhar.
The Minister said that the government cannot promise anything to them as it will affect other volunteers from other departments.
When asked by this writer whether he has received any news that there are many candidates who want to apply for ticket from the Congress party, Rasor said, “Nang bun nang naan”. He said that he has just taken over the post and said that he will look into the work in the coming days.
The JSM has given a deadline of the 16th of this month to start the work and warned that if the work does not start, the JSM will demolish all the buildings.
He said that many countries from those NATO countries have done their utmost to support and empower Ukraine so that it can fight against Russia and also so that it can be able to. improve the situation in the country despite the heavy losses and damage caused by the enemy attack on Russia since the beginning of the war until today.
The Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) has released a list of houses that have been destroyed before the heavy rains.
In fact, MLAs have their own powers and duties and party office bearers also have their own powers and duties.
On the occasion, the KSU Nongpoh Circle, was accompanied by the leaders of the KSU, NKHD, other organizations including the FKJGP, RBYF and HNYF. School children, teachers and residents of Nongpoh area, also participated in the march.
You have seen that we have tried our best to talk to many political parties, but two of them have shown their character.
II, RoHFW; Dr. A Dan, Public Health Specialist, AIIH&PH will visit Odisha and Dr Dibakar Sahu, Assistant Professor, AIIMS Raipur will visit Chhattisgarh.
Amanda Liza Kharakor (43) scored two goals for Nabaphylla Majaw in the 34th and 44th minutes.
Patstar Nongshlong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem Village, has expressed his regret that the Meghalaya government has abandoned the people in these border areas.
The Congress President said Modi has not spoken a single word, has not called a meeting of all political parties and has not called a single meeting.
On the protest scheduled for the 5th, he said the reason is because they have already talked to the government, but the government has not yet had time to look into their demand. They demanded that their salaries which have been in arrears for 5 months should be paid.
A. Kromah scored again in the 83rd minute and I. Vanlalruatfela in the 89th minute before Lajong's Donoklang scored in the 90+3
Referring to the conviction of offenders, Ri-Bhoi District has topped the list of convicted offenders with 50 convictions followed by West Khasi Hills District. Hills with 31 cases and East Khasi Hills with 30 cases.
The Chief Minister of Mizoram and the Chief Minister of Assam have met twice in New Delhi in the past years to resolve the border issue.
There will also be a performance of dances and songs by the youth of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij Shillong, who have never heard or known such things, but who are still taking care of them. that is, the longdien that is now.
Non-NFSA rice shall be distributed at the rate of 7.215 kgs per card/household at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee and shall not exceed Rs.14/- per kgs.
Every household should have a green space so that water does not fall into the ground.
The Seng will continue to follow up on these two Kurs and the Seng strongly warns against any foreigners who steal the name and clan of Khasi which affects not only these two Kurs but also the Khasi Kurs. The Seng will also take strong action against such foreigners who intend to take over and have power in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Congress party will monitor the working of the new government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. .
The CBI has named the then Education Minister, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and others as involved in canceling the marks of the candidates who passed the examination to pass again those who failed.
On this occasion, Rakesh Sinha also spoke in Khasi for the first time in his life.
The KSU through these actions expresses to the Meghalaya government that although the state has been in power for 48 years, the ruling governments have not been able to implement the laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners. state and authorities within the state of Meghalaya.
Herman Nongrum, Ex-Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bindo M Lanong and Ex-Chief Executive Officer of Meghalaya, Hispreachingson Shylla, said that Nishan's wish to celebrate the Khasi New Year will be celebrated. Member KHADC and Rangbah Spiton Kharakor who is the writer.
The Eleusine coracana is the most common species in India.
In this state, we also need training centers for tourist guides.
The meeting was conducted by the President, Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh in the presence of the Vice President, David Ch Marak and other office bearers.
His works, as mentioned above, have not hurt us.
After being arrested, they tried to feed him, but he didn't eat anything. They released him back into the forest on the same night. The forest is located near the Dawki Catholic Church.
As of Thursday morning, no group has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Besides the Deinkhlam, the Khnong Blai and the Symbud Khnong Blai were also brought to the Loom Sooiung which is a sacred place.
Therefore, the village strongly warns all the shopkeepers not to throw garbage in the street, as it will become garbage again and will affect not only the cleanliness of the area, but will also affect the street. If there are shops that violate, the village will not hesitate to fine those who violate.
In the complaint, Umsning MDC Macdalyn S Mawlong urged the police to take immediate action and arrest those who dared to insult and defame her on social media.
“This is the first time that the party has honored me in front of the people after the party won the election for me as a songwriter and for Skhem as a singer. “It is not right to say that this speech of hers means that I want to be honored but it shows the morality of the VPP party,” he said.
What is important is that no matter what kind of disease we have, we should think carefully so that we can avoid any problems in the future.
The Central Government has paid a salary of T.19044 to the teachers of L.P.School and T.20493 to the teachers of U.P.School.
This will be held on the 6th March 2014 at Phudmuri Presbyterian School at 12 noon.
Among the 27 Meghalayans who arrived safely in Egypt include Rajya Sabha MP and NPP State President Dr. WR Kharlukhi.
Many of you asked, “Where is Bah Ardent's Clean Politics Campaign?”
The Prague Cine Awards are the largest awards ceremony in the North East and aim to promote filmmaking and recognize talented filmmakers in the region.
In this ethnic conflict, we see that there will be no end.
Construction of houses and other structures along the river within 500 meters is prohibited.
Even if they are illegal, the law must punish them.
Shillong: A coal truck has been parked in the line of coal trucks in Tuber Sohshrieh area of ​​East Jaintia Hills.
The Minister of Electricity said that in these days there is a power outage due to the reasons that the department faces from time to time such as rain and storm.
See the statement issued by the MPSC on 9th November to amend the vacancy announcement relating to 59 posts.
It is true that the Sengbhalang has done a lot but until now the Sengbhalang still needs to continue to work and needs to do more than what it has already done.
However, the testing of cows by doctors from the Veterinary Department has been slow since the 1990s until today.
The central theme of the celebration is that no one should be denied the right to vote after reaching the age of 18 years.
Conrad said that the presence of Farmers Markets will prevent other opportunists from interfering in the sale and purchase of their products by the farmers and this will benefit the farmers of the state.
During the search in the presence of independent witnesses, two boxes of soap were recovered from Manoj's bag and a powder stem weighing 21 grams was also recovered.
At that time, the residents of the area blamed the coal factories but the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board issued a report that it was from coal.
However, at such a sudden time, the farmers have had to give up their livelihoods due to the sudden cold weather in some parts of West Khasi Hills District, which has caused severe damage. to the plants, especially to the rice.
Regarding the Ïawmusiang Market Complex, he said a Balance Estimate and DPR have been prepared and the work is now progressing.
The Dorbar Shnong Moorap has launched a rally against the robbery of three bloodthirsty men suspected of involvement in the murder of Pynkhreh Surong from Mynsngat on the 9th of this month.
Denmark, Switzerland, the USA, Korea, France and Germany are the countries where the athletes from these countries are expected to perform well.
However, at the time of writing, no exact information has been received on the reason for the shooting of these youths, whether it was their own fault or not. which was attacked by the Assam police.
This comes after the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, urged the political parties not to protest, but to come to the table to talk.
Finally, Bah Marten said that if the government continues to remain silent on these issues, the time will come when the party will show its own issues on the border.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded that the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) should immediately issue an advertisement. for vacancies in the office.
During the inspection, the reporter saw that the two street houses which have been built from side to side have been left empty and old because the doors have been broken, the ground has been covered with plants. the bottles that were broken, the garbage, and the stones that were thrown into the rooms.
Bah Kharjahrin said that his appearance to contest the MP election is not to criticize other parties or other candidates but to speak out on the principles he has for the entire nation and the state. hi.
Albinus said that he was expelled from the party a few days ago.
In the rural areas, 20 cases have been injected once and 3 cases have been injected twice, while 109 cases have not been injected and 62 cases have been injected once. injected twice, 12 cases and those who have not been injected, 256 cases.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the state government's intention to evict the Harijans from this area is after a thorough consideration. licensed by the High Level Committee (HLC).
He also praised the various Dorbar Shnongs of the constituency who have worked hard and are willing to work together for the sake of peace and stability in the constituency.
JOWAI: The Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai, which is one of the training institutions for young people, allows students to participate in other groups working for the betterment of the community and in On the 7th of July 2019, the students of the college have allowed the students of the college to join the Scouts-Guides Movement which is one of the organizations in the world.
In bright countries where there are intelligent leaders, they put the agenda at the forefront of education which develops the intellectual capacity of the world which knows along with the moral value of to develop skills through schools and colleges, universities under the guidance and leadership of teachers produce great thinkers, intellectuals, political leaders, scientists, engineers, doctors, professors, technologist and others for the good of human beings in society here on earth.
The residents of the area have complained about the difficulties in their daily commute.
Shillong, Nailar 23: After the Meghalaya High Court has acquitted the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. the state decided on November 24, 2015.
He congratulated the people, village leaders and supporters who have been willing to come forward to repair the road which is the source of economic development and income for the people.
In a letter written by the Archbishop of Shillong, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, to the Archbishops, Major Superiors, Provincials, Parish Priests, Principals, Rectors, Superiors, Priests and all the clergy, On Thursday, all these and other residents were urged to take part in the meeting convened by the Catholic Association.
Support staff including coaches have been selected for the tournament.
On the other hand, the union has urged the SDO to send repairs to the road construction company, which is currently working on these areas, to avoid any problems especially for the ambulance vehicles. and the vehicles of the city shall pass through this place.
There are many people from Bihar who live in Sant Kabir Nagar.
Phan Nonglait helped Syiem Tirot Singh to fight against the French rule and was also a hero whose troops killed 32 French soldiers according to this book. ," said the Convener of the Assembly, Bah Michael N.Syiem.
It is strongly suspected that there is an attempt by the government to move in such a way that it will not be able to discuss this issue in the Legislative Assembly.
In another incident, a former member of the ANVC (B) identified as Foremen G Marak, 36, of Rongkhugre village under Shallang PS has surrendered. Police sources said that the suspect joined the ANVC in 1997 and is also a collector of money from the GNLA from all the mahari, from the khrong gates. treasury.
More sadly, the HNLC has decided to treat the media as its enemies for this reason alone.
She studied at the Welsh Mission Girls School, Shillong and then at the Diocesan College and Bethune College, Kolkata and completed her BT Degree.
Of these 742 cases, 12 cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills, 35 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 23 cases in factory workers.
Many people on the first day of the festival went to the market which is also a place where there are shops.
SCA B beat Ri Bhoi by 4 wickets in the Zone 1 match at Khliehtyrshi and in the Zone 2 match, East Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills by 84 runs at Tura.
We often hear the words of the elders of Niamtre who often say, “Maïa ïei ïong I de.
The audience who attended the meeting was very lively, which not only received explanations from the VPP leaders, but also received songs from the area.
That is why many children do not grow.
Arunachal Pradesh Police in Namsai area in collaboration with Tinsukia Police on the 20th of this month have arrested four robbers involved in illegal robbery. to 26 motorcycles from different parts of the state.
to clarify it is better to investigate in the cbi.
After her first victory, Sindhu will have to prepare herself for her next match against Tai Tzu Ying from Taiwan.
“There is still a lot of work to be done to reach all those who deserve it,” she said while talking to media at Shillong Press Club on Monday.
When you are in another state, you are still healthy.
Nongpoh: The election of Rangbah Shnong in Mawshut, has continued without being stopped, and now the village has turned into a village without a Rangbah Shnong. Head of the village.
I believe the location is also very suitable for this plant.
However, this attempt has not been successful due to the increasing number of villages or places.
He finished with 2/9 from 3 overs and Meghalaya will look to continue with this style of bowling to beat Hyderabad when the match resumes this morning.
The bills opposed by the Congress in Bhoi include the Farmers Produces Trade and Commerce Promotion Felicitation Bill 2020, the Farmers Empowerment Protection Bill 2020 and the Essential Commodities Amendment Bill
In another media report, it was reported that although the order of the National Green Tribunal is still in force banning the transportation and mining of coal in the state, and which has been handed over to the committee to implement the Investigation of the coal that has been mined for sale within 3 months of the stipulated time.
A statement from the police said that the court was informed about the incident without proper investigation.
Khliehriat, March 30: The expectation of the people of the border area to get a good road will soon come true, when the Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the road will be fulfilled soon. The foundation stone will be laid at Bataw village on the 4th November 2022 for the construction of this border road.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) will hold a protest on the 19th November 2018 at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat from 11 am to 3 pm.
Regarding this suggestion, Bah John Ardent said that this suggestion is only a desire to get a share of the ruling party in the KHADC. The EC of all the parties is like an agreement between the ethnic parties and the national parties.
In another development, it was reported that many Governors appointed during the Congress rule will have to resign, including Gujarat Governor Kamla Beniwal. , who had met many times with Modi, during his tenure as Chief Minister of the state.
Trait picked it up and covered it with a blanket.
However, this soh does not grow well in areas where there is little silver and a lot of shun.
Speaking at a meeting at the Meghalaya State Guest House today, Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that there are still two MDCs who want to join the UDA. Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang has joined the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
Mumbai Police have registered a case against them under Sections 323, 341 and 337 of the IPC. I'm sorry for this.
On the 22nd of July, the CCIB had met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and during the meeting, the DC demanded that the boundary should be resolved. that they are not against the signboard but against the border which is still unclear.
Also present were the President and Secretary of the Sein Raij Jowai, the Sein Raij Shillong, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, the Presidents and Secretaries of the Districts and Branches of the Sein Khasi.
He also urged those who join the VPP to join with the intention of serving the people and not expecting to get contract jobs or any job for personal gain.
On the other hand, Thabah urged the youth to work hard in their studies and not to waste their time in unprofitable activities.
City buses, mini buses, local taxis and auto rickshaws have been allowed to operate in Shillong and also in the suburbs, such as Mawpat, Mawlai and Mylliem Block. appoint a time, that they may walk, from 6 o'clock in the morning until 6 o'clock in the evening.
According to a statement sent by the JAC leaders, the JAC, which is one of the coal traders' associations in the Shahlang area, sees that the presence of these coal mining factories in the area is for the benefit and blessing of the entire Shahlang area.
Expressing its dissatisfaction with the delay of the Assam and Meghalaya governments in issuing the final report on the incident in Mukroh, the NHRC said that this is a negligence by the Assam and Meghalaya governments towards the people of Mukroh. Meghalaya.
The HYC Ri Mulliang Circle has done many things for the betterment of the area.
The State Security Commission (SSC) has announced the names of four IPS officers who can be appointed for the post of DGP. Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Road Construction, Government of Meghalaya, said that the construction of the road to Weiloi, Mawkyrwat or the Weiloi Rangblang road.
Shillong: The city of Shillong, has been quiet this morning, with the roads empty, as vehicles have not moved at all, due to the curfew called by the NESO in the entire North East.
The party said it will fight for the inclusion of Meghalaya under Article 371 to protect the state from the implementation of Central Government laws which affect the customs and traditions of the indigenous people.
However, the NPP leaders have confirmed that their talks with the MDCs themselves are very close and it is understood that they too can join the group to form the new EC. .
After the loss and inability to celebrate Behdeiñkhlam in the past two years, this year by the grace and love of the gods we have been able to celebrate Behdeiñkhlam.
The Home Guard Volunteers have worked for 171 days, while since October they have received only 40 days salary.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the allowance for the operation of freight and food trains will be of great benefit to the people of Meghalaya.
“The report that more than 600 people have fled the village is not true but only 150 people have fled,” he said.
In a complaint lodged by the former AIG at Shillong Sadar Police Station, he said that the DGP will retire on the 19th of this month. November 2022, in its report at Para 1 of page 3 reads: “A Hyundai Verna parked at Central Worshop was marked with a fake number plate and there was no The registration number of this vehicle has been registered by AIG-A due to lack of documents.
After the ceremony, there was also a greeting between them by hugging each other.
On the part of the JSM, Ribok said it is pleased to congratulate the Government for taking the first step to clear the border with Assam. that Fifty years back.
On the other hand, the CDFI leaders said that at a meeting held to mark the National Panchayati Raj Day at Itanagar, the Chief Minister announced that after the resolution of the dispute, He will take special measures to resolve the issues faced by the state in relation to the Chakma and Hajong people.
Higher EducationGER to increase to 50% by 2035The NEP 2020 aims to increase the Gross Enrollment Ratio in higher education including vocational education from 26.3% (2018) to 50% by 2035.
According to sources, the incident happened at about 10 pm while the boy, Asabul Ali, along with his sisters and friends were playing near the river to escape from the river. the heat of the day.
Let us stand up and build our society, the morality and dignity that we have lost and make our State a safe State for women and children.
Nongrang IPS also awarded the Cash Prize Certificate, 2021 to seven members of CD & HG including cash prizes. .
At the end of the festival, Rai Medhi announced that the festival will be held in other countries of the world to promote the North East of India.
When he joined the political party, he said that the people always ask the person from which church he belongs to the most paid church just to get more supporters just to benefit from the wealth.
Shillong, November 28: The Publicity Secretary of JACATAM, Babu Kular Khongjirem, on Tuesday expressed his surprise over the failure of the Class IX examination set by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) this time. which is the second time.
John 3:3-8.
He said the party rejects this claim and will not allow Assam to use the land of the state.
Things are going smoothly in the right direction and there is nothing wrong...everything is good.
The students together with the leaders of the HYC who gathered in front of Shillong Law College, Malki have vowed to continue their protest if the State Government does not keep its promise as announced by the Minister of Education. Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
The victims include Area Lyngdoh, Student Lyngdoh, Risfully Lyngdoh, Esria Lyngdoh, Deborah Lyngdoh, Delina Khongsit, Lorita Lyngdoh and Wingky Dohlieng of Umden Mission and Bihrit Nongrum. and Umden Umlightprah.
This achievement has been recognized by the International Energy Agency as the most important news in the electricity industry in
Therefore, he hopes that due to the number of buses, there will be more acceptance and use of these buses carrying school children and it will help everyone to reduce traffic jam.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the HYC is deeply saddened by the incident in East Jaintia Hills. The union strongly condemns the violence of the police who bombed and shot the people just because they opposed the Public Hearing.
Not only that, he said that the most terrible thing is that this alcoholic beverage has started to find a place to buy it among the children which has put the parents in fear and anxiety. .
After about half an hour, the man came back with four others and attacked the woman and her son as well as stole money from the shop and fled the scene.
Imagine for yourself how the robbers could get into the hotel.
The books of Genesis and Exodus are the stories of the Jewish nation or Israel which appeared about 1950 BC and tell of their ancestors and how they began to grow and spread through different generations.
Meanwhile, The Sun has warned WhatsApp users to beware of those who offer various features and that they will have to pay money, because they will take advantage. to collect information from mobile phones and can misuse information received from different mobile phones.
The Lumsohpet Bneng Committee (LBC), Seng Khasi Kmie, will hold a climb to the Lumsohpet Bneng on the 5th of June.
Three Nigerians including two women and a man have been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills District Police after smuggling into the country on Monday.
On the allegation that there were no female policemen in the protest, the SP said, “There were female policemen in the area and they were in uniforms and those who stood were the elders. with male policemen in front to stop the teachers.
The Union has lodged a complaint with the DC of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, but has also lodged a complaint with the SP of Ri Bhoi District, Bah S. Thamar, EE of PWD, Nongpoh Division.
“Bah Shitlang Pale, in a statement sent to the media on Saturday, said that he has no intention of joining the BJP and contesting the 2023 elections. of this Party.
China's decision comes after Western countries have imposed sanctions on Russia, so that Russia can no longer do business or trade with them. because of the unprecedented invasion of Ukraine.
Justine also urged the teachers to do their job properly as teachers.
“The incident was a triumph.
There are other constituencies which have been counted as biej and troiñ, but they will show that they are clear and progressive in their way of thinking.
We have seen through social media that the Ministers of the MDA government who have been in power for the past five years have been praying and praying that they will win the 2023 elections peacefully but the social media Many media outlets do not accept the anti-incumbency waves of the MDA government.
To protest against the defeat of the resolution, Laitkroh MDC Bah Carmel Sohtun raised a flag which surprised many in the KHADC House today.
We request the residents to maintain the cleanliness and beauty of Motphran in memory of these heroes, by refraining from putting up posters in this place.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he will unveil the State Anthem on the occasion of the 52nd Anniversary of the Independence of the State.
KSU Nongkrem Unit President Kheiñkor Kharngi, Eastern Central Unit President Vincent Makri and Reallystar Nongspung Environment and Cultural Secretary in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Riborlang Kharumnuid have visited the hospital and found that the hospital has turned into a rice field and a goat farm.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh, one of the most famous and talented football stars of the state, has also represented India in various international tournaments.
The Prime Minister said the government has a lot to go on, amidst many challenges.
We are still children in terms of history, when will we grow up? The history we have just mentioned from the parody of the Dohlieh has destroyed the minds of the children of the thousands of the Hima and even the Khasi elders who have been influenced by the scientific tricks of the Dohlieh.
After 24 days of the third test, I was happy because I tested negative.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 358 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 151, Ri Bhoi with 117, West Jaintia Hills with 96 and South West with Khasi Hills 38, Eastern West Khasi Hills 33, North Garo Hills 31, South Garo Hills 15, East Jaintia Hills 18, West Khasi Hills 26 and East Garo Hills
They demanded the upgradation of Umlasnai Police Post to a full fledged Police Station and the upgradation of Bah SS Shiangshai to the rank of Officer Incharge.
Many residents of Hahchara and Borhapjan of the district attended the meeting.
David Cameron, who has won the Conservative government in England for the past five years, has made it clear that the Tory victory will allow him to he will give a good and abundant life, which will reach every Englishman.
“We have decided that the UDP and NPP will form an executive committee in Jaintia Hills,” said UDP Chief Minister and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Donkupar Roy after a meeting with the newly elected MDCs on Saturday.
If these things remain in our minds, it threatens the future happiness of our children, brothers and sisters.
The MFA will announce similar openings for other educational institutions in the coming days.
Referring to the narrow victory of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the NPP leader said these two parties belong to the people of Meghalaya. they have not yet received it.
What do we do in our daily lives? Do you please God? To please God we must do according to the word of God and not according to the word of men.
The revision of the Reservation Policy may affect the rights we have received from the 40 +40 p.
The union said that not only commercial vehicles which use petrol and diesel but also private vehicles use the same so everyone has the right to demand from the Government to immediately reduce the tax on petrol and diesel. petrol and diesel in the state.
Before our government came to power, more than 18,000 villages and many rural areas did not have electricity, even after 67 years of independence.
The runner, who ran the fastest time in the Marathon in Valencia last year, took his rest in the 19th mile of the race with the ability to bring to become the second fastest runner in the Marathon.
The HSPDP has been fighting for the Khasi-Jaintia State since 1987 and has been fighting for 35 years.
I am writing here according to my views and experiences of the situation in this Ri Khasi Jaintia and especially here in Jaintia.
The film was shot in Mumbai and many parts of the country.
On receiving information about the incident, the traffic police in Ri Bhoi, together with NHAI officials, rushed to the scene to evacuate the truck.
“We know that you claim that as the Minister of Home Affairs you have insulted the HNLC, but it is not true,” said HNLC Publicity Secretary Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw on his Facebook page.
Besides the uncertain boundaries around Meghalaya, land owners and buyers are facing difficulties from the end of the Jaintia Hills border to the Ribhoi.
Because the Holy Spirit cannot dwell in that dark heart.
Consumers can also get more information through the website: meghalayaconsumerhelpline.org and can send a message to schmeghalaya@gmail.com.
The BJP and Sena won 105 and 56 seats respectively in the last elections in Maharashtra.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MLA) will send both the men's and women's teams to represent the state in the 73rd Senior National Basketball Championship view of the Basketball Federation of India.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Khasi Jaintia Tourist Maxi Cab Association (SUMO) has announced that from the 1st of July, Sumo Jowai will stop at the new parking lot at the Seinraij Jowai Stand. The Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) Jowai, in a statement, said that the passengers from Jowai to Shillong will have to leave the new parking lot from the 1st. august.
The election campaign in Sohiong has been very intense especially between the NPP and the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022-23 was organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club. Ri Bhoi District, has already reached the final and is waiting for one of these two teams to reach the final for the title, with a cash prize of Rs 7 lakh. and the second prize is 3 lakh tyngka.
We make it clear that the party itself has no order to any of its members to do these things for the sake of peace and order in the State as a whole.
And don't be afraid of the people.
The US has also warned all countries of the world not to take sides in the war.
He said that the government has now introduced illegal activities through casinos which has been opposed by the people, Sengbhalang, religious leaders and other groups.
Shillong: The Opposition Congress Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that he has responded to those who ask why he has changed the basis on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) now when he did not want it before. the situation has now changed.
On the same day, when the KSU members went to close down the factory, they conducted a search for Trading License and Laboun License inside the factory. The KSU members have also ordered the foreign workers working inside the factory to be expelled.
The husband of the woman was also infected with Corona Virus and on July 6 he was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) has expressed its anger over the news that two MPUF leaders Dapoiwanmi Laloo and Khliehriat Circle President Kyrshan Blah have been arrested. He was arrested by the police for smuggling cows into Bangladesh, but as an explanation on the part of the Seng, the Seng does not allow any illegal activities but this case appeared in the newspapers such as Rupang, Shillong. times remaining caught by the police is not true and this is an old case that the SP wants to have just to slander the leaders of the Seng and the Seng as a whole because this case is also true. The case is unfounded because even at that time the leaders of the Seng had gone to talk not to go to the owner of those vehicles and the statement of the members of the Seng which they have already given is still there. Ladrymbai Police Outpost which certifies along with the signatures of the members of the Seng.
He also informed the meeting about the work done by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to strengthen the security forces across the country.
Santiniketan Kala Bhavan Praktoni has signed a social petition with the Riti Academy of Visual Arts, Shillong for the distribution of photography in the state. information and knowledge on writing through competitions to be held jointly in Shillong and elsewhere in India.
The rice we get from the mills (factories) that produce rice is that which has separated not only the stait, but which has taken away some of the pericarp of the rice symbol and the the embryo or germ, which are the parts that contain a lot of nutrients necessary for human health.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 25: Police of the Crime Branch of Ri-Bhoi District have conducted a search operation after receiving a tip that there is a high smuggling of petrol and diesel in Ri-Bhoi District and found several Oil Depots. not illegal in this District.
A 16-year-old boy from Mupliang village, who was trying to pick Tit dieng from the kseh trees in the evening, has been found dead on Saturday evening. and the body died in the field.
The Sordar of Pyndeng Umjaraiñ, War San Lyngdoh, said that the perpetrators of the shooting are robbers. “It is a robbery, unfortunately there are Sengbhalang. There are those who claim that the Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars are agents of UCIL, but we say clearly that we don't know anything about this false allegation. our aim has always been to bring development within the area.
Thousands of people from all over the area attended the opening ceremony.
During the march to bring peace in Manipur, the participants also carried placards to strongly condemn the persecution of Christians in the state and to demand from the state government of Manipur and the government to provide protection to the Christians in the state especially to end the conflict so that the people can regain peace.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed four Chief Executive Members (CEMs) for the three-year term ending in June next year.
Shillong, June 29: Police of Lumdiengjri Police Station in collaboration with a team of Police Search and Rescue Team, including Police from the Special Branch and Crime Investigation Department (CID) on the second occasion. On Saturday, they went to Pung Umïam to search for the knife used by the robbers to stab the body of Bah Omega Myrthong.
Nongstoiñ, November, 30: The MLA election is near and the wind of campaigning to promote their parties has started blowing in every village and township, where it has been heard and seen. Many people have started preparing to contest the 2023 MLA election. When we tried to monitor, we found that from all over the state there are There have been many changes, in which people have moved from one household to another, especially the leading leaders of all political parties. and who shall fall, who shall reach the goal, and who shall fail.
“This CPF will be operational from October this year,” said KJDSTA Joint Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem.
Coke is coal that is burned until the other chemicals in the coal are lost, and it is very expensive.
Also present at the meeting were Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, former MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Justine Dkhar, MDCs, elders, mothers, fathers, young men and women. you are from East Jaintia Hills District.
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday ruled that no child has the right to inherit from his mother and no father has the right to adopt a child just for the sake of , that he may receive the inheritance of his children after him.
Shillong: U Gaurav on Tuesday said that the Congress will rule the country again after the MP elections in
These include MGNREGS, CM-Elevate, PRIMEprogram, FOCUS, FOCUS+, Mission Mode Programs in Agriculture, Meghalaya Grassroot Music Project, Chief Minister’s Youth Centre, National Rural Livelihood Mission and Skills Meghalaya.
The quake was felt about 142 kilometers from parts of Tual in Indonesia and struck at around 7:30 am.
“Although the story is about the conflict between the two countries, the essence of the story is about a tyngshop who protects WaWap with the intention of expelling Wa from the place where he was born and raised. he has grown old".
However, I don't know why the organizers of the rally on that day canceled the rally without doing as I suggested. the Chairman and the organizers of the Rally.
The hearing was postponed to the 24th of November.
Therefore, the time has come for us to speak out and raise awareness of the shortcomings of the government especially in the field of health and education where ad-hoc teachers have been treated without salary increase. to 18,000 per month.
The article, entitled 'That's it, I'm wedding shaming', said that these rules are very divine and harmonious, according to the Bible.
“The program was special for me, to participate will be remembered,” said Grace.
It is on this basis that God does not want people to spend their lives in wealth and greed, but to know the Lord is the most precious thing for man" Jeremiah 9:23-2 .
Everyone has their own desires and we should not force others to follow what we want.
Through this custom, the villages in the border area will grow, develop and become trees to protect the nation as a whole.
The cemetery, which cost 300 million shekels (£69million), was built by Rolzur, as the government has not allocated any money for the cemetery.
Although the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) wishes its best wishes for the beginning of 2022 and the beginning of come.
On the other hand, the Syiem said that this ritual does not belong to the Hima Khyriem but to the Hima Shyllong which is held by the Hima Khyriem.
In East Khasi Hills, 11 cases of health workers, 8 cases in Polo, 17 cases from abroad, 8 cases from police and others.
Shillong, November 9: Shillong, November 9: For many days, the electricity supply in Upper Shillong has been cut off. From 10-10:30 pm, there was no electricity in the area and the fire continued until evening.
The program to welcome these two men and their followers was held at the Sajer Dorbar Hall, where the meeting lasted longer, as there were more speakers and guests. He praised the NPP Party for doing many good deeds for the benefit of the people in the state as a whole.
He also congratulated the people who elected him and said that this is the victory of the people of Nongstoiñ Constituency.
We are looking at how we can work together and how they can provide support to our Mission when it comes to solar generation," he said.
How many times has the IB PWD been paid for this work every month or every year and why hasn't a legal tender been called for this work?
“But now we have to throw the ball to the people to understand that we really need only one party,” he said. However, if the people want to have many political parties, the result of the election will be clear.
Why did Sinha choose to speak about Christians?” Sajan K. George, president of the Global Council of Indian Christians (GCI), pointed out the danger of Sinha's remarks: In 2018, he tweeted against Christian missionaries, calling them vestiges of colonialism and strongly condemning conversion.
In the final match, Dkhiah East SC beat Mookympad SC (FT) 1-0 through 10 goals in the 34th minute.
The SSR is a means of bringing about a clean, fair and transparent registration, in which various meetings have been held between the CEOs and DCs of various districts and political parties to ensure that the SSR is transparent.
The worst affected states are Maharashtra, Punjab and Chhattisgarh, which have the highest number of deaths in recent days.
Arupjyoti Gogoi of Assam received the award as the best athlete in the Under-20 category after winning gold medals in the 100m and 200m.
Due to the lack of water supply, the Minister acknowledged that there are some water supply projects of the PHE department in Garo Hills which have already been implemented, but there is no water due to the lack of water supply.
Thus we understand that man is a spirit but lives in this body while man is alive.
He chose not to shape the future with personal experiences.
The KSU leader said that in fact, when the KSU met with the people whose names have been mentioned, they said that they received only T.800 tyngka and when counting the T.800 and the There are 332 people and only T.2 lakh has been lost which shows that the money has been lost up to T.15 lakh.
BCCI Secretary Jay Shah said the final decision on the holding of the Asia Cup in other countries will be taken after the tournament. Indian Premier League.
The BJP has not yet commented on the people who have voted for it as it is still waiting for the elections in Assam next year.
She said that in the past five years, some organizations who act as the guardians of the Krem Maw jymbuin, have tried to ban the religious practices of the Hindu and Khasi people inside the Krem Maw jymbuin. and therefore, it is necessary to set up guards to prevent any incident from happening on that day.
He said that this government is an animal government because it takes more care of those who kill animals than those who kill human beings. , they sent for the arrest of the murderers.
According to him, this will be one of the employment opportunities for the youth of the state.
He is from Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills. The special skill he showed in this competition was to throw the ball around his body and to show how to throw the ball. He is also one of the players of a club in his village.
I believe that Satan is the father of all evil even today.
At the time of writing, the police have not received any information about the incident and the family members have not been able to inform the police about the incident.
The body was found this morning near the railway line in Rakh Barotiya. The body included Chinese-made pistols and hand grenades, army officials said.
• We extend our condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in this terrible incident.
Bah Sungoh completed the Basic Mountaineering Course from the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (NIMAS), Arunachal Pradesh with a Grade “A” which is the highest grade in the mountaineering course.
The residents also demanded that FEDCO should stop the electricity supply in the area and urged the residents not to pay electricity bill in the name of the company while MePDCL has not clarified. on this part.
Members of the Shillong Press Club, who spoke at the meeting, expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of this journalist.
Boys' High School in 1889-1891 and Shillong Zillah High School was established by Jeebon Roy.
When police arrived at the scene, they found him unconscious and rushed him to the hospital.
The deceased were identified as Drisda Rapthap (mother), two children, one 1 year old and 7 years old, her brother-in-law, Ioki Dewkhaid. Her husband Synsharlang Dewkhaid, his mother and five other children were taken to hospital.
Yadav, 57, and another party MLA were arrested by Income Tax Department officials in 2022 as part of an investigation into allegations of embezzlement. payment of taxes against several companies in connection with the sale and transportation of coal, implementation of Civil Contract, mining of Iron Ore and production of Sponge Iron in Jharkhand.
However, other MLAs from other parties have joined the NPP, which means that they have been bought and Banteidor's statement is not wrong”.
The question is why did this happen? Students and research scholars of history and political science may have a great opportunity to research.
Therefore, for the benefit of the people and especially the students who have been preparing for the final examination, the union urges the MeECL to consider turning off the electricity in these areas. “It's not like we're going to be able to do load shedding,” he added.
Therefore, I find that from now on there should be time to investigate so that those who have been accused of being involved in the crime and the Department will not be accused without grounds.
At present, only 100 hectares of coal are being mined, which is only 100 hectares.
The reason for the protest of the residents is that the JMB has been spreading garbage from Jowai without taking any precautionary measures or according to the latest science.
145.89 kilos of gold worth T.82.11 crore was seized.
On the other hand, Bah Gilbert Laloo, Working President of the NPP Mylliem Block, expressed his satisfaction with the explanation of the Minister of Forests of the State Government on the rumors that the Forest Department intends to sell the land. land to the air force departments.
Lawmali opened the scoring through Richmon Buam in the 23rd minute but before the end of the first half, Nongumlong through Graffenberg N Doloi turned the tide. This is the first goal in the 45th minute.
Only if they have their own real job, they don't rest as much as they don't rest when they fish.
According to the Secretary of Shlem, Babu Kular Khingjirem, this year, many non-tribals have donated to the fund. Shlem.
The union also submitted a petition with four issues to demand from the state government to ensure strong security forces in the border areas and to grant the rights of the refugees who have died. Assam Police in Mukroh.
In fact, the Chief Minister has already met with the Home Minister and there is no point in meeting him again but to please the MDA allies, he has to lead them again. partner of the MDA has been pleased with the children.
Besides, it cannot provide drinking water, there is a shortage of electricity, there is heavy traffic jam, there are no new roads, teachers have to strike for their salaries. Besides, the government has only promised them but there is no implementation of the promises.
Sohra, July 05: The Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) factory, which has suffered from machinery failure, will now be able to produce dewbilat again after being repaired. and soon the people will receive again the dewbilat from this factory which used to be the best factory.
He said he is not only happy to be a leader, but also to advocate and make laws.
Kong Nongrang, who was an IPS officer in 1992, is also the first female IPS officer from the state to reach the rank of DGP. There are about 124 Checkpoints in many districts of Manipur in both the hilly and lowland areas.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The students who passed the examination last year have decided to give two months to the government to release the results of 180 posts.
Therefore, the MBA wishes all these athletes all the best and hopes that they will win medals for the State.
Shillong, July 10: If the talks go smoothly, the UDP may get a new president in June to lead it and one of the prominent leaders. and the best in the state, is Bah Bindo M Lanong.
“If we cannot fulfill our promise, then we should apologize to the people,” said Lakshman, adding that the Kamal Nath government should promise when it will forgive them. ram of the farmers.
This time the central theme of World No Tobacco Day is “Tobacco – Threat to our Environment”.
Jowai, March 29: Former Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar on Tuesday inaugurated the first Ultrasonography Clinic at Rasongsli Nursing Home, Amshipai, Amlarem.
Such infections have been found in hospitals and child care centres, but are also widespread in prisons, soldiers and among the disabled.
At present, even 10 powa of people cannot shondur in this village, some say that they have to go to the blocks to get this card.
Ardent urged the people to be prepared when the VPP calls for a protest against the government at this time. There will never be another time to bring about change, and the VPP has only one thought before leaving this world: it wants to provide a safe future for future generations.
Trees provide many benefits that we cannot list here, but trees and forests provide many benefits and blessings.
Them Metor, known as the slum area of ​​Shillong, has been inhabited by Harrijans who work as road workers, garbage collectors and so on since the time of the rule of the Government of Bilat.
Commenting on X, Congress General Secretary Jairam Ramesh wrote, “Look how confused the Modi Government has become.
If it had been in the West, the trial would not have taken even a month.
The third issue on which they met with the Chief Minister was the issue of border resolution. The country should provide support regarding those seven border areas out of the 12 border areas between Assam and Meghalaya, of which six were resolved in October u 2022, in which the soskular was signed in the presence of Home Minister Amit Shah and the inspection of these sites by the two state governments is ongoing to recognize the pud u sam in these places where it happened.
Earlier, Dr Subrata Das, President, CPC, Meghalaya, said that the CPC was formed in 1992 to ensure a smooth Puja celebration in collaboration with the government.
Branch Secretary Darapshngain Laloo, Secretary Construction Ma Darapshngain Laloo, Secretary Khynroo Khyllod Ma Lewansa-O Laloo, Secretary Sports & Games Ma Zardest Najiar, Secretary Theater Ma Arkiru Laloo, Secretary Arts & Culture Ma Franky Niangti, Chairperson Women Walfare Organisation, Kongka Kong Social Secretary Kong Heiomitre Pakma.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umlaper, Ri Bhoi District this morning distributed foodgrains to 22 poor families in the village after receiving the foodgrains donated by Mawhati MDC Bah Charles Marngar.
Therefore, in connection with this light outage, the residents of this area urge the relevant authorities to take action and to ensure that the light will go out as soon as possible.
Shillong, March 27: The National People's Party (NPP) has won four MDCs in the KHADC in the 29-member Assembly. Victor Ranee (Jirang) MDC of the PDF while two others are Bah Jansin Tynsong (Lyngkyrdem) and Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem (Sohrymgkham).
It should be spoken in a language that is understood by all.
They went to meet Kong Swerlis Syngkliha at her house and found her wearing a checked eri silk (ryndia) stole in her traditional clothes.
Rupang: Do you think that the coal mining is the personal responsibility of the Dima Hasao Students Union? Lber: According to my experience in this case, in 2018, when it reached the Supreme Court, the Dima Hasao Students Union (KSU) has decided to ban coal mining in Jaintia Hills. without coming and appointing another lawyer to oppose or support the case.
The song was sung by Wonderson Mylliemngap and Phiwanbet Mylliemngap.
There are nine teams in the tournament including Umphyrnai SC, Lawsohtun SC, Smit SC, Nongthymmai SC, Nongrim Hills SC, Imson SC and Sawmer SC. Umphyrnai SC and Nongthymmai SC have been relegated to the First Division while Nongrim Hills SC has been relegated to the First Division.
“If you have any questions, you can ask through the comments on the live telecast through the youtube channel of Syllad, our Deputy Commissioner, is ready to answer so that you can get clarification.
We would also like to thank all our friends, relatives and all those who have put us and our families in their prayers during this time when we have to walk the most difficult path,” he said. Agnes and Amita.
Regarding the incident, Monu M.Aarengh said that as soon as his son left home, some people called him and demanded up to T.1 crore. for the release of his son and who also threatened that if he cannot pay the money, they will kill his son and that is what happened, when the father of the child, u When he replied that he could not pay the money, the robbers took the life of the child and went to hide in one of the quarries in Umtyrnga area.
“After we returned home, a man named Nick Nongkhlaw phoned me (Agnes Kharshiing) on ​​6009432916 and because the network was not good the phone was disconnected. Amita Sangma, who admitted that he had already given the money to the owners of these coal trucks and had already paid the money. " said Kharshiing.
At present, the party has only six members (five members have left the party, one has been suspended, Kimfa Marbaniang from Rambrai constituency has been replaced by HDR from Sohiong).
In fact, the protest against his performance began several months ago.
Leaders of HNYM, Nongpoh Zone led by Vice President, Bah Batlakupar.
The training was organized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF) in Navi Mumbai.
At the same time, he urged the people to support each other especially the poor and to follow the directions of the Government to prevent the spread of this disease.
On the other hand, Timothy admitted that the NPP will win easily from South Tura against Conrad K Sangma as the people are eager to elect an MLA candidate for the Chief Minister.
The progress of implementation of JJM in East Khasi Hills is 36.45%, in East Jaintia Hills by 36.72% and in West Jaintia Hills by 40.03%.
Sambok Lyngdoh Nonglait, Class VIII of Domkynjit Upper Primary School, gave a speech of encouragement followed by a dance by Ibanpyntngen Tongwah and Beat Boxing by Deiphiwansara Lyngkhoi of Nineset. Lower Primary School.
Vehicles coming from Upper Shillong in the morning face traffic jams from early morning and sometimes continue until noon, or even until evening. There is a traffic jam only during school and work hours and during the holidays there is a heavy traffic jam every day.
The Electricity Department is doing its utmost to ensure that there will be no power outages in the evening as this is the time when the electricity supply is low from other companies selling electricity. buy electricity for the supply of the people"
“As I said, whether we are MLAs, MPs or MDCs, we cannot be lawbreakers.
“We urge the public to attend the meeting because if the insurgents do not release these two persons we will be ready to take tough decisions,” said Nongrem.
The semifinal will be played today at the Assam Rifles Stadium in Laitkor.
He said that in the past, the Municipal had paid T.5 sq ft per month.
Here we must escape destruction and receive salvation from God, we must throw away all false teachings, the laws of man cannot be confused with the laws of God.
Kong Kmoiñ, however, encouraged the young runners to work hard by saying that no hard work can prevent them from reaching the goal and urged them to continue to take part in the competition. I'm still playing chess in the middle of my old age.
Kong Kmoiñ, however, encouraged the young runners to work hard by saying that no hard work can prevent them from reaching the goal and urged them to continue to take part in the competition. I'm still playing chess in the middle of my old age.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, today announced that the District Level Grievance Committee has been set up. SDO (Civil) Mawshynrut Sub-Division, District Transport Officer, Divisional Mining Officer and leaders of civil society as members of this committee.
The independent candidates who have contested the election to the Legislative Assembly are Prof Lakhon Kma and Bah Peter Shallam.
Shillong, Naitung 6: A sub inspector of police in the state has committed suicide by hanging himself at his quarters at the police reserve on Monday morning.
Compared to other cells involved in the light absorption in the eyes, melanopsin cells are more stable while the light is on, or even after a few seconds of light exposure.
Residents of Chymphlong and Sunapur (Sunapyrdi) villages said that last month the blue color of the Lukha River was very high and this month it has decreased slightly.
He also explained to the meeting about 'CM Elevate' and 'YESS Meghalaya' and urged the youth to take advantage of these programmes.
Shillong: "The shap is not very important these days," said Bah Loniak Marbaniang, who was the candidate of the National League for Democracy (NLD) in you wait.
He said that the party also feels that those involved in spreading false news should be punished.
At this time, the churches, in any church, have schools or classes every Lord's Day to teach about the knowledge of the Word of God, the tipbriew tipblei, which goes hand in hand with morality. honor the children.
The meeting was held today in collaboration with the Meghalaya Archery Team Welfare Association (MATWA) and the Khasi Hills Bookie Welfare Association.
I was forced to stay at home for three years and during these three years I spent my time playing and playing with my children, sometimes to avoid being beaten by my mother and brother. I used to spend time with my father in the fields, but when this happened, they didn't dare to shoot or beat me because I spent my time properly or I helped my father in the fields all day long.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 25: The FKJGP Rimuliang Circle has recently sent a letter to the DC Nongstoiñ, to express its strong opposition to the Assam Government's plan to set up a new police station in Langpih Nongmynsaw Syiemship. which is one of the areas still under boundary settlement negotiations.
I stop the car and speak.
CONSTITUTION OF THE SENG HITOTo provide explanation and discussion on the unique history of the nation especially in relation to the Khaddar rule in which the nation has signed the Treaty of Association with India or the Instrument of Accession and other related parts.
Now the kingdom of Egypt has disappeared because they have lived too long.
POHSNGAP CHAPTER (INC) – 1784.
He said why these political parties in Meghalaya have joined hands with the BJP where the BJP has violently attacked Christians and churches in Assam, Chattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh and other states. State within India.
P Basudev Patowari 6.
The two-day festival will be attended by not only the people of Hynniewtrep but also foreigners who want to see and learn about the culture of the Khasi. .
However, it took only five minutes for Lajong to respond through a penalty which was not scored by the captain of the team, Hardy Cliff Nongbri.
Andrew Charles Gare, the Indian National Congress candidate for the 34-Mawshynrut (ST) constituency, has been arrested in connection with the POCSO case under Section 9 (k) The case is still in the hands of the Special Judge (POCSO) of West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin.
The 124th Anniversary of the Seng Kut Snem was celebrated by the Khasi Khara children from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Different branches of the Seng Khasi.
China has increasingly exerted its power in many parts of the world, including the Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea, the South China Sea, Hong Kong and all around.
We have shown our dedication by becoming the first hospital in Meghalaya to receive full recognition from NABH in November 2022 and this another recognition for the Emergency Department is another achievement for us.
Actress Regina Lamo will work with filmmaker Kenny Lyngdoh.
The opening ceremony of the training will start from Heh Stadium, Mawlai and from there the FSP will continue to travel around the state.
The farmers called these insects 'Niangsaiddho', and according to the farmers, these insects, which cannot be counted, have spread everywhere. There is no Sla Khniang and the worst is for those farmland in Shiliang of Wah Khri.
The program was conducted by Bah M.Syrti, MPA Shillong. The General Secretary, Treasurer, MPA members and others were also present.
She said that the VC has made it clear that there are no Principals of Colleges to address the University to express the lack of readiness in the implementation of the NEP-2
It is best to separate the potatoes according to their size.
The meeting also elected members from various constituencies including Bhawan Chyrmang and Brington Shylla from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, Kolmen Pohshna and Herman Khonglah from 7-Mowkaiaw Constituency. Amlarem Constituency and Ripil Rabon and Justine Phawa from Raliang Constituency.
Recalling the attack on Parliament, the Prime Minister said that it was not an attack on the building but on the Mother of Democracy.
Most of these satellites belong to the Jilin-1 Series, which is China's first satellite system.
MM ThaiangWithout talking about the dress, the beauty, the clothes of the family which is the Nongda-Nongkdup of the rain and the victory of mankind, in this article, I will leave first and turn to the Jainspong which It is part of the dress that is bright and beautiful, which is great for the elderly man, but when we try to gather together and take its original meaning, it also refers to the POWER AND AUTHORITY of the wearer. her.
Therefore, the village is concerned in this regard and requests the authorities to repair these damaged water tanks as soon as possible so that they can get drinking water in the village, said the statement. Legal Volunteers of Mawphu Village.
Shillong, March 18: The Deputy Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Political Department, today said that there will be a shop blockade by the GSU in Tura on March 19, 2016 from 5 pm to 5 pm. Village Rishipara.
On the other hand, the MAWU leaders said that they have already sent a letter to meet with James PK Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on the same day. If the Minister does not agree to meet with these ASHA workers, they have unanimously decided to go to the Secretariat and immediately stand in front of the office of the state government. if they don’t get their claim.
This Act deals with issues relating to children in conflict with the law and children in need of care and protection by providing for their care and needs, and also to take measures. who will bring children closer together.
This musical form is a showcase of the skills and techniques of the single dancers in the middle of the stage along with the music, which is appropriate to the work they do.
Police have conducted an investigation into the incident and it is suspected that the driver was under the influence of alcohol. affair.
“I have received information that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam.
He urged the people of Garo Hills to continue to support the NPP under the leadership of his son (Purno) in order to implement the aspirations of the party founder.
It is not known who their friends were.
On the other hand, the party urges the Village Leaders, Raid, Elaka Leaders and Doloi to work together on this issue and to be vigilant to think about the heritage of the people.
Bhopal, July 27: Education Minister Smriti Irani on Tuesday said that when she was a child, she was bullied because she was a daughter. .
In the State there are rules of procedure while in the District Councils there are their own.
On the 15th June, 2015, the deadline for receipt of applications was issued again that the deadline for submission of applications has been extended to the 10th June, 2015 and the age limit has been announced. The age limit for ST/Sc will be up to 40 years until 1st July,
As the Seng, we strongly condemn the silence of the Government and the lack of action on this report.
Why do I say that it is the poor who face the most problems?
If you want, I'll give it to Peter.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday urged the civil society to stop the protests and promised to appoint a clean investigation team into the murder of Balsan Ma. While he is in judicial custody, the Prime Minister said that he is still waiting for the report of the investigation into the death of the youth.
The protests against the CAA 2019 have also postponed the India-Japan Summit 2019 scheduled for 16th November
That the party should say against it, while in the background, is something that I personally don't feel is grounded.
Amarjeet Sharma scored 78 runs and Nabam Kama scored 35 runs for Arunachal Pradesh.
Noyal Baby, AEVP & Branch Head of Federal Bank, Shillong handed over the donation to SIAS Mission Director Ram Kumar.
However, it is the duty of the village authority to work together so that the benefits will be widely shared not only by those who support and eliminate those who oppose.
A total of 311 persons with disabilities have been admitted to the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat today.
Lambokstar said that the KSU gives its right hand and left hand to support this leader and rely on this group to carry out this task, so that this protest will be successful. don't be troubled.
“The VPP has only brought the glory of the nation for a few months, nobody knew about the Khasi in the past, the national parties used to say that the national parties only in Khanapara have brought the glory of the nation. However, the VPP has been recognized in South India and the whole of India.
We want something that brings benefits “right now".
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : The Special Court has ordered the remand of a police officer who has been suspended from his post until 25 November 2022.
At 11:00 pm, police received a tip from the residents of Shallang Sohbar village that a man had been electrocuted. A young boy from the village and the police immediately rushed to the scene to investigate.
Shillong: With the fourth victory of the Shillong Cricket Association, the team has now qualified for the final of the Meghalaya U-14 Inter District Tournament 2021 against North Garo Hills.
In these days, this market has also appeared in the coal and other types of stone smuggled into Bangladesh.
From the physical appearance of the Smart City, it is difficult to recover and there is no need to think about the Smart City.
“Some people ask why the CM of Meghalaya doesn't speak, but the reason is because the CM of Meghalaya has already spoken long before others have spoken and we will continue to speak”.
“The reason why I got into Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is because I have a desire since childhood to watch kara movies as a movie. Scott Adkins and Bruce Lee”, said the Donbestar youth.
It is worth mentioning here that Kynshi Mawria Village, Lawkariang, is a newly established village in 2020, which is the birthplace of Kynshi Mawria and Mawlangren.
Nicky has been working in Bangalore for six months.
It was heard that the man was crying and screaming at the shooting, “Oh God.
Rajnath said he has a close relationship with PA Sangma, saying he has many friends, even on their own political side.
“LOVE YOUR NATION AS YOURSELF”.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that the transport department should investigate the cause of the flood and punish those involved from the contractors to the engineers. according to the rules of the law.
Benjamin Warlarpih, Senior Consultant, State Outreach Coordinator, Bansara Eye Care, said that the eyes are precious to see the things around us and therefore they need to be cared for.
It was around 2:30 pm that Donald said the neighbors informed him that his car had broken down and he said it was also when the electricity was just starting to be turned off.
As an expert, he explained many of the problems and reasons faced by rural students.
Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi, said that the reason why the HNYF has donated some household items to the Longkmie is because they feel sorry for the Longkmie. , because she lost all her possessions after her house was destroyed by the Fire.
The Commission has also directed the DGP of the State to submit the Action Taken Report (ATR) and a detailed report within 10 months from the date of receipt of the order.
The Inter School Athletic Meet, organized by the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District, started on Tuesday at the SAI, SAG Athletic Ground, located at the North Eastern Hills University. .
*Dr Harsh Vardhan (Union Health Minister)*Thawar Chand Gehlot (Union Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment)*Ramesh Pokhriyal (Union Education Minister)*Sadananda Gowda (Union Chemicals and Fertilizers Minister)*Santosh Gangwar (Union Labor Minister and Employment) *Debasree Chaudhuri (MoS Women and Child Development)*Rattan Lal Kataria (MoS Jal Shakti and Social Justice & Empowerment)*Sanjay Dhotre (MoS State for Education)*Pratap Chandra Sarangi (MoS Animal Husbandry)*Raosaheb Patil (MoS Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution)*Ashwini Chaubey (MoS Health).
In the meeting, it was understood that the meeting will take a decision to hold a strike on the 4th or 5th or 6th July 2016 which may also be the first strike of the new year.
The cost of this will be T.1,570 crore.
When the time comes, these byrni are sent to India where they are collected by donors who receive a salary of T.500 per byrni.
On Tuesday, a group of Christian church leaders met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to express their opposition to the issuance of licenses by the government for the three vacancies to be opened in Ribbon.
This does not mean to keep the memory only in papers but in this digital world it can be kept through videos, songs so that the younger generation will enjoy and not forget their heritage.
In this regard, the Central Government has decided to give special space in textbooks to the heroes who fought against the British Government from the North East.
On this occasion, the students of Alpha School also displayed a science exhibition by explaining about science, which encouraged the students to learn more. keep an eye on scientific knowledge.
He said that this initiative has not only brought happiness, but has strengthened the relationship between Tripura and Bangladesh.
In fact, the name “Jaiñtia” has nothing to do with Pnar. Jaintia is the Dkhar kingdom of Syiem Sutnga who was the son of a shipiah who ruled Bangladesh and Pnar is a Khasi Khara.
They drank wine, and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone.
Matcha also contains L-Theanine, an amino acid that can boost or strengthen the brain.
“We are using technology to curb violations of the election laws,” he said, adding that the App will be very useful for the people to monitor those who violate the election laws.
“I have received requests from the NPP office bearers of Shnat Sawsymper and Shnat Dangar to upgrade these health centers so that they can provide better health care to the people.
Therefore, we must elect an intelligent candidate who has gained recognition and trust from the society and especially from the constituency in which he is contesting.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 02 : To look after the needs of the people and also to pay tribute to his father as one of the elders who has contributed for the welfare of Shnong Saiden in Ri earthquake District.
On 14th November, Congress Chief from Delhi, V. Narayanasamy, who is in charge of Meghalaya, said that the BJP-led central government has been biased in that it has not done anything. Therefore, the government has decided to increase the number of development works in the Congress ruled states especially in Meghalaya and the North Eastern States.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of the Thabah Sengkmie, Bah NR Thabah, said that there will be many programs besides the recruitment of new members in various parts of the Thabah Kur.
And we demand that our government and all the MLAs as they have agreed in the Assembly to stand firm on the same basis.
The village authorities only take advantage and benefit from the schemes without any regard for the life or welfare of the people.
If they do this to those in Them Metor, we too will synrop,” she said.
The reason for these protests against the District Council is because of reports spread through the media that there is a dispute within the ruling party in KHADC under the banner of the ARPA. The UDP has demanded that the CEM of KHADC, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, should resign.
Donbok Dkhar, President of the party, said that the introduction of the coffins is because the public administration in the state is dead and that the government cannot control the state within the borders until Twenty-five people lost their lives.
Shillong: Out of the 11 members of the family of the first Covid-19 patient, 11 members of the family have been tested again, including those who are positive or positive; However, it was found that they are no longer sick or negative.
On the part of the Kur, we express our gratitude to her for being a hardworking and caring officer who has the spirit to promote the customs and traditions of the Kur. the work that was done in him.
So far, only the post mortem has been sent to the family of Kong Kharkongor.
If we listen to the songs of many who say that it's stupid or that it doesn't make sense to rock, I'll reassure them and tell them that you've just listened to it but when you've appreciated the words in it, The songs which I have sung are very beautiful, and have great value.
The Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday said that the state is hoping to get light so far, despite the problems in the power line, although the state relies on projects. hydropower.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar, Jowai has urged the residents not to kill or injure the shrieh which have appeared inside the village where many of them have been photographed and photographed.
He said that it is on these grounds that the government is looking forward to the colleges which are progressing and following the rules to receive these supports from the state government.
Dr. Yogendra said, “There are many reasons why democracy can be improved in the country including technology, explanation of laws, drafting of laws, involving the people in the drafting of laws. decisions, transparent accountability, promotion of union participation and empowerment of small minorities and dissemination of education'.
The HSPDP leaders also praised Bah Ardent for the issues he has taken up such as the issue of the Rangbah Shnongs and the issue of MUDA's boundary crossing. to the Pud question.
This is a feeling that we need to ask when we read the history of time because this is a question to answer for the happiness of our society as a nation and the people of the state.
Earlier, the Minister said that the objective of the Khalai Act introduced in 2021 is to promote tourism, revenue and employment in the state.
All countries drive to the left but the American drives to the right.
The delegation was led by Wellessly Lyngkhoi, Secretary KSU WKH and Forward Nongrem, Secretary KSU SWKH. Police under the leadership of Addl.SP of SWKH, Bashan J. Laloo have already patrolled the area where foreigners are present to prevent any incident.
“This award not only makes Meghalaya proud but also shows the dedication and hard work of the youth of the region.
The fish and the animals, the rivers and the rivers were destroyed with blood throughout the land of Egypt.
We will continue to support and encourage more and more for each generation of our children for your work in PRAHPynieng to all constituencies we are ready to support.
Pelcy, who is from Tlongpleng, had contested from Mawshynrut constituency in 2013 after being rejected by the Congress party but this time she has decided to contest from Ranikor constituency from the BJP. Shillong. June 26: In the United States, those who earn less than T.15 lakh per annum are the poorest and below the Below Poverty Line (BPL) compared to India, said Savio Iawphniaw, a candidate for India. Mawshynrut constituency and said that those who earn less than T.15 lakh per annum the government provides for their needs from health insurance and other needs allocated for them.
He said the program was launched by the state government in view of the problems faced by the farmers due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
The Secretary of the Local Taxi Welfare Association Khyndailad Unit, Bah Ban Kharumnuid, explained how the police arrested their President, Bah Aijingsuk Marbaniang, on Tuesday. on Saturday).
I think that's enough on my part,” said the young pastor.
The National Union of Sumo Drivers (NSODA) in Ri Bhoi District has three units, Mawhati, Umsning and Nongpoh. Food items such as Khaw, Phan and Dai were distributed to the sumo drivers so that they could eat during the curfew and the sumo drivers could not leave. the road is not going to earn.
He said that there are parents who have educated children, but they don't encourage them to farm.
In the first leg, Wellistar Nongbri (42min) scored the first goal for Laitlulong SC at 5 pm. Imanbha Marbaniang scored the first goal for S&CC in the 45th and 47th minutes.
Now the Meghalaya government should pass only laws to strengthen the indigenous land owners (because the laws of Meghalaya are different from those in the north) and should not allow the sale of land. and at the same time, it should also enact laws against the infiltration of foreigners and if these are successful, then we have completed 50 percent of the fight to curb the mynder.
The Waheh Shnong Myntriang, Ma Monjurlang Lamurong, said that they have already made it clear and sent a letter to the DC to order the JMB to leave and clean up the garbage. The DC has promised to talk to the JMB on this matter since the NGT's 30 feet long coal mining ban.
In School Drama Competitions, Teachers should encourage children to use Standardized Khasi and not Dialects.
As the indigenous people of North East India we have been under the Assam Government for only about 20 years and it is only because the Assam Government intends to introduce the Assamese language in all the offices and workplaces of the Government. That the people of Hynniew Trep will stand together to get their own separate state is like saying, “Na ka Nar ha u Dek”.
The GER in higher secondary education has increased from 53.8% in 2021-21 to 57.6% in
When the reporter tried to find out more about the reason for the absence of work, it was found that the truth is that the same officer had to look after the and office space.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested three drug traffickers and seized 161 kilos of drugs from them.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Meghalaya Icon IV Championship will be held on the 6th of this month at Laban Sport Club Shillong from 12 noon.
We leave it to the intellectuals and patriots of the Khasi Hills to improve this area.
He urged the fishermen to fight to protect the environment especially in relation to the wells and streams so that they can protect the underwater creatures.
He said that as the leader of the constituency, he has promised to work hard for the benefit of the people of Nongpoh Constituency.
Other speakers at the meeting urged all the youth of War Jaintia to walk in a clean path and to respect the elders so that they can improve in all aspects.
Dhankhar said this at a public meeting held at Nirvana on Tuesday, where he said that if the BJP comes to power, he will make arrangements to get married. The men, who are in the state, have been arrested and the young women from Bihar have been arrested.
Along with other crops, sohñiamtra in this village is harvestable and can still be harvested until the last months of October and early June each year.
Because of your knowledge, compared to others, it is still in the fire and you cannot be far from the three Mawbyrsiew of your mother and father.
The 1st Maitshaphrang Excellence Award will be announced later.
He said he was disappointed that the minister's complaint that he does not have the money to pay their salaries has taken the decision to dismiss them from July this year.
The death toll in Maharashtra was 13, followed by seven in Gujarat, six in Madhya Pradesh, four in Delhi and Punjab, three in Karnataka, Telangana and West Bengal and two each in Jammu and Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh and Kerala.
He urged the government to turn to the people of the area and repair the road, as it is not long and only 10 kilometers long. problem at all.
Kiki Garod said the words “Ym don shara” in the film are used by her children to inform her mother that she is no longer sleeping on the street in the film 'Johkhe.com' I'm going to go to the tyngshop of Jowai.
The party has encouraged all by saying 'there is no victory without failure', at the same time it has encouraged those who have not done well this time, but to continue to work hard. in the years to come to reap the fruits of victory.
Three other players, Ditto Anirudh Thapa, Mohammed Yasir and Brandon Fernandes, when they play for clubs in the ISL, play from other positions, while when they play for India they play from another place.
After the incident of the fire at Mission Compound, Mawkhar on Sunday morning, 21st June 2023, many churches have been shocked and saddened by the incident. that it is the oldest school in the state.
MEPA supports the demand of the Editors Guild of India.
Therefore, the party urges the Meghalaya government through the Election Commission (EC) to take immediate action and punish those who have voter ID cards in the two states. He also urged the Meghalaya government not to just watch and tolerate the actions of the Assam government on the border.
The festival will start on the 31st of July with competitions in jngi, kinglieng, shad, music and others.
“My understanding is that if we don't teach them the message of peace, others will teach and lead in the wrong direction,” Aier said.
The award ceremony was attended by Minister of Culture, Tourism and DoNER G. Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Law and Justice (Independent Charge) and Parliamentary Affairs and Culture Arjun Ram Meghwal. , Secretary to the Ministry of Culture Govind Mohan, Chairman of the Sangeet Natak Academy Dr. Sandhya Purecha and others.
However, if you travel from Shillong, Ummulong, Wahiajer, Nartiang, Nongjngi, Iingkar, Takhniang to Thadbamon, Samatan, Shiliang, Thangrain, Borato and Mukroh, it is about 120 km.
He said that the experts are people who know the constitution, the law, the rules, and others but instead of the experts, they come to explain to the auto drivers, the market vendors. Your Reservation Policy is not applicable.
The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AJMDMWU) Jowai on Friday staged a protest against the PM Poshan or Mid Day Meal for the children of government schools. They have staged a protest in front of the office of the District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai to demand that the government should pay the salary or honorarium they have not received. it's been six months now.
He said that those who were formerly in the Congress party after winning from the Congress, did not accept the victory and turned away from the party.
Mawsynram has received the highest rainfall of 211.6 mm, Sohra 206.2 mm, Sohra RKM 208 mm, Khliehriat 200 mm, Mawkyrwat 118 mm, Mawphlang 76 mm. Baghmara 17, Jowai 160, Shillong 45, Ragara
On this day, along with other groups, the Hima Nongkhlaw also celebrates this day in Mairang and Nongkhlaw so that the children of thousands can participate.
“The relocation of us from time to time to sell clothes has really affected our income because we haven't been able to sell clothes for more than a month,” they said.
The owner of the house said that the cause of the fire was because they forgot to turn off the Mombati, because at such a time it was still the time of power outage and those who were still needed to work, so they had to start with Mombati.
This was revealed by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) in its report for the year
When the bus arrived at ICP Petrapole, police stopped it and conducted a thorough search.
At the same time, he said that he does not have any personal reason against the Chairperson but he is in a position to take a decision.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 28: A man named Bah K.Paliar, who tried to take electricity from his house, from the MeECL office in Nongstoiñ, has been forced to leave. He was also refused to provide electricity from the office just because he did not have an Adhar, even though he had and provided all the necessary documents.
The parties in the MDA coalition government will not get a single constituency in Garo Hills in the upcoming elections.
The girl reportedly came to the scene with her mother and father.
This year the crematorium has been completed and measured to 6,635m.
“Since the issuance of this notification by the Hima Mylliem, all the residents especially foreigners have been directed that if they need any documents or syrnot, they should go to the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah,” he said. The CEM said that the documents issued by the Society to foreigners to do business since 2007-08 have been issued NOCs since 2007-0 Since 2019, the RR Colony has been placed under the DS Rynjah.
She added that the meeting with the Minister of the department was not successful, but he promised the employees of 108 that they will not face such problems again.
Subramaniam Swamy, BJP leader and Rajya Sabha MP, has admitted that it is through the idol of Lakshmi that the Indian currency market can improve. the image of goddess Lakshmi on Indian currency notes.
Until now, we have spoken against the Government and not against the political parties.
The youth, who account for 34 per cent of the country's population, play an important role in contributing to the country's economic development.
The artificial turf field will be built at Wapung Shnong, said Bah Kyrmen Shylla while opening the football coaching camp of the Kynsai Football Program organized by the Kyrmen Foundation in collaboration with Rangdajied United. Football Club in Khliehriat on Saturday.
He handed over the money to the Waheh Shnong Edystone Shylla on Saturday at the opening ceremony of the office of the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang, Jowai.
He added that the Meghalaya government intends to take action for the trade and to increase income and connectivity.
On the other hand, the Vice-Chancellor said that there are colleges which have come forward to implement the NEP.
On the 9th of this month, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh announced the opening of new parishes including Mawiong, Mawtawar, Umpling, Nongrah and Madanrting.
The Supreme Court today strongly criticized the Indian government for depriving 3 crore people of ration just because they do not have Aadhar Card.
The state government has started monitoring the pending projects under the Urban Affairs Department where they have completed the composting plants in Tura and Nongpoh and the ISBT in Tura.
Modak also announced that since the past few years, Yoga has become one of the daily parts of education where children can exercise for about 10 minutes every day. day before classes.
“The church is conducting an investigation into these four persons and an investigation has been appointed and once the investigation is completed, the church will take a decision,” said Oommen.
The Man of the Match was awarded to Bantyngshaiñ Nongsteng of Ïewrynghep Secondary School.
To bring closer to the people of the district and the government, to improve the welfare and benefits of the people of the district, from income, agriculture, customs and traditions livelihood, income, trade, education and employment opportunities for the youth in the district.
I have signed the award in the form of a lion who was elected by Babu HL Nongsiang as MLA of Mawthengkut Constituency.
“Therefore, the Union in the coming days will send a letter to ensure that the survey should find out who has stayed for a long time and who has recently moved in,” he said.
This hearing is open to anyone who wishes to submit and receive comments and the Committee will inform the public.
Khliehriat, Lber 31 : The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has appealed to the people not to divide the jaibynriew in various fields just for the sake of strengthening their own principles. .
On this day, 145 residents including women, men and children received free eye treatment. The Medical Camp started from 9 pm until 10 pm. evening.
He urged the party workers to work hard to ensure that both the candidates Agatha Sangma from Tura and Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong will win the election.
Land ports to strengthen trade between India and Bangladesh U Vincent Pala, has worked hard in this regard and has visited Bangladesh three or four times, but he does not want to show to the worlds.
In Odisha, the ruling Biju Janata Dal (BJD) won 20 out of 21 MP seats in the state.
We don't want these accusations against other people to come out to destroy the unity of the Hynniew Trep people.
There are currently 15 active cases and the district with the highest number of cases is East Khasi Hills with 4 cases.
Justice D Murugesan, Member of the NHRC, has sent a letter to the Chairperson of Food and Safety in the past few years. The Secretary, Union Ministry of Food Processing Industries and the Secretaries in charge of Food and Agriculture of all the States of India shall submit a report within six months on the duties of the The NHRC has conducted a survey in their states on the food consumption.
Therefore, Bah S Sohtun said that this scheme is a blessing to the poor women to receive this tyndong shet from the government and especially to spread the news to others to know about it. the existence of the government scheme, he added.
The UDP Nongkrem Circle said that the State Government has not accepted the construction of the Resort Center at Jingkieng Kalong which has been allocated T.10,00,000.00 by the KHADC. Nongkrem Constituency should receive Rs 10 crore from the other five MDC Constituencies who have just elected their MDCs in the last elections.
The names of those wise men were Gasper, Mekhoir, and Balthasar.
Replying to this, Dr Pooja Pandey said that the district authorities have already sent the documents to the NHAI management, as authorization to start the project. However, they could not know the reason for the delay of the NHAI in starting the work on the Umsning Bye-Pass.
“This is only to avoid the most important issue on the Roster System,” said Bah Basaïawmoit while talking to media after the Lamphang adjourned the House at 12 noon. morning.
“Speaking in general within the education department, from Adhoc, SSA, Deficit and other teachers have been severely discriminated against by the government and how can we expect them to provide adequate education to the children. “It's not like we're going to be able to leave school with our children and come out to demand our rights from the government,” said Bah Nongrum. .
The final will be played on the 9th of January.
This comes after many of the Meitei in Mizoram were repatriated to Manipur.
The apology was made by Lawyer S. Sengupta leading NHAI while hearing the PIL No.11 of 2022 filed by Kynjaimon Amse against NHAI and others on 8th June
Shillong: An elder of the Presbyterian Church in Khlieh Mawlieh has died while his son was injured when an ambulance overturned at Sadew village this morning at about 2 pm. .
He said that they have to look into this and see if there are other projects that they can implement and if there are so that it will not be a loss to the state in terms of money because of money. has arrived for some railway related works.
We have also received a new Block Office of 3 acres and there are many developments to come in the constituency,” said Banteidor.
On the other hand, Treiborlang urged the present government to introduce laws for the youth such as the State Job Policy and the State Youth Policy to make it easier for the youth to get jobs and benefit from the job market. you are the jam that you are.
The High Court, in November 2022, after receiving the Public Interest Litigation, ordered the government to close down these illegal factories and arrest those who involved.
Shillong: The Voluntary Association for Social Upliftment (VASU) today took 41 patients who suffered from pneumonia for treatment at Gauhati Medical College and Hospital, Guwahati.
Shillong, November 18: “The time is not far away when India will host a World Cup and every Indian will support his team,” said the Prime Minister of India. India while speaking at the inauguration ceremony of various projects in Shillong on Sunday.
Chairman of DARE Dr S Ayyeppan who is also DG of IACR on 28th November, 2015, said that the project should be expedited and the state government has allocated the land at Kyrdemkulai. The Joint Secretary, Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya and Dr SN Puri, Vice Chancellor, Imphal Agriculture University, on 14th November,
It is worth mentioning that the road from Rilbong Point to Upper Shillong has been experiencing heavy traffic jam especially in the morning and evening. the road which has been abandoned by the companies which have been able to improve this road.
He said that those parties which decide to give tickets to those people who have bad marks, should also explain to the public.
Shekhar Nath, a resident of Keating Road, said there was a loud noise at about 1 pm and he went outside to see what had happened.
Suddenly, a clash broke out between the police and the residents of the Raid who were inside the grounds, and in talks with the police, the residents of Tynring were allowed to enter the grounds of the KHADC, with the order that they should not enter the grounds. to cause trouble or to shout, but they are allowed only to sit and stay as they have asked permission from the police in the area.
Speeches were also delivered by Wanseng Jyrwa, Headmaster of the school, Bynroplang Dohtdong, Chairman of the Managing Committee, Danny Mukhim, Homer Kharkongor, Working President of the UDP, Rangbah Shnong. by R. Matthews.
Arunachal won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 116/1
Shillong: "It is now necessary to be vigilant and shy to enter Jaïaw Shyiap Lumpyllon village and especially the criminals have to think a lot," said Bah Ransom Sutnga, Rangbah Mawkhar Village, Shillong, before opening the CCTV camera. camera of the Lumpyllon Village Council on Saturday.
Seven MDCs including HDR Lyngdoh (Congress) who is also the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Metbah Lyngdoh (UDP), HB Nongsiej have resigned for fear of being nominated. (UDP), Ardent Miller (HSPDP), KP Pangniang, Sanbor Shullai (NCP) all seven members of KHADC and Stephason Mukhim (Independent) of JHADC. Shillong, November 21: Prof Donkupar War has resigned from the Congress party after resigning from the party's activities against the wishes of its office bearers and voters.
There has been a strong sense of the Khasi language; what you write you read.
It helps fight against stomach problems because it contains sorbitol, which helps with digestion.
She has a height of 158 cms.
Pope Francis has called for an immediate end to the war in Ukraine.
:The wrestling match did not fail to impress the spectators at the Don Bosco Junior College Indoor Arena.
Explaining the worst affected areas, RM Kurbah said that the areas most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic are within the Umiam Police Station which has been temporarily closed. The other is the Cantonment Area and the Army Headquarters at Umroi.
With his ability to assume the post of Director of Finance, Baweja will further implement the REC's financial management objectives and ensure the continuity of the REC. company to be able to serve better.
Furthermore, these members of the complainant party went ahead to hold the Dorbar Hima.
“The Iewduh is the market of the Khasi people, we give time to the non-Khasis to leave because this is the Secretariat of the farmers,” said Bah HS Shylla.
On the other hand, the Syiem expressed his deep sorrow over the spread of garbage and said that the Hima itself has been facing problems in this regard until now.
I haven't met him face to face but I've heard about him from his news and works. Good luck bah Shylla and pray for us from abroad that our Khasi country will be in peace and harmony. .
“The most important thing now is that the police department after lodging the ejahar should have issued an order to arrest those involved in the shooting death of the people in Mukroh. “The government's request for a CBI investigation shows that the Chief Minister is afraid to cooperate with the Assam government because the Chief Minister of Assam is the one who appointed the Chief Minister to hold this post,” he said. added.
The 25th Youth Conference was organized by the Lei Synshar Cultural Society which started on the 29th and will end on the 30th November.
And God was wroth with the children of Israel.
The UDP has already nominated Jemino Mawthoh as the MDA candidate while the HSPDP has nominated Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as its candidate.
However, the 10 years of experience as an MDC and MLA have spoken more loudly”.
They managed to establish their own kingdom in the land of Canaan, around 1000 BC. That kingdom was divided into two parts in 922 BC. the 10 tribes, collectively called “Israel”; and the northern kingdom included the 2 tribes, collectively called “Judah”.
However, on the evening of Tuesday, she became ill with fever and chills.
Speaking to Rupang, the leader of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that the association has sent a letter to the Custom Office to inform the Custom Office. “But if they don't have the will, they don't inform us,” he said.
For the first time I heard that the song “ri khasi” has seven verses and there are also verses that blaspheme the gods of the ancestors.
The meeting was led by Bah O. Matlai, Chairman of JAC and Bah WD Marsing, Secretary of JAC, who is also Joint Secretary of DCC. MPCC Secretary, MPCC Secretary, former MDC Mawhati Constituency and Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
Israeli Ambassador to India, Naor Gilon, has congratulated Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi for India's support to Israel at this difficult time and that Israel has in the midst of the fighting against the Palestinian Hamas militants.
The warning was sent to the email of the Air Traffic Services and warned against flights leaving Manila and going to Davao, Bicol and other places where they are frequently visited. good in tourism such as parts of Palawan and Cebu.
I believe that in the MDC election 2019, the party candidates will buy at a reasonable price so that the demand for Garoland will be met soon.
The GSU leaders have vowed to dissolve the Election Department for failing to meet the requirements during the elections, and for failing to hold the elections has been handed over to the leaders from different zones. They will not be appointed as the temporary leaders of the GSU until the elections.
“There is not much disturbance in the peace and order these days as we have experienced in the past years, where there have been killings and riots,” said Bah Lapang.
On the other hand, the candidate said that he has now completed about half of the villages in the 6-Khliehriat Constituency in his journey to preach and raise awareness among the people on the issue of khadar rule. Clean Politics is also called Clean Politics.
Presenting the budget, Ma Thombor Shiwat said, “2020 is the year when the whole world is facing difficulties following the outbreak of COVID-1
Modi also accused the Opposition parties of misleading India when they go abroad, but said the people should not be misled in such matters.
On this complaint, the police have arrested the two suspects and the investigation is ongoing.
The Chief Electoral Officer of the Election Commission, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that the preparations for the election have been completed.
On this occasion, Bah Lapang said that the party urges the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima that such incidents should not happen again in the future to be ruled by other ethnic groups especially during these times of The Syiem of Nongkhlaw has allowed foreigners to postpone the market day just because of the Muslim religion. on Tuesday.
He said that the fire was burning in the forest and with the intervention of the residents, the fire was extinguished in some parts to avoid spreading to other parts. still lasting until the afternoon of the 6th.
No one can live or die without reasons.
Mawkyrwat, July 16: The Deputy Commissioner of Mawkyrwat District Disaster Management Authority (DDA) has issued a public notice that according to the information received from the Indian Meteorological Department, due to heavy rainfall in these areas, The District Incident Response System has been implemented immediately.
Pangñiang said that although the founder of the party is no longer alive, the issues he left behind are strong foundations that the party cannot forget and ignore.
All those who attended the training participated well and expressed their happiness to receive such training especially in the Mawkdok area which is a popular tourist destination.
“Many measures have been taken to bring peace to the people in the past few days, but the Congress continues to show hypocrisy and misleading,” said the BJP MPs. “We call on the Congress party not to do politics on this issue, which is very important,” said the MPs.
God has not yet withheld the Holy Spirit, so until now, some prophesy, some receive revelation, some interpret visions, according to the gift of the Holy Spirit.
The visit to the DC came after the MYM inspected the department and found that in these two offices in Mawshynrut, there are no doctors and no assistants or employees in these offices.
" (A quote from a book by Donbok T.Laloo) Example: at the table there are chairs that discuss how to rule and what to rule.
However, while the Governor has not yet signed the VAB to empower the Rangbah Shnongs, the state government has promulgated the Ordinance 2015, along with many committees including the committee of Bah DD Lapang.
The multi-day tournament will include top teams like Karnataka which will give the children of the state the advantage of experiencing such a tournament.
She appealed to all those who have Aadhaar Card and MHIS to come forward and link their Aadhaar to MHIS (Smart Card) so that they do not lose the benefits of the scheme.
Because the words that have been used have very bright colors that cannot hurt anyone.
Shillong, July 08: The National People's Party (NPP) has alleged that the National People's Party (NPP) has rejected the BJP as the party. The Opposition in Garo Hills.
He said the Government stands firm for the welfare of the Policemen and their families.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya Unit on Tuesday met with the Principal of St. Anthony's College regarding the college's statement that students must have Aadhaar Card otherwise they cannot faithful to write the examination.
The story of the film will be directed by William Goldberg who has also directed and directed the stories of several films and will also take over as the director of Unstoppable.
“We are reviewing the requirements after receiving advice from the previous one to hand over this work to companies.
She said that the abuse of children happens through social media and they don't know what but they are misled.
"Wei, when you are ready, you are ready," she said. Maheh was surprised that his daughter had obeyed him.
He said that in the history of the state, there has never been a single Minister or Government who has dared to say that the land in Block I and Block II is no longer ours. now you don't have to worry.
He distributed the prizes to the winners in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailamiki Shylla, Dr Defender Pariat, brother of Finely and others.
If this happens, how can the State prevent them from becoming Indian citizens under this Act?
Speaking on the occasion, Bah SA Kurbah, Chairman of the Skhem Rympai Tynrai (SRT), said that 40 percent of the population has divorced due to alcohol abuse, while 45 percent have divorced due to alcohol abuse. he fled from his wife because of the wickedness.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of school teachers and school children.
However, in the pursuit of these things, mankind does other kinds of work that are outside the scope of his ability.
Six people were killed in the blast and several others were injured in the blast.
Therefore, I hope that the villages will understand and take action on this issue, because if they don't get NOC or land they don't get the opportunity to work they will lose their jobs, then the youth of West Khasi Hills will be free.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that although the UDP is in the MDA government, there is no agreement with the NPP which is leading the government for the elections.
“Until now, they have not released the results although there are 306 jobs till 2011,” said the CSWO. fire when it burns and other things.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) today visited Jirang to continue their election campaign and to explain to the people that they should be wise when electing their leaders. to continue to elect the wealthy businessmen but the legislators who have the responsibility to protect the nation.
The Air Officer Commanding in Chief (AOC-in-C) of the Eastern Air Command is now Air Marshal SP Dharkar.
The next match will be played tomorrow 18th June between Sohryngkham Sports Club and Madanryting Sports Club at 4:15pm at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
Four persons were arrested by the Shillong Police with the assistance of the Guwahati Police on 19th June, a day after the two drivers of the vehicle. was attacked.
If you really want that, you should cleanse yourself first especially the thylliej and don't just jler and campaign for the election only for the thngiat of others and don't go and criticize other MLAs every time they enter the constituencies. The MLA from this constituency has done nothing.
Furthermore, the financial assistance will include the purchase of golf equipment and the hiring of a Personal Coach, Fitness & Nutrition Trainer for Dagar. Rajawat's participation in the Swiss Open, Spanish Masters and Orleans Masters and Sankar's participation in the Orleans Polish Open and Slovenia Yonex Open.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Friday announced that at 2 pm on Tuesday, four MLAs of the party will leave to submit a demand to the Meghalaya government to to immediately suspend the recruitment of government jobs in the state without first reviewing the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
Shillong: A journalist of Nongsaiñ Hima, Melquire Laitphlang, has been injured in the head by a stone throwing at him.
This also shows the BJP's intention to be against the Christians.
“We are concerned about the lives of people and it doesn't matter the cost,” he said.
Kishan alone scored 150 runs for Sohkymphor in the semifinal against Tuber on Monday.
A group of mobs led by hundreds of women, who proved to be defensive weapons or sohpdung, shot several times and detonated homemade bombs on the evening of on Saturday, police added.
If it counts the tournament as a festival, it will be a waste of money for the players of these five games in traveling by rail and plane along with food. drink and accommodations.
The District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Khroobok Passah has invited all male and female athletes to register for the Winter Coaching Camp to be held on the 2nd of July
Charles said that many development works implemented by the Meghalaya Government have been banned by the Assam Government and gave examples of four projects including the construction of the ICDS building at Madan Umwang, SSA School. Lower Primary (demolished), JJM scheme in Jatalong and Village Council in Umru.
The Sozo Football Academy is known as the Sozo Football Academy, where Mercy Rupsi is the President, along with several women from the village. who have collaborated and conducted this training camp for children in the field of football.
This shows that the Congress party itself is not willing to take advantage of the life and death of the state just to protect their party,” said Bah Nongrum.
He said that as a youth of Ri Bhoi, he will continue to take action to promote Mawïambei because the goal and ambition is to turn it into a tourist attraction in the village. “It is not only a rural village, but the tourist attraction will benefit the residents of the area as a whole,” he added.
They asked Isaac questions and took him away with his mobile phone.
In please clarify because we never hear about it.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will not leave behind anyone involved in the process of resolving the border between the two countries. states of Assam and Meghalaya.
The decision was taken by the Unitarian Church after a meeting convened by the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills District, in the presence of doctors. Public gatherings shall be held for various purposes or for prayers.
The DPR for the Western Bypass is currently being prepared.
However, if we give the jait to the father after the death of the father, the name and jait of the shop will remain the same and the shop will grow from time to time.
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested Hamlen Rymbai, 39, of Wapungskur village, one of the suspects involved in the shooting death of Agnes Kharshiing and Amita Sangma.
“In this regard, you are requested to reconsider the order of your department which has banned the issuance of permits for vehicles carrying more than 20 MT to 15 MT. ," the letter added.
According to the driver of the vehicle, who was injured in the incident, the incident occurred due to the loss of vehicle equipment and he lost control of the vehicle.
Meghalaya has celebrated its 50th Anniversary this year and tomorrow, 21st March, the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep will celebrate the 34th Anniversary of the death anniversary of the Syiem Khynnah of Nongstoin Hima, Wickliff Syiem. The time has come for the nation as a whole to know more about the heroes of the nation including Tirot Singh and Woh Kiang Nongbah and the social workers that the nation has signed with the Government of India.
They also did not wear torches, which the police said is not good to carry torches during such raids, as it is a danger to them.
After the workshop, we have seen some of the days that have started and we expect them to be completed soon,” he added.
One of the surprising things is that he doesn't milk the cows because the calves grow faster and he gets money faster from the cows.
(Luke 2:10- And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.)
We have set a rule to make e-statements and e-appearances.
The election for the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya for the Sohiong Assembly Constituency will be held on the 10th June, 2023 and the announcement of the results will be on the 13th. and January, 2023.
The Governor wants the State Government to look into the Second Amendment Bill, 2018 and The meeting was held at the District Council Affairs Department.
U Bah Ardent M. Basaïawmoit, who was the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency at that time, has moved a Special Motion on the spread of drugs in the state which has also contributed to the increase in robbery in the state.
We need laws to regulate the use of land so that there will be no harm to the society or to future generations.
Prakash said the preparation of the bill is in progress and it is understood that it will be passed in the next session, which will be approved by the Parliament.
If the price of Petrol & Diesel reaches 50 tyngka per litre, you will have to buy 95 tyngka per liter because the tax is 45%.
North East Adventist University Cricket Club (NEAUCC) won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 46 runs in 14.2 overs for the loss of all 10 wickets.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that after seeing the reopening of shops in Khyndai Lad area, the Meghalaya government should also find ways and means how to reopen shops. and some of the shops in Iewduh.
It is expected that the road has been damaged due to the heavy rainfall in the area.
Kynshi, Jymmang 16: The sudden floods and heavy rainfall in just a few hours, has caused damage for the whole day.
Add Marak – Gold 2.
Besides Meghalaya, the ISRN has also selected seven districts of Nagaland for the same purpose to provide vaccination to those who are eligible including those over 12 years of age.
and whom do you follow and what kind of leaders do you support with your talents, whether they really love the Jaitbynriew or they just want to misuse you.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum has urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, to take action to consider the issue of Medical Reimbursement government employees in high and low positions.
We all know that a resident should have a place to live.
“All the decisions will be taken by the people,” said one of the Samla leaders.
“We have sent only 10 payments to the Chief Forest Officer (CFO) Bah T.Saibon because the investigation has found that he is not involved in anything as he is the Head of the Forest Department,” he said.
He said that the people should not lose heart on the development of the country because the development schemes will come smoothly because the development schemes already exist which are the rights of the people but only the people need to allow them. He said that the UDP will be in power and he hopes that other party candidates will also win this election so that it can form a government for many of the tasks that as a national party should do.
When she got home, Rida gave birth to herself and her mother.
“Many constituencies have been left behind by this biased government,” said the UDP President.
Two children of Kong Mansuk died in the incident.
Km and the total area of ​​Meghalaya is 22,489 Sq.
Bah Lamiki won the election for the Raid Sordar which was held on the 15th of this month.
Mawrie alleged that the eviction of these families is due to the lack of attention of the state government to include these families and in such a pandemic, it is therefore necessary to include them. .
She said that the implementation of this order comes after the Government of Meghalaya through the Transport Department issued a notice on 4th July 2023 prohibiting the use of horns, silencers. rules 119 (2) and 120 (2) of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules 1989 and Section 52 of the Central Motor Vehicles (CMV) Act to prevent by law and to reduce the sound of horns by vehicles and motorcycles which affect the health of people and residents.
The Fete Committee of Demthring Presbyterian Secondary School has announced that the fete to raise funds for the construction of the school will be held on the 26th June
But God filled them with flesh and breathed into them and they came to life.
The KSU has honored and awarded 14 gold medallists to the students who have passed in various categories. The award is known as the B.Pakem Academic Excellence Award. ,2016′.
Doctors and staff of Supercare Hospital, Shillong.
The JAC also requested the public from the village leaders, parents, youth, schools to come out in order to express their deep condolences on the murder of this young woman. such incidents should not happen again.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The NPP 1st Shillong Constituency Mission Unit has won a cash prize of Rs 10,000 in the Ransom Sutnga Penalty Shootout. Saturday of the last month.
Therefore, we too will try to find ways,” he said.
These include 183 cases from East Khasi Hills, 29 cases from West Garo Hills, 18 cases from Ri Bhoi, 7 cases from North Garo Hills, 5 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from South West Garo Hills. The total number of cases in the state has risen to 91094 out of which 87255 have recovered and 1526 have died.
The agendas related to the promotion of economic development will focus on the above and other issues.
Ramesh Sharma from Ekta Parishad was also present to explain the issues leading to the loss of land. Angela Ryngad, Leader of TUR was also present. Sharma said that the main reasons for the loss of land are the mining of mineral resources, the construction of roads by clearing the hills and valleys. The construction of various factories which has resulted in the loss of tens of thousands of acres of land, the government's land allocation for the construction of schools and colleges, with the intention of building new villages by thousands of acres without a proper plan which has caused the people to lose their land.
In the 10m AIR PISTOL MEN - 1st position, Walshall Momin, 2nd.
Please have a sense of sympathy for those who have continued this protest”.
The 55-kilometer (34-mile) bridge, which includes a bridge and an underwater walkway, will connect Hong Kong and Zhuhai as well as parts of Macau.
France beat Morocco 2-0 in the semi-finals of Qatar on Saturday.
It will also emphasize on the issue of promoting tourism by striving to turn to other sectors such as medical tourism and others, and at the same time to introduce a new approach. In the field of electricity, the UDP has set a goal to prepare to introduce new policies in MeECL and to fight to meet the electricity needs in the state. whole.
Furthermore, about 12,000 people have received their money back and the Tourism Department and other agencies have suffered a loss of T.3-4 crore due to the suspension of the to children.
The Gospel of John 4:24, which says, “But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
She also talked to the dewbilat factories on the price of transportation where she has made arrangements to live together.
TMC State President Charles Pyngrope has said that the party's Vice President George B Lyngdoh will be the right candidate to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
“If it is the MLAs and MDCs who work properly, they will give their salaries to the people,” said Rani.
Bah Syiem said the police department has deployed security forces in the Motphran area to ensure that no incidents occur in the past two months.
When inquired about the synsar producing areas in Meghalaya, the traders said that as of now, the whole state has produced synsar and most of them come from Pynursla and other areas. Sohra-Khatar village.
The Canadian delegation invited members of the MSPB to visit the country to see for themselves the potential of the country in the field of agriculture and livestock. .
The JSU has already lodged a complaint with MePDCL to provide electricity in the area for the benefit of the people.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The Mawliehbah Area Sports Association (MASA) on Saturday opened the 1st League Cum Knockout Football Tournament 2023 at Mawliehbah Mawnar Stadium. Khasi Hills District has been elected.
In a statement, the KSU said that the influx of drugs in the district and the state which has affected the youth has caused many problems. in many families, communities and society as a whole.
Timi H. Ryngkhlem and HD of Khliehtyrshi took three wickets each while Monwanmi Dkhar of West Jaintia Police took three wickets.
The brave are also brave only when they are together as a group and even when they have drunk and eaten, they are no different from the ksew pyndem tdongyn when they are alone.
However, as usual when the price increases suddenly, people are more reluctant to buy meat but this does not last long and will last only for a while and people will come back to buy meat only after 10 or 12 months. for the need of the flesh is inevitable.
We feel sorry for them because they are still far behind us, but we feel sorry for them because we are ahead of them.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said that as there will be three mid-term elections in the state, where the Congress has won from Mawryngkneng and Rajabala, there will also be an election in Mawryngkneng and Rajabala. Development.
“They claimed that all political parties are sinful.
During the search operation, police recovered 57.828 kilos of marijuana from 57.828 kilograms of marijuana. Alajit Debbarma, 24, of Noya Bari, Baikunthapur, West Tripura, was also arrested. A complaint has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and charged under the provisions of the IPC. of the NDPS Act.
These groups told the Committee that the elections from time to time affect the income growth, expenditure on the people, education and also affect the peace and stability in the country. community.
Sometimes, you want it because you need it, and sometimes you just want it but don’t really need it.
“When contacted by Sainava Modal from St Thomas School, he expressed his happiness after receiving the second rank although he never thought he would reach this rank.
As the Seng Kur which has the responsibility for the future of the Kur and the nation, we call upon and encourage the youth to refrain from such evils, but to move forward. to be successful in education and other ways to improve themselves, the Kur and the nation as a whole.
When asked whether any of the MLAs or MDCs will join the party, they did not want to say anything.
He said that those in the Congress Government (MUA) have worn the new jersey by joining the AITC.
He is the one who is right.
The father of the girl refused to believe that his daughter had committed suicide by claiming that she was a smart student and would receive an award from the college.
This was announced before the High Court today while hearing the PIL against the Coke factories.
It is at such times that the people especially in those constituencies where they don't see leaders take the opportunity to attend various meetings called by the candidates if they get the benefit.
After the CEM's reply, the chairperson sought clarification from the mover of the no confidence motion, Bah James Sylliang, who withdrew the motion.
After a while or two of sitting at a friend's house in Mawkhar, Rida left to go to the market and shop with her mother.
Most of the complaints filed against him are related to violence by the insurgents, incitement of violence and bloodshed, attempted violence, corruption and others. and the illegal deeds which this leader has committed while he was in power.
As God is THREE IN ONE, so is Man: in Body, Soul, Spirit.
“I have a desire to serve the people of Sohiong Constituency by entering the political arena after following the former MLA of Sohiong Constituency three years ago.
“I feel this is a golden opportunity for me to take over the management of another country's national team, especially to promote football in Asia.
Many BJP MLAs and other office bearers marched in front of the temples.
A case has been registered at Mawlai Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
He said that they have met face to face with 20 MLAs and they have expressed that such an incident cannot be accepted at all and they have promised to take action.
On the other hand, Ma Min Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Raid Nongtalang, in his speech, praised the village officials for their unity for the good deeds of the village. He said that the presence of this Public Lavatory in the village is a great benefit to the residents especially the poor and it also brings about cleanliness. At the same time, they should have the spirit of forgiving each other so that the work of the village can go smoothly by encouraging the youth of this community. They should have good manners and dignity so that the future of the village will be bright.
After receiving the award from the Central Government on Saturday, the leaders of the Hills Farmer Union West Khasi Hills thanked him for his leadership in the development of farmers in the district. They went to meet him at his residence in Mawduh to honor him as an intelligent and visionary leader to strengthen agriculture in this age when the youth are in the midst of you're hungry.
The program was also enriched by a special song by the band Sur Jingkyrmen from Nongumlong Upper Shillong.
Mawphu has lodged a complaint against the boundary issues of four villages including Mawphu, Laitduh, Umblai and Laitlyndop and alleged that the Syiem has used force to fix the boundary issues without consultation. Kharkongor said that the office will go to collect the facts soon.
Once again, let us be clear that all our plans will succeed but will fail.
Speaking to reporters, the President of SKRS Border Area, Bah Blickstar Sohtun, said that the group has demanded that the Meghalaya government should set up these outposts in Ummat and Umtlieh. It is located in the middle of the Mawlasnai area, villages about 20 km away from each other.
The unemployment rate fell significantly in July to 6.57 percent compared to October 2021, after the country experienced a severe outbreak.
“Ampareen has no right to discourage the people who trust the PILs filed before the Supreme Court, because Ampareen has not filed a PIL against the CAA in the Supreme Court,” he said. he added.
Meanwhile, Bah Emlang Laloo, Congress candidate from 1-Nartiang constituency in the last MLA election, said that according to the political situation in India, there are only two parties, the NDA. which aims to abolish the Constitution and Democracy and the INDIA group which fights to preserve the Constitution and Democracy.
Speaking to media, Hek said that on his part, he had met with Union Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan to tell him that the state is facing difficulties and to request for financial support for the state to fight against covid -1
“We don't have a small or large factory,” said the Rangbah Shnong in a letter to MeECL directing them to check whether there may be any errors in the counting of bill lights or other errors. which the department knows best.
On the relief work, Goyal said nearly Rs 20 crore has been followed up with the Deputy Commissioners to look after the relief work.
Sohmynting scored the first goal in the 15th minute through Deiwomsa Shylla.
He said that water is the life and death of the people and without water we cannot live but without food we can still survive.
Luke 1:33.
“I am very sorry to find that there are those who have given land to foreign workers,” said Bah Alfred.
He said that the allegation in the affidavit before the Meghalaya High Court that the construction of the road for the Bypass Road has not been completed due to the opposition of the residents is false. 'bakla'“I am pleased to inform you that even the residents and landowners have given their approval and the construction of the road has been done by the PWD and NHIDCL department which has been sent to the Ministry. Recently, while I was in Delhi, I had a meeting with the relevant officers and I was convinced that soon we will be able to get the budget,” he said. said Prestone in an interview with the media.
In the midst of nature I still want to stay, Don't be blind, don't be blind.
He said this while talking to the States/UTs at a meeting with Food Secretaries on 18th November in Delhi.
However, this was not the case and the independent Khasi States at that time were forcibly incorporated into Assam and according to the First Schedule of the Constitution, “Assam shall include the areas before the implementation of the This Constitution shall apply to the States of Assam, Khasi States and Tribal Areas.
The longest hill in nature is the male mountain, but the spreading area for cultivation such as fields, fields, lyngkha is female.
Speaking to reporters, HYC Mawlong Unit President Rangdajied Khain said that the company has come to mine uranium in the village without any knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong.
It reported 354.09 mm of rainfall since July 1 till date.
It's better to use YouTube to see all the participants.
“The government's intention to evict these people from this area should not be to insult them, and why these days the issue of Themmotor has been raised as a different issue. but this is not because it is only to relocate these people who are government employees to a place which the government has already provided. for them".
“We will leave it to the wisdom of the MDCs to resolve the political crisis,” said Dr Sangma when asked whether the state government will fight against the corruption in the KHADC. Dr Sangma said it is the duty of the MDCs to find a way to resolve the issue.
He also alleged that there is no distribution of money by the NPP candidates across the country.
“Up to five letters have been sent to the Central Government for acceptance of this request,” said the CM. which states that there is no special provision regarding the inclusion of any language in Article 5 of the Constitution.
The incident happened at about 3:30 am at the parking lot of the truck while he was sleeping inside the vehicle.
While man keepeth the covenant of righteousness, he shall stand great before God: and while man doeth it, he shall keep the law of God. I pray that God will hear and please you.
Shillong: Groups of residents of Mawngap Rim village under the leadership of Kong Aitilang Kurbah have come to expose the corruption in various schemes implemented in Mawngap Rim village. Speaking to reporters, Aitilang Kurbah, Executive Director of the RTI, said that the project has remained unfinished until now and there has been a stir after receiving the RTI. Former VEC of Mawngap Rim Village said that many NREGA schemes in Mawphlang Block have been implemented by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawngap Rim Village, Bah Ratify Kharbudon but the implementation of these schemes has been corrupt. She said that one of the misuse of funds received through the schemes is the CC.Road from PWD road to Lum A dong Mawngaprim. lakh 4 thousand 10 tyngka for which the foundation stone was laid and it was written that this work was completed on 26/3/2 The road was scheduled to start on 7/10/2018 but until today the construction of this road is only about 100 meters out of 600 meters.
Under Mission Jackfruit, the Techno Incubation Center was inaugurated at the Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong on June 24,
“The government has received information that the people of Jaintia Hills have sent a petition to forgive the electricity bill, but I want to complain that the government cannot forgive the electricity bill, but “There will be no penalty if the people are slow to pay their electricity bill,” said James Sangma.
“The state government has immediately taken note of its commitment to comply with the law and to preserve the environment in the state for the benefit of the residents.
He concluded by urging the students that wherever they turn in their lives, they should give back to the society and become young people who are ready to help and become VIP's (V- Visionary, or visionaries, or good examples and P-Performing, or leaders who do the right thing;
Although global sugar prices have exceeded the 11-year average in June, 2023, the country's sugar prices have remained stable with inflation below 3%. .
Police have arrested them after receiving accurate information about the plan.
Chelsea defender Millie Bright, who won the European Women's Championship trophy last year, will now lead the team. The player has taken over as captain of the team due to illness and injury to Leah Williamson who will not be able to take part in the tournament.
The tournament will be played in a league cum knockout format and the organizers can increase or decrease the number of slots in the tournament.
The Seng, while strongly condemning this action of the Police, said that this is the intention of the Police to injure the shopkeepers as well as the people who come to eat at this shop.
The purpose of this program is to teach the youth to be responsible in whatever field they are for the sake of society by knowing people, knowing God and knowing the meaning. of life, so that they can judge between good and evil, because a good future depends on young people.
However, Parvaj Bhuiya scored another goal in the 36th minute to give Langsning a 2-1 lead.
When asked how the Mission can raise funds to spend on the treatment of the people such as medicines, equipment, Swami said that they only receive donations from the people while they can. They don't receive any assistance from the government, especially the state government except once.
Doesn't the court know? It is sad to see that this writer says that the Dkhars will survive when the recruitment quota is changed.
“If God wills, I will propose 30 km of roads to reach all the villages in Mawlai. I will take the proposal to the government to implement the road. ", said Mr. Teibor.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold its full budget session tomorrow. The Chairman of the KHADC, Bah LG Nongsiej, has recently inaugurated the dorbar hall.
“You have urged me to become a candidate from the NPP, who will look after the problems of the people through the letters of “The people have sent for various assistance,” said Ampareen to the Chief Minister and without hesitation the CM has allocated Rs 2 crore 25 lakh for the demands of the people.
Krai is one of the indigenous crops which has become extinct in many parts of Khasi Jaintia.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and others.
The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) in collaboration with TWS, Shillong College and Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, will hold the Inter-College Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 on the 22nd of this month. 8:30 am at Shillong College.
Heirok Higher Secondary School, Imphal, Manipur is the team that will defend the title in the Sub-Junior (U 14) Boys category this year.
Lafarge itself mines coal from Nongtrai and exports it to Bangladesh and the annual income of this company and these companies can be known from their websites.
However, he hoped that the new government will soon build the roads through the BDO's office, because if the bridge collapses unexpectedly, there will be no way. others that the residents of the area should go to the other side of the river.
Do whatever you feel is right ..." She said with a smile.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Rosetta M. Kurbah (IAS) who was the chief guest, encouraged and motivated the children.
He also alleged that the ministers of the BJP government could not explain even a little when asked about the benefits of the Act.
The license shall also contain a number in the form of a Unique Identification Number (UIN) along with the Code of the State or Union Territory.
In this regard, the central government has sent representatives to Manipur with the approval of the state to conduct the case.
“Everyone loves farmers only during the elections and afterwards they forget,” he said.
Rowel said that other district councils are cooperating and supporting the government but only the CEM of KHADC is fighting against the government.
If you have a shortage of water, it usually ends with drinking half a glass of water instead of a glass, or drinking a glass of water once a week instead of a glass every day.
I have purposed it, and I will do it" Isaiah 46:1
“I was walking on the road, in the area where he lives, and at that time, I was suddenly lymbub,” said Emanuela, after her first encounter with the mobile thief, who killed her completely, in place, which they met in Brazil.
Mayank Vaid said besides providing an opportunity to demonstrate the strength of the Indian Army, the exercise will also bring about closer ties between the Indian and Malaysian Armies.
Those who are not eligible to participate in the TIP should contact us by email: dsoekhdshg85@gmail.com , megh_olym_asscn@yahoo.com , finely365@gmail.com , johnfk@gmail.com or phone Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, MSOA, 9774006394, or John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA, Ian Campbell, Olympian (1980 Moscow Olympics) who set the world record at the time, and Alistair Tait, Global International Coach of Australia.
The union has warned and demanded to suspend the order, but until now, almost two months later, the public does not know what the union's decision is to suspend. new party VPP (ha u Prah) urges Christians to protest against the cleanliness drive on Sunday 1.10.23 organized by the Government of India because it affects the faith of Christians who celebrate Sunday as 3) In the same voice, the HYC has acknowledged that Meghalaya is a Christian State and does not belong to Hindus or RSS. Why don't you understand the name “MEGHALAYA” given by a mynder who is not a Hindu or RSS? Why don't you oppose the use of Meghalaya Day now? 4) In a newspaper article on 18.10.23, the Stieh strongly opposed the state government's plan to end the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday 5) Also in the newspaper 20.10.23, the Joint Action Committee of 6 organizations from Ri Bhoi decided to stand together to evict the The closing date of the festival is scheduled for Sunday.
During these dry seasons, there is a shortage of water in many parts of Shillong and in the suburbs.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, together with the village leaders of Umru, visited the area where the Assam Police, a new police station was planned.
According to police, the vehicle was on its way to Danakgre to distribute the lyer shet.
“It is interesting that there are very few cases of violators of the lockdown in the state to prevent the spread of the corona virus, and I urge the people to follow the orders of the government because “It is for the benefit of all the citizens of the state,” said the Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lakmen Rymbui.
When asked how he will fight terrorism, the new DGP said he has a plan which will be seen soon.
Then the Jaintia Hills said and believed that the Sutnga chiefs descended from the “Li Dohkha” – the fish caught by Woh Ryndi from Wai Khyrwi.
And this Phang that he says he wrote like that according to his findings that he wrote RI KHASI RI JAIÑTIA, please continue to discuss and discuss with researchers or those who know better to investigate. and to bring light shall be the benefit of knowledge.
The Police Department should not sit idly by as the establishment of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force in different districts of the state is the purpose of the fight against drugs.
If the Government cannot order the Police at the border, why has it ordered to shoot tear gas at teachers, why has it ordered to bomb women in Lumshnong and why has it ordered to shoot? “We demand that the Government should send hundreds of Police personnel to all BOPs and OPs on the border with adequate weapons. It should immediately order the police to use teargas, lathi charge and shoot if necessary to protect the border and the people on the border.
An officer has been transferred from Jowai to Ampati, according to HM Shangpliang.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has demanded that the government should suspend the doctors involved in the treatment of torti. Thyrñia on the body of a woman who went to give birth at Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong, until the baby she gave birth to has died.
Shillong, November 18: Mawtawar SC have reached the final of the 2nd Division Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association after beating Nongrah SC in the first leg of the tournament. The semi final will be played at the SSA Ground.
The march was held on Monday in Iooksi area with the participation of thousands of people including women and children.
Speaking on the Inner Line Permit (ILP), Mawrie said, “On the ILP, the MLAs from the party in the Assembly have supported the resolution and have come together with the Khasi Authors. Society in Delhi to include our language in the 8th Schedule, and on our part, we have discussed and it will also be one of the issues in our manifesto"Speaking on the RSS, “The RSS is an organization that has its own role, as a party we have our own role to protect the nation or religion and our constitution is clear, we stand for secularism and democracy".
However, we cannot say that there is a contradictory and contradictory characteristic in the way of human intelligence today.
The aim of this program is to increase income generation through the creation of self-employment opportunities.
Furthermore, the union also discussed the deterioration of the Long Round Road (Mawlai Petrol Pump to Mawlai FCI) which has affected many passengers.
A case was registered under the POCSO Act and the investigation was conducted by WP/Sub Inspector Lavinia S Kongwang.
The MLAs do not respect the party presidents because they feel that they are superior to the party presidents.
Besides Julius, three others, Mamoni Parveen, Darisha Mary Kharbamon and Sandeep Biswas, have been charged under the POCSO Act, 2012, Indian Penal Code and Immoral Traffic Prevention. Act, 1986.
The earthquake occurred at 5:30 or 6 pm this morning, when vehicles coming from Lawbah area to Shillong were stopped at that night. from Shillong, they had to turn around because they could no longer drive.
Those who attended the training were members of Aganwadi Centers in Mawkyrwat.
The households of the 15 cases will continue to close the dam, according to the order of the DC, Shillong.
There Israel will stand alone against the countries and kingdoms of the world.
Kulbir expressed his satisfaction that there were two women who came forward to take part.
U Bah Ordo Kharrngi, 65, has been expelled from the village since 1 June 2008 during the tenure of Rangbah Shnong Tiral Syiemlieh for allegedly possessing evil spirits.
He said that these issues along with other issues mentioned in the NHAI report should be looked into by the government authorities from that area and there should also be rules for the car washes to be followed including payment of license fees or kino kino.
Speaking on arrival in Shillong, Md Azharul said that the three-hour customs check will be discussed between the Chief Officers of both the countries to ensure the timely delivery of the bus. as set.
Brazil will be led by Thiago Silva as captain and Luiz Scolari as captain. My manager is a team that has some of the world's leading players including Barcelona's Neymar.
He said that even the new office of Chokpot Block has been allocated by the government.
The match tomorrow 01.11.2023 will be between Mynthong and Ladthadlaboh at 2 pm.
According to information received, the rally was organized by the Seng Samla Raid Nongtung Border Area, which was organized by the Seng Samla Raid Nongtung Border Area. placard, is to express their opposition, how the state will celebrate the 50th anniversary, but the people living in the area are facing many problems, because of the border in the area. has not been resolved in all the last 50 years.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, after NPP MDC from Rambrai Jyrngam Bajop Pyngrope moved a no confidence motion, Titos said, “I have seen today. 18 MDCs have expressed their lack of confidence in the EC which I have led, but the surprising thing is that the Congress in the state, are the leaders of the opposition but here they are working together? Let the people know and judge.
This power struggle has been going on for some time.
He said that according to the information he received, some people went to a shop in the area and there was a fight between the two groups, and shot the shopkeeper. but it is easy to blame it on the difference only because it happened between the two nations.
“Education is a matter that should be done by the state government but any need that the state government requests and sends to the central government to improve education, the government will do whatever is necessary,” he said. During the meeting, the JACATAM leaders informed Irani that she will take action to direct the state government to take over the provincialisation of teachers in schools in this country. state and to provide the same benefits to teachers as others such as pension.
Two people are still missing, 7 injured and 27 animals have died. 138 houses have been damaged, 182 houses have been damaged, 31 houses have been destroyed. is still under investigation and 30 structures have been damaged.
They did not see the rape of women, children and the brutal killing of the inhabitants, no they did not see it with their own eyes! But they have heard stories from generation to generation of slavery and misery.
He said the government has worked hard to curb the smuggling of drugs in the state and according to the records, the highest number of drug seizures are in East Khasi Hills followed by Ri-Bhoi.
Speaking to media, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the main reason for their opposition is on point F of the Office Memorandum issued by the state government recently. In this part of point F, there are other rules which state that 80% of the posts of Grade 3 or Grade 4 should be filled by Khasi and Garo. 80% of the candidates will be Garo or Khasi if there is no Khasi in Garo Hills and if there is no Garo in Khasi Hills.
Several students from NEHU who brought these manifestos to the reporter, said, “Why didn't the UDP and HSPDP dare to talk about this issue when they put it in their manifesto.
Speaking on the occasion, the AITC MP said, “The three flowers on the TMC flag stand for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
He said he was happy to see their smiling faces and peace of mind.
He also spoke in parliament,” said Ronnie.
The committee appointed to look into the welfare of BSNL employees has also agreed to reduce the retirement age of BSNL employees from 60 years to 58 years and to allow those who are over the age of 18 to retire. 50 years of age through  Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS).
(2) To oversee and conduct the election of the Leaders of Villages, Himas, Raids, Elaka, etc.
LP School (Amlarem Block) will play against Mukhla Grassroot Center (Thadlaskeiñ Block) at 11 pm, while in the men's side, Padu United A (Amlarem Block) will play against Ummulong Grassroot Center (Thadlaskeiñ Block). ) at 2 pm.
They have destroyed all those houses and this has affected these families.
Inspection of the documents of the MMDC in October last year showed that since 2011-12, the company has relied heavily on grant-in-aid (GIA). ) for the payment of salaries and other dues to its employees from the chairman and vice-chairman.
The Shnong Umngei is running smoothly and the Dorbar Shnong meets once a year to submit reports on the work of the Shnong, to consider the pending works, to give an account of the income and expenditure of the Shnong works, to Consider the future activities of the Shnong but the election of new office bearers is done once every 3 years.
U Bah Kyrshan Blah, expressed his concern over the condition of the National Highway especially in the area where there is a bridge, because in this area of ​​the bridge the water flows in the areas where the floods have been caused. Most of the vehicles especially small vehicles are parked on this part of the road, which causes trouble and danger to the heavy vehicles carrying goods and not only that but also to the lives of people.
To inform the government regarding their demand, they will start a strong protest from the first day and the government should not blame them.
The Under-16 Girls' Disuss Throw was held at Govt.
During the Budget Session, Mondal said in the Legislative Assembly that the report has been sent to the Finance Department for its comments.
Don't choose wealth in marriage because it will destroy your family.
The incident ha Jhalupara would have turned the village leaders into a shock if there had been no trouble, but we are fortunate that the government has already thought far ahead.
The candidates of the three political parties including the BJP, TMC and HSPDP have been more active in their campaigning, while the Congress has been more focused on entering the house with an explanation of the issues and principles of the candidate. Congress and Bah S Osborne Kharjana.
The suspect, who is 5.6 feet tall, has a blue complexion and is wearing a blue shirt and gray pants, has been arrested by the police since the day he was arrested from Umdihar. , was taken to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh, but died on the 26th. He was taken to the morgue for post mortem. upon his death.
The baby was taken back to the NICU for further examination.
The students have demanded that the NEHU authorities should review the Grading System as it has been found that the Grading System of the university is the smallest compared to other universities in the country. Country.
The woman, who covered herself with a mask, went straight to the Father, who wrote and said, “This is my husband, we have never run away, we love each other very much, we don't I don't know why this happened,” said the woman and her son, whom she had received from her husband.
Meghalaya has the highest incidence of cancer in India and also the highest incidence of tobacco use with 47% of young people (according to Global Adult Tobacco). and 34% of those aged 13-15 years (according to the Global Youth Tobacco Survey, 2019) use tobacco in various ways.
Therefore, in order for the public to be proud of the emergence of talented sports stars from the village, once again they came out to witness and encourage their children, which this time The age limit for players is at least 20 years and above.
K Marak, who spoke to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, others who spoke through the webcase include M. Mallikaarjun Reddy from Telangana, Mamta Dindor from Rajasthan, Sandeep from Haryana, and Kalpana Bai is from Mumbai.
This government has three principles: responsibility, accountability, awareness, impartiality and transparency.
Jowai, October 10: The 12th Raij Dolloi will hold a public meeting on the 14th October at the party office in New Hill, Jowai, opposite Marian Hills Higher Secondary School. it's 10 o'clock in the morning.
Fortunately, the people escaped from the injuries by coming to the aid of their neighbours.
On the other hand, the commercial vehicles in Motphran said that every day, almost every minute, there are people leaving Motphran to go to Khyndailad, IGP, Malki and so on. to Dhanketi and Laitumkhrah.
Recalling the work of Bah RV Warjri in European countries, he immediately said, 'The Revolution of the West has risen with the spirit of the art movement. which was filled with the strength and selflessness of the poets, the poets, the poets and the poets.
Speaking on Tuesday, Ronnie said, “We have surrendered the party for the sake of the people”.
“As it has followed the rules in the first phase, we will follow the rules in the second phase and the wishes of the residents will be the most important,” he added.
“The government has not given us an explanation on what they have done regarding our demands, the protest will continue until we get a reply.
In fact, it is the duty of the government to provide police and other security forces in market places like Khyndailad even at night so that there will be peace.
Balajied Ranee, MDC from Congress to UDP, was accompanied by a group of Youth Congress leaders, women and parent bodies from Nongpoh Constituency. and the UDP party welcomed the venue of the program which was held at Umwang Square in Ri-Bhoi.
“What we have seen seems to have been another trick by other people.
If you don't have the Congress, you don't have the District Council.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India said that the weather will be pleasant, although there will be clouds and rain in some places.
The trophy was awarded to OM Roy by PT Sawkmie and to Christ Church Morning School by Welbirth Rani.
On theft, the Governor said that 257 cases happen every month and most of them are theft.
The meeting was led by Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang as President, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh as General Secretary and several elders from Nongstoin Constituency. The PDF Zonal Committee of the Mairang Constituency has been inaugurated in preparation for the upcoming elections.
When Jesus came to earth, what did he say? He said to the Samaritan woman – “The hour is coming when you will neither worship the Father on this mountain (in Samaria) nor in Jerusalem (in the Temple).
They have also been charged with the robbery of two bolero pick ups worth T.4.80 lakh on the 19th of this month.
All teachers strive even in the midst of many obstacles because they want the children and youth within them to receive adequate education.
Conrad was accompanied by Ram Singh, DC West Garo Hills, SDO (Civil) Dadenggre, Swapnil Tembe and Raghuvendra Kumar, SP West Garo Hills.
He said it is not the duty of the KHADC to inform every market resident before inspecting that the land belongs to the KHADC. “It is necessary to inform and as KHADC we can go at any time to inspect,” said Bah Bless.
We do not want in any way that in the next years or times this work will revive to disturb and disrupt our lives.
“One of the opportunities to be in this tournament is because we will be able to play against 24 clubs from the I-League, ISL and Army teams. This tournament will be held before the start of other major tournaments in the country.
He is one of the founders of the Khasi Department at NEHU. The welcome speech was delivered by his eldest daughter, Tranquility Khonglah and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Heimon Nongpluh (Retd) IPS. , Chief Information Commissioner Meghalaya who is the brother-in-law of Prof.Sten.
Poikyrdang Suchiang President Seng Manbei Nongkynrih, said that the 100 days bill scheme which the residents of the village have lost the right to implement for about 3 or 4 years, but due to the failure of the DC. The villagers have been given the right to implement this scheme within the village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the students from Sohra Government College said that the examination has started on the 1st of July and so far 2 subjects have already passed and tomorrow on the 4th of July there will be another subject. Cheap.
He said it is necessary for the residents to understand that giving money to support illegal groups is wrong and a violation of the rules of law.
“Besides, I have also requested to complete the training of all teachers of Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools by conducting a program under the IGNOU program and for Elementary School teachers under NIOS. “The State Government is also ready to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) and in this regard the State Government has sought the support of the Central Government to meet the requirements. the schools in the State".
Aryan Borah (1/18) and Abhishek Kumar (1/31) took the two wickets he did not take.
He also emphasized on the employment opportunities for the students including government and private jobs, on the roads to be constructed in the district and the state as a whole, and especially on the ban on the mining and transportation of coal by the state due to the lack of its own policy which the traders have refused to create even after the government has signed to create this policy from 2012 onwards. .
Khliehriat: The FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle strongly condemns the Train Phawa, for shooting and injuring two village leaders of Tuber Kmai Village, East Jaintia Village, until they were taken to hospital and injured for 5 hours.
Perhaps, if the Federation of Khasi States had declared independence for our country like King Wickliffe did for the Hima Nongstoiñ, it would have been something that will be remembered by us.
Meanwhile, the BJP Youth Wing, BJYM celebrated Christmas at Reid Chest, TB Hospital Shillong where the leaders of the party also met with the patients, families and staff of the hospital. ai treatment.
Bah BL Nongbri and his team will be welcomed to the NPP tomorrow Friday at Basic School Ground, Mawlai Nongkwar, Shillong at 1:00 pm.
They entered the cave at 11:40 am and left at 2:50 pm.
Madhya Pradesh Governor Mangubhai Patel, Prime Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan, Children's Minister Ayush, Dr Munjpara Mahendrabhai and other dignitaries will attend the function.
He said that the meeting also decided to demand from the state government to set up a full time office of the Superintending Engineer of PWD in Nongpoh, as the full time office of the government has not yet been established. This office will benefit the people of Ri Bhoi.
In the MP scheme, the management is different, in that there are types of jobs, which fall under the scheme and the work also goes through the Deputy Commissioner, but in the MLA scheme, it is The MLA shall have the right to do whatever he pleases.
