While the Government authorities have denied the Government's involvement in interfering with the choice of individuals for their faith, religion and worship, Churches and Christian groups are still facing these demands and understandings. from time to time.
“I don't want to reveal my name now, but if they want to join, they can come and join us. There are some Congress MLAs who have already met with the Central leaders but now I can't give them. “It's not too late to disclose the name because it has 10 schedules and it's too early to disclose it,” he said.
In connection with this incident, Police from Sohra and Shella and also Police from Shillong have rushed to Ichamati village, a village on the border with Bangladesh to strengthen security and maintain peace and order.
The President of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle, Bah Michal Chyrmang, has expressed his concern over the issuance of licenses by the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (FKDC) to foreign shops including shops selling kwai dong and small shops which are still able to operate. He said that the union has conducted this raid on trading license and labor license because of the illegal entry and exit of Bangladeshis from the border, as East Jaintia Hills District is district which borders with Bangladesh, therefore the union is also deeply concerned about the infiltration of Bangladeshis.
The faces of Cleopas and his friend were filled with tears, thinking what they would say when they reached the village. while another foreigner asks them about the events that have taken place in Jerusalem? On the way, Cleopas and his companion told a stranger about all that had happened in Jerusalem that Jesus of Nazareth had been killed and that it was the Sadducee priests, Pharisees, and scribes who had been involved in the murder. he conspired with the Roman authorities to kill and put an end to his works.
According to the resolution, the foreigner who won the most votes was the NPP candidate from Shyamnagar, SG Esmatur Mominin, who received 9483 votes. Bhupendra Hajong of the BJP from Zikzak constituency received 9458 votes while the NPP candidate from Damascus constituency Dolly K Sangma received 9061 votes.
“Therefore, we need to confirm these reports and the information received before we respond and take action,” he added.
The government has neglected the teachers by paying only 12000 per month to the LP adhoc and fourth teachers.
Nongpoh, July 21: The BJP Nongpoh Mandal in Ri Bhoi District today celebrated the International Yoga Day, which is part of the efforts to encourage the people to practice yoga. Yoga is one of the most beneficial exercises that can also improve health.
Speaking on the occasion, former KSU leader Ohibait Dkhar reminded that the Reservation Policy in the state and the Khasi need a high percentage to study doctorate and others compared to other ethnic groups.
SHILLONG Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi has been selected for the Indian Football Team for the 2023 Asian Games.
Spread this message in your villages so that there will be no disaster in the future.
Many non-smokers sleep late according to their work and many smokers sleep early and get up early.
However, if we look closely, the low price of application fees at such a time of unemployment is like a stealing from the residents especially in the state which is suffering from unemployment.
Earlier, Pravin Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of IBDLP, Tura, said that the sohphan market is part of the government's plan to improve the income of the farmers.
We also see an increase in the number of cases in Assam.
And he was able to get a woman as his wife and start a family.
“If you don't trust me, I'll tell you what else, then why did you offer to talk to the lower leaders, they came with us for about 4 months, is there anything wrong, are we doing anything wrong, I feel that they should ask these questions.
The President of AJMRW&LU Khroo Lamsalangki Pariat said that along with the MRCW, the Muster Roll workers have unanimously decided to demand from the government to announce the retirement year of the Muster Roll workers. There is currently no law to determine whether their retirement age is 58 years, 60 years or 65 years.
Those who have knowledge of the power supply and the internet will be selected to sell ration.
“By testing to ensure that the cows are healthy, the government will also be able to issue syrnot to the cow farmers so that they can sell the milk and meat they get from their cows,” he said. "The VPP said in a letter to the government.
This road is the main road to the villages in West Khasi Hills.
This morning, the public information department, Ro min rel sak ang che, also sang the religious song in different villages and during the song, the people stood on the roofs of their houses and immediately after the song. and she cried out, Hosanna.
However, the Supreme Court in its judgment No. 364 of 2021 with Civil Petition No. 375 of 2021, has made it clear in para 9, “The right to pursue higher (professional education) is not which is enshrined as a fundamental right in Part III of the Constitution”.
The Chief Minister also distributed the Meghalaya Day Excellence Award to 15 government employees from different parts of the state who have done well in their work.
Because no one had found the body, the police buried it.
From that date, the commemoration of this day began all over the world.
This year we have also heard of the double mutation of covid-1
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today conducted a Joint Inspection to inspect the construction of the Jowai By-Pass Road connecting the NH-1 44 from Khliehtyrshi to NH-40E at Treongriang Bridge to Amlarem.
The Journalists Association of West Khasi Hills District (JJDC) on Tuesday said that the passing away of this man is a great loss to him. and he gave his condolences to his family.
To become a member of this Council, they must be villagers, not less than 25 years of age, not imprisoned for more than 6 months and not a Member of the District Council.
“I feel that I should not mushlia the spirit of becoming the leader of our MDC, even though I am his friend, in which I feel that he should not suffer because of the conflict. tyllai in his first political career as an MDC".
After that, the elders of Raidmynsaw needed to be promoted to Higher Secondary School.
“It is a long standing demand that the government should work for the welfare and safety of the students and the college but the government's action to tied and bomb the students is a mistake. unacceptable behaviour," he said.
The podcast was prepared by ADC East Jaintia Hills District, Bah J.Shylla and Bah Juhhi Nanghuloo, PA of the Deputy Commissioner. He said that this program has been implemented by the state government since 2021, the aim is to help develop the farmers by directing the villagers to form groups (PGs) to help to market their produce.
“I have not received the exact report on the positive case of the Minister of Home Affairs and we are still waiting for the report,” he said.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Jowis Umbah, said that the disease has started to spread since the 2nd of this month, and two brothers have lost their lives due to the severity of the disease in just a few days.
• 12.
The CEO of a company in Bengaluru has been arrested after being found guilty of cheating 2,000 students of Rs 18 crore, media reported.
The curfew will not affect police personnel, soldiers, fire trucks, doctors or hospital workers, bank workers, employees of the government. PWD, Shillong Municipal employees, food distributors, food shops such as rice shops, cylinder shops and pharmacies.
These experiences of Jesus in the wilderness became the foundations of the struggle for a just and impartial society.
Although he passed away at the time of his burial on Thursday 24th June 2020 at Mawkhar Presbyterian Cemetery, the funeral of Bah Ganold Stone Massar, a prominent lawyer, has been a success. According to the rules and regulations issued by the Government during these times of Corona, more than 20 relatives and close friends were present, amidst the bright sky.
All the leaders of the Kur Dkhar expressed their appreciation to Ajay Dkhar whose poverty has not prevented him from winning and reaching this goal.
On the other hand, Sangma told the KSU leaders and parents of the IFCAI students that he has already discussed with the Chief Minister of Tripura on the issue to ensure peace. of the state students in Agartala.
He said that their departure has no impact on the party in the upcoming elections and so far the new office bearers of the party from Block Level, Primary Units and Sub Units have been appointed. work hard to strengthen the party.
Jana Gana Mana (Kumba Ka Long) Jana Gana Mana Adhinaayaka, Jaya HeIndia Bhagya Vidhata.
According to the source, the incident happened at about 1:30 pm yesterday, but fortunately no casualties were reported. there was no one in the house except the loss of the house and the livestock.
The Club and the Dorbar Shnong also explained to the students about the disposal of garbage and not to throw garbage without finding it in order to maintain cleanliness.
They are rarely able to create a job for the good of the community, or to improve the dignity of their fellow citizens.
Previously, most of the film producers in Meghalaya used CDs or DVDs, which was a less difficult film production process.
White House National Security Council Chairman Adam Hodge said US officials had received information that Russia had sent missiles near these areas. Ukrainian citizens have been killed in the attack.
Nongstoin: The 48 units of the HSPDP on Saturday decided to nominate Bah Bobby Kharshandi as an independent candidate from the 32-Nongstoin Constituency. for the 2023 election.
In the first match of the 17th round, Rangthong Christian HSS won 1-0 goals between Sakwang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School. Ibawansuk Syiemlieh scored the third goal in the 22nd minute.
He said that it is not only the drivers of commercial vehicles who are facing this problem in the outbreak of this disease but everyone has to face this problem and if you forgive the drivers of commercial vehicles it means you have to forgive them too. others and the Government itself has to think carefully before taking any decision because even the Government is facing many problems.
On this occasion, there were also gifts from various departments of the District to u Pariat.
At the time of writing, it is not known whether he is seriously injured or not, but it is understood that he is still under police investigation and the search for others who intended to set fire to the vehicle is ongoing.
Shillong: Lajong and Sreenidi drew 2-2 in the I-League at the SSA Stadium in Shillong on Saturday. scored her second goal in the second half.
Speaking to media, Bah KS Rani Vice President of the union said that they came to find out who gave permission to the Assam government to build this road in Balakhawa. The construction of this PMGSY road in Balakhawa has come to work again.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem congratulated the retired and current soldiers who organized this tournament for the purpose of gathering together the youth. you don't have to play football.
“If it gives T.2 crore for Rock on 2, what is the problem to help Khasi films,” he said.
Many of the drivers said that they have lost a lot of money from the marathon, where their daily income has decreased, because instead of walking twice they have to walk. only once.
The injection is not only for teachers but also for every child if this new drug is really suitable for this disease.
Niman said the extortion took place at Mukhla, Thadlaskein on Jowai bypass and these people were dressed in plain clothes and the extortion took place from Bolero Pickups, trucks passing through the road. road under Ummulong Police Beat House.
Regarding these issues, the Advocate would also like to inform you that along the National Highway-6 at present there are two toll gates in Jaintia Hills, one at Lumshnong and the other at Lumshnong. He said that the distance between these two toll gates is only about 53 km from each other, and therefore these toll gates are still within the distance of 60 km. Thup as stated by the Minister of the Union Government.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Birla, will visit the state on 25th June
The Dorbar Shnong has decided to ban the Karbi from entering the Khanduli market after it was alleged that the Karbi had threatened the Pnars to farm in the rice fields.
The meeting was conducted by Tb.
In fact, the two Mawlai parties, FKJGP and KSU, yesterday held a meeting between the MDCs of ARPA and MDCs of PDF including the CEM to explain the VAB to the people of Mawlai.
Furthermore, the broader areas of trade with the employment agency were discussed, including financial support, employment opportunities, and job creation. newly established in the North East, with the aim of bringing about cooperation and involvement among those involved in the industry so that the employment sector is strong.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Arunachal Pradesh Police have sent their final decision to the High Court after completing the investigation into the former Arunachal Pradesh Minister who has been accused of speaking The women who guarded the golf course.
“This expenditure of T.23 crore includes the construction and maintenance of sports grounds, accommodation, food, transportation and others.
After that, the government prepared the roster, and the issue was resolved.
In the auction so far, more than 4150 metric tonnes of rice and 1900 metric tonnes of rice have been sold from various rice warehouses in the NEF Region.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah George Dkhar Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school said that the school has faced many difficulties and challenges. Initially, there were only 10 students and 2 teachers in the school, but through the selflessness, perseverance and hard work of The founders of the school have grown and flourished with the support of many elders, civil society organizations from the RBYF, Dr DD Lapang who has also supported the school in the past until The school has stood firm and grown as it is now in Umsning Lum Umpih.
They said that the reason for their failure to achieve their goal is due to the hard work and perseverance of the SIT team in the process of rescuing the man. handed over to the police, they also said that one of the biggest achievements was due to the cooperation of the relatives of the kidnap victim and the police to share every piece of information they received.
And the house is troubled.
This festival also aims to bring together the children of thousands of Khasi Khara to enrich their cultural heritage.
Expressing his condolences on Facebook, Bah Sainkupar said that the family members of the former leader of the party have arranged that the wreath laying ceremony should be held at 2 pm but the government has not. The party has ordered the leaders of the party who are currently in the state to talk about peace and to lay flowers at 8 pm.
These ethnic groups include the Rabha, Boro, Koch, Hajong and Man of Garo Hills under the State Reservation Policy of the State.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Khanduli-Umshangiar Unit today met with the Branch Manager of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Khanduli Branch to discuss the performance of the branch.
The union also urged the department to ensure that such delays in the scholarship should not happen again in the coming years.
The Government has allocated T.25 crore for the construction of the Temporary Campus, of which T.19 crore has already been spent.
This year, the nature has destroyed the soul of man.
Jowai, Lber 05: The 9th Secondary School Football Knock Out Tournament 2022-23, Pdengshakap Village Council, on Saturday, played two final quarter matches. ultimate.
Nongpoh, July 23: To ensure the smooth running of the election and also to encourage the voters to know their right to vote to elect those leaders, the District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District, Aprit Upadhayay announced that the Model Code of Conduct has been implemented in all parts of Ri Bhoi District, after the Election Commission of India on the 18th announced the date of polling. to be held on June 27, 2023 in the state.
Among us Khasi, there are occasional writings which show through the storytellers that the Khasi people are a special people whom God has created and created.
“It is painful to see the destruction of Shillong.
This is not only happening in the rural areas but is especially common in Shillong.
In the quarter final, Tpepswer SSWO beat Byndihati SC 1-0 with the goal scored by Danny. Shylla for 29 minutes.
The commemoration was held at the ground floor of the Church of God (M&A), Jasir, Shella.
The incident occurred after the indigenous people held a rally and march to protest against the demand of the Meitei community for Scheduled Tribe (ST) status.
Those who come from Namdong Parish, Mynsngat Parish, Ïongchwiat Parish and Nongjngi areas will enter through the streets of Wahiajer Village to be shown by the Volunteers at Wahiajer.
However, it is surprising that even the village leaders and Hima leaders like Raid Warmawsaw Umsohbar have not been able to show the documents to verify the land to the Regional Committee of the government. Because of the recent work of the Committee, many of the areas of Ri Khasi Hills will go to Assam which has been decided recently and without knowing anything about the boundary and the rules of governance in the border villages of Ri-Bhoi District through the Raids, the Hima and the village.
He said that in any election, if the party does not get a majority, it cannot be implemented and the election issue will remain the same.
“He also alleged that the tender was insufficient, but the tender of the SPV-Meghalaya Age Limited provided the documents to submit these projects to various departments for tender. We have already called tender from these three departments for T.230 crore and now only the order to start the work remains. " said Mr. Prestone.
However, she said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Raising a question in the House today, Dr Donkupar said that the credit-deposit ratio in the state is very low. The population is high while the returns from the banks are very low.
The Symposium was opened with a welcome speech by Bah P.Kharshiing General Secretary, KAS who expressed his gratitude to all those who have given their support to make this symposium a success.
Nongpoh: The women of 5 villages under the Shnat Raid Tyrso, 4 Village Organizations and 30 Self Help Groups (SHGs), today held a special celebration on the occasion of The 2nd anniversary of the SHGs, which were established under the auspices of the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM).
In the first match, Kremmyrsiang beat Mynkrem 4-3 in the tie breaker.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the APSTA Mawkynrew Unit office at Lad Kharang, he said that he stands firm on the ground and will continue to contest the MLA election 2023 from the PDF. He said he remembers Bah BB Lyngdoh, who was the former Chief Minister of the State who rejected the proposal of the Congress and other political parties at that time. It is said that it is better to swim in the sweet sea than in the dark sea.
“Of course, it is important that I come from a political family," she said, adding that passion and loyalty towards political representation is different to a great extent.
What we mean is that let us think carefully about whom we will vote for.
He said that being a teacher is not an easy job, but the teachers are committed to spreading knowledge to the children until they become human beings and it is on this basis that many of the teachers who serve As an MLA, he encouraged the teachers to take the students as their own children for the bright future of the children.
The students also conducted an awareness program on culture and cyber crime.
The Minister of Tourism, Paul Lyngdoh was one of the spectators.
Initiatives such as the International Solar Alliance and the International Bio Fuel Alliance have been launched by India and have received support from all over the world.
Narendra Modi and Amit Shah arrived in Shillong to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA II) government. The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills District has issued a 'No Entry' order in parts of Shillong from 10:30 am to 12:30 pm.
The CS said that the education department is one of the most difficult departments in many areas, whether it is in the payment of salaries or other areas related to education. state and national alike.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA urged the residents to come forward and take advantage of this opportunity. The PMUY scheme of the Central Government with the aim of delivering tyndong shet to all the rural villages especially the women from poor families.
Do you know what the Government is doing? The Village Authorities should cooperate with the Government's arrangements, such as the prohibition of gathering in markets, sports grounds and others, to prevent this. pandemic.
As a sign of opening the tournament, the Kongsan tied the shuttle.
According to her, this research will be conducted in many fields of literature including book writing and other areas that will preserve the culture such as the production of goods. music, films and photography and other fields.
Let’s take a look at some of the leading roles.
At the same time, he urged the Waheh Shnongs and Village Authorities to be wise not to issue NOC if the Coke owners ask for NOC again if they need to relocate. Speaking to the people, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that he understands the plight of the people. He said that he could not say anything because the case is still in court and that they would like to wait until the 22nd of November when the case will be settled. He said that he will also talk to the MSPCB and other departments. He said that he often goes to Umtyra, Nongsning during the time of heavy smoke production. The district authorities should take action to protect the people from the disease.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, today informed the ration consumers of the district that the ration of NFSA and non-NFSA as well as atta for the month. June 2022 was released through their ration shops.
The party leaders have now started turning to the North East to form the AAP. It is learned that the party leaders have worked hard to get clean and skilled people who are not There is no written statement to establish the AAP in Meghalaya, Assam and Tripura.
“Bhaichung is the second leader after Sohan in the GNLA. He has been in charge of the South Garo Hills and West Garo Hills Air Command,” said IGP GHP Raju.
Through this announcement we invite you Seng Kur/Dorbar Kur/Lympung Kur to take the initiative to send your Nongmikhmat to this meeting.
Similarly, projects such as the Mahakaal Lok Projecttha Ujjain and the Ma Kamakhya Corridor in Guwahati are aimed at improving the experience of pilgrims to these places of worship, and providing modern services in with the promotion of tourism and economy in these areas.
The party urges the people of Riwar area as well as those from neighboring villages to come out and take part as directed by the SDO so that it will bring victory.
One of China's leading marathon stars, Su Bingtian, has announced his retirement from this year's season.
Ma Lakhon Biam, Chairman of JHADC (above) Ma Thombor Shiwat “All of you members of this House, you too are the CEM of your Constituency and please cooperate with me so that we can work better. “It is to improve the work of the District Council to serve better the people,” said Thombor Shiwat.
According to the Minister, the government has found it difficult to pay the loan once to the power distribution companies especially to NEEPCO but it will pay in installments.
He said that Bah Jommingstar Ramsiek, winner of the Kolkata Full Marathon, prominent marathon runner and coach in the state, will also participate in the event.
“The preparations for the signing of the soskular to take over the land should be completed within a day. The signing of the soskular will be in three groups, the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, The state government, the Urban Development Department and the Shillong Municipal Board, this is the first recommendation and this should be completed next month”.
On the other hand, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that during his leadership, he has tried to bring about many development projects in Jirang area, from roads, education, health, and especially the introduction of Civil Sub. Division and on this occasion as an MLA who has been trusted by the people, he said that he will continue to do the same to carry out development works in Jirang Constituency with the confidence that the roads will open as we hope to continue. Through the assistance of the government, we can improve the constituency as a whole.
Shall we end up singing and praying but not doing anything for the glory of God our Creator to protect the special land that He has given us? Young people of the country and citizens, surprise the people and do something now while there is still time.
Khliehriat: The FKJ GP South Eastern Border Area (SEBA) Circle, today took this opportunity to congratulate the Leader of the Constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, He is also the Cabinet Minister in charge of the Social Welfare Department, etc. of the Government of Meghalaya. Borghat Jhalalpur (RBBJ) Road through the Central Road Infrastructure Fund which has been damaged, said a statement from the leaders of the Seng.
Now is the age of mobile phones, where every hand has a mobile phone and therefore, to have these stupid things, is a serious insult and the District authorities, should take responsibility. to correct such illegal activities.
Guwahati: A clash occurred in Lailapur today, where militants threw stones at vehicles heading to Mizoram, on the border of Assam and Mizoram.
The competition was conducted by two Surat residents, Yatin Sangoi and Mul Sanghvi, and the selection will be for those who have the best ksem, not those who are the most beautiful. small shops.
Meanwhile, Kong Lumspah and Daiahun followed behind.
“We urge the Central Government to take action on the demand of Meghalaya to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Baphra Schedule,” said the MP. Lyngdoh congratulated the party leaders, especially AITC Chairperson Mamata Banerjee, National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee, all the leaders in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha who have spoken for their demands. resident of Meghalaya.
The Youth which was opened at St.John Bosco Sohra is a platform to provide information to the youth of Sohra area in their studies , and to explain to them according to their ability in which line they want to study .
The soul is free when we don't give up our horse for others to ride.
In addition, the NIA has arrested 27 robbers and their assistants in the past six months after conducting raids at more than 200 places and shelters in five times in 7 states.
“For example, we know that there are many countries in the world that need the services of nurses who are not available in these countries but if our nurses are polite, if they can get the ability to speak different languages ​​to speak the languages ​​of European countries, perhaps they can speak French, Japanese, because I was told recently that there is a demand for the services of nurses in these are foreign countries.
“On this occasion, the Village through the EC will decide whether to hold a weekly program or not to hold events once a year, and the Management will also decide. “There is a lack of development schemes from the councils,” said the CEM.
The donations received through work orders have reached 30 lakh tyngka, which the MLA has donated to the Church of God, Mawlai Nongkwar, St. Francis, Mawlai Kyntonmassar. school and village.
And on the other hand, let us reject the MLAs whom we have seen who don't know how to advocate and debate in the Assembly, and those who sleep, and those who don't know how to bring forward issues. to the people of the constituencies.
The decline in income in these days, in the country, has affected the income of those who produce cars, those who produce clothes, many of whom have increased their income.
“We will talk to the NIOS authorities and find out what happened (to the D.El Ed results),” Rakkam told reporters after a meeting with a group of 29 students. and Sibsingh Centre, West Khasi Hills District.
Through the victory of this semi final, Assam Rifle Public School East Khasi Hills will play against Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School East Jaintia Hills today. KB Memorial Secondary School East Jaintia Hills will play against HK Singh Secondary School West Jaintia Hills.
“We have looked at Karnataka more closely as a daughter of India.
Before the Parliament of India passed the CAB, various political parties in the North East had held protests against the CAB, despite the opposition of the central government. The CAB was passed on 11/12/2019 and it is on this basis that NESO has declared this day as a dark day.
It may be recalled that the Inspector of District Councils in the state, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, earlier said that the elections should be held within six months from the date of resignation of the MDCs. On the other hand, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of KHADC said that the government should not want to hold forced elections without an agreement with the District Council as at present the Council is in short supply of funds. The Governor of the State before announcing the elections should consult with the District Council and find out whether there is enough money to hold the elections.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) has not tested positive for the virus in the past, but he tested positive on Sunday and on Tuesday, he tested positive for the virus. , that you have this disease.
No matter how intelligent they are, they find it very difficult to get government jobs, because all the jobs have already been allocated only for the children of those supporters who won the elections, even if they are only The MLAs are the Ministers as well.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 8,000, while in China, the country where the outbreak began, the death toll has risen to 3,0
We would like to thank all those who have been informing us by phone about many incidents and wonderful news because with their help we have been able to spread it to the public.
Shillong, March 13: The FKJGP has held an emergency meeting today to discuss the illegal entry and exit of foreigners in Mawlai village. search from building sites, car dealerships and other places.
Fear and discontent has affected not only our welfare but also the development of the party in the state.
Students should not be affected, and if a new examination has to be held, it should be held.
The spread of COVID-19 has not destroyed hope how to help self-employed people in urban and rural areas who are standing on their feet to sell their goods online.
Tamabil is also under the containment areas, but only foreign trade has been allowed, while six villages and entry points from Dawki Amlarem to Jowai Road-Shnongpdeng, Dawki Boating Point and Dawki PHC to Tamabil have been allowed under the containment areas. close the door.
Bah Karland Langrin, also known as one of the most prominent leaders of Ri Lyngngam, passed away on 23rd September
Khliehriat, Jymmang 23: The EJNC Sumer Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the SDO and Engineer of MePDCL Khliehriat regarding the submit your electricity bill and smart meter.
Also present on the occasion were members of the Executive Dorbar of Laitnongkseh Village including Bah Dhotding Star Nongbri (Secretary Village), Bah Purningstar Shabong (Assistant Secretary Village) and others.
The HPC's resignation came from its Secretary, Gurjit Singh, who strongly criticized the government.
Rida cried and got up and went to her bedroom.
Shillong, July 14 : Sankardev College Shillong on July 13 and 14 held a special National Workshop on July 13 and 14, 2023 on the preparation for the full implementation of the National Education Policy Government of India within the state.
So many today say “There is no God” and do not fear God and do not respect man.
In the second half, Gladiator had the opportunity to score the first goal through Bah Kitkupar Kharshiing but Sunriser had the opportunity to turn the tide through Bah V.Syiemiong in the second half. In the second half, Sunriser scored two more goals through Bah V.Syiemiong and Bah M.Byrsat to end the match 3-1
It is necessary to register with the district authorities and the authorities in charge of Drilling Agencies whether they are government or semi-government or individuals. signboard in the area of ​​operation near the pond or wells clearly indicating the address of the persons using or owning the pond.
“Bah Synrem said that this is a message to all the Directors who are in charge of the central government departments that when they come to the state they should respect the people of the state.
According to reports, the young woman, had stabbed my boyfriend, during a phone conversation between the two of them and in a misunderstanding, the fire had risen in her head and thus , I went up to the fireplace.
In West Jaintia Hills, police said they have sufficient evidence to chargesheet a man suspected of killing a child at Highwat in recent days.
The most important parts are: You have only one trade or two trades.
Ma Rymbui said the remaining salary of SSA teachers is from November last year to October this year and according to the estimates the total amount has reached T.132.48 crore. and soon their money shall be released.
He said that the festival is part of the efforts to bring together farmers, Self Help Groups (SHGs) and CMCs or Collective Marketing Centers to promote the products. at the same time to discuss how to maintain the quality of this crop.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, signed by the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh and the leaders of the KSU Narpuh, they strongly condemn the government and NHAI for not taking any action to repair the road. They also demanded that if the road is repaired, it should not be completed, but should be covered with heavy stones, then covered with small stones and then cleaned. NHAI should also bring in skilled engineers in the field of road construction, increase the number of machines and staff to work, and NHAI should take action to address the problem. of the landslide in the tunnel at Sonapyrdi which causes problems to the passengers, these are the rules that the NHAI should follow.
The message should be preached with joy, hope, and encouragement.
In this regard, Bah Adelbert urged the PHE department and the Shillong Municipal Municipal Board to look into why the water supply in the constituency is not available. “I would like to inform you through this news and I am confident that the Minister of PHE will address the reasons why from time to time the people who have to suffer .
“The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam on this incident,” Prestone said.
But now it is not so.
It is painful to see the conversion of religion in schools to places of worship without regard to the Constitution under Article 51 (A).
Shillong: The College Week of Khadsawphra started on the 7th and will end on the 14th of this month.
The funeral service was held in the midst of the mourning and sorrow of the parents, brothers, relatives and the residents of the village, as they are very sad that the young woman has passed away. died suddenly, even at a young age and still needed to grow up.
On the other hand, the Union leaders immediately held a meeting with the heads of the two Gas Agencies, M/s Ripnar Gas Agency and M/s Rymbai Gas Agency.
The search is ongoing to find out where the woman tested positive for Coronavirus.
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his gratitude to the people of the state who came to inform the authorities about the illegal mining of coal in these areas.
He said, “I created the earth, and created man upon it.
Police immediately conducted a search operation to search for the abductee.
The committee will implement the scheme in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board, Dorbar Shnongs, NGOs for the benefit of school children, poor families and the people of 19th Shillong South. Constitution.
KHNAM has submitted its comments through letter No. KHNAM/CEC/2023-24/RP dated 31st June,
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kharshiing said, “On 30/5/22, I requested for RTI on the report of investigation into the murder of Bah Cherister Field Thangkhiew. this is RTI".
Shillong: A person, who tested positive for Covid-19, has been confirmed positive for Covid-19 at Rangthong PHC, Shillong. shop of Mebi K Wanniang, SBI ATM and shop of Bah Krilin Lyngdoh in Mawkyrwat Market.
Fifteen miners were killed in a coal mine in Ksan, Jaintia Hills.
Tikrikilla and Selsella Block in West Garo Hills have been the worst affected and in South West Garo Hills, Betasing Block has been the worst affected. Six people died on the spot.
She knows that in India, if she wants to whiten the red, or to whiten the white, she can because she holds the throne of power in the central govt in Delhi.
The FKJGP Sengkmie said that as of now, no one knows what is written in the report because according to the media, the report was sent by the FKJGP Sengkmie. Justice (retd) T Vaiphei has been sealed in a packet and the Chief Minister has sent it back to the Political Department to read the report. Working President, FKJGP Central Body.
We also remember that during the time of God's wrath against mankind in ancient times, when the angel of death flew in the sky and saw the blood-stained doors, he passed over the house but those who were not there had to suffer death.
That area is constantly smoking and we know that burning plastic produces poisonous air.
Shillong: In order to educate the students of the state, not only mentally but also physically, on 22nd November 2021, Satya Pal Malik, The Governor of Meghalaya has issued an announcement that students who are studying for a degree or undergraduate course can take the National Cadet Corps (NCC) as one of their subjects if they have right.
This forest attracts 80% of migratory birds from other parts of India.
“Let there be an attempt to bring about unity because the goal of everyone is to fight against the ruling NPP,” he added.
The price of goods as it is now has already increased.
This shows that Conrad Sangma does not respect even the President of the HSPDP and the party leaders.
Because of the discussion, the mother and son did not know even the time to eat that day.
While those affected are the people.
After receiving the information, the reporter went to the village to inspect the situation, where he found that the forests have been destroyed, the trees have been cut down and the electric polls have collapsed.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has demanded clarification from Bah PN Syiem regarding nine issues related to the misuse of funds in the Khasi District Council; “At this meeting (PDF), it was decided that the UDP MDCs should convey these issues to their party”.
Khliehriat, Nailar 7: The District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District today held a program to honor the teachers of classes 8, 9 and 10 on the project 'Ka Lawei' ', which is a project to educate children in schools with TV screens.
However, regarding the Mahadev Khola, he said that it is outside the river, which means that it no longer falls under the jurisdiction of Lawsohtun village and the area is under the jurisdiction of another village. land, maintained and maintained by the Forest Department.
Shillong, Jymmang 02 : The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) of the 17th North Shillong Constituency will hold a Prayer Meeting on the 4th June 2023 starting at 11 am at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
At that time, the mind of mankind was still pure, the purity of mind, the rule, manners and honor were the foundation for the longryngieng of both men and women.
Because if we say work hard, we are wrong, because even a thief works hard,” said the youth.
It is alleged that the visit of the BDO to Selsella, will only be an opportunity, to increase corruption in the block.
The freedom of children to play on the internet has brought more harm than good and this is the fact, in which a child, who is only 5 years old, has bought an AK rifle. 47.
We want the Prime Minister to appoint a committee to run the matter,” he said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle, today led by President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang, today inspected the documents of foreign trucks. The Seng has found that there are 298 trucks parked in the line before entering Bangladesh without proper documents and owned by bars. state.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should recall the Village Administration Bill (VAB) to expedite its implementation.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 196 active cases in the state.
Gohain said this while talking to media after a meeting at ICAR Umiam today.
At the same time, the union suspects that all this has happened because the foreign company has shown favoritism to those in charge of the budget in the Secretariat & Meghalaya. Legislative Assembly in which even the engineers are no longer willing to share or say a single word in front of the foreign company; Even if they don't have the spirit to do their job properly, it is for that reason that Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd can do whatever it wants because it is not in its own state.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: A shocking incident has happened at Okkapara Songgitcham village in South West Garo Hills District today.
Jowai: The Local MLA of Jowai, Wailad Shylla, on Tuesday said that he will provide assistance to 800 families affected by the natural disasters and lockdown.
Welcome speeches were delivered by Phyrnai Sariang Secretary Women Wings 1-Nartiang Constituency and a welcome dance was performed by the youth of Wahiajer.
Shillong, November 15: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah AL Hek on Friday said that the decision to contest the Lok Sabha elections will be taken by the party leadership.
Shillong, July 13: On the 11th of this month, police received a complaint from Debasmita Gupta, that on the 10th of this month, at 10.30 pm, a man, wearing a helmet on his head, was shot dead. , he went into her house, in Madan Laban, where he did not know that he was the maker of Um.
Thank you to the NPP for working hard body and soul to overcome these problems...congratulations to win this goal.
How do you tip!!.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong Ampareen said, “I thank the NPP for feeling that I am that fighter who has grown, knows and learned, and I say to you the citizens Jaintia Hills that I will visit each and every village in the next few months.
The body of man lives because the spirit enters man.
The district authorities should resolve this issue by calling for talks with the petrol pump workers and providing better protection to them to end their strike,” said the two organizations. Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi.
The Yatra is based on the vision of inclusive development, in an effort to ensure that the benefits of Government schemes reach all the people of the country.
The meeting agreed that all the rulers should unite for the sake of preserving the customs and traditions of the country and the people as they said that this does not only affect the rulers but all the rulers. Teiborlang Wankhar Secretary of the Union of Chiefs of North Eastern Region, said a statement.
The opening of the new school and the cost of construction is 4 crore 64 lakh and 71 thousand tyngka.
If this law is passed, like Assam, it will be filled with Bangladeshis.
In the first match, India beat Germany 3-2
The visit to the school was to witness firsthand the management of government schools in Delhi.
Speaking at the 74th Anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham organized by the Department of Culture and Heritage in Shillong, Bah Mohrmen said that the Sohra language alone cannot enrich the society. Khasi language and should be taken from other language groups throughout the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Besides, the Coal Mines Regulation 2017 also contains many rules to be followed in the mining of coal.
According to the police chief, they came to arrest because they were afraid of being turned against their fellow members.
The Chief Guest unfurled the flag as a sign of the beginning of the Golden Jubilee and the opening ceremony was enriched by a drill and song by the school children, a song by the Jingïaseng Samla Balang Sohiong.
West made the remarks while campaigning in North Charleston, South Carolina.
W.R Lightflangxii.
The total number of teachers on the list is 92 from Jowai, 21 from Tura, 37 from Amlarem, 43 from Dadenggiri and 60 from Shillong.
The money was handed over to the DC, Jowai by the Waheh Chnong DH Pde in the presence of the General Secretary A Lanong and other members of the Dorbar Shnong.
“Such incidents put immense pressure on low-income families.
Members (i) Shri Bhabok Syiemlieh (ii) Shri Kitboklang Syiemlieh (iii) Shri Tlording Kharbani (iv) Shri Suddenly Syiemlieh (v) Shri Rangkynsai Thongni (vi) Shri Hasster Sanglein Ex Minister (vii) Shri Marshali It Sanglein (ix) Ms. Aurora King (x) Ms. Persara K.Ryja (xi) Ms. Bayonet King (xii) Ms. Syntywpat Sanglein.
He added that even in these years, peace and order has returned to the Langpih area.
However, in order not to cause any inconvenience to the visitors, the members of the Society today, decided to rebuild and repair it without any hesitation until it was possible to provide for the visitors.
According to the documents, the drugs worth T.11.62 crore were purchased between October, 2011 and October,
The General Secretary of the Seng Samla said that according to the information received, the scheme has been planned to be implemented since 2009 and is expected to be completed by 2012 but the work has not yet started.
In connection with this crime, the robbers have used drones in connection with the drug trafficking, which has been monitored, the source said.
Shillong: The number of cases of coronavirus in Mawpat has risen to 21 with 2 cases at the corona care center and 19 cases at their homes.
He urged the Council to look into this and why so many licenses have been issued to foreigners.
The school has two branches in Jowai and Tura.
The minimum temperature in Shillong was 12.8 degrees Celsius, the maximum temperature was 5.5 degrees Celsius and the maximum temperature in Sohra was 16.2 degrees Celsius. The lowest temperature was 4.9 degrees Celsius, Umiam 16.4 degrees Celsius and the coldest 6.0 degrees Celsius.
This shows that we have to start over especially when we have married and left our own home.
UDP West Jaintia Hills Spokesperson Michael Sayoo said that as party leaders in the district, they hope to do better than in the past five years and the leaders have gone ahead to prepare. Preparations for the elections in all seven constituencies in West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills have been going well and the UDP party is expected to win in all seven constituencies.
These women include Rebecca Suchiang, IAS who is also the first female Chief Secretary in the country, Isawanda Laloo, IAS Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills; Trinity Sayoo, farmer of Lakadong shynrai who has also received the Padmashree Award in 2021, Kong Minimon Laloo, writer who has won many awards such as Women of the Year in 2021 and others. awards state and national.
The chief guest was Phassmon Dkhar, EM JHADC in the presence of WJDBA President JM Pohsngap, Vice President D Pyrbot and EMH Passah. in addition to others.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, today received 279.6mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 am.
He said that this is the first time that the Governor has completed his keynote address in the House in a short period of time.
The band consists of Wanphrang Diengdoh, bassist and singer, Valte Chongthu (Balu) guitarist and Nikolaus Gerold (Klaus) drummer from Gernany.
Imarti Devi, the Congress leader, was elected from Dabra Assembly constituency and is a three-time MLA from Madhya Pradesh.
He added that the MGMP has been one of the most successful programs because it helps young people who are talented in music.
This statement has remained in force to date and has not been implemented.
It is learned that at the time of the earthquake, all three persons were sleeping inside the house of Bah Rishai Khongdup at Umniahli.
In his speech, he said that he as the BLOs have tried their best to visit the villages and homes of the voters to explain to them about the voting and how to vote especially those who still new.
"“To simply protest is not the right way to say to your Government or to express to the Government your views on this matter and I hope we don’t see any incidents that have can come out because at the end of the day the Government and including the Opposition should act responsibly," she said.
Tomorrow, Sailung Ialong will play against Shangpung Lumiawmushai.
wai-ly-wai : which cannot be used to speak the language of the paid collection.
Three people from Uttar Pradesh have stolen the signature of Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and withdrawn money from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund.
There is a suspicion that it may have been the hands of the GNLA, who planted the bomb.
It is to be recalled that since the company of Thomas Nongtdu took over the Toll Plaza, only Khasi youths have been employed, but after Thomas Nongtdu lost the management, it has been recruited. to run this new company, has caused the Khasi youth to be expelled.
The Union also requested the PHE department to release the money from the Variable Dearness Allowance (VDA) for the casual employees of the PHE department. It is not only in the PHE Mawphlang Division but in the PHE department in the state as a whole.
Then began her torture, in which she was imprisoned for nine years.
The management of the company said that the coal which has already been stored, is still enough to burn for about 10 months.
She said the state government has demolished the bridge at Mot Phran to beautify it and the work is still ongoing.
Let us hope that the voters of Shella constituency will not be like that and it is wrong to apply for votes and money.
The arrested were identified as Raju Devnath, 33, Mahadev Satrodhar, 35, Narayan Acharjee, 40 and Apu Saha, Kokata, T.10,000 tyngka was seized from the body of these four persons.
When talking about the nation and the many problems it faces, it is really difficult to think because it is impossible to escape from having to fight against the violence of foreigners or the works and activities of the government which affects the villagers who are the flesh and blood of the Jaidbynriew.
The recognition as a model village has been a great blessing to the residents, as all the government departments will look forward to further development in all aspects.
Prestone said he has not received any information whether the HPC has responded to the proposal submitted by the government through the Urban Affairs Department on the proposal to relocate the HPC. I'm going to this bag.
You should inform the police about what happened so that the law enforcement agencies can take the necessary action...” said the mother.
During the raid, a large quantity of Ganja was seized from various places.
The match will go to the semifinal where the result of the matches on the 4th will decide.
The Minister said that the State Government has received between Rs 34 crore out of the amount of Rs 163 crore and the amount has already been distributed to the students.
And upon the cross was written, JESUS ​​OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS” John 19:1
And the final destruction of Jerusalem by fire and the destruction of the Temple (the first Temple) happened in 586 B.C. The Law came after Daniel to prophets like Ezra, Nehemiah, Zechariah, Haggai. and Malachi.
The DC has directed the vendors not to sell overpriced or hide beverages.
The UDP MLA from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, on July 1, 2013, held a public hearing on the Reservation Policy. Nongpoh and other parts of Ri Bhoi district.
Process's interview with KHNAM leader Pyndap Saibon did not end there, but also turned back to the time when Paul Lyngdoh had a plan to leave KHNAM to join the KHNAM. UDP, however, said that Pyndap did not allow because he knew that if he joined the UDP, he would not get a ticket to contest from Mawlai, because there is no MDC Embhah Syiemlieh. “In fact, I don't want to speak against or name KHNAM, but because he has shown himself to be a street child, I don't want to be a street child. bu-aid, I'm not a person who drinks alcohol, I'm not a person who rides a car to cheer inside the car, I'm a person of respect, but I can't say,” said Bah Process T Sawkmie. He said that on his part, he doesn't care if he sleeps peacefully, because he believes that politics is a small thing and because he has been a great leader, and he said that in politics there are no enemies. shirt or a shirtless friend.
The CSWO said that T.21 crore has been allocated for the construction of the same road this year under the Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) scheme with the intention of improving but without pushing anything for the deterioration of the road. T.10 crore has been spent in two years.
We accuse them of polluting the house of shetja or karma thiah.
“We will look into this and wait for a while,” he said.
However, sometimes the ANMs come to give injections in the village, said the elders and longkmie.
Meghalaya is also in Group 2 in the women's category, along with Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim.
They are a kind of tree.
“The media has also reported on various incidents and this helps the NCPCR to take action when there is any violation of the rights of children,” she said.
Bah Jemino Mawthoh said that the threat has already existed and is not going to happen and he was talking about the influx of mynder in the state. Others who took part in supporting the resolution introduced by Bah Ardent and expressed the need to implement the ILP immediately in the state included John Lessly, Embhah B Syiemlieh. , Waiting Mawsor, PK Pangniang, James K Sangma, Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Dr. Donkupar Roy.
In fact, there was a plan by the government to revive the factory and hand it over to companies to work with the state government through a Joint Venture but this has not happened till date.
If we do not do so, we deny the grace and love of God who has given us a supernatural mind that completely distinguishes man from animals.
“Speaking on the double-engine government of the BJP, he said that the BJP has not done anything for the state.
Sangma said the BJP leaders knew that the people of the state would not support the BJP at all and therefore, they were very clever and created a They are now working well through this scheme.
The media will not publish unproven allegations about any candidate or political party.
Former Rev. K. Langrin.
Similarly, PMKSKs are central hubs for information, sharing of information on agricultural products and Government schemes.
“We have not even received the salary for the Financial Year 2021-22, that is, for the months of June and October 2022, which should have been released before the Financial Year 2022-2
“On the Congress candidate Vincent H Pala, Robertjune said that the failure of the state to implement the Innerline Permit (ILP) in the state is due to the lack of attention of the MP. State.
Among the dead, 57 doctors, nurses and 27 ambulance vehicles were destroyed and 122 families were killed.
The HYC has been working hard to conduct raids on drug trafficking areas around Shillong in the past few days and has arrested many persons. people who are traffickers and users of drugs.
However, now that there has been opposition from many sides, the opposition has begun to retreat, when they understand what will happen to this boundary arrangement.
Why forget the politicians and political leaders who have been accused of corruption if they turn their backs and join hands with the ruling party? Now it is the BJP and in the coming days it may become another political party.
Israel meanwhile confirmed that explosives and ammunition belonging to Hamas militants were recovered from a hospital in Gaza.
Conrad said the government is determined to bring about inclusive development and hopes that Balajiedkupar will be able to work better with the government.
Active Pator said he asked for his residence and job in Kerala, where according to the foreigner, he said he lives in Balat village, which falls under the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, but he went to work in Kerala to work in a hotel in the state.
“If the people involved in the peace talks are harassed by the police, who will trust the government authorities if the HNLC comes back for the peace talks?” said Bah Saiñkupar. He added that the truth is revealed by the government's shooting death of Bah Cherish who tried to bring peace in the state.
Police said that members of the group have many targets and plans to attack inside the country and at this time they are planning to attack the Jewish area first.
He said that the completion of this important project will greatly assist the police force in curbing the spread of drugs, theft and peace and order.
Chiehruhphi SYWSC beat Sonapyrdi FC 2-1
Speaking on the occasion, Justice Aftab Hussain Saikia said that the Human Rights Day is celebrated every year on 10th November and this year 2022 is the 75th Anniversary of the Human Rights Day. the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) since its inception in
Principal Conservator of Forest (Biodiversity & Wildlife) and Chief Wildlife Warden SM Sahai, IFS was the chief guest along with PK Agrahari, IFS. and symbol congress.
As of the 2nd of this month, there are 46 government health centres, 67 home hospitals and 16 lockdown centers with deaths in the state. they accounted for 1.06 percent of the total number of cases.
Jowai, Lber 01: The DC of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya IAS today issued an order regarding the vendors along the footpaths around the district. Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“In fact, I have brought many benefits to the people. According to my ability, the amount of money I have already donated to the people is Rs.60.91.000/- lakh for development. Rs.31.18.000/- lakh for individual development and Rs.31.09.000/- lakh,” said Ma Lynta.
The award was also presented to Bah Remistar Marthong as the best costume designer while in the women's category, Kong Ibansara C Shylla was awarded the prize.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi suddenly announced on 8th November that T.1000 and T.500 notes are no longer in circulation and all should be exchanged to banks.
AIS SujaThere is no resurrection of the dead.
From this morgue, 21 people have been tested and 13 have tested positive.
Many youths have started various activities, but due to lack of assistance they have found it difficult to meet the demand.
The march was attended by parents, youth of the village, school children with placards condemning the robber and slogans demanding the rights of the victims. was raped by a thief.
The construction of the road in some parts of Jowai has been slow and in many parts the repair or filling of potholes in bad places has been done improperly.
“This campaign will start from the 6th of July and will last for two months until the 20th of this month,” said the Chairman of JACATAM, Bah ED Nongsiang. This was announced after the opening of the meeting held at Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School Shillong.
The people living in this area are facing difficulties as there is no road connecting them to parts of the state.
He said that if the Prime Minister gives the opportunity to continue the PHE department as Samlin Malngiang, Renikton will follow up on the work of delivering water to every household. , through the JJM Scheme as this is the main objective of the State Government and the Central Government.
Armstrong Dhar scored the first goal in the 4th minute of the first half while Aiban Lamare scored the second goal for Nangbah Khloopano. Teiban Lamare scored the third goal in the 57th minute.
As part of considering Karnataka's concerns, the CWMA has ordered the release of only 5,000 cusecs of water.
To protect one's boundaries, land ownership, family, culture, religion, deity, income economy, linguistics, employment, literacy, economic development and to prevent the influx of foreigners. some of the struggles are ahead.
The Co Chairman, Vice Chairman and Member do not pay anything, not even the TA and Sitting Allowance.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the people can take a decision on the MDA government by reading the book “Meghalaya On the Move” released today. He said this on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of the MDA government.
“I'm sorry, father, that you intend to do this, especially to the poor and needy,” said the mother. “I'll wait until that time,” said the mother. “Before the New Year, I'll get it,” said the father. I don't think it's right for God to know that and not for men,” explained the father.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Shillong Club Ltd., which is operated by foreigners, has not received a trading license from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation
It is believed that this visit to the cow's milk will bring good health and protect the children from various diseases.
The countries to which India exports are the UAE, Nepal, Saudi Arabia, Libya, Oman, Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen, UK and USA. Buckwheat.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has launched the Roster System at a meeting held on Tuesday to explain the calculation of the allocation under the Reservation Policy. The meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) and political parties will be held soon.
Besides the speeches of the participants, there was also a discussion session where all those who attended the program could take part to ask their questions. you answer.
After the welcome speech by the Vice President Dr. TM Hynniewta, the new Adviser, Rgh NL Kurbah, welcomed the guests.
After 50 minutes, Bansuklang Bina had an attempt to score but was stopped by Rymbai goalkeeper Christopher Lyngdoh.
However, that does not mean that the Meghalaya government does not allow the Assam government to forcibly take away the land from our people who live near Assam.
The scholarship will be renewed for the next academic year until receipt of the renewal application through the National Scholarship Portal by submitting the Promotion Certificate received from the Heads of Institutions. read.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts, which has been blessed with the fertility of the soil in which a variety of crops can be grown. It is also important to encourage the farmers and to provide them with various assistance, so that they can improve their agriculture.
On the closing day of the show, all the members came to take part including Hamilton creator Lin Manuel Miranda and Sarah Brightman.
In the first innings, Khalsa Warriors scored only 146 runs for the loss of all wickets in 34.2 overs.
With this article I urge and advise the intellectuals of Bri u Hynniewtrep, who are well versed in writing in English (high meaning) that the spread of mistakes or shortcomings of fellow Khasi in the English newspapers is like spreading and sold the identity of his own nation before the French and all the non-Khasis around the world.
“The hard work of the previous government to showcase the good reputation of the state has gone to waste in this government which does not know how to run the government,” he said. myn yesterday.
The Trinamool Congress in the state has also been shocked especially by the appearance of one of the MPs from West Bengal to speak on the need to recognize and include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Constitution of the Country.
Of these four varieties which we can use for planting, the shylluit near the stems and branches are the best because they can produce soh faster, only about ten and a half years; but the shylluit took about two years.
In this Lyhuh there are all the pleasures and pleasures of the world, and there are also pains, sufferings and sorrows.
After independence, when India became a Sovereign Democratic Republic, with its own Constitution and the Sixth Schedule was introduced with the aim of protecting the rights, development of the people and the Government. Assam, which ruled the country of 40 Syiems and 12 Dolloi, for the sake of its rule, created another district, the District United Mikir (now Karbi-Anglong) and North Cachar Hills and In this new district, by forcibly tagged KHLIAH from Jowai Sub-division, part of the Elaka of Dolloi Raliang, part of Dolloi Shiliangmyntang, part of of the Dolloi of Nongjngi and the whole District of the Dolloi of Nongphyllut.
Remember, brothers and sisters, that you cannot escape from the law, but the law will search for you, even until you reach the grave, it doesn't matter. intelligent leaders are needed to protect the nation.
The issue of discussion here is on the exploitation of the village authorities by the people, with various rules, on the issue of preventing the spread of covid.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : The Integrated Farmer's Market Complex (IFMC) at Ampati, South West Garo Hills has turned into a disaster due to the lack of capacity of the Horticulture Department and the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. The District Council (GHADC) has not implemented it even after 47 months of its construction.
Do the Khasi Christians and the Khasi Catholics not say to Mary Magdalene “Hail Mary.
The people of Scotland have refused to separate from England, which has been in the same country for 307 years, in a sign of encouragement to Prime Minister David Cameron.
The final will be held on November 10, 2016 in Dimapur, Nagaland.
“But why three and four months before the elections you make baseless allegations.
Shillong: PFR Soccer Camp and Sunny Dale School in the 7 years category and PFR Soccer Camp together with Onside Football in the 10 years category have qualified for the final of the Nissan Junior Cup organized by Pay For Right Shillong. These teams have won the semi final match which was held at Shillong Public School Ground.
The unemployment of the youth is due to the fact that the educational system is non productive, the system does not teach the children to be productive. Coke factories, cement factories owned by Dkhars, almost all the large and small jobs have been taken over by foreigners because we are not those producers, the training in schools we receive is incomplete. functional illiteracy), parents who have a lot of money have to send their children to study abroad.
James K Sangma, Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, today announced that the government will purchase 10 lakh metric tonnes of rice at a cost of T.26 crore. , that the people should eat and that there should be no food shortage in the coming days.
The reason is that there are Polling Stations where the counting of votes can reach until 9 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister promised that the Government will provide all the necessary facilities for the treatment and Conrad also congratulated all the nurses and doctors who have worked hard to fight against this. He said that it is not easy to wear PPE 24 hours a day.
Three others have died from the injection, but the government has confirmed only one.
The students demanded that the government should repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill, 2013 and instead should introduce the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or any other law. a way to prevent and control the entry of foreigners into the state.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Ka KHNAM, although there is not a single MLA in the Legislative Assembly, has said that it cannot just watch what happened from a distance. There is a fear that this community could be overwhelmed at any time due to the illegal infiltration of mynder into this state.
Earlier, a 67-year-old man died of coronavirus in Surat.
The rulers of the kingdoms of the world do not know that but only those who believe and read the Word of God can see those mysteries.
Speaking to reporters, Paul said that the announcement issued by the State Government to the District Council is not clear, as it does not mention the word Autonomous District Council and The Notification also states that the residents can apply for permission to build houses either from the District Council or the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority. (YOUNG).
“I would like to thank all the people who have supported and participated in many public meetings organized by 'Iada La Ka Ri' across Meghalaya,” he added.
Speaking to media, ANWU President Bah Napoleon Mawphniang said that during the meeting with the Governor, the ANWU had the opportunity to express the grievances of more than 500 day laborers and contract workers at NEHU in Shillong and Tura.
Jowai, July 25: Several employees in Ri-Lum Jaintia today came forward to start a new union known as the All Jaintia Labor Union (ONGO). to register under the Meghalaya Societies Registration Act 1983 at the office of the Joint Registrar of Societies at Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District and this Union shall operate in all parts of the State.
“This foreign trade will benefit only a few wealthy people and will be a threat to the residents of the area if the disease spreads through traders entering and leaving the country. Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the meeting, CEM KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the meeting of the MDCs of the PDF held today discussed the need to change the certain sections of the 6th Schedule so that the final draft can be sent to propose amendments.
Greeting all the journalists of the state, the Governor said that the availability of the media is a way for the people to know and explain the human rights, as well as information on the work of the Legislative Assembly. , the courts as well as the government.
Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, extended his best wishes to Dasakhiatbha Lamare, for his health and strength, so that he can continue to work for the needs of the people in Mawhati Constituency and the state. hi all.
This insult to the rich people of our nation who have produced many patriotic songs and who have appeared all over the world in their songs.
“On the one hand, it cannot be said that the Meghalaya government has respected the status quo, which says that if the Meghalaya government invests in development works in the border villages, the Assam government should not interfere. and if Assam invests in development projects on the border, Meghalaya should not interfere”.
In this incident, a 7-year-old child sustained head injuries.
Infected plants raid; The leaves are smaller, the stalks are not long, and the branches are very small.
“The Khasi language is something that we as a nation want to recognize in the fifth grade, because we understand that if the Khasi language is recognized in the fifth grade, it will open the way for them. young people to get jobs," he said.
When the drinking was over, Bah Sokon stood on the ground and immediately looked at the garden which was filled with at least seven kinds of plants.
The Trinamool Congress is a party that speaks for the feelings of the people of Meghalaya,” he said.
The residents of Khaidong village have expressed their concern over the appearance of snow on the road and urged the PWD department to take action to inspect and repair the road for the safety of the people.
U Spiton KharakorThe First World War (1914-1918) ended on the 11th November 1918 at 11 am.
When asked whether the government knows whether they will accept the uniform fee, he said that even if the government pays the uniform fee, they will not accept it while the government employees are not wearing uniform. only.
With this approval, 15,700 Nursing graduates will be trained annually.
In a place where there is a lot of heat or a lot of cold, you cannot expect to have any life.
After receiving the complaint, police have registered a case at Sadar PS Shillong under Case No.39(2)14 u/s 364(A)/506 IPC and launched an investigation. A Special Investigation Team (SIT) has been set up under the supervision of Bah Vivek Syiem, MPS, Superintendent of Police (City), Shillong.
Instinct : the instinct is the snap of the self; thuh is the one who hears in the load.
She said that the Jowai Municipal has already conducted training programs in all the villages in Jowai and in 17 schools.
Three other Congress MDCs who have resigned from the party are Antonio War, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Albinus Lyngdoh, Victor Ranee and Hadrain Lyngdoh.
In the Under-14 Boys category, KB Memorial Secondary School, Wapung beat Chiehruphi Secondary School 3-1 by a tie breaker.
Marwein and Nongtraw said the HNLC has already held talks with the Indian government on working hard to maintain peace and stability in the state.
Not all 2 of them are kwator, one is from Bataw.
Jowai, July 15: As the days and months of the Behdeinkhlam Festival in the Raij of Jowai are approaching, the religious servants of the Raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan together with the children of the participating kurs have arrived. In the religious activities, they were involved in the performance of various rituals or sacrifices which were in accordance with the religious rules which had been established since the beginning of the Raij ka Shnong.
Speaking to reporters, Diblestar Myrthong President SPTS, said that they have sent a letter to the DC's office to allow them to earn or to give them an odd and even number. However, until now, it has been three months since the election was held.
They understand better (than their parents) how global warming will only bring poverty and suffering in their homes, in agriculture. and in all directions.
You cannot take stingy the understanding of the people and when the people take decisions and answers, all those political parties will fail.
A soldier in Ladakh has been confirmed positive for the virus and is the first soldier to be infected.
This project, which has 17 pages, besides 25 pages of other sections, shows and shows pictures of trees, which requires the construction of 6846 villages in the villages, by distributing them. drones, unmanned aerial vehicles and CORS networks (Continuous Operating Reference System) and others.
And if the Lord Jesus had not humbled Himself and disobeyed, we would have remained people bound by SIN and without hope.
Shillong: U Haradhan Mahanta, has lodged a complaint with the police, that on 24th November 2019, at 2 pm, about 20 robbers broke into his house, seven of them with a knife. They looted gold, silver and cash worth T.1,90,000/-.
If the government says, to come to the village to buy the agricultural products of the farmers because this world is like this ahh it has been a great benefit and joy to the people of the state as a whole especially to you sorlar.
The suspect was identified as Brikson Kharkongor, 42, son of Charles Nongkhlaw, Baniun, Upper Shillong.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that his government is not poor enough to build top roads which will attract even the youth to walk on romantic roads. ).
In the opening match between Puriang and Nongkhroh Mawsiang, Puriang won the tie-breaker 6-5 after the match ended in a 0-0 draw.
Which doctor should come to see this place where there are victims? Has the DC appointed a doctor to look after these victims? In Shillong, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare visited the quarantine facility after three days.
Changes always come as the time demands.
Replying to the claim of the Prime Minister that if the government implements the teachers, the government will have to spend hundreds of crores of rupees, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, said that this is wrong because the cost will not exceed to 152 crore.
The District Task Force on Intensified Mission Indradanush under the leadership of Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, has held a meeting with the health workers and other departments. Government works at Circuit House with the aim of reducing child mortality through vaccination for children under 0 to 5 years and also for poor mothers under the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 5.0 Round from 11th to 15th November, 2023.
The decision was approved and praised by Pranab Mukherjee, President of India, all the Speakers as well as the people of India.
The complaint is to demand that the law enforcement agencies should investigate and arrest all those involved in the murder of the youth.
Sharma strongly criticized Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the violence in Manipur.
The children of Niamtre also dance in all the places of worship in Iawmusiang.
The struggle of the Jaidbynriew to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule is very important but its need is not more than one need because this is the need to enrich the Khasi Language. of the Nation.
He said that the investigation by the state government department will not be reliable as the prime minister is in charge of them.
The Congress government should not be corrupt or biased in calling for talks with the HNLC, because the loss will be to Meghalaya itself as the income has declined sharply.
Nongsder Village has 6 Dongs and is a large village with clean communities.
The CM also informed that if the North East moves forward, it will also contribute to the country's goal of increasing the income of the country as a whole.
Shillong, July 29: The price of rice has risen to T.1200 per kilo in the market.
Nongstoiñ, June 27: The Tynghor Secondary School was inaugurated on 3rd July 2014 and is one of the projects to shape the education for the children of the people of 19 villages. don't have this area.
Samla Donaldson said that the manager has given the reason that the network failure is due to the construction of the road where most of the wires have been cut off by the collapse of the road.
Shillong, March 20, 2013 : The Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait Youth Association (Kur) will honor those who have passed the Merit List in any Board or University Examination as well as those who have passed MCS, IAS, PhD and those who have passed the Merit List. position in any sport at the State or National level; that is, from 2019 to
They also said that the talks have not come to fruition because the managers of the Nepali market have said that they cannot do anything else, because they have already trained them. They have written to the Assam government that the market will be held on Tuesday.
However, we have to help the family of this Jaguli.
Army officials said the injured were rushed to a hospital in the area where they are still undergoing treatment. get power.
On the other hand, the Minister also congratulated the MLA of Nongstoiñ, who has been able to see all these things happen and succeed in this country. region.
The arrested were identified as Bipul Daimary, 23, of Hastinapur of Tamulpur Sub Division, Assam and Roghu Ramchiary of Goybari of Assam.
On the other hand, this reporter on the 8th June 2023, after receiving information that the traffic jam which started from 9 meters onwards and which has affected many passengers, went to inquire regarding this. and the problems they face if this happens from time to time.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Non-bonded youths who have passed nurses have demanded that the government should temporarily suspend the recruitment process. I didn't even take the exam.
“In his speech at the awarding ceremony, Dhankar told the youth that they should be tolerant of others.
He said that he was arrested for nothing but for the sake of hatred for the village. “I have done nothing wrong, it is just for the hatred of the village and the working methods. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate inside the village with the intention of causing trouble especially as the 2018 elections are approaching,” he said.
If we take and look at the needs of the state, even if we give another Rs 10,000 crore, it will not change or meet all the needs of the state.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that one person has lost his life in this incident. To extinguish the flames, the police had to use File Balls.
The WAM has worked hard to expedite the selection of the players before conducting a coaching camp for those who have been selected.
The preparations for one of the biggest and most famous festivals in the state, the Shad and Pomblang of the Hima Khyrim to be held on the 6th-7th of November 2022, have started with the to complete the Phing Phlang and today on the 17th March 2022, the residents of Smit from the elders and youths have come out in order to complete the duty to cover the house. sunon, which at present has been covered or covered, is the western part of this sunon house.
Conrad was sworn in by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Dr. Donkupar Roy. He was accompanied by Government Ministers including the Second Prime Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Water Affairs and Samlin Malngiang, Minister of Tourism Metbah Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Education Lahkmen Rymbui, Congress MLA from Mawlai Process T Sawkmie and others. .
Nongpoh: A house in Umran Dairy village in Ri Bhoi District, has been destroyed by a fire, after it was found by youths and residents, who went to help extinguish the fire. The fire broke out and threatened to destroy the house.
He went and looked for those plants as he had been told in the dream and when he found those plants he began to give medicine, first to the sick in the village and when he When he saw that the medicinal plants he gave helped people to get healthy, he decided to open a pharmacy.
Information and Broadcasting Minister Anurag Thakur said the allocation for the scheme for the next five years has been T.11.8 lakh crore.
Therefore, the MDC elections will be a test for the VPP to win the trust of the people and also a test for the UDP and other ethnic parties to see how well the people know how to respond to them.
The main reason is that since the outbreak of COVID-19, parents have to give their children mobile phones to do online classes. of the study.
He said that in each of these three polytechnics, 2500 students from the state and other states of the North East will be admitted for training.
The reasons are due to corruption at all levels of the management and implementation of various government schemes.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur, 16: The BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, South West Khasi Hills District through the Block Mission Management Unit (BMMU), MSRLS/NRLM, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block in collaboration with Banïengskhem VO, Kyntiewshaphrang VO and Ïahtrelum VO today conducted a training program on how to prevent drugs, alcohol, child marriage and also enrollment in government schemes. The program was held at the Dorbar Hall, Jakrem.
In the semi final between OM Roy Memorial High School and OM Roy Memorial High School which was held at Madan Heh, Mawlai, the match ended in a draw. These two teams will play on penalties to decide the winner.
“Therefore, we have already written to the District Council to amend and strengthen this Act and to make it clear that only Khasi have the right to vote in the District Council;  so that if you don't appeal to the court, you won't die.
In the past few years, Meghalaya has experienced two differences.
If you don't, you'll give more and more wealth to the woman.
Nongshken constituency is led by PDF MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri.
The program was opened with a welcome speech by Bah H.Sungoh, Farm Manager, KVK, West Khasi Hills.
The RKSK is a scheme for children and young people which is designed to teach them to eat healthy foods, to improve their health and to avoid bad habits and others. and to train the youth to become the beneficiaries of society.
At the same time, the UDP urges the people not to join the national parties which are more concerned only with votes, not for the welfare of the indigenous people in the state.
Banpynshngain Shyng-wan, who took part in the 50 M freestyle (men), also won the title of 'fastest swimmer' the whole competition.
Look at the example of those Frenchmen who came to witness the Niam Behdeiñkhlam. The seiñraij Jowai fought together without discrimination and he did not preach the religion even though he was a Frenchman.
He is currently fighting for the establishment of PHCs in Mawlangsu, Langpih, Tynghor, Langdongdai and Malangkona and that the existing PHCs should be upgraded to CHC status. you don't have a Sub-Centre.
About 8,000 commercial vehicles in Khasi and Jaintia Hills will take part in the flag raising ceremony on the 11th of this month.
Unlike other foreign festivals, such as Lollapalooza, the Cherry Blossom Festival did not have only one stage, two stages, but up to three stages.
Shillong, Naiur 12: Although there are three days left for the deadline for the purchase and registration of candidates for Congress tickets, the Umroi MLA and other MLAs who have been removed from the Congress have been elected. The Block Congress has not yet bought tickets.
This was stated by Bah Gavin, who won the MLA election 2018 from the PDF and is preparing to be re-elected in 2023, while talking to media after the filing of nomination papers on the 3rd of this month. June, 2023 at the office of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division in the presence of his supporters and the PDF from all over the constituency.
Khliehriat November 03: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPP) has sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police (IPS), Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, urging the Superintendent of Police (IPS) to take action. to inspect and search vehicles for drivers without driving licences.
He said the baby league is the largest in India, with more than 1300 games completed within six months and 1200 young players registered.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 22: Before the election for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), some of the residents of four polling stations have expressed their demand for the return of these four polling stations. polling station sha Nongstoiñ constituency.
Khliehriat Lber 30: The MPUF, EJHD, has demanded a No-Entry for heavy vehicles on the roads in the district so that it will not endanger the school children in the morning before school and during the school holidays. water school.
One of the worst incidents has happened in Lower Lumparing where five people have lost their lives.
and he was the son of Kharbani.
Another lake, which used to be the main source of water for Tamil Nadu, is the Porur Lake, which has also started to dry up in recent days.
The Civil Services Examination is for the purpose of selecting candidates for the positions of IAS, IFS and Central Services, Group A and Group B. There were 933 candidates whom the UPSC has qualified to send to the Central Government for appointment.
We demand that KHADC/JHADC should write to all these offices of the Government of India that they have to confirm the trade license and not to award tender to non-tribals.
Why is it called that? Why did you choose this name? Why was it necessary for the 'organisation' to give freedom to the villagers? What is the village? Initially, the members are from the rural areas, Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
He said he hopes that the government will turn its attention to this issue by introducing a Film Policy and also to build a cinema to screen Khasi films. .
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday met with the Director of NEIGHRIMS Dr. Nalin Mehta to express the concern of the students who have to write examinations abroad for vacancies in the state. this is the hospital.
Conrad was speaking after leaders of the opposition, TMC and other leaders demanded that the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to resign, following the incident that happened in Mukroh, on the morning of 22nd November,
The UP Warriors will be led by Australian star Alyssa Healy, who has won five T20 World Cups.
In the letter, the two organizations said that they have received accurate information that the government through the PWD (Roads) department has already called an E-Tender for the Pasyih-Garampani road on 20th July The construction of this road which has a length of 26.982 km at a cost of Rs 66,70,33,300.00 has not yet started under the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project.
I feel that they should wait on this because it is not easy for the government to dismiss all these cases especially if they have been chargesheeted and tried in the courts because once the chargesheet is complete it is complete. in the decision of the court,” said Bah Kharkrang.
The NPP is fortunate to have 16 MLAs from Garo Hills.
Since then, on 16th July 2016, her relatives have arranged that the house and farm will belong to her husband and two children and Regina has no share. In 2019, Regina returned to the village with her new husband, who is now living in the village. The family and the community have not yet recognized each other.
The General Council of the UDP in its opinion will not have any problems in this regard.
Furthermore, the forgetfulness to strengthen the borders around the State has resulted in a huge loss of land in the border areas,” said Bah Ardent.
He urged all the 30 trainees to be diligent and persistent, he expected that after this training, they will be able to support and start their own businesses according to the skills they have acquired in the field of sewing. , making crafts and dried flowers.
He said that the authorities are investigating the ownership of these pharmacies and the VHAM has shown that the money was paid to Korder Chyrmang but they have not found the money. They found only one pharmacy named M/s K.Chyrmang 12 Doloi Pharmacy which is believed to be owned by this person. The pharmacy is owned by N.Khonglah.
Awesa G Momin (1/27), Suriti Kumari Ray (1/33) and Neelam Roy (1/54) also took wickets for Meghalaya.
She further explained, “we understand that there is a deviation from the rules of law.
The ability to eat varies from person to person.
The BJP has clarified all these allegations but many have not listened.
The KSU has decided to continue the two night curfew on the 4th and 5th of this month from 7 pm to 5 pm in the district. The government is still planning to call a 24 hour curfew, which will be announced after the end of the night curfew.
Shillong, Nailar, 19: With the aim of making it easier for the people to reach their destinations faster due to the heavy traffic jam in Shillong, the JETS24x7, which was launched by several Several Khasi youths on Saturday launched an e-scooty to earn money using the Mobile App.
Speaking before leaving for Delhi today, Dr Mukul said, “My seat is strong and has not moved”.
Thrang Iakai scored the first goal for Chilliangraij in the 55th minute.
“I request my brother to help me and give me advice on how to eradicate crime in Garo Hills,” she said.
Marak said strict action should be taken against leaders who incite bloodshed and hatred against any ethnic group.
It was through this opportunity that Jalapang scored the most goal and reached the quarter-finals.
Conrad Sangma's railway without ILP, think about it.
The bodyguard of Manipur Chief Minister Conrad Sangma has shot himself dead at a hotel where he was staying overnight.
On behalf of the family, we don't have anything to give or repay you. Please take or receive these words of greeting. May God bless you.
He received a reply that the government has already built and brought in a new transformer and this was acknowledged by the students of the school, who phoned and thanked him for his help.
On Saturday, 13th July, the elders of Mawsiangbah village together with this reporter, went down to see the beauty of the valley and when they reached near the place, they found that there is a a house where people stayed overnight for months and months.
Brief speeches were delivered by Piwel Shylla, Acting President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Ma Pheinlang Siangshai, Vice President of Khliehriat Block Congress Committee and Ma Deibormi Syad.
In the Badminton group event, Assam will play the final against Arunachal Pradesh on Saturday at 4 pm.
In terms of other aspects, there are other issues with landowners and although work has proceeded in undisputed areas, it does not appear that any aspects have been suitable to further the or to perform the duties that should be performed.
Meanwhile, the Chairman of the party, Rimpu Marak, has alleged that the Chief Minister has nothing to do with the party and has alleged that Ajaju has been spreading the news through The letter to the journalists has disappeared and he has nothing to do with the party.
After witnessing this plight, the KSU has decided to take responsibility for providing assistance to this family like other poor families.
However, this time, everything has turned upside down because the election campaign has been very busy with allegations, comments and explanations.
The 9-year-old Ripynskhem Papeng is still alive with his 2-year-old brother Ardaban Papeng. They are the children of Pdiang Pakem and u Ripynskhem Papeng. even Darling Correct.
The UDP has set a deadline of five days for the HSPDP to replace Bah Ardent from the post of leader and elect another one. more to work with him.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inaugurated the 7.5 Megawatt unit of the 22.5 Megawatt Ganol Hydro Power Project on 4th July
However, this operation of the police has put many people in fear and has increased the number of robbers.
The President of Nongpoh Circle, Samla Y Nongrum, said that the union has received many complaints from the residents who use electricity in their homes, which is the monthly electricity bill. increased from month to month and affecting the income of the people.
What good deeds do they not promise to do if they win and are in government?
The request for permission to land at Umroi came after the helicopter carrying Dr Mukul Sangma could not land at the helipad in Upper Shillong due to bad weather.
Then there were those who were sick and had to be taken to hospital.
Jhur, phan, sohlah, sohbaingon, presbin and others are not growing well anymore and the farmers have found it difficult to meet their needs and this has forced them to leave for farming. provide for the needs of the body.
This year has seen the strength of the people in their confidence in the foundation of democracy and the revival of the foundations of freedom.
Four former MLAs including HDR Lyngdoh (Sohiong), Dr Jemino Mawthoh (Nongthymmai), Luderberth Ch Momin (Kharkutta) and Remington Pyngrope (Mawkynrew) are also in the first list.
The decision was taken by HS Thangkhiew and W Diengdoh, both judges of the Meghalaya High Court, in a video conference with members of the Meghalaya High Court. Meghalaya High Court Bar Association.
Lumborlang Marbaniang, 49, of Lower Mawprem, was admitted to Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong on 29-05-2 Baphiralin Lyngdoh, 43, of Mawlai Mawbatbaki, was admitted to Shillong on 24-05-2021. She died on 29-05-2 Diamondstone Lyngdoh, 61, of Lyngkyrdem Pynursla, died at Woodland Hospital Shillong on 13-05-2 Maljila Ch Sangma, 43, of Mawpun Golflink was admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 24-05-2 Bines Tongper, 53, of Lailad Umling, Ri Bhoi, was admitted to Dr.HG Roberts Hospital Shillong on 22-05-2 Akum Laitphlang, 50, of Mission Compound Mawkhar, was admitted to Shillong on 26-05-2021. He died on 28-05-2 Rajesh Chaudhary, 53, IGP Shillong, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 12-05-2 -19 Positive with co-morbidities Suroju Nath, 75 of Rilbong was admitted to Military Hospital Shillong on 21-05-2021. He died on 29-05-2 Shidalin Shabong, 60, of Laitlyngkot, was admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 23-05-2021. She died on 30-05-2 -05-2021Manik Sonowal, 64 of Chandmary WGHA was taken to Tura Civil Hospital and died on 28-05-2 .
To listen to others who say that I left late, I didn't contest the election.
Shillong, July 13 : The MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has convened a special meeting to discuss the implementation of the Smart City scheme and the installation of CCTV cameras across the constituency.
The Symbud Waheh Shnong was elected as Ma Faires Pohshna. In addition, the members of the Executive Body including Khlur Pohlong as Secretary, Bujli Sumer as Assistant Secretary and Stephan Chadong as Finance Secretary.
Before the start of the Kopati Puja Raij Raliang, all the children of the Raij of the village gathered the rice from the lyngkha risa with the Nguh ka dem Blei to bring the rice safely to their homes to complete the rice. Therefore, the Raij has been singing the ksing and dhah in the village as a sign that the Kopati Puja has arrived. All the youths have played the ksing. Every evening they played the bomb, and they did a lot of work in teaching Mastieh at the house of the Lyngdoh (Raij's house) and the Wamon, so that they could be good at Mastieh that day.
Shillong, November 04: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Party (VPP) on Tuesday slammed those who have criticized the party for its protest to amend the reservation policy.
Bah Alos, accompanied by Bah Rojen Sten and others, said that there will also be a drawing for school children, a marathon for children and under 60 years of age.
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titostarwell Chyne today addressed the issues raised in the House on the release of electricity from the landfill. He said that the Council stands firm on the ground that it will not issue the NOC for the mining of uranium in this area.
He said the ban on coal mining is after the NGT has issued an order ban ban the mining of shyiap in the state since 2013 and the High Court has overturned the decision of the NGT. to ban shyiap mining and has allowed mining only by human power, no longer by the use of machinery.
Nongstoin, March 3: The FKJGP Rambrai Circle under the leadership of its President and General Secretary has arrested three foreigners from Nongkroh Rambrai village with village certificates of Mawthaw village.
Shillong, March 22: The UDP Women's Wing Mylliem Constituency on the 19th of this month has honored 43 students from the constituency who passed the 1st Division examinations in the SSLC, CBSE and ICSE examinations. Sohra MLA Titoss Chyne was the chief guest and Hamlet Dohling was the chief guest.
According to a statement issued by the Rangbah Shnong, the mission has urged all the residents, offices/schools/hostels and shopkeepers in shopping complexes and other places to leave the village in order from the mission. time is not set.
However, the village has not allowed the union to burn the body in the village, even though the union has received the necessary documents and the NOC from the village. Maximus Nongphud, former Sordar of Sylleiawkheiñ.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: About 30 employees of the Meghalaya High Court have gathered in front of the High Court at 10 pm to hold a sudden unannounced protest. They said that the protest was due to the suspension of one of their fellow employees, B.Nongbri, who was temporarily suspended by the court yesterday.
The police have worked hard to curb crime especially drug abuse and the police want to ensure that the elections to the Legislative Assembly will be smooth and orderly.
Speeches were delivered by Emki Shylla, President Wahiajer Unit, Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary West Jaintia Hills District Unit and Phrangki Kyndait, Organizing Secretary of FKGJP. Body blessed the youth to continue to stand forward in achieving the fruits of victory.
He said that the government should be surprised by the general election, which is only a few months away and if the government does not implement it before 2023, then when will it implement it? Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the members of the State Legislative Assembly should be able to speak Khasi and Garo. change these two words.
Dr R Laloo District Malaria Officer, in his speech, said that the number of malaria cases has dropped from 3500 cases in 2015 to 35 cases in
The First Aid-cum-Guide Course 2022 was concluded with the distribution of certificates to all the participants in the presence of Bah Ïohbanteilang Marweiñ, Secretary. The SWKHD-RC&MA with its male and female participants.
Students no longer have respect for their teachers, as they should.
How much more so if we look at this beloved country of ours around the world filled with the blessings that God has bestowed upon us. His laws should rule righteously, not corruptly, not corruptly, how great a blessing it is and maybe if there is that righteousness, fairness, cleanliness, this beloved Khasi country will be one. from the richest states in India.
The founders of the Seng Khasi were truly intelligent, knowledgeable and supporters of the spirit of patriotism to protect their own Hynniewtrep people.
Many issues affecting the state were discussed at the meeting, as well as to strengthen the party.
On this issue, we will work together with the Government officials without any hesitation.
The NRC should also be implemented like Assam.
The Government of India earns T.19.48 per liter from petrol, T.15.33 per liter from diesel and then the Value Added Tax (VAT) levied by the State Governments. in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, where a 6 percent tax on petrol and diesel has been imposed.
Speaking to Rupang, Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that the HYC is ready to provide volunteers or members of the HYC if the KHADC needs any. time for it to repeat such raids on illegal shops of foreigners.
The Bill will be discussed in more detail on the last day of the Session.
Fish traders or sellers should refrain from using chemicals or mixtures containing formalin at any time during transportation or storage of fish.
There was a Medical Checkup (General) and games for the disabled such as Musical Chair, Spoon Marble Race and others, where prizes were awarded to the participants.
In recent days, the HPC through its Secretary, Gurjit Singh, said that those who live in Them Ïew Mawlong, are those who have a history and are citizens of Meghalaya and not those who live illegally. .
In the match between Khimusniang and Nangbah Mulang, Nangbah Mulang played better and by the end of the match they beat Khimusniang 4-0
Police have warned those who drive motor cycles not to violate the rules of the law otherwise they will be fined.
Faith in the Word of God is very powerful.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The price of rice at the Dielang Market in Mawiong, operated by the Meghalaya State Agricultural Marketing Board (MSAMB), has risen to T.3 per foot.
Now we see that God has not only spoken by himself, nor by his angels, nor by the prophets, nor by his Son Jesus Christ, but God has spoken to us now by the Holy Spirit after and Jesus was taken up into heaven.
The rally started from the residence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh and ended at Muslim Square in Kyrbom where Bah Paul addressed the supporters before closing the rally. The UDP has signed a memorandum of understanding with the UDP until 27th June, 2023 which is the day when Meghalaya will elect new leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
After the news that Rishab Shetty will be one of the speakers at the UNHRC in Geneva, many have congratulated him as well as Kantara.
Therefore, the office has already fixed the dates from 4th to 6th October,
The skin makes food taste good, but eating enough is the most important thing.
The Assistant Drugs Controller, MI through a letter dated June 19, 2023 has informed the Pharmacist in-charge of the Central Medicine Store to dispose of the damaged medicines with the permission of the authorities. not above, the statement added.
Students and teachers find it difficult to use WhatsApp Group as a classroom because some people do not take advantage of the opportunity to spread their phone numbers.
“Many women say I drink wine but later they turn into swine,” said Bah Syngkon and urged men and women to live a knowledge of God and manners.
I admit that I was wrong and I have written to the SDSEO to remove my signature and seal from the child,” said Hajong.
Laban Area: NO ENTRY: Lawsohtun/CID quarter to Iew Bishnupur, Oxford Road to Railbong Beat House, Office Shillong Times to Railbong Beat House, Last Stop to Oxford Road, Harrison Bridge to Office Shillong Times, Batti Bazar to the Hari Sabha Puja Pandal, from MGCC to Oxford.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah expressed his gratitude to the MLAs for their willingness to work with the government to curb the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
He said the government has now turned its attention to the youth who have talent in sports and it is the duty of the youth to make the most of their talents, because only those youth. “Those who use their talents properly can achieve their goals and sports has become one of the sources of employment for the youth of the state,” he added.
He said he is confident that the Prime Minister's objectives for “Sahkar Se Samridhi” can be achieved.
However, besides Bah LG Nongsiej, there was another youth from the HSPDP who applied for ticket from Nongstoiñ. Hoping, who has been in the hands of Mr. Hoping for many years.
The yatra will pass through Amguri, Jorhat, Majuli, Dhemaji, Lakhimpur, Tezpur, Kaliabar, Nagaon, Guwahati, Hajo, Mukalmuwa, Senga, Barpeta, Howly, Sarbhog, Manikpur, Bongaigaon, Chapor, Bilasipara, Gauripur, Golakganj and Bakshirhat.
He said that anything that affects the people will not be done, but will seek the opinion and consensus.
Bun is the head of the palace.
There was also a visit to the homes of the beneficiaries of MHIS (State Scheme).
Codification- A law derived from the traditional customs and traditions to promote the development of legislation for the purpose of making full laws and implementing them in the society of the state.
“Expressing his regret, the Minister said that Meghalaya is the only state in the North East which does not have its own Medical College.
He said that it is a shame for the district and the state as a whole that the drug trafficking in the state has destroyed many young people. Ri Bhoi District has also ranked third in the highest number of drug users and drug traffickers.
Speaking on behalf of the students, Bah Synshar Lyngkhoi said that as students, they should put in their lives the spirit of competition because they are living in these days of competition. competition in various fields and if a student does not have that spirit, he becomes a thief in all these things especially in reading.
He also urged the Waheh Shnongs to come to the council to get the certificate to confirm their Waheh Shnong status and also to provide the boundaries of the villages to make it easier to fight for the land under dispute. .
Godown (Kudam) is not a Khrum store or set of equipment.
The event was attended by party leaders and political parties.
According to photographs published by the media, the shelves and containers of the shop were found empty and nothing else and scattered on the ground floor of the shop. after the robbers managed to flee the scene.
The decision was also sent to the Government of Dr. Mukul Sangma by the Secretary Bah Jopthiaw Lyngdoh IAS, who has worked hard to prepare the report.
The death toll has risen to
The winter morning came with a snowstorm.
On the other hand, the reason for this is that there is a shortage of dustbins in the rural and urban areas as well.
If we send for training in other lines of education, we still have to send them far outside the states in the country or abroad.
It was established in 1955 as the first Fruit Processing Factory in the North East at Fruit Garden on the premises of the Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya.
Bhola said a fire truck came and tried to extinguish the fire but as the fire was too hot, it burnt down the office building.
Shillong: On the night of 15th July 2021 at about 10:15 pm, four unidentified persons detonated two petrol bombs at the residence of the Prime Minister of Meghalaya. Conrad K Sangma, Upper Shillong, has been arrested.
It is learned that the family members of the suspected woman buried the body on the same day on the suspicion that the body had been left for a long time, without informing the police.
This has created fear and danger for the people who pass through the market especially at night.
Thank youI don't have anything else to say.
“There is a doubt as to when they will start the investigation because at present the government is still demanding from the central government to investigate by the CBI but until when it will start the investigation may take a long time.
“Therefore, in this upcoming election, the people have not yet accepted the TMC as the leaders think because it will take a long time for them to succeed in the state.
The soldiers were seen holding the flag of Israel and the flag of the Golani 13th Battalion.
Rani said the MCTA will continue its protest after the VC rejected the demand to cancel the notification.
Shillong: Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and PHE Minister Samlin Malngiang at a meeting in Tura. Shillong: The President of the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KHASA) spread information on the use of formalin to save fish and free them from the poisonous decay of fish for food.
The logo of Meghalaya at 50 was unveiled by the Chief Minister in the presence of Thomas A Sangma, Marcuise Marak, two MLAs and Gautam Bhattacharya. , who is the Deputy Head of Mission, Embassy of Sweden.
However, as the days go by, from the youngest to the youngest, they don't have the respect for the elderly.
I don't need to stand for election to get a petrol pump, I have enough jobs for myself but my progress is for the poor and needy people of the countryside especially those who work day and night.
He retired last year.
According to the residents, the Bolero was coming from Tiniang, with the intention of dropping off the students who are writing examinations at Mawlangdep, but on reaching the place, it was hit by the Bolero. the truck.
For this purpose, the state government has requested for another four months,” she said.
The notice also states that Henry Lalremsanga was arrested in 2013 for possession of smuggled drugs despite having a proper licence.
Railway Police have seized a large quantity of gold biscuits from the Rajdhani Express during a raid at Paltan Bazar Railway Station.
He said the Congress party is strong enough to bring about development because it is strong.
POLICY is an English word, which refers to the way and thinking of action, especially in the field of governance.
On this occasion, the HNYF also accepted the resignation of two of its members, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa and Kong Bety Jyrwa who have decided to return to the political party and from the HNYF. The party sends its best wishes to these two former members.
“This day is a special day for all, and all this is the wisdom of the Parish Priest Fr.V.Friding Kharsyiemiong who started and succeeded in gathering all the religious men and women who are I'm from this parish," he said.
Guwahati, March 31: The Union Minister in charge of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said that the Union Government has allocated about T.3 lakh crore in the last 10 years. for the construction of National Highways in the North Eastern States.
Several meat and fish shops have urged the public to bring tiffins or food.
Unfortunately, the government has not paid attention to this issue after Prof RC Laloo became Minister and took over the education department.
“I feel that all the MDCs need to unite for the cause of the district council.
Shillong, July 30: The Minister in charge of Meghalaya Information and Public Relations, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the newspapers are the eyes of the society and have a heavy responsibility for the welfare of the people. to improve the society.
“As a former member of the party, I am sorry to see the confusion within the HSPDP now, I am sorry to see that the HSPDP will have the same appearance as it used to be. “If the leaders understand, they should gather the people of the country to reach an understanding, otherwise it will lead to the flag raising,” said Bah LG Nongsiej. When asked what is his vision for the HSPDP as it is now and what is his vision for the current leader of the party, “I told you that if The party cannot gather together the people especially the old people who support and work hard for the party, which will lead to the flag raising in the coming years, Bah Ardent as the current leader. I don't know how he works because as soon as Maieit Hoping died, they expelled me from the party, but I know Bah Hoping well. He is a leader because I was in LG Jowai, June 6: A cow has been killed in the collapse of an electrical sign in Tuber Shohshrieh this morning. pull on the electricity until dead.
The wisdom of the household is the main cause of unemployment.
The doors were also locked, many of them were air-locked.
If the Government does not implement the Sports Policy immediately, the selection of 200 talented young men and women in various sports by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and the Sports Department will be postponed. Ian Campbell's visit to the state to select the players will end in a few minutes.
The six sites that have already been approved are Hahim, Gizang, Tarabari, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pillingkata and Ratacherra.
“We need to take action against the spread of Covid-19 because the world's leading university, John Hawkin University and Medicine, has announced that all The number of cases worldwide has risen to 2444,517, with more than 80,000 cases in China and 40,000 in Italy. The number of cases in China has risen sharply from 10,000 to 40,000 in a few days and the USA has reached 13,000 with 10,030 deaths, and more than 3,200 deaths in China. 86 thousand".
Surprisingly, the farmers in this area are not good at growing jhur, except for sohkhia and pathaw.
"There were many pilgrims who arrived in Jammu from their journey to Amarnath.
On the other hand, the JYF has strongly condemned the Rangbah Shnong of Khliehtyrshi, Kitbok Rymbai and also the Election Authorities for allowing these foreigners to register themselves in the E- The party will lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner Election WJH and also with the Chief Executive Member of JHADC regarding this illegal activity of the Rangbah Shnong and these foreigners.
In the second half of extra time, Messi scored Argentina's third goal.
These organizations met with Bah Shylla today to express their support for the KHAD (Second Amendment) Bill,
Wanniang who passed 1st class in the final year examination B.Sc.
“The District Council is facing a shortage of funds due to the ban on coal mining in the state and we expect the government to agree with the NGT to resolve this issue of the Council,” he said. said Pyrtuh while speaking on the budget which was introduced in the House today.
Among the countries of the world, India is recognized as one of the most prestigious countries as well as Meghalaya and especially the Khasi people are known as a nation that knows man and knows God.
MDA Minister Ma Lahkmen Rymbui will be the chief guest, SDO Amlarem JU Kharpuri and BDO Amlarem Dr Damut Lyngdoh will be the chief guest. Tenyson Ring.
The officers explained the various activities in the water treatment.
It was not a holiday and it was also in the morning, that is, before noon.
These include 40 from Hojai, 7 from Barpeta, 7 from Nagaon, 4 from Biswanath, 3 from Sonitpur, 2 from Karbi Anglong, 1 from Dibrugarh and Lakhimpur.
“We urge the government to talk to the central government to release this,” said KSU Education Secretary Donald V Thabah after a meeting with the Commissioner & Secretary in-charge of Education. DP Wahlang today.
The Transport Department has introduced many schemes and programs to improve transportation in the state.
The party also reminded Pala that during the Christmas program held at the residence of Prime Minister Narandra Modi, he proclaimed Jesus Christ and his teachings.
The militants were identified as Murad Abu Murad, commander of the air force, and Ali Qadhi, who was in charge of the fighting on the Gaza-Israel border. The Qadhi was shot dead, and the bomb was thrown.
The Guwahati High Court has helped to explain the boundary of the state under the Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act 1969, thus removing the myth that Meghalaya does not have a border. to sam.
He said the committee has already met once and will soon meet again to take a decision not only in Meghalaya but in other states as well.
“Look, there are people watching, they are surprised...” said the driver.
The couple, who have four children, have been living apart for several months since West announced his candidacy for the presidency.
In fact, the Chairman of the Committee, Bah Prestone, had requested the students to discuss the Bill in English but the students rejected the request of the Minister and insisted that it should be discussed in English. Khasi language and finally the Minister had to reject the demand of the youth to speak Khasi language.
Symptoms of prei-pynhiar disease Frequent soil erosion.
MILK FOODS:- Dairy foods are rich in Vitamin D and calcium and are very beneficial for bone health.
The event was attended by Cornelius Kharhunai President RBBA, Mercia Dohling Secretary RBBA, Dennis Marweiñ Assistant Secretary RBBA, Larry Kharpran Joint Secretary RBBA, Dondor Marweiñ Secretary MBA and others. members of the Ri Bhoi Boxing Association and the Meghalaya Boxing Association.
Rani earlier said that teachers of 22 colleges under the banner of MCTA have refused to take classes for the first semester under the NEP and have not taken any jobs. , such as preparing to set questions for the first semester courses under the new education policy.
“The Congress party is asking for votes, what is their honor, I am the Congress but they have expelled me from the party. they.
Since Modi, Stimac has also appealed to Sports Minister Anurag Thakur.
The CEM said he wants to gather all the retired lawyers, retired government officers and others.
It will be terrible to see how many thousands will be fooled by the promises of 3000/month, or 2000/month, promises to provide one job for each household! How can they get a source of income that is so rich that they can provide for every woman in the state, for all the youth, unemployed? what is your house ? How many young people are unemployed ? Why do you have to work ?  Do you have an answer to these questions? There are many young people who don't have a job because they don't want to work. There are many who want only a simple job, I don't know what kind of job it is.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the GSWSS-3 has been delayed for many reasons including lack of funds.
Out of the 19423 vaccinees aged 45 years and above, 15203 have received the 1st dose and 10362 have received the 2nd dose.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Dabaitbha Lamare congratulated the Shnong Nongthymmai for celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the village. It is clear that the past leaders have faced many difficulties and challenges to lead the village, but because they have that spirit of responsibility, the village has continued to grow with their efforts as such leaders. who have been involved since the foundation of the village and to the present leaders who have been involved in the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the village.
The condition of the village at this time was felt as in the Gospel account.
Noting that the production of fish in the State has increased by 1139 metric tonnes in 2023 to 19,374 metric tonnes, the Governor said that the State has reached the limit to reduce the import of fish from outside the State by introduce breeding facilities such as recirculating aquaculture systems and integrated cage culture.
I believe and hope that Meghalaya will get the first place in terms of beautiful places to visit not only in India but in the world.
According to sources, on the night of 14th July 2023 at Lower Mawpud, Ranikor Block, an incident occurred where the kitchen and well of Kong Jopcy Wanniang collapsed. and visited the school of Khlur Rit Govt.
Dr. Sangma said that the decision of the people was to have one government to replace the MDA, but the sad thing is that those who took part in the meeting, gradually began to disappear.
Many of the buildings near Pung Umïam have not been completed yet.
The Rangbah Hynniew Trep is the longkni of the brothers and sisters in the ingkur where the wealth and the rule of the kur is located.
Shillong, July: The State Women's Conference 2022 will be held on the 8th of this month at 10:30 am. morning at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that an inquiry has been sent into the disposal of uranium waste dumps in Domiasiat area.
“We will contest in all 29 MDC constituencies in the KHADC,” said Hamletson.
Speakers including Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of KSU Sohiong Circle and Pasbhalang Kharngi, Advisor of KSU Sohiong Circle gave a public explanation on the threat posed by KSU Sohiong Circle. The CAA 2019 has allowed Bangladeshi Hindus to enter Meghalaya through the 443 km long border and through Assam.
The floods have affected 11 districts of Assam where thousands of people are in dire straits as their crops have been destroyed and their homes have been destroyed. The worst affected areas are in Goalpara District.
The statement by one of the senior leaders of the Meghalaya government that the villages in Block II are within the border of Assam has encouraged and pleased the people of Assam.
The man ran to the house of his sister, Kong K.Nongbri to tell her what had happened.
Nongpoh, November 19: To continue to educate the public on the objectives of the Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra which was launched by the Government through the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the Central Bureau of Communication and Broadcasting today. The Government's 100th Anniversary of India's 100th anniversary of the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Government of India to have their own independence from the rule of the foreign country.
However, we see that the biggest problem that has blocked our path and especially those stake holders or land owners who do not have the right to speak or express their voice, and more and more we see that from public hearings, public consultations and public complaints that they can no longer raise the voice of the people or take a decision to oppose anything they do not agree or like with the intention or action of the government.
Also present on the occasion were Benjohnson Lyngdoh, President TMC Mawkyrwat Black, Bah Donbor Nongsiej, Vice President TMC Mawkyrwat Black. Ri War area is a village in South West Khasi Hills District.
The price of milk in wholesale shops should be T.12 per kilo while in retail shops it should be between T.14 and T. ten kilograms.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today addressed the Deputy Commissioners of various districts in the state, to get information on the damage to crops and houses due to the heavy rains. happened today, in many parts of the State.
“NPP members from Manipur have come forward to help.
Ukrainian President Zelensky on Sunday said that if Western countries join hands to provide strong support to Ukraine amid the war and struggle against Russia this year, Russia will not last long and will inevitably be defeated in Ukraine within this year.
Wasa Utd SCC beat Ialong SC 5-0 in the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
The 2nd prize of T.50,000 went to Johny Kharbukhi.
“I am only the chairman, I don't have the grade in the appointment of the government like the parliamentary secretaries,” said Bah Nongrum.
It is learned that the delay in the construction of these schools is also due to the difficulty in getting land.
This was stated by the President of the JSU, Bah Rikut.
Kyrshan Nongtdu scored the first goal for Byndihati SC in the 59th minute.
The family members have requested anyone who has seen or received information to inform the police or call the family members at 98568-23826, 87949-66056 and 87943-5
They sent their condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones and also wished that those who were injured will recover day by day.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has sent seven battalions of troops, including four battalions of CRP and two battalions of ITBP, to curb the clashes.
The Medical College has already acquired 99 acres of land and will be able to treat up to 500 patients and 100 doctoral students every year.
This honour, although it is small, is a sign of encouragement to them not to be discouraged but to fight even if they face difficulties, because if they work hard with determination they will reach straight to the thong.
CHAPTER 8 Peter got an old car and he enjoyed traveling compared to a scooty.
Laden was an American soldier who was shot dead not a Pakistani soldier. Thank you for your correction.
The stones in this place not only stand to beautify but have their own story to tell to future generations.
“As we have promised in the past five years, the UDP will not do anything to overthrow the government but will work with the MDA to strengthen the government so that it can serve the people,” he said. Metbah said that there will be no change after the UDP won the election in Sohiong Constituency.
“Although the members of the Association did not come to participate in the license inspection, the Council has conducted the license inspection and found that some of the shops abroad do not have the license. “We have ordered them to close their shops and follow the rules of the Council,” he said.
He said that the union understands that this will affect the oxygen supply and the breathing of the people, because even now it is not known how much oxygen is available. (Air Quality) in the area where there is no factory dewbilat.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday at the Mawlai Nonglum Presbyterian Cemetery.
In the final of the football tournament which was held on the 28th, Dong Pdeng Shnong won the title by beating Dong Mawsiang 2-1
The reason why the party demands a CBI investigation is because the inquiry committee appointed by the Government does not have the authority to appeal to the court. wrong or irregular in the implementation of the scheme.
He said that KHNAM prefers to form ECs of other ethnic parties who have the same ideology and principles but the difference is that only KHNAM has the ILP issue. The GNLA has expressed its satisfaction with the Governor's reminder of the proposal of the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister for peace talks with the rebel group. Chairman of Champion R Sangma, who is currently in Shillong District Jail, should be released.
“The BJP in Meghalaya will become stronger with the merger of these four MLAs,” he added.
His music video has reached 2.4 million views on YouTube.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has completed all the preparations for the opening of the Captain Williamson Sangma State University.
“In 2004 I was re-elected as MDC and in 2005 I was elected as CEM. The Dorbar was supposed to be attended by the children of the Hima and it was included in the article that the Dorbar should be held every year, but in 2015 the Dorbar was removed again and no “I don't know who has created this. If there is no son of a thousand, it means that the democracy of our ancestors has been abolished,” said Bah Shylla. to hold the Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem only during the reign of Pa'iem Laborious Syiem and Acting Syiem Ainam Manik Syiem.
Former Umsning MLA Jason Mawlong, Jirang MDC, Jirang MDC and Jirang MLA were also present at the ceremony. Victor Rani, Umroi MDC, RR Kharbuki, NPP President Clement Mawlong, Shemphang Lyngdoh and other NPP leaders and workers from Ri Bhoi District.
When it was time to cook he got up from his sleep to prepare for his stomach.
According to the residents, who were stranded, the road has collapsed because the NHIDCL, the company in charge of the construction of the road, has allowed individuals to dig. stone to be exported to Bangladesh, from this place and the quarrying, is not to quarry roads, but, it is to quarry stone and therefore, the quarrying, is because of the influence of inadequate people. they don't understand anything about it.
Zayed, who made his acting debut in 2003 in Chura Liyaa Hai Tumne with Esha Deol, has expressed his happiness to act in the film of his life and decided to fight. as much as possible to try to provide what is necessary for this film to be beautiful and appealing to the audience.
The JNC said that this is a sad loss and seriously affects the welfare of the farmers in the area.
The nine persons who were awarded the prizes are Ekstanly Lyngkhoi, Ospiar Lyngkhoi, Darlingstone Lyngkhoi and four others. Three of them have passed away. honor their wives.
In the final, Seinbhalang Shkentalang won the title by beating Amlarem Social Club 1-0
In the men's senior compound, Simranjot Singh of Punjab won the gold, Abhishek Verma of Delhi won the silver and Priyansh of Delhi won the bronze. In the women's category, Kasal Raginee Marko from Madhya Pradesh won the gold medal, Srishti Singh from Madhya Pradesh won the silver medal and Muskan Kirar from Madhya Pradesh won the silver medal. the bronze medal.
“The government wants to ask questions because they want to hide the truth from the people because if the government really wants to take action, it should have completed the investigation from now on,” he said.
“However, it is surprising that this machine has not been able to operate since 12th March, 2015 and the reason is that the engineer from the company has not come to repair the machine because the government has not paid. The purchase price of the machine has been paid and as a result, the warranty period has expired.
According to the grandson of the elderly woman, Michael Lyngdoh, his mother-in-law was alone at home at the time of the incident and they had not received any information. because the house they lived in was far from her house and they came to know about the incident from her neighbours.
Shillong: U Bah Kebor Thabah, who is one of the most famous comedians in Meghalaya, of the Lamshang Channel Comedy, today, 14th July 2022, arrived at the scene. to prepare a dance for the music video of the film “KA NUSIP”.
Therefore, the Seng, in a small capacity in 2012 has sent Khasi youth to study in various fields such as Engineering, B.Pharm and others and is pleased that they are now sitting in government offices. different.
So far, 92 CRPF personnel have been quarantined at their residence while those who have been in close contact with these six persons have been sent to the hospital. Guwahati Medical College Hospital, under the supervision of medical staff to conduct quarantine.
In this regard, the drivers of the Mawphlang-Weiloi road, while speaking to this reporter, expressed their satisfaction to see that the road has started to be improved as it was used for the construction. They have requested the Public Works Department (PWD) Road to order the contractors to speed up the construction of the Intermediate Road. “If it's during the rainy season, there's too much rain and now the rainy season is near, so the water has already covered us,” said the drivers.
The Meghalaya Right to Public Services Act 2020 is an Act enacted to provide faster services to the people in the state within the stipulated time including the payment of fines to the employees. government if they cannot provide the service within the stipulated time.
The CoMSO has also rejected the CAB 2019 in Meghalaya.
"He said to another man", 'It is the nature of man to be like that.
The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) celebrates this day once a year on 15th June with the aim of encouraging children to take part in football.
“We need great leaders in the Assembly where even Conrad Sangma will have to bow down to them and if Dr. Mukul wins, he should not be ashamed,” said Dr. Fabian. .
On the other hand, he said that the village has banned the sale of kyiad in the village since 1995 and if anyone is found selling illegally, they will be arrested.
Later, Assam's Shiva Thapa, who won the gold medal last season, will face Karnataka's Santhosh HK in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg.
My brother is married, I have been forced to look after my two brothers,” said Ibahunlang.
Jowai, July 29: The JHADC has ordered the President of the MPUF to temporarily close down the China Bazar run by a foreigner (Khar Muslim) and owned by the President of the MPUF, Dapoiwanmi Laloo.
The BSF on Friday seized heroin worth more than T.50 lakh and those who were trying to smuggle it to Bangladesh.
Regarding the assistance from the government authorities, the farmers said that they have also gone to the Block Development Officer, C&RD Block Mawkyrwat and also from the District Horticulture Officer ( DHO), South West Khasi Hills District this month and requested that through these departments and also the state government please create the mechanisms or provide assistance for the farmers on these issues. disasters, because as farmers they were desperate in every way.
“We don't know anything and we don't know anything about the illegal activities of the land since 2010 but it was only after requesting RTI that we learned about this illegal activities,” said Bah Phawa. “The village has already invited them to explain their behaviour, but they have not come and after this, the residents of the village have not been able to find another one. route.
Shillong: The Netaji Seva Santhan (NSS) Skill Academy, Mawthnum Nongpoh on Tuesday distributed certificates to 140 students who have completed various courses such as Beauty course. Therapist, Lab Technician (Life Science), Distributor Salesman and Hand Set Repair.
The meeting was attended by leaders of all political parties from the ruling and opposition parties.
Referring to the language as an education, Prof. Majaw expressed his appreciation to the Father of India, Mahatma Gandhi who advocated for speaking in the mother tongue.
In the first away match at the Minerva Sports Complex in Chandigarh, the two teams played hard from the start, but failed to score until the end of the match.
He said that he never thought that he would have to come forward in this political arena, but when he saw the needs of the people, he came forward to work for the development of the community and the region.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Various groups have staged a protest including the strike by Bah Adelbert Nongrum and Goldy Warjri against the demands of the Village Administration Bill. The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has set fire to the tyngshop of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Ibankmen Bynnud. .Hit Brake.
Prestone Tynsong said the Cabinet has decided to table the Bill in the Budget Session from 20th to 22nd July
Raj Biswa tied 35 runs off 31 balls and Purajit Mandal 21 runs off 40 balls.
The CEO said that the CAPF has arrived in the state and has been deployed to the polling stations across the state.
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRWLU) has unanimously decided to protect the rights of muster roll workers and demand the implementation of Equal Pay for Equal Work from the State Government. The Annual General Meeting will be held on the 10th of this month at Jerusalem, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
Furthermore, the Joint Committee of the Four Dorbar Shnongs in Lad Rymbai or Lad Rymbai Pyllun has requested the district administration to close down the entire Lad Rymbai to clean and disinfect the market area to curb the spread of the disease.
At the same time, he urged the Village Leaders in Jowai to find ways and means to provide land for the construction of water tanks, so that the PHE department can supply water supply. drinking around Jowai by urging the residents to work together for the betterment of the city.
There is a saying, "The mountains will fall because of you" or in another saying, "Even if the streams turn into rain, I will never forget you" and this is a true story. I had to cycle from India to Sweden to meet my beloved.
Umiam United beat Shillong Lajong 2-1 in the quarter final match played at New Nongstoiñ Stadium today.
The deceased was from East Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, we need the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as in Nagaland, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and elsewhere, which also have railway lines.
The victory was also a victory for Iga, where Aryna suffered a defeat in the final last month in Stuttgart.
Shillong: The East Garo Hills District Congress Committee (DCC) has rebuked Deborah Marak for alleging that her defeat in the election was due to the fraud by Congress leaders and the cancellation of the independent candidate Sengbath. Marak instead of supporting her.
On the following day, the Holy Mass began at 9 pm with Rev Fr Ferdinand Dkhar Diocesan Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai. the presence of other priests of the church.
“For the time being, we will look into the construction of a subway road so that the passengers will not have to meet and can walk on this road as they used to walk,” said Bah Renik.
However, the question is that although these tournaments are held every year, how many outstanding young players have been produced by the state.
The injured were identified as R Kurbah, Shirita Wanniang, Adelin Nongrum, Carolin Nongrum, Merciful Khain of Mawlai and Banari Khongwar.
The units of the Wing include the Cyber ​​Crime Police Station, the Cyber ​​Forensic Training Facility (CFTF) and the Cyber ​​Assistance Cell & Monitoring Cell.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84631 out of which 82916 have recovered and 1475 have died.
Shillong: The newly appointed Minister of Home Affairs, Meghalaya, today called for talks with the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) at his office.
Nongpoh: The Union Minister in charge of Jal Shakri Department, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, on Saturday visited Ribhoi to meet with Government Officials to inquire about the The development projects implemented in this District as one of the 'Aspirational Districts' have become specialized in development projects, to promote the development of this District through development grants from the Central Government.
Shillong: Despite the natural disaster, more than 100,000 faithful from all over the parishes of the Catholic Church have flocked to the annual procession of the Catholic Church. There are 100,000 believers in Shillong, Jowai and Nongstoin.
When asked about the illegal mining of coal, Conrad said the government wants to legally recognize the mining of coal in the state as coal is a source of income for the state government. “You have seen that when we find illegal coal mining, we do what is necessary but it is difficult for the government officials to find illegal coal mining in many villages. -law" he said.
“This agent of Safeshop has met many people in Bhoirymbong, Umroi, Umktieh, Umeit and other places.
After eating and drinking, he goes to bed and prepares the words and deeds he will express to her.
He said that the Seng has already sent a petition to the Government on the suspension of the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya on the amendment of the Forest Act, 1980 and the Land Act. The Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973 which means that all coal mines belong to the Government of India.
Lijian also admitted that the fighting on Tuesday, which killed 20 Indian soldiers, was caused by an attack by Indian troops.
There are still many issues related to the security of the state which this government has to achieve before the elections whether from the full implementation of water supply to the households, the completion of the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road and many other projects including the construction of block offices across the state.
Shillong: U Process T Sawkmie, MLA from Mawlai Constituency, on Tuesday asked the MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to go to Delhi to demand the implementation of the demands related to the people. They did not have an Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Regarding the two MLAs of the party, Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling and Umsning MLA Jason S Mawlong, who are ready to contest from other parties, Gavin said: He said that they have not sent any notice but the Zonal Committees in these constituencies are still working.
This is the second time that the Women's League has been played in the district, which has been named the Late Mary Tlang Memorial Trophy.
It is this that causes problems and seriously affects the rights of the Trai Ri, including the right to land.
Police have warned that the public should not be deceived by such people and if anyone has been deceived by such people they should inform the police. their bank accounts to others may be subject to penalties according to the provisions of the law.
The Shnong volunteers will expel those who violate this rule and will not be held responsible.
We have seen a lot of corruption since the recruitment of jobs whether in the DSCs or even the MPSCs”.
However, it is a surprise to the residents of Nongstoiñ area, that until now no signs have been seen that the work and improvement has started.
He said it was on this basis that the leaders of the HSPDP and others came to join the NPP because they wanted to see change in
VPP MLA Brightstarwell Marbniang, while announcing the decision, said that Ardent's strike will continue until the government decides to review the job reservation policy.
However, I will give an example of what has happened to other nations in the face of the power of a foreign ruler.
(Illustrate a vision for a sustainable and water- secure future through artistic interpretation, with a special focus on caring and sharing for water issues in hilly areas collectively).
An Independent Inquiry has been directed to investigate the handover of milk to Continental Milkcose (India) Ltd for the Supplementary Nutrition Program (SNP). Boko, Assam and was arrested by the Assam Police.
The review of nomination papers has ended on Monday, and the deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers will be on the 12th.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that this is a long standing project which the government has been able to complete.
The Under Graduate Program will be conducted in Hybrid Mode (including Computer Based Test (CBT)/Pen & Paper) for all Central Universities (including NEHU which is one of the Central Universities in the state). Meghalaya) and other affiliated universities in the country for the year 2024 – 2025 in order to enroll in Under Graduate Courses at the affiliated colleges of these universities.
In 2019, only 4,500 thousand rural villages had access to drinking water, but now there are 2.5 lakh households who have access to drinking water.
According to information, it is alleged that the contractors who have been working as contractors for many decades have been rejected although they are eligible and able to do the work but those who have just come out only because they are their own people. politicians and those who have connections with officers, get jobs even though they don’t have the skills to make or do the job.
He also urged the students to do their jobs properly and to obey their parents and teachers to do their jobs properly so that they can become educated. who have good manners from home to school where it is very difficult for teachers to lead the students because of the decline in manners among the students who no longer respect the teachers and parents He urged the students to be diligent not only to spend the night in the field but to complete all the work and to work hard so that they can get the fruit. of success as students.
Not only Sharma, but there were also other smugglers, who managed to create a fake Identity Card of Sharma, who deposited 10 tyngka in his account.
The statue of Mary, which was carved with a tree in Italy, is still kept at Sunny Side, Upper Shillong.
Despite these differences, Himanta and Conrad said that there will be no changes to the agreement, but they will proceed for the second or seventh phase of the border talks. places are still valid.
On the same day, security forces also recovered an AK-47 rifle from the belongings of Rocksen Homchh at that time.
The meeting was convened by Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi. The meeting was attended by MLAs from Bhoi, religious leaders, BDOs from all the Block in Bhoi, officers from various government departments. different with others.
The main theme of his speech was on “False teachings by prophets or preachers” which the pastor based on the Word of God from Jude 1:3 and
Meghalaya, after scoring 1 goal, did not lose heart as there was still plenty of time but played well to score the first goal. Sheen Stevenson Sohktung sent the ball to Sheen Stevenson Sohktung for a free kick and it went wide of the post. Figo Syndai scored the first goal of the match.
“Here in Seinduli, it is wrong to blame only the teachers.
The cause of the fire was due to the strong gas pressure which quickly caught fire from the workplace of the workers inside the coal mine. .
Sd/xxxThomas PassahPresidentKHNAM State Youth Wing8787612855/9774414380Email:presidentyouthwing02@gmail.com.
In recent days, Ravi Singh has been seen in court to arrange for the release of Aryan Khan, son of SRK, who was arrested on bail. He was accused of smuggling drugs in a boat on the outskirts of Mumbai.
“We have started the journey towards development under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and the information we have received for Ampati is very encouraging.
The incident took place at Sikandarpur village in Uttar Pradesh's Mirzapur district, Times Now reported.
“The UGC has approved the decision taken by the Central Government Department and has approved to allow colleges affiliated to Central Universities in Meghalaya and Nagaland, for example NEHU. and Nagaland University according to their admission schedule by releasing the CUET only for the academic year 2024-25,” the Ministry of Education said in a statement.
Some will win again, some will lose.
He said that Maianylla has a special characteristic and that is that she loves her sister and if she has a little food she doesn't eat it herself but takes it and gives it to her sister to eat.
The Bible had already predicted that the Beast would come soon, as soon as the decree was issued that Israel would rebuild the third Temple in Jerusalem.
At the Dorbar Pyllun, there were many discussions between the village leaders and the office bearers of the Raid, in order to bring about the welfare, development and peace and stability in the villages that are still under the control of the Raid. under the supervision of the Raid.
And the difference in the ringing of the voice is due to the fact that the man speaks in his own voice and the woman speaks in her own voice and when they speak together as a family, They talked cleanly together and stopped speaking/ringing in any more pleasant tone or words.
Peter JL Lawai, Sordar of Mawryngkneng Village, in a letter, has demanded that the government authorities should set up temporary stalls in Mawryngkneng, Smit and Diengpasoh to allow the farmers to sell their produce. .
According to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, the citizens who have lived for 6 years before 2014 will become citizens of the State. The fake birth certificates that you buy for Rs 200 from the Municipal, EPIC and others, will be a little more difficult for Bangladeshis but it is not impossible, because in the world of corruption, cows also enter exactly by them. thousand from the border, it shall not be difficult for the people to enter.
After the discussion in the Assam Assembly, the Government of Assam issued Notification RSR, 296/51/130, published in the Assam Gazette on 13th October 1957, clarifying the boundary of the Mikir Hills. North Cachar Hills and United Khasi-Jaintia Hills have said that all the previously issued notices defining the boundary of the territory will kill the Notification 1951,” said Bah Thaïang.
However, as the days and years go by, we see that this righteousness of mankind has disappeared and darkness has covered mankind by violating the laws of God. When the light of righteousness fled, darkness came to rule over mankind in terms of works and in all these things it has been increasing from one generation to another until now. mine
He reminded that within the office of the BDO Ranikor C&RD Block there are many development projects that the government has already implemented ranging from assistance to poor families, schemes for the elderly and others. there needs to be a larger structure.
Stressing on the importance of electricity in our daily lives, she said that it is necessary for us residents to take care not to misuse it but we should know how to use it. and making timely payments.
There are about 60 households with a population of more than 300, from children to the elderly. There is a river nearby and a beautiful environment. 20 villages with a population of about 8000, the average of all 20 villages.
Don't be afraid of anyone, especially your brothers and sisters.
“The Government has started to confuse the people when we put forward the demand to stop the recruitment while the Reservation Policy has not been finalised. “We will fix the roster and we will continue the campaign but the turnout of the people has led him (Conrad) to change his mind that they have suspended the campaign”.
He said the launch of the Bill will open the door for the people to give their opinions to the government on the Bill so that it can be implemented properly.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The State Security Commission (SSC) has started the nomination of IPS officers for the post of DGP of the state.
The suspects came from Nigeria to Dhaka on different dates, said a statement from Vivekanand Singh.
The third is the power transmission loss or loss of power on its path.
The march was led by the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) in the presence of political party leaders.
Of these 95 cases, 1 case is from Armed Forces/Para-military Forces, 30 cases are High Risk Contacts, 1 case is ILI Case, 5 cases are from Barapathar Cluster, 1 case is from Bishnupur Cluster, 1 case is from Bivar Road Cluster. Jaiaw cluster, one from Laban cluster, 8 cases from Lapalang cluster, 8 cases from Lumawbah cluster, 4 cases from Madanryting cluster, one case from Mawlai Iewrynghep cluster, one case from Kynton Massar, 2 cases from Mawlai Mawdatbaki cluster, 2 cases from Mawlai, 2 cases from Mawlai. cases from Mawlai Nonglum, 13 cases from Mawlai Mawmihthied Cluster, 7 cases from Mawprem Cluster, 6 cases from Nongmynsong Cluster, 3 cases from Police, 1 case from Rynjah Cluster and 2 cases from Umpling Cluster.
With this victory, the two teams will qualify for the Second Division of the EJHDFA next season. Meshwa Lapasam scored the goal for Moosiang Lamare Old in the 61st minute. & 76'.
Shillong, November 18: Speaking as the Chief Guest at the celebration of Asht Lakshmi, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today explained the concept of Asht Lakshmi to the eight states of the North East. The North Eastern Council (NEC) held a meeting in Shillong on Tuesday.
He said that many of them have sent their replies to the Commissioner of Transport at the office at Sawlad, but on the 10th July the owners of vehicles will send their replies. through EKHLTWA to the office of the DTO.
He said that in the past years there have been 16 private hospitals that have agreed to implement MHIS and this time too discussions have been held with these hospitals.
The passing away of Bah Shylla is not only a loss to the family, but to the state and the nation as a whole and she said that she will pray to God to bless the family of Bah Shylla.
Shillong, June 25: A young man who has just returned from the United States who has prepared himself well to contest from the UDP from Mawshynrut constituency, said that his entry into politics is because of the “Many of our Khasi who study abroad but want to choose the easy path, I don't have a problem if I choose the easy path like them” he said. said.
When these people were advised by the COVID Committee to stay alone at home (home quarantine), she visited these people at their homes and monitored their treatment. and their other needs.
The complaint has been registered at Saipung Police Station and they have been charged under various sections of the law.
The gradient of the road from Pandu to here does not exceed 30 degrees and this gradient is obtained by running the road from the flat and flat areas.
They threaten only from secret and from the outside but they don't dare to reveal it in the dorbar.
The suspect was identified as Dam ehi Dhar, 19, of Mulieh.
Khliehriat July 15: Due to heavy rainfall, there have been landslides and landslides in many parts of East Jaintia Hills District. The landslides have been severe in Narpuh area from Sonapur to Daistong village in Saipung C&RD Block.
Their bodies were found by the family members on the first day, when the family members were also planning to help them to the field, but when they reached the place, they didn't. They are shocked to learn that these three persons have died in the fall of a tree. They have understood that these three refugees have died since the night of Saturday 16th due to the strong wind and rain. the trees of the field were cut down.
The police department is conducting a thorough investigation into the threat.
“At the same time, the party stands firm on the grounds that the people of Riwar Mihngi (Pynursla) and War Jaintia have requested us to strongly oppose the opening of this market,” said Edmund Khongwai, President. HYC Riwar Mihngi President War Jaintia Circle.
The validity of the permits is four years.
Adityanath has served Gorakhpur for three terms.
This silenced the crowd inside the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and also gave City a two-point lead over second-placed Arsenal.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Teibor Lyngdoh, Beat Officer of Jirang Beat, said that the arrest of these illegal hunters was after a long investigation. They are also the ones who come to hunt or shoot animals or illegally shoot animals in the forests of the area.
Speaking at the launch of the book, Bah Jambor expressed his satisfaction that Bah Daniel has been able to publish the story and heroic deeds of Phan Nonglait in the form of a book, which will be a memory. from generation to generation and will also be an inspiration to the future generations, especially to the young women and women as well.
O R Shallam July 4, 2022 After a few days of heavy rainfall in the state which has caused floods, landslides and natural disasters which has caused severe damage not only to property but especially the loss of precious human lives.
“In terms of the border issue, I will work with the community on how to resolve it.
These fruits in your daily diet can relieve blood pressure.
In 1999, Sangma, along with Sharad Pawar and Tariq Anwar, formed a new political party, the Nationalist Congress Party, after leaving the Congress party over the elections. They protested against the leadership of Sonia Gandhi, who is from outside her home country.
A few days ago, there was a mass protest by BJP members in Asansol, West Bengal, against Xi Jinping of China; however, they made a mistake and burned the portrait of King Jong Un of North Korea.
Jowai, July 15: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Jaintia Hills today confirmed another branch of the FKJGP Mihmyntdu Unit.
Shillong: Many of the owners and vendors of shops in Motphran area on Tuesday expressed their surprise after the Executive Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has ordered the closure of their shops from time to time. morning.
“If it is found to be true, severe punishment will be imposed on those involved,” he said.
It is in this place that the Nongpoh Kur, who still hold the Khasi religion, perform some of the rituals, such as the “Besor Snem” which they perform once a year to thank the Khasi Kur. 'blood Theme'.
The event was organized by the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports.
Jowai: The last rites of a schoolgirl who was brutally murdered by unidentified robbers were held today.
Arup Das scored 47 runs from 38 balls while Jayanta Dey scored 26 runs from 26 balls.
He urged the supporters to give their right hand as they have supported and elected him as MDC and elected him as MLA of this constituency, so that he can bring many people. 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency.
“I have gone to sell tea at railway stations and on the train that is running.......those who sell tea inside the train have better knowledge than the Minister in charge of this department,” he said. one of the meetings in Patna.
Referring to his recent visit to Delhi, the Prime Minister said, “After the elections and being sworn in as Prime Minister for the second time, I feel it is necessary to meet with the Union Ministers and I request them that as they have supported the Government of Meghalaya in the past five years, they should continue to do so and this is the discussion we have had”.
Selfishness and selfishness will destroy more and more this state.
After laying the foundation stone, Prestone Tynsong said that the criticism of the NPP-led MDA government in these days is very strong, because these critics have not been able to do anything. neither when they were in government.
The UDP and NPP leaders and supporters were accompanied by the TMC Leader and Rajya Sabha MP, Derek O'Brien, who was welcomed by the people. They also had the opportunity to speak and express on many of the needs of the people in the Constituency.
Since 2014, persecution of Christians has increased in India.
The Municipal Corporation will appoint officers to inspect the quality of food served in Indira canteens, said Tushar Girinath, Chief Commissioner of Bruhat. .
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, James PK Sangma and others were present at the opening ceremony.
The department was confirmed at a meeting held at Shangpung Moolibang Community Hall and was conducted by Wompher Wan Vice President FKJGP West Jaintia Hills.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech said that the Government of India has introduced various schemes to provide electricity to the country as a whole. and through the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IDPS) sub-stations have been set up at Khliehtyrshi and Soomer Sabah.
“At this time I took my mobile and started shooting and ringing video of the cows and these BSF soldiers and when these soldiers saw that I was ringing video they suddenly knieh knieh. They told me to take me to Zero Point and shoot me dead. They also told me that those cows will be arrested by us.
Arnab, a resident of Nongbareh village, West Jaintia Hills District, was involved in the rape of an 8 year old girl on July 16, 2015 at a village in East Jaintia Hills District.
However, it is just a conspiracy of these FIR filers against me, and if it is true why wasn't I arrested the next day when I appeared before the police on 6th November
He said this at the closing ceremony of the 16th Lawei Ri Sports Open Carrom Championship 2023 organized by the Lawei Ri Sports Social and Cultural Club on the 6th of this month at Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
Although Malki goalkeeper Rihoklang Khongjoh tried to save but the ball went straight into the net.
In an interview with the Bishop of Tura, Rt.
The condition of the road as all those who come to Pynursla area have been destroyed due to the irresponsibility of the MLA of the constituency.
The candidates who have been confirmed to contest the election are Congress candidate Vincent Pala, UDP candidate Jemino Mawthoh, BJP candidate Sanbor Shullai and Romeo Phira Rani. and Mr. Samuel Hashah, the candidate.
Therefore, it is unfortunate to be happy to give land to the Government especially for simple purposes, perhaps it is just a deception to appoint for 10 years.
The Government has approved the Vibrant Village Program (VVP) to develop the villages bordering the country by 15th June 2023, which includes 2967 villages in 46 districts. districts in 4 states and one Union Territory.
Shillong, Nailur 28: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that many people have applied for tickets from the party for the mid-term MDC elections but the party is still considering. good to them before she gives or not.
Ka Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has resolved to clarify that the four MDC's are intact and there is no such contemplation or move from the party or it's MDC's to work with the Congress in the District Council.
Shillong, November 10: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today launched the Chief Minister's Wedding Assistance Scheme for Orphans. Girl, at the same time, the Chief Minister distributed the checks to the beneficiaries of the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme, at a function held by the Social Welfare Department at Chandmari Stadium.
The fund was used since 2012 when HDR Lyngdoh was Minister of PWD, but was suspended at that time, because it coincided with the elections, and only after. Sniaw Bhalang Dhar has taken over the department and three contractors have been approved to carry out the work.
The Public Secretary of the party, Samla Rajesh Khonglam, in his short speech, said that the party is still new to the area. and all this is the hard work of the members of the organization who have worked hard physically and mentally.
The High Court of Meghalaya has issued an order under PIL No.14 of 2023 Dt.07.02.2024 to prohibit the demolition of building materials and other construction works. or to carry out any operations on the sidewalks which seriously disrupt the movement of vehicles and endanger the lives of the commuting public.
The people are facing difficulties and therefore, the government should take action to build this road which is necessary for the people of this area.
All these things have happened.
The Government should address the problems of the residents who are suffering extremely, in society, education, income, which result from the old farming methods, lack of good health facilities. and also for those villages which cannot build roads because of the hills, rivers and streams.
Now it is up to the voters whether they want to win back the NPP, UDP, BJP and other small parties or whether they want to bring about a change in the rule of law. The state has gone to hell and we are still electing the same legislators and it means that we are thanking ourselves.
Shillong, July 3: The Indian Youth Congress (IYC) today launched a public campaign to discuss the issue of old currency issues. Pe Discussion.
The group was led by Blessingstar Mawlieh, Pynkhraw Kharjahrin and other elders and youths from Mawkyrwat area. -The rally will be held on the 25th June, 2023 at 11 am at Mawkyrwat.
The day was also enriched by traditional songs and dances performed by various groups and students.
But as the time of the promise drew near, the people (the Jewish people) grew and multiplied in Egypt.
“Nagaland has been given special status under Article 371A, which is the recommendation of the Federation of Khasi States,” he said.
At the same time, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, expressed his condolences on the passing away.
Meanwhile, Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC HSPDP from Mylliem said that the CEM should take responsibility for all these issues as he is the head of the Council. “You have to take responsibility for not finding this,” said Teilinia.
There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
The Court will meet again on 21st March.
This was stated by the Minister of Home Affairs after the opening of the meeting of the Autonomous District Councils convened by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today to discuss the amendment of the Sixth Schedule. Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016 and on the issuance of Trading License and Labor License by groups.
Because of those children whom the government has distributed to the people last year before the elections, out of the 100 children who have survived, they don't even have a marshiteng.
If 73 teachers have been suspended by the Government only from schools in East Khasi Hills, how many hundreds more will be suspended in the other 11 districts of Meghalaya.
The Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 15th from Khunti, Jharkhand with the aim of filling the gap between the government and the people.
The Home Minister said that Barato will be a suitable place for the Police Administration as it is also a tactical point and not a flash point.
During the visit, Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, along with the relatives and friends of these children, had dinner with them in the presence of the National Executive Member of the BJP Seng Kmie. Sumie Laloo and the State Incharge of Manipur.
She said that Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh was one of the great personalities of the nation during the struggle for Meghalaya and he has contributed a lot for the welfare of the nation as a whole. other.
Speaking at the meeting, the MR of the state, Conrad K Sangma, said that the present government has worked hard to develop the youth of the region. Sports is one of the opportunities to develop the youth of the state.
The announcement of this day as a liquor ban day in Ri Bhoi District has been made under Sec 52 (I) of the ME Act (Assam Excise Act and Rules). Liquor production houses have to close down and if they violate they will be punished according to this Act.
The awards were presented by Rambrai MLA RG Momin as the chief guest in the presence of Kong Balarina Syiem as District Sports Officer and others.
Bah Philip MarweinIt is very encouraging that the people and the government of Meghalaya, until now, have not realized that the life and death of the state depends on the food security of the state. middle.
With this victory, Khliehmuchut Shangpung will face Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah in the final on the 28th of this month at 2 pm.
It can help and benefit the skin.
The family members of the girl have accused the nurses and doctors of NEIGRIHMS of negligence and negligence which led to the death of their daughter after she was admitted to NEIGRIHMS. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on Tuesday approved the minimum and maximum age limits for recruitment in four Government Departments – the Civil Defence and Home Guards, Excise, Registration, Taxation and Stamps (ERTS). , Forest and Environment and the Home (Police) Department of the State Government.
After that they fled to Kyndangïawbah near Ktiehthawïar and at that time the first settlers in Ktiehthawïar were (L) Bah Phang, (L) Bah Raimon, (L) Kong Jro, and (L) Bah Jro. other other.
B. Lamare, Principal of Lama Villa Secondary School, Shillong and Vice President of Lama Villa Dorbar Shnong, Shillong will also be the chief guest.
Esophageal Cancer is the most common disease among the population in the state which affects 71.2 percent out of 10 lakh people and this is more than 10 percent higher than the national average. I am very sorry for the state.
Marbisu SC beat Nongstoiñ FT 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament on Monday at the New Stadium. Nonstop.
Speaking to media, Bah SK Sun said that the Committee will urge the State Government to take action to ensure that the hand water discharged from the Treatment Plant should not flow into the the streams used by the people for drinking water.
Kuwait opened the scoring in the 14th minute of the first half through Shabib Al Khaldi when the Indian defenders had no idea.
A statement released by the Seng along with photographs and videos showing that the members of the Seng have visited the villages and homes of the people to help. to those who were left behind by the flood.
He said that the Congress has declined and weakened across India and there is no point in talking to the Congress in this MP election. It is the responsibility of the NPP to give their support to the people as it is in the Government to advocate for the development of the state.
The song was recorded by Ngaitnud Production and the group congratulated Chwami Dkhar, Riki Phawa and Aly Phawa.
The worst thing is that those who have to travel to the hospital or the airport, because only in Khanapara they have to stop for hours, where the road is filled with vehicles. For the public to witness this visit of the Prime Minister to the people of Assam.
In fact, the ARPA had held a meeting on Tuesday but did not reach the goal as the UDP attended the meeting without deciding whether to support Bah Ardent. “KHNAM and HSPDP have decided to join the ARPA and have made it clear that they still trust the leadership of Bah Ardent as Chief Executive Member (CEM),” he said. Latiplang Kharkongor MDC KHNAM. The question now is whether the voters who strongly support Bah Ardent to remain as CEM of KHADC, can persuade the UDP to end the demand for his resignation. Bah Ardent.
However, in the course of time, it has become necessary to extend this Act as the District Headquarters have now become large buildings.
Asif Sheikh was seriously injured and was taken to Civil Hospital. Police have arrested two children while four others have fled the scene.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Bindo M Lanong had contested the MLA election from Nongkrem constituency as an independent candidate but was defeated.
Police have registered a case against them under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.
On the other hand, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh who was the Chief Guest on the occasion also spoke on the issue of unemployment and job creation opportunities.
of Meghalaya, Agriculture Department.
The main objective of the TMC is to bring about change for women and youth through the WE Card and MYE Card to provide T.12 per month after 100 days if the TMC come to power in the 2023 MLA elections.
“The postponement of the decision means that the Rangbah Shnongs can now continue to work until the day the Court can issue the decision,” said Dr Kharshiing.
Finally they came to a place called “Yiaprarev” (pronounced “yiaprarew”, because v is half of w, and ev is half of ew).
She urged the political parties, the police and government officials to stand together to arrest the robbers involved in the Mantip and to punish them according to the law. for this thing is terrible.
It is to be recalled that the Government of India through the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has allowed airlines and trains to resume operations for the transportation of stranded persons to other states of India.
In a heated debate on the VAB, the union strongly condemned the state government for the delay in passing the VAB. one of the ways to curb the infiltration of mynder in the state.
He said that in 2011, out of two government colleges, seven more have been built.
Speaking at the meeting, which was attended by hundreds of farmers from the area, Bah HM Shangpliang said that this was reported by a trader who informed that the products from the riwars of Mawsynram, especially slatyrpad and synsar, are good markets and have been exported to Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Oman.
The Minister of Mawkyrwat Village, Bah RR Lyngkhoi said that the KSU's decision to conduct this cleanliness drive is for the benefit of the people and not for their own benefit.
This is the film starring Sushant Singh Rajput and Sara Ali Khan.
Read 2 Chronicles 7:14 AMEN. The time has come for the crops such as jhur, wheat and others to ripen and be ready to harvest.
Now if all the 19 lakh people who have not been registered in the NRC come to Meghalaya, what will happen to the indigenous people?
Another issue that Prestone will have to address is the maintenance of roads across the state.
Nongpoh, Naitung 25: To encourage and motivate women to stand on their own feet in terms of employment opportunities through various activities, the National Commission for Women (NCW) in collaboration with and the Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDII) has conducted a special program known as the Entrepreneurship Awareness Program to train women on various entrepreneurship opportunities as an employment opportunity for women. .
“However, it is our effort to make Meghalaya the most perfect state in terms of tourism for all tourists regardless of age or rank,” said the Working President of the NPP. Shillong City, Shillong City.
T.Rympei scored 16 goals in the 10th, 19th and 29th minutes while I.Nongbet scored 16 goals in the 10th, 19th and 29th minutes. I.Nongrum scored in the 22nd minute, I.Nongrum in the 25th, 68th, 69th, 70th and 70+2 minutes, I.Wahlang in the 34th minute and Nisilia Majaw scored in the 35th, 41st, 42nd, 59th, 63rd and 64th minutes.
He also congratulated the management of HDFC Bank Limited for opening this new office here in Mawkyrwat which will be of benefit to many churches.
We believe in the wisdom and power of the salon residents, not just in a few who have taken over all the land and want to build only shopping malls and parking lots.
I have passed the HSSLC examination this year at the age of 50 years.
When the sky was clear, he listened carefully to Rida.
Bah Kharpran said that not only these assistance programs have been provided by Bah Teibor to the Club, but many others as an MDC in a small capacity have led the Club.
In the final of the Under-14 men's category, Umphyrnai Presbyterian beat Assam Rifles Public School 4-2 in a tie-breaker.
We know.
Stop immediately misusing teachers from this year
The Bible is like a cleanser to cleanse the darkness of the heart.
Furthermore, Bah Banteidor urged all stakeholders to join hands to promote tourism in the region as it is a sector that can create employment opportunities for the youth and development. you have received the court.
The union is ready to cooperate with the government authorities to resolve this issue.
With the help of the government we hope that in the next 5 and 10 years we will become the first constituency in the field of livestock and also in agriculture,” he said.
On Tuesday, two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, bringing the total number of recoveries to nine and one death in the state.
Because walking, running and playing sports and games in many ways helps to keep people healthy and fit, the BECC has organized a Football Friendly Match between St. Anthony's College and Shillong College.
On Tuesday, the Voice of the People (VPP) Nongstoin Constituency held a placard in front of the residence of Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang at Pyndengrei village, West Khasi Hills.
There must be research and investigation to find out the facts and the facts must be brought out so that the public can understand.
This shows that he intends to create division between the ARPA and the SKRS,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
A complaint has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the crime. Police have also seized the bolero along with T2000 tyngka.
In the 2018 MLA elections, the opposition Congress has won 21 MLAs, the NPP 19, the UDP 6, the independent candidates 3, the BJP 2, the HSPDP 2 and the PDF. 4, NCP 1, KHNAM
The office shall be open from Monday to Tuesday and the time shall be the same as other offices.
The opinion poll through the media also showed that Dr Mukul Sangma's MUA government is more effective than the NPP-led MDA government of Canrad Sangma as Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
At the same time, u Bah Seibor Shadap, congratulated the senior leaders of the party who have shaped the party and the journey of the party has been very pleasant. Like Conrad Sangma, he is a man who has the spirit to help not only the leaders and members but the spirit of helping the people of the state as a whole.
Dr.P Syngkon has passed away after suffering from diabetes for a long time last night at a hospital in Shillong.
“We need to provide electricity to all the villages in the state and that is the top priority of the government.
Shillong: Two political parties, including the KSU and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), have demanded that the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) Shillong should appoint Khasi and Jaintia is not a school.
In the 80kg category, Jyohanan D Nongrum (St.Edmund's College) won by defeating Mangjylliew Marwein (Sankardev College), while in the 85kg category, Banangaiboklang Fancon (Seng Khasi College) won. In the 90kg category, Saikupar Marpna (Seng Khasi College) won by defeating Yuvraj Singh (Umshyrpi College).
According to the complaint of the family members, even after they left work, on the 6th of this month at 11:00 pm, the owner of the clinic, Ashish, sent them away. They are from the PG which is located at Shlimar Bagh.
This can be a source of joy and happiness, especially when you are suffering.
Palmmela is a resident of Umkiang.
The residents immediately informed the village leaders, who later informed the police, who went to comply with the requirements according to the law.
This means that the boundary work itself has not yet reached its goal.
Nongpoh: Two youths from Umnget village have died in an accident on the NH-6 in Umsamlem village last night after their Scooty collided with another vehicle. to a Truck coming from the opposite direction.
Nongpoh: The Umsning Town Durbar, on Tuesday, announced that the Umsning Market has been postponed to the 11th of June. on June 10, while the next Sunday, which was scheduled for the 19th, has been postponed to the 18th.
Isn't this the most sinful and sinful thing in the world, where brothers and sisters get married and this will continue to happen as the days go by if we don't change our ways immediately. Give our race to the man as in this age of women who are raped.
It is different from the old days; The days of the rapid growth of knowledge, Man has taken the world in his hands.
Bah John F Kharshiing expressed his gratitude to the Shillong School for welcoming the opening of this book on the History and Politics of 246 years (1771-2017) of the Khasi States. for universities, students, politicians, lawyers representatives and others.
Heavy rains will continue on July 21 and 22, according to the report.
He said that the government has taken seriously the call for a curfew, especially by the party, which has been considered an illegal party.
Shillong, Lber, 27: In order to maintain peace and order on the border between Meghalaya and Assam due to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah Donald P. Wahlang, on Tuesday held a meeting with the Meeting with Additional Chief Secretary Home (Police) Dr. Shakil P. Ahammed, Director General of Police Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, Commissioner and Secretary, ERTS Sanjay Goyal, Chief Electoral Officer Dr. BDR Tiwari, Election Officers, Secretary Home (Police), Inspector General (IG) Frontier Headquarters, BSF Meghalaya and State Police Nodal Officers including MK Singh.
“The Congress welcomes the approval of the President and it is a law that has remained on the desk of the President.
Other ways in which lead enters our bodies are from the drinking water that comes into our homes through corroded copper pipes.
So far, there has been no offer to convince the owner, who is currently running the club after putting in front of the players a price tag of £6 billion ($7.2 billion).
The President of the Govt.
Dr Dibyajyoti Chutia, Head, GID, NESAC spoke on the role of ICT-empowered Geospatial Technology in strengthening the work of the Government in the North East while Nilay Nishant Scientist-SE, GID, NESAC The North East Spatial Data Repository (NeSDR) and its tools for Government and surveillance purposes were demonstrated.
He said that one should not believe the e-mails or SMS messages that fraudsters ask for to steal the money that the people have in the bank.
Many of the youths are still reluctant to do lower jobs because they feel that the rank they have studied is no longer suitable for small jobs.
give me the essay above.
Bah Thomas called out to this Khaprang by reaching out his hands, and happily took her in his arms.
In the past 24 hours, 710 people have been infected and the death toll has risen to 10,5
RD Siangshai, said that the DC has promised to implement the request of the Dorbar Shnong.
“This is an important tournament for you.
Shanlang Thubru scored both the goals in the 58th and 70th minutes for the team to win.
The program ended with a song and dance performance by the nurses of the Civil Hospital, MCH Khliehriat, DHMO Office, Sutnga CHC, Pamra Paithlu PHC, Saipung PHC, Bataw PHC, Umkiang PHC, Lumshnong PHC, Rymbai PHC. The WJSU has elected Finely Swer as its new president after the resignation of its former president.
Shillong, June 2: U Bah IJ Dameki Paswet, President of the BJP West Jaintia Hills District, has resigned from the post of President of the BJP West Jaintia Hills District. Leave the BJP but give your cooperation for the good of the country and the nation.
Through these investigations, police conducted a surprise raid on 22nd November 2022 at Rimpu Bagan and arrested 68 persons including 24 girls.
The program was attended by employees, researchers, technicians and others.
The move to legalize gambling came after a meeting between the Revenue Minister, James K. Sangma and the UK India Business Council (UKIBC) leaders. the best state to conduct sports activities.
The UDP leader alleged that the VPP is not only doing politics on the issue of Reservation Policy, but has also tried to hate the people and also to destroy the society.
Speaking to media, the coach of the team, Bobby Nongbet said, “After we have been promoted again to the I-League, I am very happy.
Nongpoh: U Tbn.T.Nongkhlaw, Tymmen Basan of the Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, today launched a book written by him entitled 'Ka Kot Help to Entrance to the Church' , which was released at the Presbyterian Church in Nongpoh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 7th October distributed appointment letters to 425 Junior Specialists, Medical Officers and Dental Surgeons, who are newly recruited in various health facilities.
On that day of resurrection, the dead will rise from the grave and gradually fly to heaven like birds to meet the Lord Jesus there in the sky.
Ganesh was admitted to Apollo Hospital after the shooting at Eagleton Resort.
Shillong: BSF troops today arrested a Bangladeshi Khar from the India-Bangladesh border in Baghmara, South Garo Hills.
“It is surprising that after receiving information from the residents of Manipur that despite the presence of security forces, the Central Government has not been able to stop the violence but it has continued. but from day to day," he said.
On the other hand, the president of the JSM, Samla Leningstar Rymbai, said that if the government has any intention to help the people in this time of crisis, it should take immediate action to release the coal. NGT to release and auction throughout the state to supply these coal factories rather than allowing the import of goods or coal from abroad.
The office bearers of the unit are Chairman Langbor Nongpluh, Vice Chairman Marphrad Khiar, Secretary Firstborn Nongrum, Assistant Secretary Tholy Longshiang and Treasurer Presibon Rynjah.
