When Dr Mukul arrived at Umroi Airport, officials from the Meteorological Department refused to signal the Prime Minister's helicopter to fly due to bad weather.
Shitlang Pale, MLA from Sutnga-Saipung, who joined Dr Mukul Sangma from the Congress to the TMC, has not appeared in the list. party candidate.
He said that only the Town Vending Committee can solve all the problems. “Only the law can improve all these problems, because now they are selling kulmar, who works with other types of goods. “It's not like he comes to sell land or pay bills and that's why he leaves without recognizing the land sellers,” he said.
Bremley, therefore, demands that there should be an independent investigation into the contamination of the water and the pond which has dumped uranium waste in Nongbah Jynrin and that the soil should be tested. Because if the soil is radio active, then the plants will become poisonous to people, animals and wildlife in the area.
You don't have to worry about shiliang.
However, according to the principle, other chiefs were also considered to have the power to heal, to become chiefs because they were elected to take over the throne through the language of and he gave them to the blei.
On the other hand, those who were suspended, expressed their dissatisfaction with the action of the Speaker of the House, saying that the purpose of the House is to silence or prevent what they want to express. for the people.
It is useless to say that we are a nation that knows Briew-Tip Blei, that has manners and dignity and so on because if we do this sacred work which is like a Shlem to Saiñdur our own Thymmei and our The whole nation has lost its Kheiñ Dew-Thala.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed a law known as the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulation,
It is to be recalled that on the 17th of this month, KSU Narpuh and Huroi together with the villagers blocked the Indo-Bangladesh Border Fencing in Huroi. get the payment.
Those who left the UDP Mawlai have formed the Mawlai People's Development Forum (MPDF) under the leadership of Bah Process T Sawkmie as the president of the party.
Such incidents have angered the people and the government has not been able to stop them.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The National People's Party (NPP) on Monday said that on the 6th of this month, the National People's Party (NPP) will welcome two MLAs and leaders from another party. Conrad, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was speaking at an election campaign rally for the party candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang at Krang.
Kornelius Khardewsaw, 25, of Mawshong Khyndew village has been arrested by the police for drug trafficking in Nongstoiñ market.
Speeches were delivered by Handle Mukhim, Treasurer, Mawmang, Dwing Myrboh, Ex-Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Wanlambok Kharsati, General Secretary Dorbar Shnong. Peter J Lawai cut the ribbon.
Police are awaiting the post mortem report from the doctors.
On 29th November, the Meghalaya government announced that the Meghalaya High Court has approved to extend the allocation of land to each household on the request of the residents of Sweepers' Colony.
In the 2019 MP elections, the BJP won 303 seats out of 542 and the Congress won 52 seats.
Roberth Sangma scored 10 runs.
The Behdeinkhlam festival is an annual festival to rid the society of diseases, illnesses, natural disasters and any evils in the society. society.
We are concerned about the recent increase in the price of rice which is a staple food for all of us.
British Dkhar has lodged a complaint with Jowai Police Station that on 19th July, at 1:30 pm, her son stole T.80,000 from her house in Ladthalaboh, Jowai. .
“As a public servant in charge of the promotion of rights and equality, I strongly condemn this action of the Assam Police and demand that they should immediately stop such acts against them. Christian religious groups.
Of course, we cannot say that there are parts of the policy that can help the students, but we must look far into how this policy will affect in the coming years especially the low paid and to those who have nothing.
There have been 106 new cases of coronavirus in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 4,0
Once the customs and traditions of the nation have disappeared, the nation cannot survive.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and searched the premises of the residence and seized several documents including the IPC and UAPA. register of 100 members.
We have great hope that the UDP will be able to hold power in 2023,” he said, adding that they will elect a leader from the UDP to lead the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
The number of cases in Tamil Nadu has risen sharply with 2,710 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 62,0
Take your own Bottle of water from house 2.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has taken measures to curb the illegal mining of coal and to ensure that there should be no illegal mining in the state.
Shillong, Lber 9: A household in Kut village, about 7 kilometers from Mawryngkneng near Puriang village, has been shocked when MeECL has delivered the bill. up to T.48 thousand.
All three are residents of Mawlai Phudmuri.
The match on Tuesday will be between Pommura SC and Mawlyngngad SC at 6 pm.
The competition was organized by AIR, Shillong in an effort to get a broader understanding of the Khasi Jaintia Hills through poetry.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah S Mynsong Rangbah Shnong and other village leaders.
This is what happened in Fiji in the Pacific Ocean where the villagers became low paid to the Indian immigrants.
“If the garbage is burnt openly, it will cause the worst damage to the air and people and all living things will get sick and die from this air,” said the union.
Those who are more intelligent know how to get equipment from here and there and it also depends on the skills of the carpenters and mechanics.
Many of them really want to compete because they want to see for themselves how well they can compete with others from other states.
Wealth makes them proud and despise others and often wealth leads them into various temptations, especially Bishop Victor.
In his speech, the Minister spoke about the development that has been achieved in the past years as well as those that remain to be achieved by the government. The Khasi language is a word to remind us about the ILP which has witnessed a great desire and also which has led to many protests for this demand for ILP, but the Prime Minister has not Nothing was said on the ILP during the visit of the Union Ministers especially in the presence of Modi and Amit Shah.
The procession will take place through Mihmyntdu Lad College, Moorlong, Ladthadlaboh Highway and end at Ummulong Taxi Stand, Iawmusiang, Jowai.
It will probably be improved over time, according to the passage of time to improve it.
“Mukul Sangma has lost the trust of the people and the law and has no right to continue as the Chief Minister of the state,” said MPF spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh after the meeting. of the Parliamentary Party (PP) on Monday.
So far this year, AIDS has killed about 36.30 million people and orphaned millions more children worldwide.
The greatness and power of the jainspong can also be seen from the arrival of the Kni-Rangbah (U Kni Waheh-ha in the Labang-Nongphyllut) when there is any advice to his brothers and sisters. especially in connection with spiritual matters or in the work of God.
They appealed to all the fans to come and support the film at Bijou from tomorrow until Friday and said that the support of the people will encourage them to move forward in the film. to develop their talents and all the talented youth.
I urge the people to follow strictly all the government's guidelines on how to protect themselves from the spread of COVID-19 so that we can avoid it.
Guwahati: The number of cases of Covid-19 in Guwahati has risen to 10,000 so far on Tuesday, with 89 new cases confirmed today.
It is necessary to think and read the understanding of the Seng Khihlang to the Christian churches especially the Catholic Church to use our traditional costumes as the Khasi people.
This is the only statement issued from Shillong, while the name of Bah Sanbor Shullai, to contest for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat, has been announced by the party in Delhi, signed by Jagat Prakash Nadda. The committee was attended by Central Election Committee President Amit Shah, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other members.
Kyllang Thongi said that the deterioration of the road has been unpaved and the Minister of PWD should understand better as he used to walk on this road.
Without proper planning, New Shillong will soon become just another Shillong city which has caused problems to everyone in various aspects.
The music video is from the upcoming film “Phin Sa Kynmaw”.
We have only prayers to offer as at this time that God will be with you to strengthen you all.
Their uniqueness cannot be denied or hidden – especially the good examples we see in the fight against this disease.
What is behind the fact that Meghalaya is still contracting with this company instead of strengthening Anganwadi Centers (AWCs), empowering Anganwadi Workers (AWWs) through this ICDS scheme for the SNP of In the year 2020-21, the State has a budget of Rs 60.37 crore. U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, if he really understands his responsibility as the Social Welfare Minister, he should have brought about change, not just listen and shake hands. like Pilate.
Shillong, July 26 : U Timothy D Shira, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira, on Tuesday said that the All India Trinamool Congress (ANC) which is currently in the Opposition as well as the Congress will face a challenge. The defeat in the 2023 MLA elections in the state.
This has brought back condemnation against the Iranian police for the use of force and abuse of force to punish civilians.
“The Government has immediately appointed a Deputy Superintendent of Police to conduct the investigation and the first report has been submitted and we are expecting the final report soon. .
In terms of medical treatment, the patients are divided into 4 categories – Category A (asymptomatic), Category B (mild symptoms), Category C (symptomatic). Category D (Severe Disease).
In this regard, ANWU President Napolean Mawphniang said that the ANWU demands the recognition of casual workers as full time employees and the implementation of the minimum wage. along with the work and the workers.
“It is not clear whether he will contest or not,” said Allantry F Dkhar, Secretary of the Steering Committee.
He said that as members of the Hynniewtrep people who are proud of their culture as it has been traditional since ancient times, may Behdeiñkhlam 2023 bring happiness, health and prosperity to all the people of Seiñraij Jowai. and also to the land of Hynniewtrep as a whole, to “know man, know God, know family, know family and earn righteousness.
There are 18 cases in Puducherry, 13 cases in Meghalaya and 9 cases in Manipur.
“The Prime Minister has praised the initiative we have taken, which is the first time to send for testing of water samples from all over Shillong,” said the President of FKJGP. Dundee C Khongsit while speaking to reporters.
We understand that it is easy to talk, but it is difficult to implement those who speak whether they are organizations or politicians or just as citizens.
The camp will run from 24th June to 18th June.
In his speech as the guest of honour, the Provincial of Silchar Province of the Salesians, Don Bosco, Rev. George Maliekal, who is also the President of the Governing Body of St. Anthony's College, said: “It was a miracle that he was able to release St. Anthony's College from the closure of St. Anthony's College in those years. It is a great loss to the people of this area especially to those who have no way.
When they were in government (Mukul Sangma), they didn't do anything and when they couldn't resolve this issue in some places in seven places, they brought it up just because they wanted to make it their political issue,” Conrad said.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen, said that the state government has released T.1697291678 for food or scholarship for 61116 students of the state. .
The office bearers of the Madur Unit are Phlin Dkhar President, Boi Dkhar Vice President, Mardeiwi Dkhar General Secretary, Truki Dkhar Assistant General Secretary, Klo Dkhar Treasurer and nine members including Nomi, Trei Dkhar and Mary. Dkhar, Dit Dkhar, So Dkhar, Dawan Dkhar, Suk Dkhar, Bor Dkhar and Phrom Dkhar.
Although the government has changed the decision, the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi have arranged that the meeting will continue as scheduled.
“This visit will be to appeal to the people to strive for peace, to strengthen their confidence and while the talks are going on, I appeal to the people to have peace.
The union found that it is necessary to appoint all the staff from Grade IV, Ward attendance, staff nurses' accommodation, public toilets to improve the building and to provide rooms, from the room where the doctor should sit and examine the patients and others.
These brokers mostly sit on chairs like office workers and act like 'seiñ puh'
After a few shots, when I looked at my brother, I saw that he was covered with blood and could not move.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Santa Mary congratulated the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries of the district and the members of Lahalein VEC on the steps they have taken for the completion and implementation of this seed farm. the first fish within the area.
It is also a fact that in various organizations or groups, their leaders see it as the best opportunity for them to prepare themselves to become leaders.
"I promise that we will make the right final decision and nobody will be harmed," he said.
The GST and other taxes remain the same, the price of food items in the rural shops has increased.
Shillong: Mizoram won the Ranji Trophy in the toss and elected to bat first in the first innings of the Ranji Trophy match played at Anand, Gujarat. earned till yesterday before it was restricted to 359 runs.
The Dorbar Dong has already fixed a date for the Heaven Down band from Delhi to perform, and if the night curfew continues, it will disrupt traffic. the crowd who intends to come to the fete venue.
The Youth Assembly has urged everyone to join hands for the cleanliness of the Upper Shillong Road, by not spreading garbage and nut ki nier on the roadsides.
In the first half, Nangkiew Shaphrang took the lead through Ionifast Nongbet in the 44th minute and ended the first half with a 1-0 lead. 0.
Admitting that the girl had complained to him, Bah Ronie said he had received a complaint from the girl that she did not receive her salary and the director had sent her to stay at his house.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 41906 out of which 36550 have recovered and 733 have died.
Many speakers included Maristela Lamare, President of Nongpoh Area Women Welfare Association, Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Northern Region, Cornelius. Laloo, senior journalist in Ri Bhoi and others.
When they saw the construction of the road from Mawlaidong to Ryngku, some of the residents of Mawsynram went to inspect for themselves on the doubts about the construction of the road. When you see it face to face, how great is your sorrow when you see the road which has just been painted but is beginning to collapse and cannot be cleaned by the hands of men.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin today launched the registration for the scheme to provide T.1,000 once a month to women. The 2024 Lok Sabha elections will be held.
He added that the union expects that if there are such sports tournaments it will also open up the opportunity for the youth to develop their talents and the union expects that the talented children will Use your talents properly so that through sports will also be one of the sources of employment where these days many young people have lived by sports.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary WJH Unit, urged the students who pass to love their studies and to achieve their goals and also to remember the dignity and respect. Don't forget the parents who work hard day and night to provide for them because dignity and morality are the highest.
Perhaps this may be due to the excessive purity or corruption of the rulers or may be due to the blindness of others who have been deceived and misled.
If girls can be retained until Class 10, they will be able to go to Class 12 and perhaps to higher education.
In another incident, a truck overturned in the middle of the road at 12 noon at Sanmer, Upper Shillong.
However, on the evening of 21st November, the master sent him away at 3:30 pm.
The KSU has expressed its deep dissatisfaction with the decision of MeECL to hire foreign companies for any construction and maintenance work in Leshka.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum strongly criticized the state government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma and said that Mukul Sangma has done whatever he wants and has issued laws as he wants. This is due to the strong support of the 12 government ministers who used to be with him.
After conducting investigation, police today found that Abhimanu Kr.
The Prevention of Corruption Act of Aizawl has sentenced a 45-year-old man to five years in prison for involvement in corruption.
Regarding the Covid-19 pandemic in the state, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that so far, there are 13 cases of Covid-19, one case of Covid-19, There are 2712 samples sent for testing, 2597 negative samples and 102 samples awaiting results.
Tens of thousands of children have snier, and it is from the snier that our body absorbs food.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said in the Legislative Assembly that Meghalaya has not requested the Central Government to set up a single hospital. which is the same as the All India Institute of Medical Science (AIIMS) in the state.
Our government is ready (to monitor the deportation of students),” said Sanriiariti S Kharbuli.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today decided to protest against the government's lack of confidence in the three demands of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU). an.
Brichyrnot's school scored 27 minutes.
He called upon the people and various civil society organizations to cooperate with the people so that they can continue to improve the needs of the hospital by urging the management and staff of the hospital to work properly. and to provide better service and to speak words of joy which can be a source of comfort and hope to many precious souls especially to those who are sick in this 100 bed hospital.
These two health centers will be closed until the completion of contact tracing and quarantine of those affected to curb the spread of COVID-1
An FIR has been lodged and a case under Section 14 of the Foreigner Act has been registered against them.
According to him, this will put a lot of pressure on the rural children who do not have adequate facilities.
The team will be led by manager cum coach Babira Momin of the state sports department.
After receiving the approval, the Secretary concluded by saying, “Now we have to sign this approval publicly that we have removed Bah Let from the post of Rangbah Shnong and we have appointed a new Bah Shanbor. in your place.
Speeches were also delivered by other government officials, the Rangbah Shnong and others.
Through determination, perseverance and empowerment, the North East is now in the case of Amrit Kaal.
Change must first begin in the mind and then follow in other areas.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone of the Shangpung Community Health Center (CHC) in the presence of Raliang MLA Comingone Ymbon.
Dharmendra is currently undergoing treatment at Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon.
Al Hilal have sent a €300m (£259m) bid for Mbappe.
in the land where Kurim lives, the son of the people.
A day before the final, I had the opportunity to talk to the coaches of these two clubs, Bah Eskial S Mon, JT Secretary and Jerry A Sutnga Asst Coach. Mawlai SC under the leadership of Bah Hering Shangpliang has been shocked by the news that has shocked the hearts of the fans after the death of Eskial and Jerry. They said that there are three players in the team who are in doubt about being able to be in the First XI due to injury.
About 60,000 people will receive Ayushman Bharat Cards.
Finally, the Sordar Shnongs said that the government and the MLA should explain within four days and if they cannot do so, they will not hesitate to take another route.
According to the Public Information Act, on the 7th of July 2014, the Prime Minister met with three people and a day later, on the 13th, he met with seven people. and on the 14th 4th.
Police of Lumshnong Police Station and Umkiang PP have taken action to drive vehicles on this road.
According to the Assam Rifles, they conducted the raid after discovering the involvement of Athong Sangtham in the kidnapping of six civilians. They were rescued by the army on the 28th of last month.
He urged all the residents as well as the political parties not to politicize this garbage issue as this is the life and death of the residents of Ri-Lum Jaintia as a whole. If the government does not listen to this demand, the union will hold a meeting with the village leaders and others. Sengbhalang groups in order to do this.
He said the party has done what it should have done by sending a letter to the central government to release Meghalaya from the Sixth Schedule.
The company said that the deaths of these two men were caused by head and neck injuries and alcohol abuse has not been confirmed yet. The vehicle of the 108, this morning, overturned at Lad Mawreng, which is under Lad Mawreng.
R.Kyied Singh, Nongtyngur.
Shillong, July 14: A woman who is a cannabis dealer has been arrested by police after more than 1,000 kilos of cannabis was seized from her house in Tyrsad village. .
According to the reply from the DAC, the Governor said he would consider before taking a decision.
We thought that the demarcation of the border would be written in blood but it was witnessed that it had to be written in human blood after the incident in Mukroh.
We recall that Bah Robert Kharshiing, Rangbah Shnong and former MP, was arrested for implementing the decision of the Dorbar Shnong in September 1983, under the provisions of the National Security Act (NSA). Contempt of Courts Act 1971, and many others who have been arrested without knowing the laws of India and because the laws of India do not recognize the Traditional Assemblies, we must remind that the Order of the Court The Meghalaya High Court has received only a temporary suspension order from the Supreme Court.
Five people have died and four people have not been injected.
He said that Meghalaya has progressed and been recognized as the 'Best Performer' in the implementation of various schemes of the central government including PMGSY, PMAY, JJM, MGNREGS and has received the prize and received additional cash prizes.
In the United States, more than 20,000 people have died so far, the highest number of deaths in the world so far.
Sadly, although we know now that this system of governance is established by God, many of us Christians in Khasiland have not taken the initiative to take part in the elections. leader.
She was surprised to see that it was two o'clock in the afternoon.
Green tea is also known to reduce the risk of many types of chronic diseases.
Various entertainment programs and a competition were also held by farmers from all over the villages.
Reham, fortunately, was not injured at all, but said that she was very sorry for the incident and said that she would rather speak face to face than these. they shall not stir up the tympan of these borders.
The District Transport Officer (DTO) has been directed to make arrangements to operate vehicles from next month, but the drivers of commercial vehicles must have been injected at least once.
The Seng Longkmie Umran Diary has said that it will not rest until the village stops selling land to the army.
The Seng holds this tournament every year as part of the health promotion and to encourage the students to take part in sports or physical activity to avoid any activities or alcohol. who are snow.
Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem scored the first goal for Lajong in the 18th minute and another goal in the 77th minute.
“We have decided to repeal Section 5 and amend Sections 6 and 6A of the Act,” said Parliamentary Affairs Minister Prestone Tynsong after the meeting.
Why do many people ask, “What does Ex.Rev mean” these days, because I am one of those who write articles in these days of pandemic.
When asked by Rupang about the news that many government officials will retire from his constituency, Adelbert said we live in a free country and whoever wants to contest elections should contest and “I thank God for giving me the courage to enter the political arena at the age of 30, unlike others who came without patriotism and desire to serve the state when they were old. retire from government service".
Chyne said the election of Wankupar was after receiving the consensus of all the candidates who have applied for tickets that they are ready to support him as a candidate in the upcoming elections.
The total number of cases in the past 24 hours has risen to 62,5
Membership of MBOCWB will be limited to those who work as mystery workers in foreign land, shooting and quarrying, muster roll workers in PWD (Rds & Bldg) and PHE departments. schemes from the MBOCWB and can no longer apply for other financial assistance from the Labor Department of the State Government.
He added that the construction of the Mini Secretariat will facilitate the services to the people and to have all the government departments to provide services to the people.
There are now between 13 and 14 lakh children of Hynniewtrep.
Achik Barbuyia and Sunil Nath of Cachar were taken to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment but the driver died on the spot. care facility.
He said that the influx of people to Moolamylliang village continues and the children, youth and even the elderly have witnessed the happiness of the village and many of them are eager to return home especially. children are children.
Chamoli DM Himanshu Khurana held a meeting with the heads of various departments at Joshimath to discuss the steps to be taken for the construction and maintenance of various parts. which were torn and destroyed in the area.
SHILLONG: BSF troops have seized 0.622 kg and 10.83 grams of heroin and WY tablets near Pomshutia village under Pynursla Police Station.
The relevant department has also promised to take action on this issue and to hold talks between the two districts.
Therefore, if each school has about 800 students, there are at least 500 or 600 small vehicles parked along the road without those schools. from the time they came to school until the time they came to school.
I am shocked to see the damage to this school building.
It will continue to explain why it is not an easy job for it, while it will immediately ban the illegal trade in coal, from illegal mining, illegal smuggling to illegal immigration.
On Instagram, she wrote, “Yesterday when he died of an aneurysm, I was in the room with him, and he gave me a necklace that he had made especially for me, after which we I went to bed, and when we had finished fighting, I went to sleep.
Shaniahskhem Dkhar, President of the Circle, Ma Kyrshan Dkhar and other members of the Circle led by the President of the Circle, Ma Kyrshan Dkhar and other members of the Circle. The village to help by donating money as they receive as a sign of support for this family.
He said that he had noticed that the fish came out and fled in search of food. three kilometers away, where people kill plants and garbage by spraying with this drug, these two ksing died immediately while the 40 ksing which he returned to the field did not use this drug. pesticides don't kill you.
Speaking on the occasion, the People's Democratic Front (PDF) candidate (People's Democratic Front (PDF)) (UDP, NPP, HSPDP and Congress) PDF) Mawkynrew u la ong, “I don't have anything to blame them because I have done my job, and what the people of the constituency have witnessed through the work I have done, the people will decide to elect them. I will vote for you in this upcoming election.
However, the present study suggested otherwise.
This year's preparations for the Mawbynna Festival have been no different as everything has been transformed from the buildings to the way the programs are conducted.
Therefore, to avoid this problem, the cooperation of all the villagers is needed.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today held a meeting.
“With a spirit of responsibility and courage, if the time comes for the cause of the nation, we will not hesitate to face the challenges and we will stand firm in this country of democracy for our own nation.
Regarding the measures to curb the spread of Corona Virus, the MPLU urges the Meghalaya government to work with the Rangbah Shnongs, Dorbar Shnongs, Nokmas and to promote Village Employment. Councils (VECs) to Village Corona Defense Parties (VCDPs) as part of the education campaign on Corona in each village.
to mention those Jews from all over the world.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, President of AITC, Pynthorumkhrah, who is also a candidate, said that it is the issues that AITC stands for and the skills of Dr. Mukul Sangma as a leader. AITC. He also condemned the increase in the price of commodities which the people have suffered and the terrible suffering of the people.
We obviously understand that it has been a business for some.
The counting of votes will be held on the 3rd of October.
The incident happened at 11:30 pm on Sunday when the suspect allegedly came to the house of Sawai to go to school and broke the door by knocking to enter the house. he hath determined to destroy my soul.
However, the Prime Minister's failure to keep his promise has angered the teachers.
Photo Series byReference:U Lei Shillong, known as the God of the Khasi, sent His beloved Son, 'Pah syntiew' to earth, to bring about a close relationship between Himself and u Humanity.
On the 12th of June, he donated a Wheel Chair to a child with disabilities in West Khasi Hills District at his own expense. and some encouragement and support from his friends.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the decision taken at the meeting was for any group or organization who wishes to appeal to the KHADC. The Supreme Court or those who have already appealed to the Supreme Court against the ban on coal mining by the NGT should first consult with the District Council so that the grounds for their appearance in court should be exactly the same grounds. KHADC said that according to the rules, the land is not shyiap.
“However, we are surprised that he was given back the job in November 2014 and he paid 42 days salary and misused the money of T.1 lakh but nothing was done. Even after lodging complaints from time to time, another work order has been allocated for 339 jobs but only for 279 jobs. When the people of the block learned of this, they ordered him to pay without delay,” said Raju.
Those supporters who won the candidate are happy because they have won while those who lost the candidate have become big enemies, they will not get anything from the MLA even if the party wins. They also support the formation of a government.
They turned off the light and went to sleep.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Central Circle on Saturday announced a rally on the 8th of this month to protest against the shooting death of a man from Laitlyngkot. Roning Nongkynrih, 35, of Border Security Force (BSF).
When asked whether the TMC will cooperate with any party in the state to form a government, he said the TMC has already decided to cooperate only with the people and not with any party.
“During the elections, the people of Mukroh and other villages from Block 1 come to vote, so now where are the leaders to look after this burden of ours?
We complain here that those who oppose have not received money, while those who support have received money.
He said that the ADM has already sent a proposal to the Wahseij village road and this work is in progress with the Basin Development Department. to look after the facilities on this road.
From the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, the UDP has already announced that it wants to nominate two candidates for the MP seat, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Paul Lyngdoh. I have contested for the M.P but I have not won.
Of the 54 dead, 16 bodies were placed at the morgue at Churanchandpur District Hospital, 15 at the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science in Imphal East District, and 18 bodies at the morgue. at Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) in Imphal.
He is the President of the Coordination Committee of Registered MeECL (CCORMAU) and the MeECL Engineers' Association (MEA).
She said that to allege that there is such an explosion is wrong and this can only happen if the ore is cleaned in the laboratory.
In the Women's Doubles, Ibalari Siangshai and Pretty Mary Sumer beat Balashembha Passah and Emilanadaka 21-19, 15-21, 24-2 .
However, the woman turned off her mobile phone and fled when she saw the light inside the room.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has been stabbed to death a day after his 56th birthday at his farm at Panvel Farmhouse.
The master or employer must pay his workers a fair and just wage, for “It is worthy of the worker that he should receive his wages.
Therefore, the union urges the government to take immediate action on this issue which has affected the nation in front of the world.
Shillong: Former General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Auguster Jyrwa will contest the 2019 MDC election from Jaiaw constituency from the Congress party.
The temperature is suitable for this plant, the rainfall is also sufficient.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 27: The government has suspended the funds for the implementation of the 1000 days scheme under the Mawshynrut C&RD Block. AEC and VECs of various villages.
Such people go to church because they believe that the Coronavirus will not dare to enter the house of God.
These cows, worth T.38 lakh, were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Because those who buy 10 kilos or 100 kilos of fish are a huge expenditure on their income, even if they understand the benefits of medicine, they don't eat fish.
On the 2nd, the Food Safety Officer sent a team to inspect the food supply to the students of the school and took samples and sent them for testing to Mitra SK Private. Limited, Building P-48, Udayan Industrial Estate, 3 PAgladanga Road, Kolkata West Bengal.
A church that walks according to the Bible especially the New Testament is a church that preaches and wins many souls to the LORD. for people on the road to heaven to have a shared learning and cooperation.
Armenia and Azerbaijan have fought two wars over the mountainous regions since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Dr. Kharlukhi made this donation on 02nd October, 2023 in the presence of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew, Bah G. Dhar, BDO Mawkynrew. C&RD Block, officers, village leaders and elders.
The reason for my conviction that he is not involved is because I had a gall bladder operation and was discharged from Mission Hospital, Tura at 1 pm this morning.
The water of this thwei is very strong and has a whirlpool that turns around and in English this type is called a whirlpool.
Deputy Inspector General of Police (Jalandhar Range) Swapan Sharma and Senior Superintendent of Police (Jalandhar Range) Swarandeep Singh Amritpal said that the son of Amritpal was arrested. Harjit Singh and his driver Harpreet Singh on Sunday night went to surrender near a Sikh temple in Mehatpur area of ​​Jalandhar.
“This shows that the minister has misled the house,” said the South Tura MLA.
Ňiuma, other sportsmen, singers, writers, journalists, independent thinkers, farmers, shopkeepers, bus, taxi drivers, contractors, mystery, market dwellers, domestic workers and others workers who cut stone and wood, who shed blood and contribute to the income of the State.
According to the Union leaders, there are 241 students of the Education Department and these are only 1st Semester but there are only 2 teachers.
Congress Leader and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala on October 26 said that the BJP will not win more than 200 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
New Delhi, Nailur 08: British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has said that he is proud to be a Hindu and when he arrives in India he feels like his brother-in-law.
Himanta Biswa said the two Governments have also decided to dissolve the Judicial Inquiry Commissions which they have appointed as they have not reached anywhere.
“There is Article 355, so it is the duty of the state government and the Indian government to provide peace to the citizens,” said the National Vice President of the NPP. .
Mr. Alison Kharsyntiew.
These foods can help reduce oxidative stress, strengthen and improve alertness and concentration.
Now the teachers are being punished, while the Harijans in Them Mawlong are not happy because they are poor.
The statue was inaugurated by the Chief Guest, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar and the flag was hoisted by the former Chief of KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem in the presence of the dignitaries. Dr DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Authors' Society, elders from Sohra village and KSU youth from other branches of the state.
He alleged that the Congress leadership has remained silent on his speech and alleged that the party likes to follow foreign methods for the future which has started since from the time of Jawaharlal Nehru to Rahul Gandhi.
I believe that what we will do will be through careful consideration and the decisions will be informed to the public through the media,” said Dr Ampareen.
When the reporters saw that the group of Bah Joseph Lyngdoh, had opposed the election of Rangbah Shnong of KHADC, they received an explanation from these opponents, in which the main reason is because of the absence of Mr. Angelus Sun.
They informed that the Urban Development Department will have to issue an order to the employees living in Them Iew Mawlong to move to their quarters.
NASA believes that the path of the asteroid, this time, is very close to Earth and therefore, a thorough investigation is needed.
In Meghalaya, the Assembly has 60 seats and if we count 33%, it means that there will be about 20 seats or 20 constituencies for women.
Thus, the Hima Langrin has donated 4 lakh tyngka to 36 churches, both small and large, within the Hima.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Vice Chairman of the Western Ri Bhoi Development Council (WRBDC), Bah Najim Kharmalki said that the disease has spread like wildfire until three or four people from the same household have contracted the disease. He was taken to Nongpoh Hospital for treatment.
The Government/Minister/MLA needs to look at how they work in the state as a whole.
Dr Mohrmen, who has long decided to enter the political arena, has decided to announce that he will contest the election on Saturday at the launch of a book he has written. “The Light of the Past” at a meeting held at HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai.
This fund also brings an offer for investors and gives them the opportunity to invest in small businesses but with the potential to grow into medium and large companies.
The total number of recoveries is 5,142 and the total number of deaths is
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) invites schools, villages, clubs, organizations and teams to participate in the Meghalaya Baby League
In the fourth match, Pommura SC beat Laitkroh Sports Club 3-1
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K Sangma said that Limison Sangma has won the MLA election from Raksamgre twice in a row and is a well-known politician. The NPP will win the next election in
The polling station with the fewest number of voters is Kamsing.
The Cultural and Community Hall at the cost of 30 lakh tyngka was inaugurated on the 10th of this month.
This was achieved after beating Mooknor Thadmuthlong 1-0 in the final match held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Tuesday.
Nongpoh: U Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that many people in the state do not know that Marmain area in Ri Bhoi District is a border area and is close to Assam through Sunapur.
The speech of Bah Ardent at these times and the speech of Bah Hubert today have surprised the journalists because it is completely different.
The Best Scout Master Award was awarded to Jonas K Pala of Tome Memorial Scout Troop/Sec School, Mooralong, Jowai. .School, Moosalyngkat, Jowai.
This was announced by Babu KW Nongrum, Publicity Secretary, St. Paul's Parish Upper Shillong.
According to the statement of the girl to her father after she escaped from the hands of the robbers, she said that while she was sitting in the house, suddenly two robbers came and robbed her. They also tied her with a cloth from her mouth and took her back into the forest about 500 meters away from the house.
Nisilia scored the second goal in the 20th minute.
Walter Paul Lyngdoh, son of Rosina Lyngdoh and Lud Kalben Swer, residents of Mawlai Kynton Massar Block-B, passed away on 9/04/2 .
(I don't have this writing).
Am I a thief who has committed crimes in society or who has defamed the Seng? Why don't those leaders want to investigate or even talk face to face whether it is true or not? to be strongly criticized in the newspapers, not to be criticized without proper grounds.
Speaking at the meeting, Hon'ble MP, Conrad K. Sangma congratulated the party leaders in Ri Bhoi District who have worked hard to strengthen the party and praised the leaders of Jirang Constituency who have worked hard to strengthen the party. came forward to support the party this time.
On arrival at Amlarem, a short meeting was held to explain to the people the value of each vote of the residents.
“Only an independent investigation can bring to light whether the allegations of corruption are true or not and the prime minister as the chief leader should conduct an independent investigation,” he said. .
On the other hand, the father of the girl and his friends also went to the school to get clarification but she complained to the father that the authorities tried to cover up the miaw but there were no police when they took her away. The girl was taken to the hospital for allegedly committing suicide, but the school authorities took the body without the presence of her father.
Shabas bah ryntathiang, As a name, as a job, all the people see that the job speaks more than the language. If there are only 5 people like bah ryntathiang, KHADC The Khasi people will continue to live, but they will not be sharia.
He said that in these states, there are three types of schools, government schools, government aided schools and private schools without government assistance.
The next day, on the 28th at about 3.30 pm, the children of the mother and some members of the family took the mother to Ialong Civil Hospital for treatment. , but due to lack of medical equipment, they sent him to Mission Hospital Jowai and there they could not provide assistance. They sent him to Civil Hospital, Shillong and there they could not treat him. She was rushed to NEIGHRIMS Hospital but died at 6:30 pm today.
“Until now I don't know when they will return to Bangladesh after they have been in the state for four months,” he said.
"Anyone can vote because there is no body in charge of this," they said.
The party demands that the government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma should immediately resolve these issues in the state, otherwise the party and the people will take another path.
The protest against the removal of Bah Ernest Mawrie from the post of President has intensified in the past years, including two MLAs of the party and leaders from across the districts in the state. .
According to the photographs released by the fire brigade, the front of one of the two trains was damaged in the head-on collision with the other train.
Furthermore, Conrad also allocated for the construction of the New Shillong Township at a cost of Rs 1200 crore, including the construction of a new Secretariat, office buildings. , sports venues, tourist attractions, shopping malls and others.
Shillong, Lber, 19: Three persons including two from Mynsain and one from Nongbsap village have been taken into custody by the Sohiong Out Post Police after two criminals were bombed by the mob in Mawthlong village on Saturday last month.
“95 out of 100 residents of Sohphoh live on agriculture, but due to the government's closure of villages to prevent the spread of COVID-19, many farmers have been affected. the market even though it is time to harvest their crops.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today lifted the curfew in Shillong from 5 pm this morning.
The price of commercial taxis in Shillong has been issued by the Department of Transport through the Government vide Notification No.TPT.91/80/7 , dated 13th January , 2020.
“For our part, we had the idea of ​​building a modern cremation, but the village did not allow it.
Chief Election Commissioner Sunil Arora said that 18.68 crore voters will cast their votes for 824 candidates at 2.7 lakh polling stations.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday, 5th June, 2014 at the Lum Kyntang of the Catholic Church, Laitumkhrah at 10 pm.
They can also develop measures to protect women and children from being attacked by any robbers and extortionists.
“There is a saying that the money is the one who accepts the vote and the lion.
Explaining the experience of Bah Vicky, he said that Bah Prestone had deceived him regarding his start to start a business, which he changed his mind later.
Adelbert Nongrum, also expressed his dissatisfaction with the government's management of this issue and said that he intends to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State Government. Prestone Tynsong, on the last day of the meeting.
He said that the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex which has been laid the foundation stone by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has been going smoothly and he hopes that the presence of this ground will help to develop the new talents of the children and teachers. youth in the district.
Others were DC Garod LSN Dykes, former MLA of Nongstoin College and President of the Governing Body of Nongstoin College Macmillan Byrsat. , Principals from other schools, members of the Governing and Sponsoring Body, teachers, children and others.
The union has also sought clarification from the Forest Department how they can allow the cutting and destruction of the forest to the private sector where the cutting of trees in the forest has been terrible and the union will also hold a The Forest Department has allowed a private person to cut down trees from the forest.
What is the decision of the Court we will have to see first.
Despite a fierce match, the match in all 90 minutes came to an end when the match was taken to the penalty shootout.
The land at Balalgre will be used for the construction of the Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University and the College of Architecture & Urban Planning.
Nongpoh: The driver and passenger of a burnt coke truck (NL-01G-5283) have escaped from a tragic accident. The incident occurred at a more remote area on the NH-6 Ri Bhoi and falls under Shangbangla village.
The present leaders have also worked hard until the end but nothing has happened and the struggle continues.
Dhar said the goal of these Regional Committees is to send their reports by April.
Protest against the State Government ::: This is the protest of those of us who have been persecuted; Pararot, The time has come for us to stand together.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his party will talk to the Meghalaya and Assam governments to ensure peace and stability in the state. protection for the people living on both sides of the border.
He said that since he was with the UDP under the leadership of Bah Anvil Lyngdoh, the jobs have been pleasant to work on but in these few days after the entry of UDP. Mr. Renikton is no longer like that.
Speaking to reporters, some of these Congress leaders said that they are still trying to show the people not to be in a hurry to leave the party, but they said that They received a reply that the people had rejected the Congress party and they were ashamed to remain in the Congress party.
Elephant Whisperers, a Netflix film directed by Kartiki Gonsalves and produced by Guneet Mo Nga, was released on 13th October. for Best Documentary Short Film.
They urged the government to expedite the completion of the entry point and also to implement the MRSSA 2016, in order to protect the people from being invaded by foreigners.
The Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has said that if the demand to make Tura the capital during the rainy season is on the basis of development projects, it still needs to turn more places into capital. especially those areas and districts which are lagging behind in development whether it is West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills or Ri-Bhoi District and others.
The closing date for receipt of applications is the 30th of this month, which should be sent online to nhrcshortfilm@gmail.com, using a Google drive folder.
The Naga Students' Union (NSU) Shillong has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident at Mukroh village in which seven precious souls lost their lives.
Shillong: A total of 64,269 candidates have appeared for the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination, 2021, of which 34,003 have passed and 52.91 percent have passed.
Shillong: A 15-month-old child has been stabbed to death by his father at Amlanai village in Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District. on the 14th of January.
They also threw stones at him.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basiawmoit on Tuesday said that according to the Constitution, if there is any conflict between the laws of the State Government and the District Council, it is clear that the laws of the District Council. they shall die.
There he is waiting for the resurrection of sinners.
Not only to protect the animals but the most important thing is to preserve the forests and in this regard the government will take measures to educate the public on this issue, said Bah Tynsong.
Before the tree planting ceremony, a short meeting was held in which a speech was delivered by S.Kharsahnoh, DSEO, SWKHD, Bah GDKharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, Mawkyrwat and Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS Deputy Commissioner South West. Khasi Hills District as the chief guest were also other government officials, ministers, teachers and school children from Mawkyrwat.
The delegation was led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
It is to be recalled that the college is the first school in the state to send uniforms to the students since the inception of the college in you month.
Other dignitaries of the Hima Bhowal were also present including the leaders of the Hima, Bah John F Kharshing, Syiems, Sordars. various Hima and Elaka and government officers and children of the Bhowal Hima.
Meanwhile, Lanosha went to prepare food for everyone.
He said that his RTI request is only for East Khasi Hills and in the reply he received he said that the names of people from other ethnic groups who are Khasi are good. .
This event will also serve as an opening for young women who have the desire to enter the field of modeling, public speaking and through this event they will be trained to read, develop and improve their skills. their clothes in preparation for their own future.
It is no longer possible even to pay the salaries of its employees".
These areas were also affected by the earthquake, especially in the Hindu Kush Mountains.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Director of Sports, Isawanda Laloo as the chief guest in the presence of the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) John F.Kharshiing as the chief guest. Paia War Nongbri and Bah Khroo Passah, District Sports Officers, coaches, school children and others.
To avoid the Assamese disease, the doctors of the APHLC Medical College in those years demanded that the Government of India should provide the Hill State drug, but these doctors were diagnosed. ) also that the nation suffers from Autophobia.
Even now, in our wealth, we have sold stone and shyïap while all the forests have been destroyed.
The farmers also expressed their deep sorrow that despite this difficulty, they said that the harassment by the traders who came to buy the products of the farmers, has been excessive.
If the road is bad, the people will suffer, because they will be charged high fares and this will affect the farmers and the villagers especially in this state where the authorities have not pushed too much for the problems of the villagers.
What is surprising is that this doctor belongs to the Khasi clan while the writing style seems to be not written by a Khasi because it is written in the list of diseases that he has. to treat Shopet, Tujaw, Children's Disease, Lamwier, Sini, Saheiw, Jung Dong, Khluit Deing, Babrit Bird Disease, Thelin, Rin and others.
Speaking on the cleanliness of the market, the Governor said that Mawlynnong is famous in Asia as the cleanest town, and he wants the market to bring glory to the state. as the cleanest Market in the whole country.
Only Darikupar Warjri scored 12 runs from 8 balls.
The people should not be blamed because they need a curfew pass to go to their workplaces.
Titostrawell said that on the day of Amit Shah's visit to the state, the Council did not send any more petitions to him, after they did not have time to meet him.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today awarded the prizes to the youth who have brought honor in the field of sports. KSU and FKJGP in the presence of children have won gold and silver medals in various sports competitions. The parents of the children also held a discussion on many of the needs and challenges faced by the talented youth who have taken part in the Inter State and outside the state. (International) many of the challenges they have faced in terms of how to meet their needs either in terms of money or equipment.
The union has given 10 days to all those outside the Khatarshnong area to leave the area from the date of publication of this news until further notice.
He also praised the initiative taken through the Tobacco-Free Educational Institutions (ToFEI) programme, which is funded by the state government in collaboration with NEIGRIHMS and Sambandh Health Foundation. This program will be implemented across the country in order to bring about change.
The Deputy Commissioner, who is also the Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), East Jaintia Hills District, has urged the residents to take precautionary measures by refraining from going near the tower which has collapsed. the village of Shymlong.
The farmers have lodged a complaint with the government department in charge of the problem of the soh farmers, but till now the government officials have not come to inspect these fields.
On March 3, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and Home Minister Amit Shah spoke to Chirag Paswan to inquire about his father's health. .
In the HSSLC Arts stream, St. Anthony's HSS and St. Edmund's HSS came first, second and third respectively.
The religious leaders also said that the government should provide protection not only to Christians in India, but also to other religions without naming them. receive that freedom of worship, whether it belongs to any religion.
This is the complaint of Granary S Thangkhiew, Mawlai Police Station, in connection with the shooting death of his brother, Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
But is that really the intention? The subject related to the management and conservation of forests is on the Concurrent List.
There was also a drama on Dharti Kahe Pukar Ke which explained the traditional farming methods, environmental protection and health performed by the members of the Self Help Group which attracted the attention of the villagers.
“However, Bah Sanbor's allegation is stingy because he himself does not speak inside the Ingdorbar and does not come to the Ingdorbar.
In Shillong, the water supply is in the Umkhrah River.
Also present on the occasion were MCS, ADC, GD Kharwanlang, MPS, I. Lawrniang, MCS, Block Development. Mawkyrwat C&RD Block Officer, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and others.
“We cannot just talk about this issue because we don't want to destroy the society.
May Allah bless you both.
The Seng Khasi, which started yesterday, held a meeting with the leaders of the Seng Khasi at the Seng Khasi Hall at Spengthawlangmlah, New Nongstoiñ. There is a prayer to the Creator and a ritual according to the customs of our ancestors.
Roshan Warjri also promised that the government will continue to proceed according to the terms of the peace agreement between the government and the rebel groups.
However, the good news is the opening of Gaddez Salon-Get Styled by a young man which is in line with other large shops which is completely equipped from the arrangement of rooms to grooming and improvement.
Some we see in the News arrested and returned, But listen! According to a research by Professor Dr. Amarjeet Singh, there are about 15 million mynder in India and if we deport them like we do, and now it will take India 1000 (Thousand) years to return them.
And it came to pass, when he had made ready a meat for his servants, and they were eating, that they lifted up their voice, and said, Alas! man of God, there is death in the grave.
Speaking to reporters, Valmiki said Rahul had sworn never to marry and the reason was to abolish the rule of one family.
He said that the RTI shows that it is the KHADC which has allowed the Tangjait of foreigners, because even the lists of these foreigners have been accepted by the KHADC. you have allowed a foreigner to enter Tangjait.
There have been 82 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
The programme, known as “Pariksha Pe Charcha”, was held for the fifth time, with the aim of giving advice and encouragement to the students who will take the examination. to be free from anxiety and fear during the examinations and to write without any fear of anxiety or anxiety to the children.
Once born where to put the baby.
Aristerwell Suting took one wicket for 40 runs in 4 overs for Pomshutia CC. They scored 124 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 20 overs.
“The implementation of the social agreement between the three parties has not been as expected due to the negligence of the Government,” said Marak. The Government has taken advantage of the discussions while the leaders involved in the signing of the soskular are excluded.
The night curfew and Section 144 CrPC will come into force after the deadline stipulated in the notice.
According to the order, no one will be allowed to enter the Containment Zone except the health workers and those who have received permission from the Incident Commander in charge. except farmers and those involved in 100 days wages.
Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the party will wait for the government to take action.
Jayanta Das, Cluster General Manager North East, Darjeeling and General Manager, Vivanta Guwahati, IHCL were the chief guests.
He said that if the government intends to set up these border outposts, they should not be temporary and to ensure that the police should be empowered to provide security to the residents on the border without waiting for the police. the command of the higher authorities.
In the second half, Tluh and Shnongrim ended without a goal.
In the petition, the Dorbar Shnong also expressed to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare the need to upgrade the Lamin Sub-Health Center (SHC) to a Public Health Center (PHC).
Six employees identified as Muzabil Haque, 23, Amino Talukdar, 20, Nazarul Haque, 24, Minnat Ali, 27 and Hanuj Ali were arrested. 40) and Kaibul Islam were seriously injured and were taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment, police said.
Therefore, the soul cannot be resurrected after death.
Perhaps in the north there are not many issues to discuss in the election campaigns and the conflict is more severe this time compared to the situation in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
“The Prime Minister was very pleased to see the attendance of so many people at his meetings.
"In this regard, Dr Golam Mohiuddin.
The spinner has been able to achieve this goal in just a few games.
However, what has happened in Meghalaya is that the SSA scheme has been implemented in private schools, church or religious schools and there are also some SSA schools set up by the Government.
Teachers and students of NEHU also paid tribute in front of the statue of Pa Togan Sangma and after this a speech was delivered by Dr. Jacqueline R. Marak from the University of Nepal. Department of Garo, North-Eastern Hill University, Tura Campus.
According to a document received by Rupang, the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima and the Dorbar signed a MoU which was registered at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills on 14th June. , 2015.
“Our job is to provide vehicles, dancers, participants, tynghung and others for these two days of the festival,” said Bah Kharkongor.
“We used to say that government employees are government servants and remember that the government employees are us, they are the only ones who lead us for five years, therefore, government employees should put first. the public in their operation" he said.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) expects the BJP-NDA Government to move forward in the implementation of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (17 August 1947). and signed between the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States and promises and treaties with the Nagas, as the BJP Government has worked quickly to resolve the issues of Jammu & Kashmir.
Shillong: The Wildlife Department of the Forest and Environment Department, in collaboration with the State Police and the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB), has seized several live animals and meat. also, in two different places.
Unfortunately, this struggle has not reached its goal for more than 40 years.
More than 40 people from children to women from Nongkhrah village, Ri Bhoi district have become ill after eating food distributed at a wedding party on the 10th of this month. June 2023.
After the search, two soap boxes containing powder were recovered and after testing, it was found to be heroin weighing 24.76 grams.
"“How can I explain the law to the government?
We used to see that there were power outages in October or at the end of June,” Sangma told reporters.
“If we could open this vacancy in many government hospitals, schools and pay salaries, we would have been able to use this money to collect,” he added.
The authorities have directed the tourists as well as the believers to keep themselves as clean as possible in these places.
The last Congress Government, after the protests of 13 NGOs, the former Chief Minister promised to take action against the entry of mynder into Meghalaya through the Entry and Exit Points, in all ways. However, this decision has not been implemented even after the new government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma came to power.
The question is – Who started this campaign of distribution of goods and money?
It is learned that the woman is poor and the baby is still 2 or 3 months old.
The game was held as part of the efforts to bring closeness among the kurs and to strengthen the kur relationship.
Likewise, such a situation in Meghalaya will affect all the residents,” said the spokesperson.
The Mega Mystery North East was hosted by fashion designer Abhijeet Singha.
The state will also receive T.1,033 crore as revenue deficit grant, T.76 crore as grants for disaster management, T.140 crore for Autonomous District Councils and T.69 crore for Urban Local. Bodies and T.59 crore as grants for the health sector, and the total amount to be received from the CM will be T.7,641 crore, he said.
The FTCCM has urged all foreign traders, employees and truck drivers to get vaccinated against COVID-19 to prevent the spread of the disease.
Wahida Passah (Wife) Children and Family.
After the blessing of the house by Father Manbha Pakem, a speech of thanks was delivered by Ma Sahon Phawa President of the Kur Phawa Mihmyntdu Unit. this house.
Also present on the occasion were Pynshai Kharbani President FKJGP Nongstoin and other members of the party.
(Col 4:2) and to the Thessalonians he says that they should encourage the weak, and exhort the weak (Thes 5:14). Encouragement for our brothers and sisters is very important, whether in prayer or in words of encouragement, that we may show together all these good things.
Seven residents were killed and two others seriously injured in the incident.
The responsibility to pay salary/allowance to the home guard volunteers also lies with the agencies that employ them, he said, adding that all matters related to the service of these volunteers such as suspension, recruitment sufficient, etc., depends on the authority of the agencies paying the total fees.
As it is now, Garo friends are the ones who are moving forward and there will be no difficulty in understanding the fact that within our own state there should be no discrimination in employment. get jam or the unity of the state.
“Hooid, if the SP has filed a sou-mo-to case against him on that Public Notice, the SP will know. In another incident, she alleged that it is not known whether Bah Marshall has tried to take advantage of the land fee. NBCC doesn't have a sign.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (Traffic), East Khasi Hills, today issued a statement saying that those white and blue taxis are operating in Shillong and it is not their place. , to earn money in the city and thus violated the rules, which is specified in their vehicle permit and the police will prosecute them, according to the rules of the MV Act, said the statement.
(d) The jhur and soh produced from the garden shall be disposed of according to the directives of the Village Authority.
He also thanked the team of journalists who have always helped and supported the development of football and other sports.
The most beautiful and numerous tourist attractions in Meghalaya are located in the rural areas; There are no beautiful places in the countryside that attract tourists.
Also present on the occasion were the BDO of Laskeiñ Dr Brightstar Langbang, the Waheh Shnong of Kyndongtuber, Ma Shiva E. Siangshai and others.
Leaders of HANM Jaintia Zone including President Mihsalan Thoo and General Secretary Wankishwa Mawlong said that the HANM Jaintia Zone strongly condemns the failure of the check gates. Infiltration Check Gates in Bhoi District and Ratacherra East Jaintia Hills District and urged them to take action to check the entry and exit of mynder so that such incidents should not happen again in the future.
Shillong, July 19: Four persons identified as Bokstar Nongbri, Wanbiang Lamare, Rishan Lamare and another unidentified person have entered the house at 7 pm on the 14th of this month. Sistina Lamare, resident of Umraling, Raid Madan Kyrdem, Ri Bhoi district, was arrested on Wednesday morning at the house of Sistina Lamare. she touched it only because of the desire to steal the land she had received from the kurs.
The struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India has continued and not only continues, but has also surprised many, why it has not yet received the the promise of the Central Government to incorporate or recognize the Eight Schedule in the Constitution of the country.
This order shall come into force immediately from the date of its issuance last night and shall continue until the issuance of another.
On the other hand, the union said that first the government should introduce the ILP and then think about the railway.
The Hima Mawphlang has agreed with the KHADC that after the Monolith Festival, the proceeds of the construction which the KHADC will spend up to T.5 crore will be distributed equally between the KHADC and the Hima. The Monolith Festival is over.
Pray and ask God for strength that God will give us victory in this area.
I didn't show any symptoms outside and so, I decided to stay at home.
It may be that those characters which are not necessary in the Khasi language have been removed without considering other languages ​​from the regions around the Khasi Hills.
The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Jowai on Saturday inaugurated the 25th Silver Jubilee of the Lion Sports and Youth Affairs (LSYA).
The last greetings were also attended by not only politicians but also leaders of religious groups including Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, leaders of many Christian churches. the spirit of the people.
Not only that, the distribution of pigs, cattle, the government is not bad for the good intention of improving the income of the farmers as well as the distribution of money to the Self Help Groups (SHGs) , Producer Groups (PGs) to develop rural farmers.
“Rida understand now that I love you with all my heart.
According to sources, the Pakistan Cricket Team has expressed its dissatisfaction and happiness to play some matches with some of the teams that will participate in the stadiums. that this year's ODIs World Cup will be held in India; These include the match against Afghanistan in Chennai and the match against Australia in Bengaluru.
Chief Secretary Donald Phillips Wahlang as the chief guest and Melissa Kharpuri from Mattithaw and Deiriti as the chief guest.
They should also build storage tanks to drain water from the coal mine and to treat the water contaminated with chemicals.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, has made it clear that the party will not accept supporters who are willing to spread rumors in the media and those who insult the leaders. religion.
It is true that God bless you.
He said that DDU-GKY has enabled the youth to get opportunities in many fields and to stand on their own feet in the employment sector.
Regarding the incident, the Food Safety Department and the Chamber of Commerce Longleng have visited the patients at the hospital to conduct further investigation.
So often traditional roots and teaching do not allow changes or innovation to occur and prevent growth and freedom.
The residents of Khanduli village on Monday protested against the signboard of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), Assam which reads 'Khanduli Entry Tax'
Unlike during the day, this evening market brings interaction through music, food and drink and local products.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos Star Well Chyne, today said that after the KHADC has conducted the issuance of Labor License to foreigners driving commercial vehicles, many of them came to apply for a Labor Licence.
While walking, standing and sitting inside the vehicle, the people of the area could hear the complaint of the traffic jam, which has disrupted their work.
In the past few days, the JMB has already conducted this disinfection campaign in public places and market places in Jowai followed by branches in Ladthalaboh area and others.
In this match, Mawsiang played in all aspects at Nangbah Khloopano and in most cases Mawsiang played in the middle of the match.
Mukul said he has implemented the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme, a scheme to provide health care to the poor and has launched a scheme to provide assistance to children who want to give birth. “It is time to change and choose change,” said Mukul Sangma, adding that all the MPs have been sent to be elected from one household.
BJP State President Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday said that the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam has reached 60%.
The reason is that the State Government, in its Act, has directed those who have married, to go to the Marriage Registrar, to complete the marriage registration and these will be the Magistrate or persons, appointed by the State Government.
The competition was held and was attended by start-ups, technology providers, technical training centers and entrepreneurs in nine categories.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has issued a containment zone under Section 144 CrPC in the neighboring villages. Umshru, Sakunjira and Halher have been placed in the Containment Zone.
Urging the people not to think that by voting they will escape being counted dead, he said, “Go and vote because life and death depends on your and mine vote”.
There are about 1500 Khasi people in this village who live by farming kwai and tympew with the participation of the Nagas, but from time to time the Bengalis and Meitei come to cross the border to the Khasi residents. .
However, they shall not speak on any village affairs.
Besides, Bah Ardent said to the residents that if they start working again to erect these païa after the suspension, all the residents will gather to suspend.
Shakliar Warjri has been appointed to the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs, Labor and Registration and Stamps Department.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today wrote on his Facebook page that four people who have been in close contact with a covid-19 patient have tested positive for coronavirus in Ri Bhoi District.
“We have been in office for many years and the state government should fight TET for us before we run and not implement it now which is unacceptable,” he added.
The reason why the MDC of Nongpoh has gathered these Chief Executive Members, is after receiving many complaints regarding the problem of these foreign children to get the Schedule Tribe, because Until now, such children from foreign countries who have been brought in by Rang Khai, are still facing difficulties in obtaining Schedule Tribe Certificates, which is because of the import of foreign women. The Shaw Bhoi or Ring Bia and Lam Bhoi have not yet been included in the Khasi customs and traditions, which is also in accordance with the Khasi Custom of Lineage Act,
Mourinho has been with Manchester United for two and a half years and his last game in charge was against Liverpool, where United lost 3-1 on Sunday. Blei is not late.
HELLO!!!   TRAILS!!! GOOD HIND!!!.
Are we ready to lose all these things that God the Creator has given us?
In the past nine days, there have been 935,000 new cases of covid-19 worldwide every day from 22nd to 28th November
For 14 years, Jafar and Saeedi had to live in Iran without being allowed to travel to any country after the government banned them.
In the few years that the coal mining has spread to other parts of the district, there has been an increase in income and the markets have been filled with tourists and everyone has lived a good life. life is not perfect.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Following the allegation by the Ministers of Mylliem Hima who are in the opposition that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem and several Ministers of Mylliem Hima have sold and sold The Ministers of the Hima today denied the allegation that the Syiem's ​​Forest (Shnat Raid Mawpat) has been sold to various church groups. that it is only an unfounded allegation but only a political matter to find reasons how to overthrow the Syiem.
Dachanmitre Dkhar scored the goals in the 17th and 55th minutes and Chelangki Shylla in the 25th minute.
I congratulate the MPSCB for going here and there to find out the truth.
In a letter sent to the Central Government, the UDP has complained against the state government's decision to extend the term of office of the GHADC, saying that it is a mismanagement without following the rules and regulations. in the constitution of the country.
He said that regarding the meeting of the Sengbhalang and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs which was held yesterday at the Dorbar Mission Compound, he said that they have taken a decision that the Rangbah Shnongs The villagers together with the Sengbhalang will invite the 30 MDCs of the KHADC to explain that they should include these rules in the Act.
Sources said that until now, the UDP leaders have been more supportive of the party leader from the area, Bah Oland Suin who is also the President of the UDP Mawsynram and also the President of the UDP Mawsynram. Vice President of UDP East Khasi Hills.
For this purpose, all the owners of these pharmacies have been given time to install these CCTV cameras within two days. anything can time.
Since ancient times the Arabs have persecuted the Jews and taken them captive to Babylon and elsewhere.
This is the second complaint against Gogoi for his protest in 2019 against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The HYC strongly condemns the failure of MePDCL and the inability to pay hundreds of crores of rupees to NEEPCO which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the State.
Participants will have to register at the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong located at JN Sports Complex Polo, Shillong from 15th -20th July, 2020 only during working hours.
According to a copy of the 12 issues received by Rupang, the Governor has sought clarification from the state government after sending the Ministry of Home Affairs. villagers, including women, to participate in the formation of the Dorbar Shnong will not be democratic and unconstitutional.
On the other hand, the school authorities on this occasion also honored the elders, the first teachers, the first pass students of the school and thanked them for their contribution. the school.
We live on this earth that God has made us human beings, He has appointed seasons and times for us to pass through.
We couldn’t meet to discuss and give our opinions because she doesn’t call meetings.
He concluded that Mawmaram will not allow the owners of the land to sell their land to the army.
It is learned that Marak was drunk at the time of the crime.
West was speaking at a public meeting in South Carolina on Tuesday.
“Once a cow has contracted the disease, it has to be kept away from others," he said.
According to Andrew J. May, Rev. Thomas Jones fled from Pomreng to Sylhet and stayed for a few days in Dacca before reaching Calcutta.
Thus it was and it happened; In the courtyard of the house of the High Priest, Three times he went away.
Unemployment is reported to be higher in the cities than in the rural areas.
After eating, they both left to go to the mountains.
A Trinamool Congress (TMC) supporter has been injured after being attacked by Indian Secular Front (ISF) supporters during a clash in Bhangar, West Bengal.
Physics 9 and 10 by Sally and Aggarwal, Physics 9 and 10 by Sally and Aggarwal, were removed from 2020. 2)Old textbooks are not vulnerable to these new texts. write extra just to befool the inexperienced approver expecting feedback need be restored.3)Computer till 10 be for playing not to trouble them with programming,ROM RAM etc.ROM mut read only memory.
DD Lapang, Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya, has sent his condolences on the passing away of Dr. J. Syiem, father of Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh Constituency.
They said that the purpose of the Syiem's ​​meeting was to overturn the decisions of the meeting held on 11th July, 2017 in the presence of the observer of KHADC. The District Council has remained silent and the people have remained in darkness.
Ardent's statement came after the Shillong Press Club (SPC) expressed its regret and demanded that he apologize for his remarks.
He told of the struggle of the Indians against the British, in which leaders like Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Bipin Chandra Pal, Rani Lakmi, emerged. Ram Prasad Bismil, Subhas Chandra Bose, Mahatma Gandhi, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and others.
He said that T.1451.84 crore has been released for the Market Development Assistance (MDA) to promote organic fertilizers from the Gobardhan plants.
The length of the road is 47 kilometers and part of the road is from 21 kilometers to 47 kilometers.
God is looking for sinners and those who have committed many sins, but Jesus promises to give them eternal life.
Both of them have shown their courage and skills to advocate in the House besides having no skills as MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Nongstoin, March 30: The UDP Shillong City has appointed Bah Joe Marwein as Joint Secretary of the FKJGP. :The UPS Nonglwai School, in order to provide better services to the students in the area, has also struggled to upgrade the school to another level and that is to upgrade to Secondary School where she also laid the foundation stone of the secondary school.
The awards were presented by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Sports Minister Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary Donald P Wahlang and other senior officials who were present on the occasion.
However, to follow the customs and traditions of the Raid ka Hima will lead to dissatisfaction or corruption.
Assam police also seized the khilon.
Affiliation expires July 20, 2023.
Wanjoplang Khriam scored the second goal for Pohkseh in the 31st minute and Bradley Kharkongor scored the last goal in the 60th minute. success.
The march will start at 10 pm from Mihmyntdu Stadium and will pass through Ladthalboh, Newhill, Iawmusiang and end at Jerusalem Square, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
For those who wish to attend this program for more information, please call 8787690428,
The union is deeply concerned about the negligence and silence of the Conrad government which has not ordered the National Highway Authority of India to repair the road in Narpuh. preparing to celebrate Christmas and preparing to celebrate New Year, but they are facing only sadness when it comes to the condition of the roads in the area, children who used to sing Christmas carols, people who go to the market. , they face only pum pum soil while walking on the roads and market places near the roads. Many places have turned into a forest road, many places have turned into a dirt road, have the government and the leaders not seen this? KSU Narpuh Circle Vice President Phanuel Tongper said, “Don't you have any sympathy for the people who are suffering?” said the Vice President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah Phanuel Tongper.
Shillong: In a tragic incident, several children have found the body of a burnt boy near the Lum Jingthang Brief in Malki Shillong on Saturday evening.
“The HLL agency was selected on the basis of criteria related to its ability to conduct the examinations smoothly.
The Chief Minister said that this is not because the government is ignoring others, but it is a step to strengthen the work of the Council.
The tournament, which will be attended by more than 350 athletes in 13 different categories, will be held at the SAI Indoor Stadium at NEHU from 25th November to 1st November.
It was also found that some of the village headmen that if any of the village youths ask or investigate these foreigners, they do not allow and do not allow at all.
He said that a statue of Assam Forest Guard Bidya Sing Lekthe who was killed along with four Mukroh residents in the open shooting by the Assam Police on 22nd November 2022 will be erected.
About Rs 4 crore has already been sent by the state government to the beneficiaries this year.
Before I get to the point I have mentioned above, I would like to point out the status of school teachers who have changed with the passage of time.
NEHU, Shillong beat Jaintia Eastern College 2-0
On the other hand, Dr Don said that the agriculture sector is also one of the sectors to which the government should give special attention.
The 31 candidates include 23 from the NPP, three suspended from the Congress, two from the TMC, two from the PDF and one from the HSPDP. So far, the NPP leaders have recently joined the Congress MLA from Shillong East, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang and Rambrai MLA Kimfa S Marbaniang.
The storm has led to the closure of roads around the area due to the fall of trees.
More than 10 lakh students have written the Civil Services (Preliminary) examination, but only 14,000 students have passed and will be able to take the Civil Services (Main) examination.
“Therefore, it has been decided to appoint guards to ensure that all the works will not be carried out until the fee has been paid,” he said.
“I personally appreciate and encourage this thought because it improves the income of the household,” said a brother named Leo. .
In Pool-E: Demthring, Ladthadlaboh, Mookymphad Mihmyntdu and Ksehsylle Ialong.
"Have you been here for a long time?" asked the officer.
There is a great need for a reform/transformation of the electoral system in order to transform democracy in our country otherwise danger, evil and terror will soon happen in our country forever.
Speaking after the meeting with the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Pateng Myrsing, he said that the party has inquired from the Syiem of Raid Marwet, who has confessed that he has ordered the ban. The dorbar hall was closed because of the disagreement between the Khasi and the Nepalis living in the village.
The deaths of these soldiers were broadcast on a website run by the Russian government itself; however, the figure was later withdrawn.
You can witness that you have iuhroit or rit u rai.
This law shall remain in force until further notice.
The MDA government has had to repeal the Trade Act after the people of the state from political parties and religious groups have expressed their opposition to the trade law in the state.
He said that although the water has been pumped from distant wells, I hope that the people will get water lynter because in these two projects we have a Gravity Source where the water comes naturally unlike other places. is due to pumping and causes power outages or failure of pumps.
The current number of members of the Rajya Sabha is 244 and 230 are taking part.
The residents alleged that it was the force of the 14 elders against the Dorbar. Magistrates from Sohra, SDPO and police were also present on the occasion. you are confused.
Would we take a napkin, covered with blood, to a friend's house? You will never do that.
Twenty-five bodies were recovered from the vehicle and 33 people were on board the bus, while 6-8 people were injured in the accident and they were shifted to Buldhana Civil Hospital.
The same letter usually has two addresses, the sender and the recipient, but the letter between Khla and Nairit does not have such a letter.
to my followers he gave only bread and wild vegetables.
The group was led by Poldip Tongwah, President of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, and was attended by other leaders of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, members of Units, Women and Longkmie.
Lajong started to change their style of play and gained strength until they scored again in the 82nd minute through Phrangki Buam. become a victory goal.
All good begins at home.
Pastor Sohklet in his sermon based on Genesis 3:8-10 where God blessed man, but man disobeyed God.
In the Khasi society, the discrimination against women is the discrimination against the society, because women are considered to be the honor and dignity of the society.
Your actions remind us that a strong society is a society that cares for the weak, embraces and reaches out to the weak.
The meeting was held at Salaroh, Jowai where Brightstar Chyrmang MDC North Jowai Constituency was the chief guest.
Prestone said that at present there are only central government laws to protect foreign workers such as the Interstate Migrant Workers Act 1979 and the Building and Other Constructions Workers Act. , 1996.
Efforts are ongoing to clear the road.
During adolescence when the immune system is still strong and the immune system is still strong, there is little health risk, but still many young people they suffer from many kinds of diseases.
“I have told the Rangbah Kur at the meeting today that there has been a mistake in using the word 'ia umsnam' if these Bills ( The Khasi Social Custom Bill 2018 and the ILP were not approved by the Council on that day in Iewduh.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 22: Mawkyrwat, Lber 22: Mawkyrwat, Lber 22: As part of the celebration of the special day of the The Executive Engineer, PHE-cum-Member Secretary DWSM (JJM), South West Khasi Hills District today 22nd October, The Run for Water was held which started at 6 pm from the ground floor of the EE, PHE office. , youth and parents including Bah Tlanding Wahlang, Bah Twanding Mawlong and Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang and their participation has encouraged the children and youth as well. .
Furthermore, the VPP demanded that the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) should conduct an inquiry into the incident and punish the perpetrators if found.
In this age, the insult or insult to others has become worse because not only the speaker knows, but even the world knows and sees that it has been destroyed by itself.
A total of 35 students have passed well and came in the First Division in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations including Science, Commerce and Arts.
This celebration has been announced since 1969 in Tokyo, Japan to raise awareness of the importance of the services of the Sign Houses to the people and their contributions to the work, society and economy. keep the spirit in India all over the world.
The Dorbar Shnong today in the presence of the Waheh Shnong, the Rangbah Shnong and the leaders of the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit including SS Niangti, Cherity Suja and members of the KSU. Sonapyrdi expressed her gratitude to those who have donated to the residents of the village especially during this time of lockdown when all the families are struggling to provide for their families.
SP Thongni expressed his gratitude to the MLA for listening and accepting the request of the Church through the Managing Committee to do something for this school.
However, Conrad Sangma has misled by saying that the central government is still investigating the ILP. “Therefore, we must stand together as the people, as a nation to fight against these demands, otherwise. The Government of India will not listen to us,” he said.
Do you have enough man power?
Most of the wealthy people are the owners of mineral resources especially coal, ore and others, so all these belong to Mei Ramew, to this Ri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
The Director of the department also explained that if there is any illegal activity by the personnel of the department, it should be reported to the office.
He said that on 18th November 2019, Bah Bosewell had sent a letter to the Syiem of Khyrim Hima to allow women to participate in the voting to elect the new Rangbah Shnong.
Imphal, Nailur 13: Nine persons, including workers, were killed and 10 others injured in a bomb blast in Imphal, Khoyothang area at 7.30 pm this evening. Thirteen others were injured by a powerful IED.
Adelbert said this while speaking at a meeting before the end of the protest at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat on Tuesday to demand that the state government should change the position. part of the plant.
This is the right time to discuss and advocate for the welfare and bright future of the people of our Khasi Hills, because it is at these times that many need a bright explanation. which can stir up the minds of many in this case to avoid the misery and poverty in the next five years.
The chief guest Ohibait Dkhar launched the charter of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar and the day was enriched by Kur love songs and traditional dances by the children, youth and women of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar.
Meghalaya will play against Nagaland in the Ranji Trophy plate group tomorrow at the Meghalaya Cricket Association Stadium in Shillong.
Assam borders Bangladesh with 263 km, Meghalaya with 443 km, Mizoram with 318 km and Tripura with 856 km while Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur have no borders with Bangladesh.
Large factories owned by large companies and large employers do not believe in cleaning the electricity bills.
Nongstoiñ, June 01: The election period for the Legislative Assembly of the State has reached 40 months and almost all the political parties have prepared their candidates for the election.
She said that there are about 7000 to 8000 ASHAs in the state, but the Khasi Jaintia have been divided into their own and the Garo into their own.
Speaking to reporters, Loniak said, “At that time, the shap was very important, but now it is not very important, because it is an era when people have become enlightened”.
In a statement issued by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE), the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has directed all school authorities to inform the students about this order so that they do not lose the opportunity to write. Last year, the State Government requested the Central Government to release only the Colleges which have not yet received Government assistance, Private Colleges and Colleges supported by the State Government. Shillong, Lber 08: U Bah Lou Majaw, a renowned musician of Meghalaya, today launched a book of poetry written in English entitled 'Brittle' was written by Riniki Chakravarty.
There are 69 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 61 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 11 cases in West Garo Hills and 7 cases in East Garo Hills. There are 5 cases in South Garo Hills.
Among the richness of antioxidants and fat soluble vitamins, Vitamin A is the most important in the functioning of the human body.
The Ministry also awarded four awards, the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service to Bah Addison Roy Mawthoh, IPS and Bah Seminar Singh Kynjing, IPS, Dy. Inspector General of Police (A).
According to a statement sent by Rangbah A.Shabong, Publicity Secretary of the Seng Khasi (Seng Kmie) Mawkhar, this festival is a memorial and offering of the Khasi Khara once a year to God, the Lord. Lord, the Creator – The Creator is ready to uphold the Righteousness and the Law.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly collapsed on 9th July 2001 and for 18 years, the government has not been able to rebuild it.
The school in Wahrynghaw is also the first of three schools in Sohiong constituency to receive a new school.
The United Kingdom and other European countries have imposed a strict ban on the movement of people. Those who came from African countries, with great fear, that there will be another severe outbreak of covid 19, in the coming days.
The school has been in existence for decades, but it was not until 2013 that the Upper Primary School started to increase in the number of students.
On the 26th April 1957 (26.4.1957) a meeting was held at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner United Khasi & Jaintia Hills.
“There was a 40 meter high well at this stadium but only a 10 meter high well has collapsed, and these buildings in the stadium are strong and without don't worry about it".
Therefore, the NPP, which has 26 members, is ready to invite other parties to join its family.
Meanwhile, Section 54 of the Act will punish those who make false declarations and those found guilty of this section can be imprisoned for up to one year or fined.
The court fined Tennydart Rs 15,000 and sent the money to the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority.
According to Anthony R. Ceresko, “the reading or relation of the Bible to the time or age in which mankind lives is not new.
“We will ensure that there will be no more bad roads, bad streets, we will work together to bring about change,” said Bah Ransom who is also the President of the Executive Committee of the 17-North Shillong Constituency. The meeting was attended by Dr. Donkupar War, MDC from Mawlai Constituency, Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh, NPP candidate from Nongthymmai Constituency, Dr. Rocky Hek. the NPP from Pynthorumkhrah and others.
The United States and other countries opposed to Russia's invasion of Ukraine have expressed their opposition to North Korea not to support Russia with the nuclear weapons. Because of its involvement at this time, it may affect the whole world in the future.
So far, 11,094 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 112 people have died.
New Delhi/ Shillong, Naitung 18: The election of the 15th President of India was held today in Parliament and Assemblies of the States of India.
World leaders have arrived in New Delhi to attend the two-day G20 summit.
However, the BJP also contests elections for the wives, children or relatives of its leaders whether in the states or in Parliament.
The MoU was signed between the Union Minister in charge of Electricity and New and Renewable Energy, Government of India, RK Singh and the Minister of Works, Government of Saudi Arabia. Bording, Abdulaziz bin Salman Al-Saud at the MENA Climate Week in Riyadh today.
Referring to other candidates, Makmilan Kharbani of the TMC has so far set up more than 42 offices and more than 2,000 office bearers and members have joined.
In a statement, it said that the cows were seized, which were supposed to be smuggled to Bangladesh, but the place where the cows were seized was not disclosed.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) through its General Secretary, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, has urged the state government to set aside a budget for the The road from Sonidan to Umsiang is one of the most important roads in the area and in the district as a whole.
Therefore, these two examples should be carefully considered, especially in relation to the Khasi people.
When asked about the vaccine, they asked how the vaccine would be.
You will not be allowed to buy food from the shops and you will not be allowed to eat inside the shops.
The continuous heavy rains have severely affected the environment in many parts of Chamoli district where many landslides and house collapses have occurred.
If the people between Meghalaya and Assam are still living in this way in this age of technology, it means that there has been something seriously wrong with the governments in these decades.
The heat is destroying, and the cold is destroying life.
However, it was at this time that the driver of the vehicle, who was under the influence of alcohol, had spoken loudly.
Rupang: You have talked about your protest, but you didn't get the ILP and in our memory, we remember that the leaders of the political parties at that time took a lot of trouble to fight against the Congress and us. remember that a lot of trade union leaders are arrested and a lot are hunted down.
Speaking to reporters, Peace Maker Makri President Mawtnum Unit and Alberto Nongsiej Vice President Nongpoh Circle said that the organization is deeply saddened to see that the drug trafficking has become terrible. Young people from men and women have started to get involved in this alcoholic beverage and this poison has started to spread even to the young and old children who still need training and love.
The Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District have been directed to deploy a drone in the area to find out whether there is still coal mining and to immediately send a report on the security. by flying a drone.
The management of the government factory, told the Prime Minister that the failure of the factory, is due to the backwardness, violence, floods in the factory and lack of electricity.
Our state is small and it will not take much time for the members of this group to meet with the residents whether they live in urban or rural areas.
It is worth mentioning that the Kuki or Zo thnathlak people living in Manipur have close ties with the Mizo people living in Mizoram.
This ban on Village Authorities from participating in politics is not only for the KHADC, but the District Administration should ban Village Authorities from participating in politics.
According to the 2011 census, the population is 98,327 and the population density is 46.15 per square. kilometers.
Thank you, Mr. M War.
Regarding the power outage, Bah Rao Nongtri, Publicity Secretary of the RBYF, Western Zone, said that the power outage in the area has been excessive and has caused a lot of trouble to the people in the area. this area.
He said that the government officers who are in charge are in the hands and minds of the teachers and they should understand that to respect the teachers.
Last month, a report spread on the internet that Habib had stabbed a woman in the head while she was still wearing a shniuh while attending a shniuh training program in Uttar. Pradesh and said that if the farmers lack water during the dry season, they can use their own water to prepare their shniuh.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today strongly criticized former BJP spokesperson Nupur Sharma for her remarks against the Prophet.
2) Factory fires:-Why are there so many deaths in China, Italy, England, America... it's because of the large number of factories they do not produce smoke.
Ban to Work Together.
In Purno's house, there was no separate room for him.
K Hariharan from LV Prasad Film Academy, Chennai will conduct a workshop on cinematography, videography and filmmaking.
In the Under-18 Boys category, Damehi Chyrmang of Good Shepherd Secondary School Ladrymbai won the Long Jump and in the Under-18 Girls category, Wansaki Phawa of San Shnong Secondary School Mukhaïalong won the long jump. 3000 meters.
Regarding the lack of mobile network in the area, Sangma promised to take action on this issue.
People who know how to eat are seen as healthy people and it is difficult to find people who know how to take care of their health these days.
All tourists are requested to stay for a while until further notice.
We wish you all a healthy body and God bless you all in your work.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Cornelius, who congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA for the development works he has done and other needs of the village.
However, what we find is that the turnout is not 100 percent.
When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:
Why didn't they reduce from the ST/SC quota to get more OBC quota, not exceeding 50%? Because it is clear that the ST/SC quota has been fixed according to proportion, but the OBC quota has been fixed not to exceed 50%.
“Yes, I will go alone.
The Sengbhalang has vowed to intensify the protests if the government does not believe in their demands.
She said that the curfew and restrictions that are still in force can only be lifted if the number of infected persons has decreased in a controllable manner.
He said that it has been allowed to improve income in all aspects in the rural areas by focusing on activities that will improve the rich livelihoods of the state.
– Eye-shadows are colorful eyeshadows that you can apply according to your wishes to match your outfit.
Office Bearers of AJMDMWU:- This AJMDMWU will fall under the umbrella of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union, Jowai (AJMRW&LU).
The desire of the Saw Mill owners in Jaintia Hills to sell timber to Assam is because Assam can buy timber at high prices. The government has prompted the timber shops in the state to increase the price of timber as the smuggling of timber into Assam is very high.
The things of the world have passed away.
“However, through this Committee, I believe we can send the Bills to the Governor where he will sign them without any hesitation,” he said.
From there it started until now.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Ten policemen, including five female policemen, have been injured in an incident near the Civil Hospital, today.
other.
“We send our prayers to those who have been affected and to the people who are responsible for this incident.
“Therefore, we are continuing to monitor this matter and we hope to get a good answer,” said Conrad.
On this occasion, Bah John F Kharshiing, praised their unity and said that unity is strength.
Regarding the incident, it is said that Raj Kumar, initially asked the girl to cook for lunch among the employees of the pump, but at the time all the After eating and while they were preparing to clean the dishes, Raj Kumar raped the girl and stabbed her in parts that should not be stabbed. it was also intended to harm her.
In the second match, Chi scored early in the first half but Rajawat equalized 7-7 and continued to score once again in the match. with 10-All.
St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, today has improved its quality of education to the students of Ri Bhoi District. The school building, which was built by the Nongpoh Parish at a cost of T.2 crore, has been inaugurated.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, EROs, Assistant Electoral Registration Officers (AEROs) and leaders of the Electoral Roll in Ri-Bhoi were also present on the occasion. Different political parties in Ri-Bhoi.
Samurai or those skilled and brave swordsmen could drink it before battle to get that strength that lasted for hours-it could give strength for four to seven hours without something like coffee.
Speaking at the meeting, Ardent said that a few days ago, Congress leaders from Delhi including Shillong MP Vincent Pala came to hold a meeting at Nongkrem and at the meeting they discussed many issues. to state that they want to bring proper development to the area.
However, he said the soskular has been signed in two parts, one to allow the Municipal to build accommodation for the Metor drivers on an area of ​​10,000 sq. km.
“I would like to express to you young people who are here today that you have a great role and responsibility and it is not only for victory and winning medals or awards but you become examples and they are among the many,” said the Prime Minister.
Students of Schools and Colleges in West Jaintia Hills District who have joined as Scouts-Guides, Rovers-Ranger from 8th to 12th November participated in the 7th Winter Camp & Youth Leadership Training. The event was held at Mukhla village under the auspices of the Meghalaya Scouts and Guides.
“This last election is different from other elections, there is something surprising.
Not only that, but they sent an ambulance back to the place where they came from.
Shillong: U MDC of Rymbrai Jyrngam, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, has advised the Hima in Ri Khasi Jaintia to beware of any groups who promise to file a case on the border issue. they earn money from Hima.
During the inspection, the farmers' union leaders in the area found that the rice which was ready to be harvested had fallen.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : Police in East Khasi Hills, have recovered the body of an elderly man without a head, who has fallen into the water of Umiam Dam.
He said the Lok Sabha Pravas will submit a report to the party leader after looking into the matter and only the decision of the candidates will be taken.
Instead of punishing the assailants, the police have released them.
The Israelites and their elders were righteous in the religion they had, they believed in the Law of Moses, but even the laws they could not keep.
However, among God's creatures, man is the master of all except God.
He hoped that through the SHGs, the state would continue to develop in all aspects.
Before the end of the match, Vondrousva beat the opponent 5-4 to win.
(c) Faith – Religion – Since my childhood as a writer, Tyngnger has only 2 church groups, the Presbyterian Church and the Trumpet Church (or) Church of God – according to a few The old religion and according to the legend of Paieid, we (Late) Rojoral Lyngdoh.
According to intelligence received, on July 9, Commandos of the 21 Para (SF) unit of the Indian Army, entered two rebel bases in Myanmar with members of the Indian Army. The NSCN(K) militants in the camp have immediately informed their headquarters in the Taga area, according to information received by the Indian intelligence agencies. SS Khaplang was informed that the Myanmar troops were preparing to surround their camps and said that on receiving the information, five insurgents left Myanmar to cross the Indian border.
Earlier, Babu Kri said that the BSF troops had set up a skum in Phlangtyngor but now they have left.
Daniel prophesied that the Temple that King Artaxerxes had commanded to be built would be destroyed.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawakmie, has expressed his deep sorrow over the collapse of the Dome or round stone statue built on the roof of the new Assembly Hall at Mawdiangdiang this morning. Fortunately, no one was killed or injured in the incident.
He said that the CoMSO will give its full support to the 60 MLAs if they go to Delhi to demand ILP, but if these MLAs go to Delhi to demand ILP, the CoMSO is ready to support the state. and he gave them all the counsel.
Chicken and turkey are among the examples of these types of meat that can increase the amount of amino acids in the body and improve the ability of the brain to concentrate.
Ricky suggested the establishment of the MDC Charitable Council with the aim of helping the poor whether it is under the state government scheme or the central government scheme.
Earlier, Rupang had received information about the presence of the temple at Saitsohpen, Sohra from some of the elders and on Saturday they went to see the temple but it surprised those in charge. They were proud to show the tomb of Sir Harry Inglis and found that it had been destroyed and the signs showed that the destruction was recent because the ground was still green.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh has congratulated the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the leaders of the ANVC, the key to the talks, PC Haldar, who leads the Government of India and hopes that that the State shall be peaceful and prosperous in the future.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The death of Samla Walinda Binong from Ri Bhoi District in Rajasthan has shocked the people of the district and the state as a whole. The Nongpoh Area Women Welfare Association (NAWWA) has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of this young woman.
The next day at 4 pm after the singing of the National Anthem, David Ben-Gurion read out the Declaration of Independence of Israel.
“We will nominate our own candidates (from both the seats) and we hope to win the election,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
The whole mountain – the – river looks lifeless.
The day was marked by a song by the Chilajong Village Organization and a dance by the children of Domjyrti.
Regarding this, the residents urged Paiem Ricky and the Ministers not to allow the UTD and KHADC to move the Umsning Market to Patarim.
Mawlasnai, July 06: Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang on Tuesday said that the VPP will not respond to the allegations and insults made by Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of State. state.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) has called upon all the people of the state through social media to fight against the corruption of the BJP government.
It is no longer possible to say that it is a Khasi language.
Ampati, Naitung 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today distributed cow seeds to farmers and four Self Help Groups in Betasing C&RD Block in South West Garo Hills.
In the two constituencies where the Congress won in South West Garo Hills, the Congress party has won only slightly more than the second candidate. These four constituencies are under the jurisdiction of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and his wife Dikanchi Shira.
Then, they went to the place where the medicine was given.
New Delhi: The Subject Expert Committee (SEC) has approved the injection of Covaxin, developed by Bharat Biotech, for those aged 2 to 18 years. .
Speech was also delivered by S Das, Youth Employment Officer.
Common Services Centers (CSCs) are open in every rural village to assist the residents to withdraw money as well as open new accounts.
The same Word of God now speaks to all believers not to go astray in the knowledge of the Gospel and of Jesus Christ as the Savior of the world, the Son of God in the image of God. him alone is salvation.
More than three per cent of Britons fail to recognize and feel the signs of skin cancer, according to researchers from the British Association of Dermatologists (BAD). report on this request.
Parents especially those who are not from Shillong, besides paying for the education of their children, have to pay for accommodation and the lack of laws to control the situation has led to the residents of Shillong. wait or rely on the goodwill of the owners of the property as to the value of the property or the condition of the property.
He alleged that the President has listened carefully to the idea that he will give it to anyone who wants it without explaining to many churches.
This year's award, named Nebahat Akkoç, is for women who work on human rights and prevent violence against men and was selected for Agnes Kharshiing from Shillong. , which protects the rights of the poor, women and the disadvantaged in the protection of the environment.
The skill development sector was led by Kitboklang Nongphlang, members Elton Cliff Warjri, Kmenlang Tariang and James Kharbani. The livestock sector was led by Bah Marbud Dkhar. Tourism Sector – Eldie Newron Lyngdoh, members Reginal Thabah, Energy S Cajee and Ksanbor Kharshiing.
But you don’t have to worry there are also enough vegetables on the protein content.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Among the independent MLAs who support the Congress-led MUA-II government, only Mookaiaw MLA Robinus Syngkon has informed the Speaker of the House that he has withdrawn his support. , while others have not provided any comments.
The residents of the area said that they have lost a lot of money due to the heavy opening of shops in the area within a day . They said that they don't care if they lose the T.5000 tyngka They said that they have bought the equipment, they have bought the meat and fish for tens of thousands of tyngka and it is difficult for them to produce because there are more shops than the consumer.
The Petrol Pump said that it has served the people fairly without any theft and said that the news is false. the oil supply from the pump.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Indian People's Front (MIPF) today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne regarding the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
The Minister said that many panchayats have been able to provide all the benefits to the people who should have received them through the introduction of VBSY and more information has been provided to those who have been left behind.
Police are investigating the incident to find the vehicle that hit the man.
There are 426 confirmed cases and 1,452 deaths.
“When the Regional Committee came to inspect these areas, it did not talk to us the residents and now they cannot use force according to their wishes,” he said.
Both the BJP offices that were destroyed are in Thoubal district of Manipur.
He said six students have been admitted through the Meghalaya quota to study MBBS after passing the entrance and many students from this school are studying in the engineer line.
They didn't want to vote, immediately, without delay, they announced the names of the candidates.
Speech was also delivered by Dr. M. Syngkon, District Surveillance Officer, IDSP, Waheh Shnong of Iawmusiang, Ajoy K Lywait. Iawmusiang UHWC. Staff of UH&WC, Waheh Shnong and others attended the ceremony.
Other ethnic groups have collapsed and ended only temporarily because of too much fighting.
It is communication with the Father in heaven.
I'll see you again.
"Deisy replied, 'Okay,'" Riia said.
On the other hand, Bah Lapang denied that the victory of Bah Pala was in his power, and said it was the victory of the party as a whole.
Shillong: The heavy rainfall has caused a huge loss to the state, not only in livestock, crops; but the most tragic is the loss of the precious souls of many.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, had described Marak as a skilled and courageous leader.
Once, Bah Sumar and Mr. Khiren Roy came to sit with Papa at his house in Riatsamthiah and their conversation lasted more than five hours.
In East Garo Hills, 12 cases, 6 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 184 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in Bivar Road Cluster, 13 Health Workers in Laban Cluster, 9 cases in Laitkynsew Cluster and 6 cases in Langkyrding Cluster. , Lumbatngen Cluster 5, Madanrting Cluster 6, Mawdiangdiang Cluster 4, Mawlai Cluster 11, Mawpat Cluster 3, Mylliem Cluster 5, Nongmynsong Cluster 3, Nongrah Cluster 4, Nongthymmai Cluster 3, Policerai Cluster 9, Pomla 5, Shella Cluster 10, Sohra Cluster 17, Thembasuk Cluster 4, Umpling Cluster 3, Upper Shillong Cluster 5, Wahthapbru Cluster
The election is near and there may be others who come to your aid who expect to get something back from you.
“This area has many talented young people and their knowledge is encouraging.
Shillong, July 10: The State Education Department is waiting for the Ministry of Education of the Union Government to release the funds for the scholarships of 67,000 students.
educationwww.results.
Perhaps man cannot reach the worlds that are hundreds of years away, to other worlds that are beyond the light of the Mother – us, but the soul the courage of man that he hath shewed shall not hinder him from what he hath done.
It is true that such unfounded allegations and that the government has always ensured a clean operation, and in any case, we have nothing to do. Ummulong Presbyterian College together with the Green Tech Foundation, Jaintia Hills Division, NYKS Jowai have organized a program to celebrate the World Environment Day. Ummulong Presbyterian College.
Those who can apply should be under the age of 45 years and will have to undergo training in counterinsurgency,” said Bah Nongtraw.
One of her family members, Basantbhai Modi, was killed in the accident.
Speaking to reporters, some of the winemakers said that this industry will be one of the sources of income for the youth if they choose to do it, especially in this time of unemployment.
However, the population of Meghalaya has increased significantly and according to the census, the number of residents who have registered Aadhar in Meghalaya in 2021/2022 is 3,276,323 (3.28 Million) compared to the Census of Meghalaya. In 2011, it was only 2,964,0
Shillong: The Directorate of Deficit Schools (DSEL) has released the salaries of the second quarter for three months.
“They also sent a request that the implementation of the UCC Act should be suspended and the proposal to implement this Act should be withdrawn.
Professor, Disaster Response and Recovery, NIDM, Delhi, gave special training on the measures to be taken in the event of natural disasters. Center of Mass Congregation & Transport related Disasters, Division of Disaster Response & Recovery, NIDM, Delhi.
He said that the HSPDP has invited all political parties and all Sengbhalang to join hands.
He graduated from Government Boys Higher Secondary School Jowai and his BA from Kiang Nangbah Government College Jowai. He also studied religion at Unitarian College Manchester, Manchester, UK. He holds a PhD from Martin Luther Christian College, Shillong.
The Dorbar Shnong invites all the friends, relatives, relatives, near and far to attend the Shad Sukra, as their presence will make the Shad Sukra more enjoyable. sun.
Bah Twinkle Buhphang, said that the Dorbar Shnong strongly warns the visitors to the village and also the residents of the village not to throw garbage on the road or in the river. Umiam and if found by the village authorities, they will punish according to the rules of the village law.
Under the NEP, the National Curriculum Framework for School Education has been released which sets out the milestones in the teaching, learning, teaching and assessment of children.
“Don't insult the nation by talking about the sword, the women are very good, what is the sword, we are shaming the nation by showing the shortcomings of the family as a nation,” she said. .
In fact, you should be free.
Additional funding for modernization and expansion of businesses has resulted in additional investment of over T 30,000 crore in these businesses in the last 6years and the opening of nearly 50,000 acquisition opportunities jobs for young people from rural areas.
Lajong coach Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet has replaced only one player from the team that beat East Bengal Reserves 5-0 in the final match of the group. , by replacing Amon Lepcha with Figo Sindai.
He also expressed satisfaction that the allocation for the second phase will be within this year's budget.
The KHADC has scheduled to hold the Monolith Festival from 1st to 3rd June.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued a strict rule against the movement of residents of Shillong and those who enter Shillong from the time of 5pm on 1st January until 5pm on 10th January 2021.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the police in charge of the Cantonment Board, BR Marak, said that the foreigners who live in the area have been shocked by the incident. at the time of the fire, the shop was closed.
When asked what he will do on the statement by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma that the Council should withdraw the VAB from the MHA and bring a new one to the state to discuss the amendment of the law. The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Pynshngaiñ, said that he has to gather all the MDCs to discuss the issue.
A case has been registered against the arrested persons under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
The awards were also presented to Edigio Paia Shylla of Sacred Heart Secondary School, Byndihati who scored 16th in the SSLC Examination, 2022, Graceful Manar of Saipung C&RD Block and Sanjan. Chyrmang from Wapung C&RD Block for their contribution in the field of health, as well as the award was given to Kong Aihun.
Taking part in the discussion, MDC shu sieh Bah Bindo M Lanong said that the border demarcation should not be done in a hurry just to get fame, it will be a terrible task, but it should be done properly for the benefit. The people and the demarcation of the border shall also not cause problems and instability in the future.
The people should understand and change their mindset that election money itself does not bring development and does not lead anywhere.
Khasi University NEHU, which has read from the beginning to the end of Bah Bindo's book, has praised Bah Bindo's efforts to bring in Khasi words that are pleasant and harmonious in this translation. 6th Schedule.
To insult the small and rich (people) is not right because the time will come when the small and rich (voters) will have their own power one day.
Darrang was the worst affected area with more than 60,600 people, followed by Golaghat with 45,300 and Morigaon with 6,500, it added.
North Tura MLA and Parliamentary Secretary PHE Noverfield R. Marak and Chairman PK Sangma were the chief guests.
Speaking to media, Pala said the ILP is an issue that needs to be discussed directly with the central government.
There have been 37 recoveries today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 10,4
The BJP also said that instead of singing, the BJP leader should have shown these issues of the Meghalaya government, which is not necessary at all.
He encouraged the ASHAs in the villages and others working in different villages to be steadfast despite the challenges they face in various forms.
The NPP has set a target to make Meghalaya the 10th state in the country in terms of growth.
We demanded that it should release T.20,000 per employee but the management said they would pay T.15,000,” said Wahlang.
Also present on the occasion were MLA David Nongrum, DC East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Peter S Dkhar, Pastors of KJP Eastern Synod, Laithumkhrah Presbytery and members of the Dorbar Shnong, Tynring.
Before the distribution of medicines, the Jirang leaders had distributed 1,000 byrni of rice to the poor families in the Umling C&RD Block of Jirang Constituency.
As part of the follow-up to the letter sent to the 35 Khasi MLAs since 31st November, it can be confirmed that these MLAs have taken note of this letter, not only by the but not to speak on the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
He said that the land owners do not want to give any land for their land.
The Seng said that only the ILP can protect the rights and culture of the villagers, because without the ILP the access of foreigners through the railway connection will be severely affected. the social welfare and income of the villagers in Jaintia Hills.
Dr. Pariong is an old man but he did not contest again after being removed from the Congress ticket but went to support the HSPDP. In 2013, out of 26786 voters, 23981 voters turned out to cast their votes and the percentage turnout was 89.53%.
These words can be found at Mt.6:10 and Lk.11:2
The JHTOA has recently decided to hold a strike from 1st November, but after the DC called for talks with the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association (JHCMA) and the JHTOA has decided to give time to the factories to resolve their issues. Otherwise, the JHTOA has taken a final decision to proceed with the strike.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Dr War said, “We need to shape up and improve income in my constituency – from Ïewduh to Khyndai Lad”.
The party will not listen if those in charge remain silent, but will continue to demand from time to time for the welfare of the villages and to bring about change, said a statement sent by Samla. Thabah General Secretary of the party.
Shillong, July 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has rejected the allegation that Prime Minister Mukul Sangma has nothing to do with the ANVC. to expose the truth against the wrongdoings of the Prime Minister in connection with the Garo rebels.
New Delhi: The Cabinet of Ministers of India today decided to issue a Presidential Order to curb the exploitation and destruction of those working in the field of health care.
After the introduction of the xerox machine, the documents were xeroxed but had to be attested by the gzetted officers otherwise they were not accepted in schools or offices.
Shillong, March 25: In order to discuss at a larger forum and to get the views of the village headmen, teachers, intellectuals, civil society and youth in the 11 districts of Meghalaya The State Government has appointed a committee headed by Bah P Tynsong, Minister of Rural Development, together with Clement R. Marak, Minister of Power, Dr M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, MLA, Kennedy Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, Justine Dkhar and Cherak W. Momin, Parliamentary Secretary, will be the members who will take part in the meeting on various visits.
This interruption of natural force did not stop the youth from continuing various programmes.
Although PFR scored three goals in the first half, PFR came back in the second half with the preparation to score these three goals and witnessed a change in the style of play and Elviorika Sohklet scored However, it cannot be said that this goal has stirred up the players of Laitkor to strengthen and fight until PFR has lost its ability to create chances. to shake the jar again.
How many times has Bret medicine?.
“At a meeting led by AICC President Sonia Gandhi, 17 political parties have decided to nominate me on the basis of ideology.
A special speech was also delivered by Rev.Emlangmi Sapuh on the topic “The Life and Contributions of Kiang Nongbah for the Nation”. son of a king, or son of nothing, but he had a special love for the country and the nation, so much so that he was willing to sacrifice his life for the independence of the country from the rule of the government. English.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prestone said that the great honor goes to Rgh Maham Singh who has been a pioneer for the Seng Khasi Lyngkyrdem and he believes in it. that this rangbah from heaven is filled with joy when he sees the faithful of the Khasi Seng here in Lyngkyrdem growing and progressing in all aspects.
On the other hand, Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the police department should clarify why the KSU started the riots.
Others who were present looked at Bah Let, their Rangbah Shnong, what he would say about Bah Shanbor's wish.
The school has up to Class X but the teachers here have to share the SSA salary allocated for only three teachers while there are other teachers like Dr Amanda and some teachers who teach voluntarily. please without any extra charge.
Filmmaking and production in Meghalaya is not long ago, but recent.
For the men, it is the 25th victory in the tournament, while for the women, it is the 7th victory in the tournament in Hyderabad.
Regarding the NGT's ban on coal mining, the EJNC urges the state government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to take action on this issue. “It's not like we're going to be able to mine coal in the state, even if it's through the mining plan,” said Bah Shanbok Syad, President EJNC. On the other hand, Samla Sambormi Lyngdoh, Chairmam JNC, said that there is no point in having 8 Dewbilat Factories in East Jaintia Hill District if the children of the district are still unemployed. The Deputy Commissioner of EJHD has met with the Deputy Commissioner of EJHD to discuss these issues affecting the District.
Even though the Lord's Day is celebrated as a day that Christians and many Christian churches keep as a day to worship God with a dedicated heart because they have a sense of joy. and the ways to breed, develop and enrich the spiritual nature that Christians around the world cannot ignore on this great day which is also the day of Christ's resurrection from the dead.
Sangma said this at a public meeting of the NPP for all seven constituencies in Jaintia Hills at Jrisaleiñ Chutwakhu Square, Jowai on Thursday.
What remains now is the consecration of him, by taking the final oath to live poor, pure and submissive to the Salesian authorities.
Khliehriat Jymmang 14 : The Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities (Divyangjan), in collaboration with the Holistic Health Care Training & Educational Foundation, Guwahati Assam, Barak Vision, Assam, has also conducted an awareness program at two schools in East Jaintia Hills District, on the 12th of this month at Donbosco College, Bindihati and on the 13th at Star. Public School Lumshnong, was attended by students, teachers and parents of the children.
These hospital performance accreditations benefit the hospital staff as they receive training, better working environment and leadership, and in addition, ownership of the care system.
Hearing the PIL, a full bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “Let this case come back after three months for the CISF to express its views. you are quick".
The residents of Malki village and the family members of Bah Harpish have gathered at the Civil Hospital to wait for the postmortem. MDC Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency Fantin Lakadong together with the residents of Malki village.
The polling station in Selsella was held on 11th June 2019, but there was a mistake for Konarchar, as the Presiding Officer of the polling station, did not install the polling machine of the MLA and the polling station. MP machine and there the voting went wrong.
The SP said that the East Khasi Hills Police have decided to investigate thoroughly to arrest those involved and bring them to justice.
The suspects are Earce Clifford Kharsyntiew, Bokstar Kurkalang, Karishma Jain, Karan Jain, Reshmi Rohit Jain and Kenneth Fletcher Rangad.
Dr Kharshiing said the delay in the VAB is an attempt by the government to waste time and they have not taken any action.
“There are those who want me to join the NPP but I have seen that as an MP, the national parties don't have a job in Parliament (national) because if we talk in India, we need a majority and only one or two MPs. “I have left the government to join the Congress and I should not leave the Congress,” he said.
The police chief said the truck was taken to the police station and Raju was arrested after the owner of the truck confirmed that he was not the driver.
Four goals were scored by Dibormi Kassar (29, 61), Knerktilang Buam (77) and Raikutshisha Buam (89) each for Rangdajied with 21 points.
Ula is 83 years old.
“Ka Seng urges all MLAs, MDCs, Daloi, Waheh Chong, Sengbhalang and the people of Jaintia Hills to stand together against the railway line until the ILP is granted. We demand that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya should implement the ILP which is a means of protecting our Hynniewtrep people,” said the statement.
The Jowai MLA on Saturday distributed the foodgrains to the rural areas in 10 villages including Mukhla, Khliehtyrshi, Myintdu, Sabahmuswang, Ialong, Sohmynting, Madur, Niriang, Loomkudung and Plongingkhaw.
So far in Ri Bhoi, in the past few months, there have been 457 cases of Covid-19, while those affected by Covid-19 have spread to many parts of the country. we're afraid.
Modi's summons to the Delhi Police Chief came hours after he received a condemnation from AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal who wrote to him on Twitter, saying he strongly condemns the Delhi Police Chief. He said that such incidents are unacceptable.
Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh will face each other in the final of the 2nd North East Games 2022 after the two teams won the U-17 Women's Team. The matches were held at the MFA Turf in Polo today.
Out of the 20 groups, 40 are women's SHGs and 40 are mixed groups.
It is only in this way taught by the ancients that the nation can be revived.
In the parent-child relationship.
H.S.Shylla THE BLESSINGS OF THE CAB With great sorrow I publish this article – THE BLESSINGS OF THE CAB. Student in which the youth invited me to speak even though it was against their intention, because I couldn't just sing together in the same voice when I knew what was going to happen.
"“Therefore, it is necessary to punish the officers of the DMR and the Transport Department who are in charge of the Checkpoints and Check Gates to find out the extortion of money from foreign sources in order to expose the “It is necessary to register a case against them for not performing their duties properly within the rules of law,” he said.
It means that as soon as the reconciliation between God and the Gentiles is over, God will resume the reconciliation with Israel.
These are the only ones police have been able to arrest.
Due to the lack of funds, the project has been delayed.
In a complaint to the SP, KHNAM said that as soon as the incident happened, its members in the presence of Jaiaw MDC Adilbert Nongrum and other political parties including HYC, CSWO, FKJGP The Seng Samla Lum Kshaid has met with the OC of Barapathar and urged the police to punish the policeman and other policemen and CRPF personnel who have assaulted the policeman. young.
This shows that in the Hynniewtrep people there are different regions where the way of life, culture and culture differs from one region to another.
Kong Yoris was afraid to go back to the village but with the thought that there would be no more trouble, she went in July to sell her farm for the needs of her son.
He said that the 100 days National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) will start implementing in June next year and when it comes, it will be a blessing to the village for the benefit of the people.
While the houses near the Polo Tower were occupied by the Kharmetor, the houses built specially under the residence of the Chief Secretary were not occupied by the Kharmetor.
She urged everyone to inform the Childline on 1098 if they find any children in need.
However, for the past 4/5 years, the MBOSE has been trying to issue the original mark sheets and original certificates within 10 months to make it easier for the students to enter schools and colleges.
When asked whether the government will suspend the police officer, Lahkmen said he will follow the rules of law.
Education is very important in human life and despite many challenges, education is increasing in this state due to the dedication of teachers and private sector.
The team will be led by the President of the Union, Bah Angelus Sun and Bah Pynsuklang Sumer who will be the referees and judges of the tournament.
He said the government would welcome the suggestions and wanted the civil society to express their concerns to give suggestions to the city.
He has also won the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup, twice in the League Cup, Club World Cup and UEFA Super Cup.
The RBYF leader said that if these companies fail to provide within the stipulated time, the RBYF will take stronger measures, whether it is to shut down the company. offices or even to demolish the towers that have been erected in many places in the area, because they feel that there is no point in having only towers, while the network is not.
In the second half, the two teams, who were confident in their playing style and who found and saw their shortcomings and weaknesses, made this match more interesting. with the ability to appear to try to turn the net until the moment Katebe scored this goal.
They have to walk for two days and two nights, as we have seen the workers from Mawieit West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat and others who have suffered such a disaster for them. .
Renik said the Ford is the best vehicle for traveling and advised government officials or officials to buy a classic vehicle because it is the best vehicle for travel. stable and comfortable vehicle on the go.
In this sense, this is the dual responsibility of school children, college students and university students.
Matthew 24:12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem encouraged the Hindu faithful by hoping that this Puja will bring happiness and hope to all the Hindu faithful until it ends in the middle of the year. peace and prosperity.
In the last match, Mawlai SC beat PFR FA 2-1 goals. Mawlai SC scored the first goal through Manbha Nongkhlaw (3 Rafield Nongkynrih (23 min) scored the second goal for Mawlai in the 36th minute.
It was also seen that within a few minutes, people turned to buy these drugs and by doing so, the foreigner earned a lot of money, while many other vendors. Every day in Judea they were lyng-a and had to play Ludo because there was nothing to sell.
"Tangmar understood that it was Tangkasiar who had stolen Tongsoh.
The marriage is the foundation of the family in which mankind is the foundation of the universe.
“We know that most of the first teachers (even if there are a few Trai ri) are from Bangladesh.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Phervision Nongtdu, gave words of encouragement and encouraged the students to have a strong mind to progress in their studies, not only that, he also encouraged them not to Speaking on this occasion, Dr Nongtdu said that the new Education Policy “Let the world know and see the talents of the children,” he said. At the same time, he said that if the children If you want to reach your goal, you must be hardworking, determined and determined and as a visionary, he said that the students must have a purpose. To build the future is from Class XII, because it is from this stage that children can make the decision to start the struggle to shape the future in their lives.
Russia is one of the greatest and most powerful countries in the world and the word of God it speaks is known as Gog of Magog and this country and its allies have begun to appear in the world to manifest themselves in warfare. war.
Shillong Lajong will face Rangdajied United in the Meghalaya State League title on November 21 at Khliehriat.
We have already given 45 days to find ways and means to resolve these issues regarding the Umkhen River.
Modi will also appoint a full-time Defense Minister, currently held by Arun Jaitley, who also holds the Finance Ministry.
He said that as the working President to prevent the emergence of more workers and MLAs we need a strong cooperation to bring benefits in
“We will take a joint decision at the meeting how to create the mechanisms to end the confusion in the state,” said Bah Syiem.
On this occasion, the KSU has expressed its deep sorrow and anger against this woman, and also expresses its condolences to the two children, a son and a daughter who have lost their lives. he shall not deliver his mother into the hand of the bloodthirsty.
The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has been formed in Meghalaya to demand Garo Land.
Instead of being afraid of such plans, we should avoid them and not allow them to do so.
He also said that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has lost that peace and at the same time they have misled the people of the state from poverty, debt and the lack of inheritance and others.
The Seng said that this could lead to the fact that the students will not be able to pass well and will affect their passing in various examinations.
Shimlut Dkhar (52) scored the third goal for Ialong, while Nangbah Mooknor (Poimi) scored three goals through Rilangki Sungoh (60, 78) and Teilang (74).
Other candidates come out of the classroom to the people, while the RDA candidate is a young man who has served the country and the nation for decades and understands better the plight of the people. “To allow him to be a ksiang to advocate on issues affecting the nation and the needs of the people of Khasi Jaintia,” said Bah Lahkmen.
KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Banlumlang Lyngdoh, Resource Person Samla Riti Biam who is also the AEE of MePTCL and others.
Lazarus was a man who had suffered greatly in his life. Besides being sick, he had to wait on the porch of the rich man every day to feed with the dogs. which the rich man cast out into the ground, and could not eat.
One of the most surprising and unique is the discovery of the Triple Deck Root Living Bridge at Phlangtyngor, a village on the Pynursla road on the road to Umniuh Tmar. Nongjri and Nongshken.
On the 10th of July, the AAI had informed the High Court to conduct a survey of Umroi Airport to determine whether it is possible to fly larger aircraft from the airport.
Besides, it is the poverty that has caused the Khasi women to struggle to find happiness in many ways.
Pyndengrei SCSC has continued to win the Super Division for the 2023-24 NDSA Premier League Football Tournament.
Everyone knows that this war is being fought inside the house.
There are still hidden hands behind the scenes that are the cause of the murder of Bah Che.
Also present at the celebration were Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, former MLA and MDC Mawlai as the chief guest, priests, sisters, children from various schools and others.
The song is produced by Kid's Tarari Production and is directed by Kong Bada and Joymery Kordor.
They demanded that the result be revised, corrected and re-released.
According to some residents of the area, this is not the first time that the power outage in the area has been cut off, but the residents of the area have recently experienced the same problem. They have been suffering from a power outage for three days which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of hundreds of villages in the Ri Bhoi Sepngi area.
The NPP is not only an ally in Meghalaya but an ally within the NDA and the decision is up to the leaders to take,” he said.
“From now on, many more will join the party,” he said.
As a sign of remembrance of the memory of the great leader Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, the Hima Raidmynsaw, has erected a statue of the great leader of the country and the nation inside the market. in Langpih.
The meeting was attended by the Parish Priest of Amlarem Parish, Father Genes Shang Pliang along with leaders of HYC War Jaintia.
When asked about his daily income, he said that he doesn't earn less than T.500 a day and that is on the days when there is no market, but when many people come, the income is also it's bigger.
The three arrested were Maulana Mohsin Sheikh, 24, Khurshid Ahmed Pathan, 23, and Faizan, 21, who were killed for their speeches in
The party is ready to return to power after the MP elections and after returning from the recent party meeting in New Delhi, the BJP Meghalaya has decided to It has started to prepare for the MP elections by cleaning up the departments in the state and has started implementing programs 'go to the villages' and 'meet the people' which will be the ways to meet the voters. to explain about the activities of the party under the leadership of the party president Rikman Momin.
Other issues, regarding the Khasi Hill Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on the election of MDCs by the people, there should be 29 MDCs as usual and 2 MDCs should be appointed. a man and a woman.
And at that time there shall be no more government in all the countries of the earth, for he shall establish only one government during his reign.
The factory was operating illegally in one of the areas in Shallang area without proper permits.
Police said that in another incident, Anup Paul had lodged a complaint that on October 29 at about 9 pm, he found his motorcycle, which had no number plate. , from Fancy Valley, Tura.
Scoring 165 runs was not enough for a team that had been playing well in the bowling department.
Shillong, March 24: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched a book entitled “Values ​​Must Come Alive” written by Rev Bishop Thomas Menamparampil SDB of Guwahati. Bianchi Hall, Mary Help of Christian Cathedral, Laitumkhrah Shillong.
“The Union feels that the current CMD is the best person to improve the performance of the Corporation and to address the pending issues. The Corporation, which is one of the most important departments in the State,” said the Union.
At the same time, the Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong demands that the Government should immediately repeal this Act.
Therefore, the annual climb of Mount Sohpetbneng in June is a surprising reminder and encouragement to the soul to continue to struggle to climb the mountains of humanity, worldly life to achieve its goals. Long soul, to eat kwai at the door of God and his earnings – Right, as sacrifices to God, the Judge of the fall of mankind is the responsibility of each of us.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of the GST 122nd Amendment Bill, 2014 in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Twenty-two Field Assistants (FA) have received certificates after completing their training at the Conservation Training Institute at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District today.
He said that the policy has been distributed to all government departments.
JOWAI: The West Jaintia Hills District has celebrated the 48th Meghalaya Day by launching an online service to register those who have registered their marriage under the Special Marriage Act
He said, “For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears; , and they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be turned unto fables" 2 Timothy 4:3-4
In my opinion, instead of bringing unity to the people of India, the Uniform Civil Code will bring confusion and disunity.
But in this present generation.
Shillong: Twenty-five passengers were injured when a truck overturned before reaching Lawbyrtun in West Khasi Hills.
He said that the government has issued work orders to implement the works according to the stipulated time, but the government is not aware of the problems of the people. It is a big problem especially for the remote villages to buy stone and shyiap to the Killing area. It is not easy because of the cost of money. you are small.
They walk on foot even between the snow and the rain.
In this regard, the residents demanded that the government department in charge of road works should explain how the road has been suspended, especially the scheme implemented by the government. government of India.
If you have any questions, you should not appeal to the law.
When contacted by Mawphor, some of the residents said that the network outage has been going on for about six months and they said that the network outage has been caused by Airtel and Jio.
Jowai, Naitung 05: Newhill, Mookaswan Dongnein, Myrjai and Pammanik have won the 3rd Division Football Tournament of the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the District Sports Officer of West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that this time, HANM has set a target for Langpih, Psiar and Khanduli so that the land of the people will not be allowed to enter even one inch to other states of India. .
Shillong, Shillong, received 25.2mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 2.30 pm today.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The organizers of the 9 A Side Football Tournament have scheduled the matches as follows: 16/7-Onslought FC vs Katalong FC at 2:45 pm, 18/7-Combine FC vs Y Combine UTD at 2:45 pm. 2:45pm, 13/7-Nongjri SCC vs Pata FC at 2:45pm, 24/7 Motsyiar vs SS Nongpdeng at 2:45pm, 10/7-J.Brotherhood vs Siangkhnai CSC at 2:45pm, 27/7 Combine FC vs Mawphlang or Riwar United at 2:45pm, 31/7 Lamphrang FC vs Combine XI FC at 2:45, 03/8 Winner of B vs WahG at 4pm, 13/7 Pyrshang FC vs Umsning FC at 4pm, 16/7 Combine XVI FC vs Dungklumar FC at 4pm, 18/7 Troopers FC vs Kynjat Mynlen at 2:45pm, 24/7 Onslought B vs Iaitylli FC at 4pm , 10/7 Iaineh FC Vs FC Mawroh at 4pm, 27/7 Silverlee Vs KMC SC at 4pm, 31/7 of D at 2:45.
Mickey M.Marweiñ MALLB Secretary of the National People's Youth Front (State Level), and also the Working President of the National People's Youth Front (State Level), was the chief guest. They were also accompanied by Ms. Philakyntiew Nongkynrih, DDM, NABARD as the chief guest, Ms. Memorial Khongkai, SDO, MSSDS, and Ms. Father James Anderson Syiemlieh, Director, Nongstoin Social Service Society, NSSS. Not only that, during the meeting, the group also donated several equipment to the farmers, including food processing machines, The meeting was held at the ground floor of St. Xavier's Secondary School, Nonbah, New Nongstoiñ.
The system will thus help the police to find the lost mobile and prevent theft.
The union congratulates the government department for working hard to fight against the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 26: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency and Head of Social Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya today visited the construction site of one of the tourist attractions. It is located in Synrang Mawrin, Mawten Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
What we have to do is we have to say that our women are enough.
The extension of the lockdown to prevent the spread of the disease has affected the income and income of many households especially the households who work in the morning to provide for themselves. pat the food of the children in the evening.
The KSU would like to congratulate all those who participated in this program especially the parents of the students and all those who gave their support to the KSU to make this program a success.
The first raid was conducted on the night of 30th July at 11 pm and the second raid was conducted at 3 pm on 31st July, 2014 and the arrested persons are They have escaped arrest due to the lack of sufficient evidence and the lack of laws and regulations.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the essay and debate by the Chief Guest Mange Ram.
“The relationship with the Trinamool is always with the I-PAC leadership,” she said, adding that once this is done, she will go on to continue her studies with a Master Degree.
“The lack of electricity has caused problems and inconvenience to the people especially to the school children who are preparing for various examinations,” said the Mawphlang MLA.
In addition, if it is found that the coal is missing or less than what has been re-measured, the owner of the coal shall be punished under the provisions of the MMDR Act,
She said that Ajay was taken to Bhoirymbong CHC, but from this hospital, Ajay was sent to Shillong Civil Hospital.
There were six people on board including four from Rymbai and two from Kwator.
"When Modi never said that Priyanka is like his daughter, how does it appear in the newspapers," Prasad said.
Where doesn't her song reach the tourist attractions in Khasi Hills? Where do the festivals in the city or in the countryside go beyond her song?
He said that the party will strongly oppose the proposal of the Karbi Anglong District Council to build a monument to the Assam policeman who died in the incident on the 22nd of this month and will also oppose the proposal to build a school building. within the border of Mukroh village in Meghalaya.
Last year, the session of Parliament had to be adjourned urgently when 30 MPs, including Nitin Gadkari, Prahlad Patel and many Indian government ministers, tested positive for the coronavirus. covid 19 infection.
Therefore, for 76 years since India became an independent country, there has never been a government in Delhi to establish the UCC. Manipur, which has started to produce ksai, but which has caused protests around the world, because of these Umsnam activities.
The Seinraij Jowai prohibits and requests everyone not to throw garbage in the holy places under the jurisdiction of the Seiñraij Jowai.
The Supreme Court, therefore, believes that the amendment of the decision is necessary, as it affects Rahul, who is in the public service and also affects those people who He was elected and on these facts, the trial was suspended until another decision was issued.
+919862274201.
Pyndapborlang K. Mawphlang scored the first goal for Umphyrnai while Khlaiñbor Sohtun scored 10 goals for Lawsohtun.
During the investigation, it was discovered that the group had unreported earnings by selling merchandise without promotion and by lying about expenses.
“We went to the hospital but we couldn't find them,” Agarwal said.
“The government's inability to appoint the chairperson of the Women Commission shows that the government does not take care of the needs of women,” she said.
Kerborlang Mawlong won the title of Nai Khadsawsyñnia, Pynskhemborlang Nongbri came second and Teihoklang Nongkynrih came third.
In the first leg of the tournament, Shangpung Khliehmuchut beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 5-0 by Eliser Suiam. Four goals in the 20th, 65th, 73rd and 80+2 minutes, Bantei Iakai scored in the 53rd minute.
Participants will personally attempt to provide information on regulations related to elections.
A special section in the exhibition was dedicated to the 8 years of Seva, Sushasan, Garib Kalyan where the achievements of the government in various fields in the last 8 years, including in the region to the east.
The Sordar of Raid Shabong has lodged a letter on 19th March 2022 to cancel the fete. , on the 22nd-23rd of this month.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said the MDA government will rule the state for 10 years until
We cannot just fool or play with the feelings of the people".
Ezekiel 28:5.
Valentine's Day 2021 falls on Sunday.
The MFA in a statement through Bah D.Ryntathiang Acting Secretary said that the MFA is trying to organize the tournaments and leagues. The MFA has also said that there is no other way to promote football in Thadlaskein and to revive the team that will join the MFA. in connection with the efforts to promote football in the state and to seek the cooperation of all the intellectuals who have the desire.
These foreigners, men and women, have lived in these slums.
Donald V Thabah, General Secretary KSU (CEC) was the chief guest in the presence of Biangbor Paliar, Enocent Khongstia, President KSU South. Central East Circle, Bah Iengskhem Diengdoh, former member of the party as the Chief Guest and others.
When asked, Shibun said the Congress has been in a state of shock and the resignation of Comingone has become more public after MPCC President DD Lapang has decided not to vote for the party. fight more; Dr RC Laloo has also decided to retire and so has the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Roshan Warjri.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.D.D.Lapang, congratulated all the Rangbah Shnongs who have taken the initiative to cooperate with the victims and the Officers. He also thanked the Project Director and BDO for taking the initiative to provide assistance as soon as possible to these refugees. He said that he will try his best to expedite the relief efforts in collaboration with government officials.
“The police officers appointed to conduct the operation are not trained and skilled to conduct such raids and this is because the government has dismissed the police officers who are trained and skilled in this field. and appoint only police officers who are skilled in stealing and money laundering,” he added.
Clashes and attacks have continued, whether on the part of the armed forces, armed groups and many other groups.
Other sources said that the Congress party in the state has received many information and complaints in recent days about the appointment of Congress MLAs. to oppose the party and their signal to leave the party before the 2018 elections.
Referring to the past, he also told a little about Moolamylliang village and said that this village is a dirty village which has been covered with garbage, but it is through the The Dorbar Shnong with the participation of the residents has been able to transform the village and bring about a clean environment which has attracted many environmentalists to “Perhaps this is also an example and encouragement to others to preserve the environment and to bring a clean environment in the community to love and love. “It's a good idea to honor the environment,” said Apmon Pashiang.
In the midst of Satan's temptations, Jesus prayed.
He said that there will be 22 Tnad Circles in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, where there will be many programs ranging from songs, traditional dances, paintings, lifestyle, culture, thanks to the various sports games of the ancestors.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “We have discussed and informed him about the ongoing talks regarding the border settlement issues. concerns over various incidents that have taken place and also why such issues within national borders cannot be addressed.
It is a spirit of unity, humanity, justice, justice, mutual respect and honor for each other.
As the days go by, their behavior has changed and some of them have found that they have found their behavior and they have held a meeting of the whole group to know the truth and to decide how to They performed the Haka or the meeting, together with the priests, the sangot, the maji and the dulia.
The government considers that a village has electricity if the electricity line reaches the village and 10 percent of the houses or public places have electricity.
As the citizens of the state, we congratulate the Cabinet for the decision to facilitate the availability of alcohol.
Thus he named this place after his own Hima Jaintia and Pur means the village or place that was annexed to the Hima Jaintia and is still called Jaintiapur.
There are nine candidates, Marcuise N Marak of the NPP, Deborah C. Marak of the Congress, Mahamsing M. Sangma of the UDP, Santosh R. Marak from the BJP, Sengbath R Marak, Lahatson N Marak, Siljong R Marak and Jan N Arengh are contesting as independent candidates.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: The new building of the Sib Singh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School Nongstoiñ, which was constructed at a cost of T.4.47 crore, was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, U.S. Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Commissioner and Secretary to the State Government in charge of Education, BDR Tiwari, IAS, Bah AL Syiem Joint Secretary Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng Village, Principal of the school, teachers, students and the public who came to witness the event.
In a statement, U Lyngdoh Sad expressed his sorrow over the incident.
“We have really lost the songs of Bah Rana and they are related to our daily lives,” said Bah Kharsohnoh.
“Enough is enough for the rich candidates or the candidates from outside the constituency,” said the leaders who spoke on the occasion. We don't need people from outside the constituency and there are still leaders from the constituency who know better the problems of the people.
The union through Bah Cardinal Talang said that if the government through the road department takes sting, it can cause a tragic incident at any time because the signs from the top of the road have been cut off.
Shillong: The traffic jam in Shillong has been discussed by the legislators from time to time in the House to discuss how to resolve the traffic jam in Shillong.
The petition said that there are 25 coke factories operating daily in East Jaintia Hills district and these factories are operating without proper permission from the government. There is a complaint that they have polluted the air in the area.
The meeting will also include the recruitment of members and discussions on the strengthening of the Congress party in the area.
It doesn't mean a political struggle to hold on to someone's hands or a political struggle.
Olive fruit contains tyrosol phenolic compounds such as oleuropein and oleocanthal.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 1: The violence against the people living along the border with Assam, is the top issue that the new state government in 2023, should take seriously and do this this immediately.
In such cases, no one will be blamed.
This is the answer to the BJP in Tamil Nadu.
He added that in previous years, the gold medal winners in the National Games were awarded 7,000 tyngka but since 2019, when the Youth Policy was launched, the amount has been increased to 2 lakh tyngka.
This behavior of some of the drivers of commercial vehicles has affected the poor especially at such times when there is no income.
They said that the movement of vehicles has not only damaged the road but has also affected the traffic of the people through the road. They also said that due to the traffic of vehicles through this road, many places of the roads have become bad and filled with potholes, because the construction of this road has not been intended to It is only a public road and the weight should be less than 9 tonnes.
When inquired, the union said that it has received information that the Tyndong lyer Gas tank exists but the Refill Machine to fill the oxygen tank has not been available for about two years now. You don't have to pump your foot like a Pump Ball and you don't have to pump it.
Speaking to reporters, Pala said he had never thought of receiving an award for his work because he only wanted to help the police but not to expect any award.
This is a list of the main agenda items of the ruling parties and these issues are what the political parties have made public during their election campaigns.
Aristar, therefore, accepts that this is an excessive act of bias and demands that he should be allowed to register his name before the election of the Lyngdoh of the Hima. if they don’t listen, then he will have to go to the law enforcement authorities.
Shillong: On the demand of the BJP to arrest the Minister of Electricity, James Sangma, the Opposition Leader, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the BJP should not only hold opinion, but you must write to the office of the Prime Minister of the Republic; according to the provisions of the law and said that what prevents the BJP from doing this.
In the final, Mynthong SC beat Wasa United 4-3 in the tie breaker to win the Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy.
These will be in addition to the police and CRPs which are already present in the state.
She said that their daily job is to clean, feed and drink, and so on.
The road from Jail Road Petrol Pump to Puja, Forest Colony to CRPF Camp, Gandhi Bunyadi Higher Secondary School to Pynthor Rit, Bamboo Hut to Keating Road, Harrison Bridge to Rilbong will be closed. Kench's Trace to Puja, Kyrbom to Jhalupara, Rynjah Market to RR Colony to Puja, Rynjah Market to Umpling, Umpling to Rynjah Dispensary, Assam Market to Puja, Nongmynsong Market to Puja, Laitumkhrah P.S. Sanathan Puja Pandal, Fire Brigade Puja Pandal, Law College Road, New Colony Puja Pandal.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister congratulated the founders of the college.
Jowai, November 12 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today concluded the Open to All Traditional Siat Khnam Competition. Archery Competition' was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“Noting that the implementation of this Act will be a great blessing for the farmers, Kong Kharpura said she will also look into many of the problems faced by the farmers, including the and will also take action in relation to the farmers.
She said that for those who provide space to sit under the Jaiaw parking lot, the tax payment system is being discussed in order to raise funds to improve and beautify the market.
They also threaten to expel those who oppose it.
"I think this information should have been sent earlier.
For the first time in the state, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has chargesheeted 10 former MDCs, a former Secretary of the Council and two contractors for corruption and exploitation. under sections 7 and 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act
“After the amendments to the Rules, we will issue a notice and then we will announce the vacancies and the CRB will ensure that it will conduct and complete the entrance examination soon,” he said. more.
Due to the cancellation of the festival, the festival organizer, Bah Jason Manner, said that 12,000 tickets have been sold per day and more than 60,000 people are expected to attend. who came to the state.
“If there are any schemes, projects pending in Delhi, tell me, I will do whatever is necessary.
Contact No: (1).
After this, a 'Kot Sah Jingkynmaw' (Souvenir) prepared by the Seng was launched, which contains valuable writings which are a source of inspiration and opportunity for researchers.
The State Government shall issue a notice on the Witness Protection Scheme and the Police Stations shall implement it.
The women's organization also reminded that many land plots have been sold and confiscated without counting, but now other forms of land confiscation are increasing.
The donation for the construction of the traditional health center for the sick has been allocated by the state government through the BRDC at a cost of T.8 lakh through the Planning Department. the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 6: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has held a meeting under the leadership of Samla Ksanboklang Kharshiing. FKJGP Laitryngew Circle President Samla Damil M. Bynnud President Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills (Sohra) held an emergency meeting on 6th July 2013 at Saitsohpen Hall Sohra regarding the complaint of Bah Stodar. Dkhar against Bah Khraw Iangrai, Sirdar of Mawlong, on 24th June
Sabnam Sherpa was the winner of Miss Cherry Blossom 2019, Naphishisha Palat was second and Jayati Gurung was third.
At this Fish Processing Unit, through the latest technology, it will be possible to produce tungtap which will be sold in various markets across the state.
After police managed to stop the smuggling of drugs from Manipur to Meghalaya via Silchar, the drug traffickers have searched for the route from Manipur to Nagaland and reached Guwahati. and Guwahati.
One of the seriously injured was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong, while others were taken to Wahkhen village for treatment.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “I have directed the Chief Engineer of the National Highway to investigate whether the allegation is true or not. project, whether it is a road or any other project in the State, because it should not be so”.
He has been sending since the beginning of October.
She also confirmed that they will meet with the officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to discuss these issues and to request that all the villagers of the state should have examination centers in their own country. the state.
Rophul today resigned from the post of Parliamentary Secretary in the MUA-II government. Nongpoh, June 27: Regarding the deterioration and inadequacy of roads in the rural areas of Ri Bhoi District, especially the road from Mawlong to Umtrai, today the Joint Committee The Action Committee (JAC) of the 24 villages in the area, has gone to Dr. DD Lapang, who is also the spokesperson of the state government.
“It is for the government to accept or reject the request of the Council,” said the MDCs who brought the resolution.
It was upgraded to Secondary as part of the 20th and 20th centuries.
There are MLAs who have already been elected.
The country's squash team has now completed its group stage of the Squash World Cup with a 100% winning record. Pool B, after the national team managed to beat Japan 3-1
Also present on the occasion were Damang Synkon, DSO, South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest, Avin Wanbah, BADO of Ranikor C&RD Block, Firsterlin Kharraswai, Nonglang Village Minister and other elders of the village were also present.
Mawpat scored two goals in the second half through B Bina in the 52nd and 60th minutes.
With the passing of the days, the incidence of this disease is increasing day by day in many countries.
Telangana had the lowest unemployment rate at 0.7% in July, followed by Gujarat (1.2%), Meghalaya and Odisha (1.8%).
This demand was made after the group went to meet with the relatives of Bah Che at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar, Shillong.
Dr. Werlok Kharshiing said that the book written by Bah Bindo is like the Bible of the Khasi because it is written about the 6th Schedule.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram on Tuesday said that the Mawjym Crematorium at Mawsynram is under the supervision and management of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. according to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
If the ANVC continues, the party will not allow them to take over the land,” said Bah John Nongsiang.
The end will be the battle of Armageddon.
In this regard, HANM Kynthei has informed the SP of East Khasi Hills to seize these illegal activities of this foreigner.
Uma Sniawbhalang, who is also a government minister, said that the allegation of the JSM Nartiang circle is groundless and the gate was set up by the land owners and this land is private land and not land. public and added that even he had to pay for space to travel.
It is not known whether Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, has bought forms from Ampati or Songsak constituencies.
The statement also said that this year they will put up to 6 tonnes of thah in the pond.
He said that now there are several families who live in this country.
According to the GSMA's Mobile Economy Report 2022, 5G connections will exceed 1 billion by 2022 and 2 billion by
However, this does not mean permanent disqualification but they will regain recognition after they are able to meet the requirements.
U Bah Embhalang, who has been banned from parking two wheelers in this area, said that the DC's ban on parking two wheelers in this area has affected the people who come and go by driving two wheelers. shaka when they came and went and not only that it also affected his income and that of his employees.
When inquired from the fish vendors, they said that their sales are not enough to say whether they have increased or decreased, but it is understood that there is an increase, although they did not say how much. you're older than mynshwa.
This is exciting and the beginning of hope, a big step for women, after the menstruation,” said a statement from the President of the BJP-Mahila Morcha, Kong S.Pariat.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
Edappadi K Palaniswami, Chief Minister of the state, said the decision will continue till 30th June
One of the Home Guard employees told the media that this strike is only the beginning and if the government does not accept this demand within this month they will hold another stronger strike.
According to Purno, the ban on coal mining in the state by the NGT is due to the impact on the environment.
“According to a statement through the Vice President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, it has been seen that many job advertisements have been released for recruitment in various Government departments. He also said that many jobs have not been allocated among the ethnic groups of the State while more have been allocated to other ethnic groups of the State.
