The game was very friendly especially in the second half but they couldn't do anything until the end of the game.
Is it the conspiracy behind the shooting of Bah Chesterfield Thangkhiew? As the Opposition, we demand that an independent inquiry be conducted to find out who is involved and the motive behind the murder of Bah Chesterfield Thangkhiew.
Michael T Sangma, MLA, has resigned, said Andrew Simons, Commissioner & Secretary of the State Legislative Assembly.
But is that true of us as a nation? Many of us still believe that the greatest threat to us, as a nation as a whole, is that foreigner or that mynder shisngi.
Jesus said “Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive;
Last month, they arrived in honor, along with 200 of their close friends.
Therefore, the KSU Khanduli-Umshangiar unit requests the state government to take action to talk to the Assam government to avoid any disruption in the implementation of various schemes in the village.
It is also a backward community and still needs many development opportunities.
Daniel said that the KSU is still opposed to the railway line whether it is a passenger or freight railway while the government has not been able to introduce laws. strongly protect against the intrusion of mynder.
The statement said that the party will not rest or idle but will continue to monitor to punish those involved in the misuse of public funds.
Two Dan, two Shutia and three Duhalia were appointed to collect the musur in the market.
You sow much but you reap little, you eat but you are not hungry, you drink but you are not thirsty, you dress but you are not drunk;
If you follow the instructions, which the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare teaches, you don't have to be afraid or worried, we will win the battle, we will not lose our strength.
These promises of the candidate have caused a lot of discussion in the constituency, on social media and among political pundits.
However, all these have turned into obstacles without any results until Bah Shylla has resigned from his post as a politician. Because I was tired of working with people who loved the country and didn't understand the laws, I couldn't bear to be imprisoned there and I decided to leave this job.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that talks have been held with the Union Electricity Department and it is hoped that the blackout will be resolved within 48 hours.
“Now they want to introduce the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), in which the special recognition of ethnic and minorities will be lost. The UCC will not be allowed to be implemented in this State and the region as a whole, to protect the uniqueness of us the people and the State,” said the Chief Minister.
>Signs up to 33,000 volts should be used as a protection to prevent electrical signs from falling on different electrical wires running near or far from each other. tyngkhuh to electrical signals if dkut.
May the Lord help and bless you all who read the Word of God for His glory AMEN & AMEN.
What should you know? We should not be stingy if we find something in the body especially if we are not sick and we should go for an examination (40 years and above) to a doctor if we find such things.
Feature Films The jury of the Feature Film consists of four members, headed by the Director and Editor-in-Chief, Chairperson Vinod Ganatra.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of three political parties in Mawsynram including the KSU Mawsynram Circle, FKJGP Mawsynram Circle and HYC Mawsynram Circle have issued rules against Hindu believers who have been arrested. to walk tomorrow from Shillong to Mawjymbuin, Mawsynram to burn incense, pour milk or put flowers inside the Mawjymbuin Crematorium.
To promote peace and stability in the country is “In the midst of differences, they are one.
He said that these drugs are different, have nothing to do with common diseases, and until now they have not been used until they expire.
The 8 km marathon was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Mairang, Bah A.Nongbri. Kong B.Syiem and staff of the Sports Department, where 57 male and female marathon runners from the area witnessed the participation.
The UCC also discussed the Reservation Roster and expressed its gratitude to the Government for completing some of the tasks in this regard.
According to the Government of India, there are 4,13,670 Khar Khrongs in India, including 2,21,673 males and 1,91,997 females.
The Chairman urged all the villages and village leaders of Jowai to take action to pay the garbage fee to the JMB so that it can carry out its activities.
After the arrest, the VDPs handed over the suspects to the police at Khliehriat Police Station.
New Delhi: A petition was filed in the Supreme Court on Tuesday demanding that the government appoint a team of experts under the supervision of a retired judge to investigate whether there is There is no risk and harm of the covid shield vaccine.
During the discussion on the anniversary, it was decided to create a special lyngwiar to reflect on this annual celebration.
Shillong, November 4: Shillong will celebrate its Silver Jubilee with a seminar and special cultural extravaganza “Silver Waves” on the 6th November at 11 am at KJPA Conference Hall. The seminar on “Service and Impact of North Eastern Service” will be attended by Dr Helen Giri (Retired Head, Department of Creative Art, NEHU), Sri Rubaiyat-ul Ali (Technical). Director, National Informatics Centre, Guwahati) and Mr. Ashish Bhatnagar (DDG Engineering, AIR, Pune) will submit their papers.
Nongpoh: Thad Sports Club, Sohpdok Sports & Cultural Club, has won the title of the Sohpdok Sports & Cultural Club, after beating Nongjri Sports Club beat Nongjri Sports Club 1-0 in the final match played at Sohpdok Stadium in Ri Bhoi District today.
He said that the construction of roads from Nongriat to Mawkawir to Wahlakhiat, Mawpait and Pyndem-Dkhar has started.
The TMC, as part of its alliance in the INDIA Block, has not given its support to the Congress in the Shillong seat.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC, said that the purpose of their meeting was to discuss and explain to the people about the ban on mining and transportation of coal in He said that the JAC Shallang Area has organized this meeting to remind the people's leaders to do something as soon as possible in this regard and not to just sit and wait. click kti.
In Mizoram, there are 10 new cases of covid-19, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Samson was punished because he trusted Delilah, a woman who did not know God.
Shillong, Lber 20 : U Prestone Tynsong, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has strongly criticized the leaders of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP). Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit on the importance of patriotism by saying that if you love your patriot, take the Blue Print which you have prepared to bring about that change for the future and heritage. deceive and deceive the people.
Have we ever wondered why these problems come from time to time as the years and months go by, whether it is in the homes, education, health, illness, etc. Healthcare, Employment, Peace and Harmony and other issues facing the people.
The decision was taken by RBI Governor Shaktikantad Das following the decline in income in the country due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Sanbor also expressed his confidence that in Mawsynram, the BJP has the hope of winning a clean harvest and recalled that in the MP election, he won 4,000 votes from this constituency. he did not go to campaign.
This comes after the government plans to signpost about 300 kilometers of unsignposted areas on the India-Myanmar border.
The name Jaintia is not the name of a Jaitbynriew, but only the name of a region, and we must also understand that in Jaintia all other Jaitbynriew such as Biate, Karbi and others are included. to recognize them as full Jaintia people.
It can be said that the receipt of these awards by TYWDS is an encouragement for it to work better in the years to come.
The two persons who lost their lives in the incident were Jayanta Das and Archana Nath.
With the opening of Secondary School, the school is now in Class IX with 21 students.
However, the police tried to use metal detectors but could not find anything.
He also received the Martand Singh Memorial Award 2021 of INTACH, a cash prize of T.1 lakh in the Handicraft Category from the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), New Delhi. .
We have approached the PS of the Prime Minister and he said that they are looking into the letter,” said Dr Nonglait.
He also requested to help include the villages from East Jaintia Hills District in the Tourism Circuit in order to promote tourism in the district.
Mawphlang MDC Lamphrang Blah, who visited the incident, said that the whole house was destroyed and before the incident, the owners of the house were buying food items. and other household items, such as oil, tins, and others.
Sujit Dey, Champion's lawyer, was also present at the launch.
The purpose of the Academy to open a Center in Ri Bhoi is to provide training to the children according to the present era and also to provide them with a developmental league which includes from Baby League, Youth League, Women's League as well as tournaments abroad.
NPYF Spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope and Nongstoin MLA and NPP President Macmillan Byrsat said this at a meeting held in Mylliem on 11 March .
Shortly after, Les informed Rupang that at 10 pm, Tailin had phoned him, but he could not get her phone number because she had a mobile phone. She said she was now in Guwahati at the house of her owners.
Nongpoh, November 14 : Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA today gave a great blessing to the youth of Umsning area especially to the youth of Lum-Umpih Umsning who love to exercise and play sports. Umsning has inaugurated a specially improved sports ground in Umsning.
The Achik group also sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong regarding the discrimination against the Garo people since the independence of the state.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Thangraiñ Unit has launched the 1st May Knockout Football Tournament 2022 at Ïawmuchai Stadium, Thangraiñ on Saturday.
Khliehriat, Naitung 16: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, has strongly condemned the Meghalaya Government for not leading the media in the demarcation discussions of the Regional Committee of the State. The tournament was held on Saturday at Umkiang village, East Jaintia Hills District.
In West Garo Hills, there are 90 cases and 712 cases.
Former Mizoram Chief Secretary Lalnunmawia Chuaungo on Tuesday joined the Congress party as part of its efforts to strengthen the party's implementation methods ahead of the Assembly elections in the state.
We welcome the arrival of the New Shillong Township,” said the officials of Mawpdang.
These people are currently undergoing treatment at Bethany and Nongpoh Civil Hospitals. According to information received, immediately after eating the food, these people said that there was no difference but in on the morning of 11th June all of them felt sick and nauseous.
The project will be funded by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of Meghalaya at a cost of Rs 4,99,00,000 (4 crore 99 lakh).
“In particular, the KSU demands that the MDA Government should implement the Roster System since its introduction and not turn back which is a gain for one ethnic group and a great loss for another. nation," the statement said.
Meanwhile, the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, said that there will be a curfew on the night of July 6 from 11 pm to 1 pm at Umiam Bridge.
“Yes, we are parents we can do what is best for our children.
“We will try to complete the remaining 25 percent as soon as possible,” he said.
The BJP government believes in getting the approval of all even though the Act has been passed since 2019, and the government has worked hard in the last four years before issuing the Rules,” he said. “Such a step taken by the Central Government confirms the commitment to improve the livelihood of the indigenous people through the implementation of various government schemes,” said Momin. it is now exempted from the operation of CAA and has no meaning for those who are protesting against it, but as citizens of the country we must work together for the development of the country," he said. .
It talks about empowering women but it doesn't seem to be so.
“We have our own people here.
The crematorium has not been excavated yet, as it needs to dig another 200 meters to pass through to Bangladesh.
“In Mylliem Hima alone there are about 1464 Dorbar Shnongs, in Khyrim Hima there are more than 1000 villages and this is the part that our ancestors have taught until now.
To clarify, this issue is not recent but has been faced for many years.
“Recently, the Government of Meghalaya has approved the inclusion of the Garo language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. “The inclusion of the Garo language in the Khyrnit Baphra will benefit the people of Garo Hills because it is not only a language but a daily life. He also visited the Garo Hills.
“As regards the 34 princes and nawabs said to be studying now in the Khasi schools and in the highest social rank.
Akshay Kumar sent a message to the people of rural India and the world in which he was also described as the “King of Action” and a volunteer.
The Minister said that he will take action as soon as possible but in this regard it is the people who are affected,” said the MLA. 50.20 crore tyngka for East Khasi Hills District alone and so far they have released up to Rs 50.20 crore to various DCs to deliver relief goods to the victims.
On the same day, before the ceremony of the Beipun Bon to the Syiem Aitnar, the Langdoh gave the Pyrnah of the Pyrjin to the children to prepare the first ceremony.
“We have come many times to monitor this issue, but we have found that the same problem is the lack of funds to purchase land,” said Samla SS Niangti Finance Secretary KSU JHDU. Tomorrow is the last day for Assam to release the Final Draft of the NRC, otherwise there will be an infiltration of mynder into our state,” said the Seng leader.
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly will be held from the 16th of this month to the 27th of this month for five days.
He said that the word key has a very close meaning to the music and those who are involved in music understand the keys or chords.
The drugs were seized while the police were conducting a search operation at the Mookyndur Check-point. When the police tried to stop the truck, the truck stopped short of the vehicle. Check point.
Guwahati Police Commissioner Mukesh Agarwal has ordered Haque to submit his report within 48 hours.
Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, DD Syngai MCS, was the chief guest at the opening ceremony. Young people should be willing to attend the training until the end of the course.
During his visit to Umlaper village, Rupsing Teron met with Addl Superintendent of Police (ASP) Bolin Deori and inspected the situation in the area.
Tip in Meghalaya, the shynrai which we are very proud of and we have started sending around the country is neem which is free from this Chromate.
All these three are well experienced in the work of Hima Sima whether in the State or even outside the State.
It is not known how many of the newly joined Trinamool Congress MLAs will remain in the same party until the 2023 elections.
In his opinion, he said that it would not make sense for the people to support or vote for the opposition Voice of People Party (VPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) as they end up inside. Byrnihat and they didn't go anywhere.
He said that as a group they will not hesitate to come out from time to time to inform and demand from the government to implement it immediately.
The Dorbar Shnong said that the candidates who conducted the meeting urged the supporters and followers who came to the election campaign meeting to be people of manners and to respect each other and to follow the rules of the village. Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh has banned the spread of plastic bottles, plastic kwai and other items which pollute the surroundings of the village and the preaching ground. election.
The Caesars seized and plundered the land, burned the villages, imprisoned the people, imprisoned them, threw them into the lions' pit and killed the enemy without cause, without any reason.
"Raphael Varane will miss Manchester United's Premier League match against Arsenal on Sunday due to injury," the club said on Sunday. Everyone.
On the other hand, the union has also warned the villagers of those areas who trade with Bangladeshis to be vigilant from now on.
However, police have found that the Alpine Continental Hotel at Thana Road, Police Bazar, Shillong has accommodated a Bangladeshi national named Alexius Chichan who was staying at the hotel on the 7th of this month. and left on the 8th but the hotel did not inform the police.
but she does it all with a smile.
It is also alleged that these robbers have robbed and shot women who came to offer water to God at the temple in which many people have been injured.
Regarding the demand of the union to provide Scanning Machines, Ultra Sound and CT Scan at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, the DMHO, although he has given many reasons, has promised to take action. in talks with the Government, so that it will benefit the people in the District as a whole.
Khliehriat, Nailar 25: The East Jaintia Hills District Coal Association (STA) has called a meeting on the 27th of this month at the Sweet Chile Hotel, Mynkre to discuss the issue of coal mining. activities related to coal mining.
When asked whether there are any Congress leaders who are on his side as of now, he said, “We don't know the leaders because the leaders are in the party and they need to be with him. replied Bah Rynga.
The World Health Organization (WHO) in Geneva has acknowledged that the coronavirus is spreading in the air after more than 200 scientists strongly criticized it. the WHO, for failing to warn and educate the public, on the dangers of this disease.
After receiving the funds to be allocated by the State Government, the relevant department will send new proposals to the Ministry of Rural Development of the Central Government.
Applications without proper documents will be rejected by the Regional Transport Authority.
Mullah Hassan Akhund will be the head of the Taliban government, while two others will be in his position, Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar and Mawlavi Abdul Salam Hanafi.
The student who is suspected of being infected with the virus has just returned from Europe in the past few days.
Through this order, all private vehicles have been allowed to leave as well as public vehicles, which have been allowed to leave every day; However, the driver of the vehicle is requested to show the sign, whether it has been injected or not.
Describing the Shillong seat as important and honorable, Rakkam said the voters know whom to elect because Meghalaya has nothing of its own.
“When it comes to those self-made letters/articles circulated on social media platforms – it is that they have been sent hundreds of times.
The youth of the state are not stupid, but if this lack of passers in the UPSC examination continues, it will be a dark future,” said Rakkam.
The examinations for classes 10 and 12 will continue but these will be changed so that the students can get full education.
It is reported that these human stem cells were placed in the mosquitoes and allowed to grow shniuh and there it was found that the shniuh grows well from the sniehnoh of the mosquitoes and the scientists assumed that they would the same technique can be used on a human being.
Other speakers and explainers were Dr. I. Wanniang and Dr. FL Lyngkhei.
The order was issued by the District Magistrate, A Baranwal on Tuesday, saying that any smuggling, smuggling of cattle or goods, such as kwai, tyrkhong, beer, cigarettes, and slasha shall not be allowed.
He said that if we are not healthy we cannot provide full service and we cannot do the jobs we have to do properly.
By doing so, you will become a person free from anxiety and will be able to focus on the things you plan to do.
On the other hand, Dr. Evalyneda BV Laloo, District Medical Health Officer and DACO and Dr. Dasngewhun Shadap, MOTC Jowai TU emphasized the goal and said, “Yes! Dr. Evalyneda said that to commemorate World Tuberculosis Day, we should strive to talk about what has been done and eradicate the disease. TB can also be prevented as well as treated if they are willing to see a doctor.
June 16, 2021 Waheh Kambell Chullai was born on February 8, 1939 and passed away on June 16,
Marak was handed over to his relatives who took him to hospital.
The Bible and the traditional teachings of the Christian Church clearly state that God gives life, the soul to all human beings and creatures.
The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has denied the claim of the Sengbhalang that the Mawjymbuin Crematorium is under the jurisdiction and management of the Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong.
He said that this is like an insult, adding that those who do not feel that it is an insult, it is better to sit in the House.
Bah looked at Daplin and then at Lanosha.
According to the rules, the state government should send a letter to the Lamphang to convene the dorbar,” said Mondal.
The department said that the announcement was made in accordance with Sub Rule (6) of Rule 16 of the Constitution of District Councils Rules these places are empty.
After there has been a decrease in the number of cases and after the government has opened the doors for such gatherings, we too have sought permission from the government and after we have received we have to sit down and think carefully how what we do will not bring any unpleasant news”.
The building has been named 'Resource Centre' as it is intended to be used for all purposes whether it is for the purposes of the village, government offices and also if people need to stay overnight. also in this place they had their separate rooms.
She urged the residents to take responsibility to avoid these problems which can affect the environment, urging that a change is needed by eliminating the use of plastic bags in the country. the time of going to the market and using the same cup of water.
Regarding the fare, drivers are prohibited from taking advantage by increasing the fare from the fare charged before the lockdown.
KNGCSU does not want to turn the hostel into an isolation ward as it affects the belongings of the children living inside the hostel as well as the property of the hostel, said Dawyoo Lyngdoh in a statement. send it to Syllad.
Sanbor said he was not worried if the CAB was implemented in parts of India by the BJP leaders, but it should not affect the North East.
God says, “I am the Lord your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of slavery”.
The distribution of clothes started at 12 noon and was attended by the staff of the Ashram, Secretary Shnong, Secretary VEC, Waheh Dong and other volunteers. Head of Kyndongtuber Village, SW Siangshai.
Agatha Sangma received 202,709 votes while Mukul Sangma received 168,163 votes. .
Nongstoiñ, November 04: Leaders of the Union Rangbah Shnong Nongtrai Area together with the landowners, hope that the MDA 2 government especially through the PWD road department will take action on their request to provide roads, as they have already requested and been welcomed. also to build roads without paying for land.
She said that if the Khasi Pnar people understand, the time has come to surprise the people and not allow these leaders who only want to accumulate wealth for themselves to come back to power.
In another development, Bharat Biotech has announced that the covavin injection will be sold at Rs 400 per injection, after reducing the price from the previously announced price of Rs. 600 it bitor injection.
Jowai: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, BJP candidate for the Lok Sabha seat, has been interviewed by Rupang on his decision to contest the MP election. his priorities when he came out and what his goal was if he came out victorious.
However, if the BJP comes to power, it will increase revenue by Rs 60-70 crore from the export of coal from this region,” he said.
After this, other protests will be followed.
I remember the campaign of Bah Peter Marbaniang who used to say, “If the women and girls trust any candidate, then he will win.
He said that as members of the party, what is needed is that they should have unity and disagreement even if they are not elected or defeated.
In a statement, the UHM West Khasi Hills District led by Samla Moonstar Nongrem, said that it will visit Shallang with the participation of Samla Steven Nongsiej. , to close down all Coke Factories as well as shops owned by foreigners.
Teinwell has been a member of the UDP for a long time and has served as the General Secretary of East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, March 20: Officers of Mylliem C&RD Block together with engineers of PWD on Friday raided the shops near the Eastern Air Command post at 7 Mer Upper Shillong.
The vision of the village leaders will benefit all the people and make the village beautiful and free from trouble and congestion.
“Section 13 of the PC Act (Prevention of Corruption Act) states that it is illegal for a public leader to take advantage of his position as a public leader and he will have to face the law,” they said.
According to researchers and doctors, drinking milk is essential especially in times of illness because it contains essential nutrients such as calcium, vitamin D, potassium, minerals, proteins and others. of these types of vitamins.
When asked what the company has done and implemented in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility, the company could not answer and Dr. Anil said they will clarify later.
Shah said that after Modi, the Government’s investment has increased in all sectors, from providing transport infrastructure to creating employment opportunities.
The DPR has been completed and the Social Impact Assessment is awaited from the DC and after this, the work will start soon at a cost of T.250 crore.
The two groups said that it is only the authority of the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU to implement the NEP without the approval of the Academic Council.
It was TN Sechan, the Chief Election Commissioner of India at that time, who introduced the EPIC and it is still in force today.
In West Bengal, the ruling Trinamool Congress has defeated the Left party in three constituencies and has won 31 constituencies out of 42 seats in the state. this is the State.
He said that the decision of 16th June, 2024 is to close the road and will continue until the hearing of the WPC No. 114 of 2022 pending in the Meghalaya High Court.
His body was found from Psiar village and from the body it was seen that the beard of the man was cut off and thrown in a deserted place.
Shillong: Surveillance Police and Flying Squad have seized T.38.67 lakh from a new Sorpio without number plate from Lad Smit, Shillong this morning.
She said that under the management of the MTC in the past, up to 70 vehicles were damaged, but now the government has repaired all those vehicles which the MTC has left behind.
Although the ceremony was very crowded, it reached the ears of the Rangbah Shnong's house.
On the other hand, the Governor also directed the JHADC to set up a Delimitation Committee in accordance with the rules and regulations within it and that its members should be well versed in the matters of khadar administration, including those who had expertise in political and public affairs.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh won the same award as Chhangte in 2015 but the award was only a memory because the sports department and the state government did not give any encouragement. or the crowning.
In connection with this incident, it is learned that the NHAI authorities have immediately informed the Ri Bhoi Police and the Police have sent officers to conduct an investigation. .
However, the accusations against each other, they dropped and after that, they called us (Congress),” said Pala.
In such a confusion, the mother of Kordorlang Shadap, has forgotten to ask the name or race or even the place of residence of the woman who took Kordorlang Shadap and which has caused him not to 14.12.2022, she said that her son has been found dead until today.
Bah Syiem said the PDF is ready to change as demanded by the people to include women in the dorbar.
In a statement, they appealed to all peacekeeping organizations and the people of Manipur to respond to the proposal and take measures to bring peace and stability in the State. .
The Minister said that the central government has already released T 68 crore for SSA teachers in the state and this will be released this month.
These three challenges have led to the lack of trained people to contribute in many fields in the society of the country such as officers, doctors, engineers, teachers, nurses, rulers, self-employed, skilled farmers and so on.
Grace Mary Kharpuri has contested the MLA elections twice, first in 2013 and later in
However, most of their expectations take years to come true.
On the same day, the Minister also launched the Meghalaya Muga Mission Document.
The CSWO and TUR have lodged a complaint with the Principal Secretary in charge of Personnel Department recently on the allegation that Bah Shangpliang had attended the Congress party meeting from Mawsynram. this party although he is still a government officer and this is against the law.
According to the Principal Secretary, the government will prepare a mining plan and complete it soon.
The CEM said that at present it is not the Village Administration Bill that is urgent, nor the border nor the employment of the youth but the most urgent thing is the unity and he wants the ARPA to unite. He was appointed to the District Council to fight against many issues related to the Jaitbynriew.
Personal interview.
“We have been vigilant not to allow the members of the party to forcibly close their shops.
The two brothers also tried to kill Linda Sungoh, the mother of the victim.
This statement against the religious discrimination in the State has happened from time to time and recently the Seinraij Jowai has lodged a complaint against another person after he criticized the discrimination against the Niamtre believers.
Many Chinese nationals were injured and burnt when the mob set fire to the garment factories in Hlaingthaya, the Chinese embassy said.
Rangdajied, after scoring two goals in the first half, continued to play well even in the second half.
Regarding the Khasi Pnars living in Block I, after the dispute in the past regarding the land acquisition, the KAAC has accompanied the 12 Two EMs and a CEM have discussed the issue of peace and order in Block I and expressed their readiness to cooperate with the KHADC in other areas under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. The 4X4 Off-Road Challenge 2023 will be held from 19th to 21st March on the roads of Meghalaya. It is located in Kharsati Nature Park in Ri Bhoi District.
It is also better to dig the holes a few days before planting, and to put cow dung in these holes.
At the time of the incident, the parents were not at home and there were only children.
He said the government will strengthen the health department in which the inspector should inspect the places or shops selling pharmacies and if found to be violating the law, they will be punished because many of the medicines are not drugs were sold illegally from drug stores or pharmacies.
The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Tamil Nadu police, who continued to collect information about Shariq's associates during the investigation, said it appeared that the suspect used his Aadhaar card. Surendran, a resident of Coimbatore, has been arrested for obtaining a SIM card.
The question is whether there are those who are not sick of heart and soul when they look at the country and the nation as it is now or have their eyes been blinded, asked SOMALA. to be implemented in the state and at the same time the provisions of the LTA should be implemented to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
He replied to the question who will be the Leader of the Opposition.
Similarly, the widespread smuggling and smuggling of rnga is very common only here in Ri Lum Khasi-Jaintia.
Trinity Saioo, a teacher who is also involved in agriculture, has led 800 women from Jaintia Hills to set up an organization called Ieng Skhem Spice. Society to cultivate and develop the shynrai industry in the state and will also promote the Lakadong shynrai.
Therefore, if you count the votes, the winner is the one who gets more than 7000 or 8000 votes.
The Tournament Committee of the tournament has announced that due to unavoidable reasons, the match between Mawlot FC and Nongkrem SC will have to be postponed on the 11th of this month. Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) is preparing to celebrate its 40th Anniversary on the 15th of this month. The committee of the party intends to publish the activities of the party since its inception in
According to the letter, the Rangbah Shnong (Goan bura) of Umkhyrmi Village, wrote, “By the authority of the Village Committee, I have sent or informed you that anyone or any person from Karbi-Anglong District Assam, we will not allow those who come to farm and build houses to live or plant any permanent plants within our border of Karbi-Anglong District Assam. neither shall I keep the beasts.
Because as of now, the economic downturn has affected the farmers.
He said that there are Government schools which have done very well in teaching and come forward, not that all Government schools have not done well.
Of the 270 electoral colleges needed, Joe Biden has so far received 219, while Donald Trump has
In his speech, Amit Shah said that cooperatives have existed in India since before independence and have been running for 115 years now.
Shillong, November 5: “Khublei shibun, Nong-Shillong”, these are the first words of the singers of Smokie when they took the stage to perform their song at Polo Ground, Shillong. more than 5,000 people came to witness.
At the end of the competition, the winners were awarded prizes through cash prizes.
Two other goals were scored by Rangdajied Rynjah in the 65th and 79th minutes of the second half.
Lyngkhoi said that the Secretary Shnong of the village, Bah Kyrshan Kharsyntiew, also died in the accident and the dead were five women and four men.
JOWAI: Fourteen candidates for the MDC election to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have filed their nomination papers on Tuesday. The first candidate to file was Baitlang Pohsngap, the Congress candidate from Jowai South against Moonlight Pariat of the UDP, who has won three terms.
Pala also acknowledged that it was the Congress party which gave the entire state to the APHLC which accepted it without any hesitation.
In our district, we have Syiems, Lyngdohs and so on, then we have the District Council and above that we have the Assam Government.
The NPP further said it will connect all the villages through color roads, mud bridges and steel bridges.
“You're going to have a shisha.
In knowledge we see a lack.
Their mother, who is a teacher at an SSA school near the village, died suddenly after learning of the incident and is now in poor health. .
And one of these shall be the time of mourning in Jerusalem.
In the past few months, the garbage dump from Ïawmusiang Road in Jowai has shocked all the Dorbar Shnongs who have started working hard to find ways and means to remove the garbage. this is a problem that the people will face in the future.
We met with Kong Palmima and she expressed her happiness that we have been able to talk to her about this issue and the problem regarding the payment of hospital treatment because she does not have an MHIS Card. " said the Minister.
He said that he has also accepted the suggestion of the MLA to have rules to enforce all these.
The French named this monument Mot France, but because of the difficulties for our people at that time to pronounce France they called it Mot Phran and since then it has been known as Mot Phran. to 'Mot Phran'.
Futsal ground at Dienchynrum, Khliehriat, Futsal ground at Shillong Public School, Laitumkhrah and synthetic track at JN Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
Nongpoh, Nailur 01: To mark the 75th Anniversary of India, the Border Security Force (BSF) today held a motorcycle rally to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs and to ban drug trafficking. they don't steal, they don't steal.
“The first thing we have discussed is on the issue of ILP, Khasi Language where many members have given their own suggestions which the CEC will consider. days to follow up on these matters," he said.
In an interview with the mother, her relatives (who did not want to disclose their names and addresses) said that the mother has already completed all the check ups in the village where they live. According to the examination, the mother and baby are healthy.
Shillong, March 25: The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, Dr CP Joshi, has discussed with the Congress leaders the ban on coal mining in the state. and staff at a meeting held today at the MPCC office, Shillong.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 173 today.
In his first debut for a new club, the Argentina star scored two goals and the other two were scored by Robert Taylor for to make the team win the victory.
Many of the members still remember the good deeds done by the Seng of former school children, such as Drama, Shad nder, Tem Ksing-nakra, Put Besli. singphong', duitara', 'traditional Khasi song' and others.
Residents of the area said that the cold weather was as big as a cricket ball, and the rain fell in these villages and in Laitlyndop village, one child was injured because of the cold weather. cricket shadow.
Another person, Heisalon Dkhar, who works at the MeECL Control Room, has been arrested.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 9: The landslide in Mawlangria near Mawïawtep village has been going on for three months and the protests of the villagers in the area have increased. They didn't want the land to be destroyed.
It’s not what I do myself.
Shickel Langbang scored the second goal for Moosyiem Shangpung.
In their speeches, they expressed their deep sorrow that the leaders of Meghalaya at the time of independence in 1972 had forgotten and did not remember anything about the Block (I) Elaka. Nongjrong Labang Nongphyllut Autonomous Council, which has more than 7000 paid Khasi Pnars, is located in the 9th Amreng Autonomous Council.
At the closing ceremony, Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning was present as the chief guest, Bah Ecoles Wahlang, Rangbah Shnong Nongmawlong, other elders of the area and other elders of the area. On the same day, the Nongmawlong Sports Club also honored Bah Jason Mawlong as the new MLA of Umsning Constituency.
When asked whether in West Khasi Hills, more than half of the villagers who use electricity do not know how to make online payment through mobile phones and in many rural areas, they don't have network at all. There are no urban areas except in Shillong where the network is adequate.
cases in East Jaintia Hills District.
Prestone Tynsong failed to win the election from Nongshken and Jansing Tynsong from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh. NPP candidate from Nongstoin, Dasakhiat Lamare from Mawhati, Sanbor Shullai from Laban-Mawprem, Ricky Shullai from Laban-Mawprem, Charles Pyngrope has failed to win the Congress candidate from Nongthymmai, David Nongrum has failed to win the Congress candidate from Sohryngkham, Himalaya Shangpliang has failed to win the Congress candidate from Mawsynram and Gavin Mylliem has failed to win the PDF candidate from Sohra.
Here we understand that you are Satan or a demon.
According to the story, at a meeting held by Dolloi Tyngkaer in Jwai, when he announced that he would not pay taxes to the government, Kiang was shocked and opposed to the Dolloi.
In the Upper Division, Khan Kassar (Pamtbuh SC) was named Best Goalkeeper, Hesperious Pohsngap (Amutong SC) was named Best Goalkeeper and Kyntu Nongwa (Pamtbuh SC) was named Best Player.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police Station at Wazirabad in Delhi has collapsed after an earthquake struck this evening.
Replying to a question by Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang in the House on the border issue, Conrad K Sangma said the meeting of the Chief Ministers is scheduled to be held in June , but this has not happened due to the Covid -19 pandemic.
As mentioned above, the Khasi believe that they spoke only one language all over the world in the past, but why is it different now and they have grown to 7.111 languages? According to the legend, in ancient times, when there were few people on earth, all the people came from the East when they found a large plain in the city of Shinar. ha in Iraq.
New Delhi: The Lok Sabha today passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that another student who has just returned from Agra has tested positive for Covid-1 the state.
Because Shillong was chosen at that time to be the capital of the state of Assam which included from Sylhet to the Bhutan border, the Khasi people were persecuted in all aspects.
Tomorrow, they will hold a huge rally at Madan Malki to inform the government that it has not called for talks despite their repeated requests in the past to call for talks on the issues and issues. related to education in the state.
In this regard, the Church welcomes all to attend this service and should not be discouraged by any rumors regarding the service.
What I want to say is that, of course, it is true that we can eliminate the corruption and evils that we see in our society and even improve our income. , but we must not forget that while our various institutions in society are run by a person who is full of shortcomings and corruption, he will continue to try his best to implement his corrupt practices. in a new way of working.
If these words are used in the State Legislative Assembly, opposition and defection will arise not because the MLAs hate these words but because they do not understand these words.
One person has died in East Khasi Hills.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 3319 with 34 new cases reported today.
Rymbai Village, by being selected as a 'Digital Village', will provide more training opportunities in the field of Computer courses, online form filing, Bank operations, Solar Light LEDs, education through digital technology and other activities through Common Service Centres.
AdtU has received the award from News18 in the category of Most Eminent Campus Placement Among Pvt Universities.
However, in another report, it was reported that the visit of the Ministers from Delhi has also criticized the Congress-led state government for not being able to implement the schemes of the central government. be without walking according to the rule.
“We appeal to the people of the State to empower Meghalaya...which means Modi for Meghalaya.
The Union of SMCs expresses its gratitude to the Education Department and the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma for giving a clear opinion on the 4th Teacher to be transferred immediately from UPS SSA to LP Schools.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Prime Minister said, “This site after its construction has been left unused.
It was also decided to create a mechanism to amend these forest laws and timber laws, as at present hundreds of thousands of trees have to be cut illegally just to build houses in every village, Raid or Hima.
He said that all these strikes by the foreign workers are only at the instigation of the owner of Riangdo Veneer Private Limited who has authorized to hold the strike inside the factory. From time to time, foreign workers are smuggled without the knowledge of the relevant government departments and even the village authorities. They have produced these complaints only to report the illegal activities of the Karkahana.
On the occasion, Bah Cores Marwein, Coach, Bah MG Kharshanlor, donated T.10,000, along with promises to honor him. He will help you if you need to play chess outside the state or country.
He said he was just waiting for the day to go to soh but all his supporters knew about it.
“We want them to read more if they have any more comments on this,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are kindly requested to call these numbers immediately to collect the body.
“You have destroyed the homes of the middle class and that is because you are looking for the truth and all this has been proven.
The tournament will be inaugurated by the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and will be attended by Kushal Das, General Secretary of the AIFF, Biswanath Sinha, Zonal Head – East & North East, Tata. Trusts, AIFF Vice President Larsing M Sawyan, AIFF Vice President and others.
More than 4,000 people were injured in the blast, which was felt 125 miles away.
He also questioned why the MDA Government is so slow to explain if they are not involved in wrongdoing and if they have nothing to hide.
“We have also received information that many students from rural areas have not been able to register for CUET due to lack of explanation, detailed information and guidance from the relevant authorities. look," he said.
She said that the Khasi youth have a lot of talent in singing, dancing and acting but they will open up a lot of talent if the government turns its attention to filmmaking.
Marak was taken to the Civil Hospital, but his headache worsened and he was taken to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
The competition was conducted by Babu Batskhem Rapsang, Assistant Teacher of KJP Girls Higher Secondary School as Quiz Master.
Jowai, July 07 : The Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang (DSK) Jowai on Saturday celebrated its 75th Anniversary. The application period will end on 31/12/2
It is to be recalled that the Seng has been able to hold this tournament every year as part of the health promotion and also to encourage the students to take part in sports or kilan. body to avoid any unclean activities or drinks.
Because as of now, the investigation is ongoing and those whose names are known to the police have to be summoned or taken to the police station for further investigation.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “As announced by the Minister of Taxation, the Ordinance has been introduced and the Cabinet has approved the repeal of the Gambling Act.
During the meeting, youths also performed in the beat-box and Mukul also played the guitar and sang some songs.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Umsaw-Khwan, in 1953, the village had given land to the government to the Soil and Water Conservation Department to plant trees. This was signed during the tenure of Dr. Henry Lamin as Minister of Soil and Water Conservation.
Perhaps we have not been surprised to correct the mistakes from the past until today, which have been the cause of the defeat of the nation since the time of the French until today.
Prestone said that not only laws need to be made, but also work for the development of the constituency.
The memory of this great man will remain forever in me and in all the brothers and sisters of KA BRI U HYNÑIEWTREP. Thomas Jones I came not only to bring the light of the Gospel but also to bring the light. in writing and reading.
While in secret, they continued to do things that sold their country and nation.
As mentioned above, the Christian churches rely on donations from members of various churches and therefore, when the donations have stopped through the closure of churches, it does not only affect the churches. don in the villages; However, this will inevitably affect the entire administration, up to the highest authorities across the Ri Khasi Jaintia and will discourage the church workers, the church leaders and even their assistance to the church. schools, to the poor and others.
Thus he became a mediator between the two sides.
This problem has forced the villagers to sell their goods to foreigners at the price of T.7,700 per truck.
MIPRL leaders will meet the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on 10th November 2014 to demand the lifting of the ban on coal mining and transportation, said a report by Ma HS Dkhar, Chairman of the committee.
We are pleased that they have listened to our demand,” said the Vice President of the HSPDP.
Therefore, he dug a hole in the roof of the house only with a kyrsap (kyrsap is a small tree planted on a tall tree).
“It was suggested that after the consideration of the names of Pradip Kurbah and Dominic Sangma, Dominic Sangma may be selected and his name should be sent to the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to participate in the Cannes Film Festival. There are also reports that Nicholas Lemtor Kharkongor may have canceled his participation in the festival,” said Pravin Bakshi, Commissioner & Secretary in charge of IPR in a statement.
After the ribbon cutting by the Chief Guest, the shop was handed over to Kong Martha Phawa with the blessing by the Director of JHDS Fr.Manbha Pakem.
Later, there were times when man claimed to be God, the Caesars of the ancient Roman Empire did so and demanded that people worship them, even today there are those who claim to be God. people who think they are gods and expect and force others to bow down and worship them.
“We the civil society protect not only ourselves, but we also protect his children who after his children don't get police jobs they will join the civil society,” said Bah Dohtdong.
A total of 93 students were awarded in the SSLC, 61 in the HSSLC (Arts) and 53 in the HSSLC (Science).
Regarding this increasing power outage, the residents urged the Minister of Electricity to take action to call the authorities to discuss and look into the shortage of staff or to investigate why this power outage is so severe in this area. city.
“Is the Dorbar Shnong bigger or the Congress unit bigger,” said Bah Samson and added that the Congress has taken over the powers of the Dorbar Shnong of Pynursla Constituency.
Speaking on the decision of the High Court on the 13th, Bindo said that the High Court has issued orders on the parts which it should not do, the court has no right to interfere on the parts which it should not do. to take.
The people demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish those responsible strictly and punish them according to the rules of law so that it will serve as a warning to others.
“If I start with Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, and Punjab, we have many large states with capable leaders who are Chief Ministers.
The union suggests to the government that it should know that many youths have returned home after the outbreak of COVID 19 and many of these youths are not qualified and have working in prominent companies in India so they should turn to them and also provide adequate training to the youth in the state so that they can work in large or small jobs.
“After I won the election in 2018, I have tried my best to work and give the best that the people have entrusted to me as a leader to fulfill my responsibility. services for the implementation of development projects within the Constituency and to discuss issues related to the state.
Earlier, the Executive Member in charge of the committee, Mitchell Wankhar, said that the committee had done this by the old Executive Committee led by HS Shylla.
Bah DK Wahlang, Chairman of the JAC, denied any information about the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram and said, “We don't have any recognition of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. The Seng Khasi within the boundary of the Hima Mawsynram rejects the claim of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
On the first day, there was a discussion on the topic of income generation and self-employment.
He was the son of Moidellin Truh and his father, (L) Harding Shylla.
Earlier, on 11th November, two Chinese helicopters had landed in Indian territory from the sky.
Rupang spoke to Lesterwell Lyngdoh, the brother of Tailin Lyngdoh, who said that Tailin Lyngdoh's native village is Ksehkohmoit. Shyrwang village is located in the Langtor area of ​​Mairang.
The song is composed by El Dhar and Assistant Director is Melembatki Kharsati.
He added that the excessive attendance at the meeting was the main reason for the incident.
Experts say: “Information is like a sign of light or warning, or a weapon of harm, or a sign of peace, or a sign of obstacle – it all depends on the users.
“Reviewing the progress of the JCB Prize for Literature, Mita Kapur, Literary Director, JCB Prize for Literature, expressed her feelings as follows, “The names of the books published for The Longlist for 2023 truly showcases the excellence of fiction books in India.
“However, I don't have any difference because such news has been published since 2018 onwards in any way,” he said.
The incident occurred at around 11:25 pm.
Jowai: Police of Umkiang Outpost have recovered two unidentified bodies from the side of the highway at Ratacherra, near Malidor, East Jaintia Hills this morning.
All beneficiaries or AAYs and PHHs to collect the rice at the ration shops are free of charge.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07 : Meghalaya beat Uttarakhand by 353 runs in the U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy on Monday at Mangaldai, Assam.
The VPP is ready to explain if anyone says that its demand on the appointment quota is wrong and unfounded.
Superintendent of Excise, Bah W Laloo, said that the drugs were seized from Tyrsad area at 11:25 pm while a man identified as Bah S Khongsit was carrying the drugs. this kind to be delivered to a marketing person.
In the world, there is no rain, no snow, no fear! In this way, there is no need for laws and everyone should be allowed to do whatever they want.
The number of cases has risen to 23.82%, the death toll to 1.89%, while the number of recoveries has risen to 74.30%, the Health Ministry said.
Hamas militants have kidnapped about 240 Israelis during the Hamas attack on Israel on March 7 and more than 1,2 died in Israel during the Hamas offensive.
Of course we also understand...that we must have strong sources of income to run many activities and administration.
“The Committee feels that all political parties should participate in the discussion and the Committee will request to extend the discussion on the reservation policy as this Committee is set up only on the basis of the Roster System.
He said that according to the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act 1978, the state government cannot implement its laws in the areas within the boundary of the district council without the approval of the district council. that district council.
He said that there is now a College of the KJP Synod Sepngi which has just opened.
She said that this campaign has involved many school children, parents and participated in this campaign and enrolled poor children in schools.
The woman and her son sustained minor injuries and after examination and treatment, they were released.
Laskein CHC is fully equipped to treat patients who are not seriously ill and those who are seriously ill will be admitted to the Maternity and Child Health Hospital Jowai.
“Let us invite the Khasi researchers to write to defend their religions.
The name of that house was The House of Happiness.
Panaji, July 9: The election of Narendra Modi as the Chief Election Commissioner for 2014, the year of the MP elections, has encouraged the BJP in Meghalaya.
I am not guilty of any wrongdoing as shown in the picture.
Nongstoin: U MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, today met with the Chief Minister with a request to install a Dialysis Unit or Machine at the Nongstoin Civil Hospital.
Jowai, Nailur 14: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills today issued a notice to the family members or anyone who has any connection with I Love Your Talang to come and collect the body of I Love Your Talang. The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Ialong.
He said how can the police find or arrest drug traffickers carrying 500 grams or 1000 grams, while coal trucks carrying 10 trucks and many more have not been found by the police.
On the opening day of the Dorbar Synrai, the Legislative Assembly of the Government presented the report of the inquiry of the retired Judge T.Vaiphei.
He said that the opening of this training center is so that the farmers in the state will benefit from many training and other programmes.
Meanwhile, Bah J.Nonglang, OC, Mawngap Police Station said that the residents should come forward to cooperate especially with the security department so that there will be a close relationship between the people and government departments.
He said the suspension of the project is due to the lack of funds from the central government through the Ministry of Human Resource Development.
The BGB said that the village cannot do any further extension of the road within 150 yard.
We know how to honor Meikha, Niakha, Pasan and Pakhynnah.
The BSF troops do not rest on their guard for the country.
He said that even the State Government has appointed the District Council in the Regional Committee because they know better who are the owners of the land and belong to which raid or hima and the District Council itself is strong. when it comes to land, and the important thing is to provide documents so that they can understand.
In the past 24 hours, 28,498 cases have been reported and 553 deaths have been reported.
The union also wants to inform that the police should not use force to use ktang suloi, but should investigate first because the use of weapons cannot bring peace and order in the country. The shooting death of this man in front of his children has affected the whole family.
After the meeting, MS Rao informed the media that various religious leaders have requested to change some of the SOPs issued by the state government.
He said the site for the construction of the hospital will be in Upper Shillong and a proposal will be submitted to the central government to allocate funds for the hospital.
Therefore, I urge you young men and young women to work hard and not to be ashamed when you do anything right.
He said that the necessary documents have been received from the District Forest Officer and the Director of Mineral Resources to prove that these owners have been able to operate the mines.
The incident happened at 2:30 pm at Lumpyrtuh.
“The ILP or MRSSA are tools and should not be treated as an issue but the issue is how to protect people and the ILP is a tool to discuss and choose for the issue of protecting them. people," said Conrad.
In the last match, Lajong beat Indian Arrows 1-0
He urged the people not to waste the money because if they take the money, they are also involved in selling the country.
“We will soon announce the programs for the recruitment of members in all the Mandals.
In another development, the HNYF West Jaintia Zone (WJZ) has demanded the release of its member Bah E.Syngkon who was arrested by the police while you're still eating.
Jowai: The AJCCTA has urged the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District and the Sengbhalang to take action against the release of waste from the AB Coke Factory at Lad-Jalyiah.
Shillong: Farmers who came from all over the country to carry jhur to sell at Anjalee parking lot this morning, were left in darkness, because when they reached Anjalee petrol pump, they were not allowed to enter the parking lot. Explore the parking lot.
Similarly, the flames of the fire should be extinguished so that they do not burn for the sake of glory and knowledge.
Prestone said the MDA government from the beginning has a goal to eradicate the illegal trade in coal especially after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned the mining and illegal trade. he is the coal.
Speaking to Rupang, Asstn.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of Passenger Vehicles, Mairang Civil Sub Division, on Tuesday announced that from 1st October 2021, the new fare will be implemented. The Government has issued a notice to the entire Mairang Civil Sub Division, according to a notice issued by the Government on 13th July
The State Government on Tuesday refused to accept the demand of ASHA workers to increase the honorarium from T.2000 to T.5000 and decided to implement a new scheme known as Community Based Health. Incentive Scheme (CHI) to address their problems.
The peace meeting between the two villages was held at Upper Primary School Pasadwar.
Remember that God does not dwell in houses made with hands.
The containment order was lifted after the spread of COVID-19 was stopped in these houses.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Thursday arrested a man named Moirangthem Anand Singh on charges of involvement with leaders of rebel groups in Myanmar to fight against the government. The Government of India has not yet responded to the ongoing conflict in Manipur.
Kynshi, Lber 31: U DP MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the Minister of State, on Tuesday said that it is not only the NPP that can invite people, but there are many who have spoken. I don't want to join the UDP.
Four contractors have submitted their tenders with MePDCL for the implementation of the SAUBHAGYA scheme. For Package A, with a budget of T.173.60 crore, M Satnam Global Infra Projects Limited, New Delhi, has bid Rs 269.04 crore while M/s Onycon Enterprises, Mumbai has bid Rs 283.82 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Three KHNAM MDCs Adilbert Nongrum, James Ban Basaiawmoit and Latiplang Kharkongor along with HS PDP MDC and KHADC CEM Ardent Basaiawmoit today resigned. sha Iewduh to inspect the condition of the market.
“They steal our share and say there is no conflict.
He said the issue of removal of MLA/MDC status remains in the hands of the Governor and the government is awaiting a reply from the Election Commission of India on this.
Micah 3:4.
In West Jaintia Hills District, DC PS Dkhar said that the turnover rate is 76 per cent.
The expenses of the trip to France will be borne by the Meghalaya Institute of Entrepreneurship (MIE).
On the other hand, the government has decided to appoint a Chief Technical Advisor for the Technical Wing of MeCL.
They have been missing since the 20th of this month.
He said that MTD is the first group to come forward to offer support to the government in the fight against drugs by opening the way for the establishment of shelters. and other Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate with the government in this regard.
The album will be released at the Don Bosco Youth Centre.
But in the midst of the fear and the doubt that we might be overcome there is hope.
Shillong, June 1: The Shillong High Court on Tuesday held another hearing on the relationship between MLAs/MDCs. Uma Nath Singh.
Umsawrang, Jymmang 18: Umsawrang Lower Primary School, Dangar, East Khasi Hills District has celebrated its 50th Golden Jubilee. Mawsynram Constituency was the Chief Guest and Bah HM Shangpliang, former MLA was the Chief Guest.
“You are the minister, you are right”.
In this regard, the Principal has been directed to answer the question why no disciplinary action will be taken against her.
When asked how many houses have been affected in Mawshynrut Constituency, Witting said that thousands of houses have been severely affected.
The National People's Party (NPP-Meghalaya) has appointed Prestone Tynsong as the new President of the National People's Party (NPP-Meghalaya) under Article 7 (ii) of the National People's Party (NPP-Meghalaya). NPP).
Because it is through my vote and yours that we can shape the future of governance in the State.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 08: It is a job that causes a huge loss of income in many areas whether it is in the rainy season, the rainy season, the spring or the summer due to the lack of electricity. “When there is a heavy rainfall, the damsite is said to be flooded and when the rainfall comes, the damsite is flooded. They say there is too little water”, this statement comes from time to time and every time the electricity goes out.
Nine trucks (AS 11 DC 9466, ML 04 C 4968, ML 11 1607, ML 04 C 6923, NL 01 AE 8608, TR 01 AP 16120) were seized by the village authorities. DC 9534, ML 11 6152 and ML 11 8277, said the Waheh Shnong of Umkiang.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Police on Tuesday arrested a truck (ML-10B-2896) belonging to Banlumlang Khongtani (32) at Pynursla.
Ma Khroo L Pariat also read out a letter written by the Director School Elementary & Literacy, Government of Meghalaya to the leaders of the union, on the issue of implementation of the Right to Education Act. Right to Education Act 2009 for the children of school teachers and other day laborers in all government schools, SSA schools, government aided schools from primary to secondary schools, which will come into force from
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister expressed his sympathy for the plight of those children who have lost their loved ones due to Corona.
Trudeau has not shown any signs of being infected with the virus, according to a statement from the Canadian prime minister's office.
Many times we hear about those last days.
There are also those who say that the athletes of the state do not take care of only one sport, but want to learn in almost all sports, which is very difficult to become a sportsperson to represent the country.
Mukul's meeting with Lapang was on the suggestion of Rahul Gandhi, the top leader of the Congress party.
Speech was also delivered by Dr. L Roy, Secretary, JJM Nichols Roy College.
It was also heard that many of the people nowadays are talking about the peace and order in the state especially in Shillong, as it has been seen that many tragic incidents have started and caused fear to the residents. The incidents of murder, theft or robbery, and especially the increasing incident of drug trafficking which has started to destroy many families and many also say that this free entry of foreigners Meghalaya has brought trouble because it is impossible to recognize where they came from.
The Seng has agreed that the trade should be given to the Trai ri Trai Muluk first and if we the Trai Ri Trai Muluk do not get it, the Seng will suspend the opening of the market.
“For this reason, the opposition members have taken this decision to withdraw the no confidence motion against the Lamphang,” said James K Sangma.
However, after the absence of Process T Sawkmie, MDC Mawlai, Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM KHADC, James Sylliang, MDC Mawhati, the rally will turn into a campaign rally. VAB.The meeting was confirmed to be attended by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, Bah Pyndap Saibon, President KHNAM and MDCs of KHNAM. The PDF MDCs have prepared their speeches well, but due to the lack of attendance of the MDCs, the PDF said that they can change their speeches, which will lead to a speech. to the VAB campaign which is not much different from the meetings held by Bah Adelbert Nongrum and his colleagues in Sohra, Jaiaw and Mairang.
However, after seeing that Bah Nongbet was lying lyngktar in the shetja room, the staff of the 108 suspected that something was wrong and refused to transport him as he was dead.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sebastian Pakynteiñ, Chairman of the Council, expressed his gratitude to the Cabinet for this decision and congratulated the Prime Minister, Himanta. listen to the demands of the Khasi Jaintia people in Assam.
According to Bah Balawan Syiemiong, Secretary NPP Jirang, this is not a meeting to join the NPP, but only a meeting to meet with the party workers.
The meeting lasted 8:20 minutes.
Police are still searching for the suspect.
In fact, it is a blessing to the hard work of the PWD to provide this road and take action to build it, but the negligence of the contractors has brought shame to the department.
The KSU Rimuliang Circle leader also vowed to lodge a complaint against the Acting Syiem of Nongmynsaw Syiemship and the members of the Hima. by causing division in the villages.
It is right to love the language of the country where we come from but the first thing is to love that which has been given to us since ancient times as we love our parents or them. who have cared for us since we were young, who have been the source of our journey and also who have been the source of our unity.
Arunachal Pradesh, after winning the toss, failed to tied first and scored 160 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 50 overs.
They don't have farsightedness and are happy to stay in a small pool.
Are these characteristics as mentioned above (and others without mentioning) pride or are they things that will shock and awaken us as the youth of the state?
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the closure and suspension of petrol station at M/S Ri Lyngngam Service Station. Hills.
Those who are troubled and worried will have the opportunity to relax when they hear the voice of the musicians at such a time.
" Unquote That is, that the President can no longer do anything on the pre-Constitution Laws such as the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 after the expiry of THREE YEARS since the commencement of the Constitution. the Constitution of India has been in force since 26th January, 1950 and after 1953 it can no longer amend any part of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation,
When asked if the KHADC had visited the area, Bah Marngar said he was surprised that he did not know anything.
Since the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution, which began before Meghalaya got its own state, the District Council in 1967 passed a resolution to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution. include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
Maitshaphrang also recalls that she had organized drama competitions entitled, “The Drama of Phan Nonglait” in many villages in Shillong and Nongkhlaw in the years 1994-9 expresses its contribution to the freedom struggle.
Khliehriat, July 23: The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, has expanded its office to the border areas known as the Kur Dkhar Narpuh Border Area Circle.
She said that after these allegations of corruption and other fraudulent activities, CVO Shatesh Varma was appointed to investigate into the corruption of NEEPCO officials. There are some people who don't want to hide the fraud in this office.
It may be recalled that the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headmen Association (ARGHA) together with the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (ARGHA) have met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to express their opposition to the The Rangbah Shnong of Garo Hills has been visited by several groups in the Marwet area.
At the time of writing, it is not known whether their illness is due to food or other causes.
Shillong: After the distribution of meat in Iewduh, the meat shops in Upper Shillong including Laimer, Kynton and Hynniewmer have started to be decorated. Mylliem Block, has held a two-day closure of meat shops until the 9th of this month to clean up the shops that sell meat every day.
On the nomination of Bah Paul, Bah Dkhar said the party has not yet announced but is still announcing the name.
She found his love to be weak and became sad and depressed.
“The first batch will arrive in Tripura within 10 to 15 days and in the next few months, another 10,000 tonnes of rice will be transported to Tripura through this route,” he said.
This was achieved after these four schools won the semi final match which was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh on Saturday.
Writing in X, the Minister said, “After the Garo language has not been included among the 38 languages ​​to be considered for inclusion in the fifth schedule announced by the Ministry of Home Affairs ( MP Agatha K Sangma and Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma have led a delegation to request the MHA. On their request, the MHA has now agreed to include the Garo language in the a list of words that do not require recognition"
These include 222 East Khasi Hills, 39 West Garo Hills, Ri Bhoi 6, West Jaintia Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 5, South West Garo Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 3, South Garo Hills 3, East Garo Hills 3, South West Khasi Hills 2 and Eastern West Khasi Hills
She said that there will be a special campaign for the registration of names at various Polling Stations where the BLOs will have to be present on the 11th and 18th November
The three-member Expert Committee is headed by retired Madhya Pradesh High Court Judge Mool Chand Garg.
Rangdajied opened the scoring in the 15th minute when Tremiki Lamurong passed the ball to Nengnong, who passed the ball to Nengnong. Langshiang, in which he scored the first goal which went through the feet of the goalkeeper of Rymbai Iawpynsing.
Recently, a group of meat farmers have complained that the area is not clean and can cause insects and diseases due to the proximity of the marten. HS Shylla visited the area.
Officials from the Tripura Sports Department, leaders of the Tripura State Olympic Association, Tripura Olympic Association, Tripura Sports Council and others were also present at the ceremony.
“I am the successor of Maheh Don and the works that he has done and that he is willing to accomplish I am the successor to achieve those that my son has not yet been able to accomplish,” said Bah Synshar. When asked about the tasks he intends to accomplish if the people allow him to contest from Sohiong, Bah Synsar said, Speaking on the occasion, she said that the task ahead of her is to repair the damage caused by the former MLA of Sohiong (Samlin Malngaing) in the past three years. it is also my priority,' he said.
Shillong, July 16: Since October last year, 2272 people have been trained in fish farming by the District Commerce and Industries Center (DCIC), Shillong.
Another task is the introduction of the Pnar alphabet.
The roads even inside Shillong have been badly damaged and often cause injuries especially to those riding scooty/bikes.
Regarding the increase in the price of fares, the union said that if the dewbilat companies do not accept the price set by the government, 2005) which stipulates that the price of transportation should be Rs 1.25/quintal/km which is T.12.50/ton/km.
Thousands of scholars from all over the country come to the city to drink from its springs of knowledge.
Referring to the government's claim that it does not have the funds to increase the salaries of teachers, Bah Process said, “If the government takes responsibility for the implementation of any project in the state, it should also do so. this is the case for teachers' salaries.
“Their lack of leadership is that these MLAs met me only six months after they joined the AITC,” he said.
However, there are also those who will go to Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) to develop their skills and interest in working in various fields.
“We have decided to lodge an FIR against the chairman of the VEC, Bah Dran Kharphuli and the secretary, Bah Disnor War for misusing this scheme,” said the president of SSM. He said the VEC has also been requested to issue the job cards and pass books of the beneficiaries.
Sailung Ialong beat Lutituber Ialong 4-1 in the first division football tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
In this regard, the Bible says – “Until the time of the end.
He said the HSPDP candidates will be released soon this month in many constituencies of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Author of LAMCHWA, an English Romance fiction.
Experts at Uptime can also collect data on truck performance so that they can be helped to predict breakdowns before these breakdowns occur whether at any time or in any place.
Although seven candidates have already filed their nomination papers, the contest according to the people is between two candidates, Bah Samlin Malngiang of the NPP and Bah Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP. Congress candidate S.Osborne Kharjana and others like Sandondor Ryntathiang of HSPDP, Stodingstar Thabah of TMC and Serap Eric Khubuki of BJP. The NPP and UDP are because they have been able to attract people to every public meeting by bringing people from every village to show their strength.
Meanwhile, police said that the Hailstorms Operation-3 will continue in Garo Hills.
Moodop Royal, Pateinki Sabah, FAM and Mookyrdup won the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
Meghalaya will play against Sikkim on the 23rd.
Therefore, to attract more tourists in our state we need first of all to provide good roads to various tourist attractions, to put these tourist attractions on the internet, to publicize the natural resources. to provide addresses and names of hotels, restaurants, shops, travel opportunities in newspapers or on social media, to have tourist guides, to let them know where there are places to eat, drink, and stay whether on the road or at the sightseeing spots or when you arrive in the villages and towns.
He said that there have been many meetings between the two states at the level of prime ministers and chief secretaries on this issue but till now no decision has been taken and this has caused many problems. problems for people living in these areas.
Police found the body at 11:30 pm.
The Home Ministry has confirmed that they will look into the matter as soon as possible.
We can say that it is a miracle that we have not yet experienced in our present age.
With this victory, Lajong have moved back to third place in the I-League with 16 points.
For more information on the CUET examination, students can check the announcement of the National Testing Agency, dated 9th June, 2023 and visit the website www.nta.
Rymbui said that according to the GAC report, the ADCs have not sent their accounts for the years 2009, 2010 and
By attending this Dorbar, you will be able to discuss and discuss many issues related to the society, such as the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum who hold on to the traditional faith as it has been established. I'm the Longshwa Manshwa.
Two cases were reported from Ribhoi District.
However, we must help them, so that they too can live a happy life, because their rights are human rights like everyone else.
Manipur came second with four gold, eight silver and five bronze medals.
They said that they went to Thangshalai, Mawryngkneng to gather tit.
AIS SUJAThis will come after the Great Tribulation of those 1290 days.
Through this World Soil Day, these agriculture experts have given training not only on how to improve the farmers in the field of agriculture, but also through this They also gave special training on how to use the soil and also that the farmers should protect the soil, which is one of the sources of their livelihood in agriculture.
The State Government has allocated T.10 crore for the program and the scheme is known as the Parking House Support Scheme, which aims to park 10,000 vehicles.
Shweta Pandit has accused the 57-year-old singer of raping her and besides her, two others have accused Malik.
The Maruti (ML05-E-0226) was set on fire at the house of IE Kharbani.
The people should be happy and should ensure that this work will be completed and enter the second phase of the boundary settlement, the six other pending areas,” he said. Prime Minister.
Meghalaya is the state with the largest number of Christians and we don't talk about that, because whether it is Christianity or any other religion including Hindu, Muslim, Sikh and others. that kind of religion spirit.
Bindo said the decision of the government and the High Court has confused the people because the High Court says that the Rangbah Shnong should have a rank while the Meghalaya government says that a government employee cannot be a Rangbah Shnong.
When asked whether the division of MDC constituencies for the purpose of increasing the number of MDC seats, Dr Kharsyiemlieh said that they cannot know about this issue as it is the Executive Committee of the party. The District Council has appointed them as members of the delliomitation committee and has directed the committee to complete the report as soon as possible and send its report to the EC as soon as possible.
Nongpoh, June 20: A petrol truck and a Maruti car collided with a petrol truck on Shillong Bye Pass road. This is the village of Mawpun in Ri-Bhoi.
J.Lyngdoh from Mooshrot said that women and children are more happy to travel when the road is good, sometimes they feel like there is no place left when they pass through the bad road.
I HAVE BEEN EXPLAINED TO THE WORK OF THE LAW OF THE KCHU AND THE SIANG AND THE PLAY OF 'KA RI BLAI' AND THE CHYLLAP CHYLLIANG SALONSAR. and Behdeinkhlam wasuk wa kmen to all of you on the basis of the efforts to improve the quality of life especially the COVID 19 pandemic this year.
BJP Karnataka Chief Leader BS Yediyurappa says he will visit many parts of the state to strengthen the party's activities ahead of the Assembly elections. .
In April 2021, a case was filed with the Mator Accident Claim Tribunal (MACT) to provide financial assistance to the victims of the MTC bus overturning so that their children can receive support.
“To avoid introducing a Vote on Account, we have decided to convene the Budget Session soon so that we can approve the full budget,” he said.
The elders also saw this.
However, it should be noted that the post of General Secretary of the MSOA does not mean that he will have to sit and work only at the desk in the office of the union in the state. From time to time, there are occasions when he has to lead the meetings of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), where at such meetings, unless he is a person who is skilled in the work or has a relationship or knowledge, Perhaps, it will be a big problem, in this regard, Bah Finely admits that as a person he has a lot of snap to work or experience, but when it comes to work in Delhi, it is a little different. He hopes that the work through the Athletics Federation of India will help him and hopes that in the IOA, the name of Meghalaya will be recognized by everyone.
UDP District Council Leader Teinwell Dkhar said that as of now, all six UDP MDCs have joined hands to form the ARPA. The UDP will continue to stand with the ARPA if anything happens in the future, but if it reaches the point where the Administrator will rule, the party will go first to the ARPA. High Party Level, but on our part as MDCs we prefer to go to the people through the elections,” said Teinwell Dkhar, Deputy CEM of KHADC. “We know the reason for this and we all know that the reason is that they are strong, but it is a blessing to us all, how can we walk? “How can we work if someone starts to turn the ship, the side itself in the end has to fall,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lambor Malngiang, said that the purpose of his visit with his members was to encourage the workers at the site and also to know the working methods. in the area, overseeing immigration.
The Court has not forgiven even the appointment in the High Court, in which it has expressed its dissatisfaction with the appointment in the High Court in the past 40 years, because it has not been explained why those who have done better They did not get the job, just because of the implementation of the Reservation Policy.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 5: Farmers have a happy heart and a smile on their faces as soon as the month of Naiwieng comes because it is time to harvest the soh which they have sown and worked hard. all year round.
The reason for the inability to control the traffic jam of commercial vehicles is because they do not do this in urban areas, but in more remote areas such as on the roads of Upper Shillong is located on the 101st floor.
As is well known, drug traffickers try as much as possible to hide drugs whether in food or beverages or in any other way just to get them to the customers.
According to sources, some ministers in the present government are planning to leave before the elections to contest from the BJP and other parties in their belief that the Congress will not be able to win. 2018 will come to power in this state.
One of the issues that the Council did not agree with was the insertion of the word President in paragraph 12 a,b of the Sixth Schedule and instead of this the word Governor should be inserted. to authorize the Councils only through the Governor to reject the implementation of the laws of the Central Government and to regulate the working methods.
The Naga Police guard their own state and do not allow the Assam Police to cross the border as they do on the Meghalaya border.
The number of cases has risen sharply in East Khasi Hills, with 131 cases reported today.
He said that the arrest of these trucks, which were allegedly carrying coal, was at a time when they were passing through many trucks, but at such a time, before they reached the unloading points. The truck was seized by the Byrnihat Police Outpost.
He said that according to history, only MPs from the National League for Democracy (NLD) have brought glory to the nation like Babu Jeebon, Prof.GG Swells.
He said that if there is such a complaint against the NPP-led government, it should not be prosecuted according to the law.
For the poor families, the school fees and uniforms may not be too much of a problem but the sad thing is for the parents who come from poor families and want to send them back to school. children in good schools.
The reason for the closure of the tollgate is that the five days deadline for foreign workers to submit the necessary documents such as work permit has expired. employee and trading license against the company.
The reason is that besides this bridge you can see the Lukha River and you can also see the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary. parking) in this area will damage the beautiful bridge which will enhance the beauty of the area.
Through this day, the leaders of the Ri Bhoi People's Council have taken the initiative to become full leaders of the Ri Bhoi People's Council. They were also encouraged by the songs of the youth who encouraged these leaders to take up the responsibility of leadership for the sake of providing the best service to the people of Ri Bhoi. There is a need for many leaders who are willing to speak out in order to improve the quality of services that are still lacking in this District.
Bah Rowel, one of the senior MLAs of the party, said he is ready to take over the leadership if the MLAs appoint him.
The Organization has also established the Children's Group Organization, the Syntiewbarit Organization and the Jingkyrmen Organization which are the first groups in Meghalaya.
There is no one to prophesy about the future, but these are the last days.
Shillong: In one of the most shocking and unprecedented incidents, the Ministry of Education of India, has responded to Bah George B Lyngdoh, On 21st November 2022, Bah George wrote a letter to the Ministry of Education of the Government of India, to questioned the non-release of the salary allocation of SSA teachers in Meghalaya.
Vehicles carrying beverages, security forces, medicines and emergency equipment will also be allowed and all drivers and passengers must undergo a test.
There are 9,58,377 people undergoing treatment so far and 90,000 people have recovered yesterday.
Sacred Heart Girls HSS won the second prize and Church Morning School won the second prize.
However, we are ST SC and we have lost you.
Furthermore, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, said that the Act also talks about Online Gambling, which is 'Khalai' through mobile phones and also (Online Betting), which means that people Cricket, Football and other sports in the state.
Speaking to media, the Director General of Police (DGP), LR Bishnoi said that the number of drug seizures and arrests in 2022 is higher than the number of arrests. and drug seizures in 50 years.
Another farmer, Ma S Pakynktein, who farms at Pynthor Nein, Jowai, said, “This year is a bad year because all the rice that has been harvested has been destroyed. Only the stalk of the rice remained after the rain came to cover and cover the rice.
These medals in the Athletics category were won by Skhemlang Suba who came second in the men's 800M.
The bodies of the five persons, who were believed to be members of the same household, were recovered from the burnt house.
“As soon as the fuse burned and the barrel fell, the light went out for 2 days,” said one of the residents of the village. you are a light manufacturer.
KT Robbins, 24, died when he killed Jeannine Ganaye, 18, while in Briey, northeastern France. two years later, he was transferred to another part of France and after that, he never had the opportunity to see or meet her again.
However, we cannot say that faith in God is the only reason for doubts about the vaccine, but it is one of the reasons and we have witnessed many discussions and debates especially on social media. medium.
“To link peace and stability to crime is not good,” he added.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School won the Best Athlete award in the Under-14 Boys and Under-18 Boys categories.
As the Leader of the Seng, he said that there are still many tasks that have not been completed such as the salary of the Cooks which has been demanded to be increased from Rs.1,000/- PM to Rs.6,000/- PM. All single digit schools or Rngai schools which have received public funds without any growth in the schools.
For this reason, our former leaders like Late Prof GG Swell, Late SDD Nichols Roy, Late D. DPugh, Late PR Kyndiah, Late Edwin Bareh, and Other of our leaders at that time were able to convince the Government of India to bring the NEHU to Shillong.
“India and Nigeria have a good relationship and we don't want this relationship to deteriorate but I urge those who have completed their trial to According to International Human Rights, they cannot be imprisoned for 9 months even if they have completed the cases for which they have been imprisoned for 6 months or 7 months. neither could they deliver them.
During the visit, the Election Officers will meet with the Chief Electoral Officer, Bah Frederick Kharkongor, District Authorities such as Deputy Commissioners, Superintendents of Police and Chief Secretary and Director General. of Police.
Shillong, Naitung 05 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday ordered a Departmental Inquiry into the smuggling of drugs in Marten. that such things shall not happen again in the future.
Similarly, the heritage of Pa Togan Nengminza Sangma was searched, but nothing was found except for a few parts of the clothes of the Garo warriors. Arak Sangma and Sahana P Marak, who are the Chief Executive Members of the State Government and who know well about Garo culture and traditions.
Jesus said, “SINN'T NO MORE”.
In an attempt to help, rescuers were able to rescue only two of them while the other two drowned.
Director Health Services (MCH&FW) at the two-day meeting on “Universal Health Coverage Day (UHC) 2022” held at Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh organized by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
KOZHIKODE: All shops will be closed in Kerala on Tuesday.
The soldier died at Ummulong while being taken to Shillong for treatment.
He said that I have not yet attended this Durbar Bah of you farmers because many of the farmers here are duplicate farmers even the crops don't know and if we give any scheme to the duplicate farmers it will disappear halfway. .
Through this statement, “We would like to extend our heartfelt greetings to all of you, Niamtre and all the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, July 18: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Amit Shah on Friday inaugurated the Cyber ​​Security Operations Center at the Headquarters of the Assam Rifles in Laitkor, Shillong in the presence of Director General Assam Rifles Lt.Gen P.C Nair.
An expenditure of Rs 5989.9 crore was also presented for the construction of various railway lines to the North East.
In these days, it has been reported that some Congress MLAs have started to express their disapproval that the party will no longer rely on Dr. Mukul Sangma to lead the state as the Chief Minister.
Don't torture yourself because Jesus has already suffered this for you.
During his journey, he met and fell in love with a young woman who was the most beautiful in all those areas.
The team was led by Anita Songthiang and Lameshwa Majaw as the recognized teams from the State.
This is even more exciting.
The BJP has started to persecute Christians across the states of India but the most prominent incident in Manipur in the past few months is still continuing. Manipur.
He said that because the cultivation of krai is easy, it can be harvested and used in case of food shortage or if there is a bad year in the world.
Although the government has not announced anything on the issues or agendas to be discussed in the special session, some media outlets from Delhi have said that in the special session, The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) has not been the issue of the BJP's election manifesto for three days. The BJP government will fight to attract women's votes by introducing the Women's Reservation Bill or a law to allocate at least 33 percent of the seats for women leaders. Women in Parliament and in the State Legislative Assemblies or State Legislative Assemblies.
Sadly, because we don't have adequate market seating, it was found that the vendors have reached the footpath which has caused a lot of traffic.
The second is Ganol in Garo Hills.
Another issue that the union demands is to ban the illegal trade of foreigners in Bri Hynniewtrep, the Work Permit for Non Indigenous People to curb the illegal employment of foreigners in Bri Hynniewtrep. , to strengthen the Prohibition and Detection of Benami Transactions, to curb Benami Transactions and the State Permanent Citizenship Registration Act to adopt the year 1971 as the year of registration and voting, In order to prevent the foreigners and mynder from voting in the Bri U Hynniewtrep and others, the party has lodged a petition with the Prime Minister. State, on 23rd June 2017.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Many souls have been affected, I can't help but give the nations, Their tears when I think.
Health and Wellness: Here they will check the health of the children on a daily basis, their ability to eat to ensure that they have a healthy body.
Mukhla Raij beat Evergreen Mukhla 1-0 while Dulong beat Mulang Ialong 1-0 in the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football tournament held at Kiang. Add Stadium.
He said that if you have seen such people, you can also inform us on this mobile number 9863017612/
Since Ernest took over as President, there have been many criticisms from the BJP leaders as well as from the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
While she was doing this, she suddenly heard someone behind her and when she looked at the baied, he saw that he had come to her house.
In addition, these few issues above are more important from health, education, roads and highways, urban development, water supply and electricity. The services of this government to the people and the state especially to the Jaintia Hills.
Similarly, in 2011, the state had 2966899 Khasi, 186347 Jaintia which is 62.80% and Garo only 1103542 or 37.20% of the population of the state.
Secretaries of the Association have distributed food items such as rice, dai and umphiang to 54 poor families in four villages including Lama, Natbor, Borkhat and Kwator village on the border with Meghalaya. (India-Bangladesh).
The President of the Seng, Bah Joplang Kharnaïor, said that the Seng has taken this step to protest against the attack on the Khasi people in Thangskai on the 24th of this month. The Public Hearing was held by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to improve the operation of the MCL or Topcem as informed by the public.
“We need to strictly follow the rules of wearing masks, washing hands and social distancing.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition held at three schools, Kyrdem Presbyterian Secondary School, Klew Presbyterian Secondary School and St. Teresa Secondary School Umket. Hundreds of school children took part in the draw on the theme ending Child Labour.
She said that at the hospital, doctors gave blood to Kong Palmtima.
“This is not a mistake, it is an attempt by Living to create religious differences, it is an attempt and such comments happened recently in Jowai where a person criticized the Seinraij Jowai. .
In the past few days, various newspapers have reported on signs of unrest within the MDA government. phloh from the sky without any paw pen ryngkew faithful.
Since 2015, RKSK has been operating in Amlarem, Laskein and Thadlaskein C&RD Block with 644 Peer Educators.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The President of the VPPP, Bah Donbok Dkhar on Tuesday laid a letter to the President of the VPPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. The State Government has sent a letter to the Reservation Roster System.
The water supply is the amount of water that occurs three or more times a day.
However, it should be clear from the outset that if the Expert Committee is set up, how many months will it take to submit its report and recommendations?
Because the sin has made them flesh and blood.
Dra Pahsyntiew said that whenever they visit the villages, the BJP Shella gets the cooperation of the people and they express their confidence in the leadership of Jropsing Nongkhlaw.
He appealed to the people to support him in the upcoming MDC elections and said that he is not disappointed or worried about the defeat in the last elections as he still has a goal to win. serve the people in any way.
The program was attended by 63 women including some women from the village.
He said the Congress is ready to support the education of those who are completing their studies.
Ma Comingone Ymbon, who has won three terms as MLA of Raliang, has appealed to the people to elect him as MLA to complete many pending tasks and urged the people of the area not to believe in lies. Ma Coming said this while speaking at an election campaign rally held at Nongjngi Lumtrep which was attended by thousands of people who supported him in the presence of MDCs of JHADC including u Lakhon Dkhar, Phasmon Dkhar, Eveningstar Teron and other village leaders from 8 villages of the Nongjngi Pyllun Dorbar.
The BJP as a party is ready to lead and go to Delhi to fight for justice and happiness of Christians”.
Besides politics, the meeting also discussed development issues in the region, border issues and others.
There is nothing wrong with the New Shillong Township but the Shillong Master Plan has been written and there is nothing wrong with the implementation of this Plan.
Besides, the residents of Shirui also participated in the tree planting despite the heavy rainfall.
The project includes four main components, namely 5G Training Labs for each state in the North East and cloud supported MOOC courses on 5G and TSSC. ) through Master Trainers for 5G Labs.
Because the child is young and doesn't understand why, when the old man knows why he pays more for those who don't have time than those who have time.
Shillong, March 14: Whether it is true or not, the state government has plans to arrest politicians including MLAs, MDCs and other politicians. who are involved in inciting the civil society to protest against the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Pondicherry, who had to tied first, managed to score 150/4 in 20 overs, while Meghalaya could reply only 73/9
That is exactly like those who read the Bible in 2006 who wanted to go to the night to the mountains, to the lakes and wells.
We listen to the voice of the people but we do what we feel is right and for the sake of the people and the state,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that 342 Harijan families living in Mawlong Market are not illegal residents but workers in the Mawlong Market. the Municipal Department and other government officials.
Many Meghalayans participated in the exhibition to exhibit their products including sohniamtra, sohtrun, sohmrit, shynrai Lakadong, slasha, umsoh and others. other food and agricultural products produced in Meghalaya.
Tynshain was seriously injured and was taken to Shillong Hospital while two others were treated at Dawki PHC. From time to time, illegal immigrants are attacked and robbed on the roads along the border villages from Dawki to Muktapur.
The custom of marriage or inheritance differs from one race or religion to another.
In the General Assembly elections 2023, the BJP has won only 7 out of 20 constituencies after the formation of the TIPRA Motha. that constituency.
Police have found that Angom had joined the KCP in 2009 and had completed physical training from a camp of the party in He was born in Upper Leishal Hill, Manipur in
Shillong: There have been 540 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 817 cases have recovered.
On the closing day of the month, there were many programs to entertain the students ranging from rïaw ka siaw, shad ka tem and others. and the Chief Guest also distributed the prizes to the winners.
On the day of the inspection, Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Kong Bankerlyne Rumnong, Longkmie, who donated the site, were also present. for the laying of these foundation stones and also to erect the welcome signboard to Meghalaya.
Earlier, she had already helped many families in Umshongpet.
There was an article in the Shillong Times in 2019 by a Khasi teacher at NEHU that Christians in Bangladesh are being discriminated against.
We live in the largest democratic country in the world, and we are fortunate to have the right that any of us can rule and emerge as leaders of you country.
We have to think for the children and for the future of future generations that peace must return and it must start now,” he said.
Father Felix Matta is a pious, cheerful, dedicated man for the good of all and never rests in the work of preaching the Word of God.
“Not only these, the three posts of joint directors have not been filled by the government,” said Dr Jemino.
Risfulda Syiemlieh, a former student of Rangjadong Presbyterian UP School, gave a special song and short speeches were delivered by the founder of the school, T.Bn.
And Young Ohibates.
Therefore, the Village Authorities which have their own border areas and the District Authorities should also think seriously about this.
When police arrived at the scene, they found him dead from his gunshot wounds.
Speaking at the meeting, the CM said that the government will open more than 100 Processing Units in the next few months, which will open up a lot of opportunities for the farmers to produce their products. which they produce by packing these goods and selling them to the market.
On the other hand, Skhemlang won the title after he finished faster in the 800M race. Glorify Kurbah won the title in 1:54.7 sec, which gave him 897 points, while Glorify Kurbah won the title after winning the title. She finished the 800m race in 2:21.5 sec and scored 809 points.
Meghalaya's bowlers have done well especially Shavian Blah and Angkit Tamang who have taken 26 and 25 wickets respectively in seven matches.
"A-26 says he wants India to be like Iraq and Syria," the NIA said. Out of the 20 suspects, 17 have not been arrested yet. Tehsin Akhtar, Haidar Ali and Ziaur-Rehman are currently in jail for terrorist activities in various parts of the country.
The HM should not prepare from other constituencies as I have heard, but to contest the election even if it is a single plan.
However, Prof Kma said that the statements of the VC are all untrue and misleading to the groups involved within the University and the public. The Meghalaya High Court has not ruled on this issue.
Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan and his wife Bushra Bibi have tested positive for the corona virus.
We believe that the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people have been defeated.
He said the Lokayukta, which conducted the initial inquiry, found shortcomings in the implementation of the project and immediately ordered a thorough inquiry.
He said the district authorities should not hide the incident but should cooperate with the journalists.
Therefore, the students these days should have the goal of going to school and reaching these levels for the glory of the area and the district as a whole.
Speaking on Adhoc Schools, Bah VS Nongbet said that in fact the government does not recognize the ad-hoc teachers but only the School Managing Committee. He said that the problem faced by the ad-hoc teachers is the duty of the MLAs to solve the problem because they have the responsibility and authority to do so.
On 21st November 2019, they went to Jorabat, Ri Bhoi (RB), where they met Sohaib and after that, he paid the money of T.4,70,0 - to Mariabait Marboh, but until now, he has not received these muid as they were cut off and Mariabait Marboh has not been found.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The new Legislative Assembly of the State has collapsed on Tuesday due to the collapse of the dome built on top of the hall. the State Legislature.
We will take a final decision after consultation between the two states,” said Bah Dhar, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District.
The destruction of households will cause many of our young people to live as they please and they will become problems for the household as well as for the society.
The chief guests who witnessed the tournament were the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture and others, who is also the brother of (L) Debo Shullai, Sanbor Shullai, Ricky Shullai and Saia Shullai. WJDSA Assistant Director Horticulture, Monalisa Shullai and others in the presence of WJDSA leaders and members, EMH Passah, Vice President Patrick Lamare, General Secretary Lammat Laloo and others.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 49513 out of which 44459 have recovered and 838 have died.
Rahul Gandhi's Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra is part of the Congress party's objective to raise awareness among the people of the country on many issues. to the people of the land.
The picture above is when the helicopter was on fire and the picture below is after it turned into a fire and burnt down. The helicopter was carrying Srivaddhanaprabha, 60, who has four children.
On this occasion, the Church read out a letter to the President of India, Droupadi Murmu through the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan.
One of the Khasi herbalists, while talking to Rupang, said that about 25-30 people come to buy medicine every day, and this happens every day.
The training will be held on the 29th of this month from 10 am and those who will take part in the training include various government officials.
He received a buskit of 100 tyngka (one hundred tyngka) for winning twice (according to Bah S Khongsir, Sanmer, Upper Shillong).
Abdel Fattah Burhan and the Rapid Support Forces, led by Gen.
“In the list of the 10 best programs in independent India, the Aspirational District Program will stand out,” he said.
Shillong, July 25: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) on Tuesday released the first list of 55 candidates for the upcoming Legislative Assembly elections. on the 27th of June.
New Delhi: Odisha Health Minister Naba Kisore Das has been shot dead by a police chief.
The MPHRC also said that the human rights organization will act as a bridge between the government and the community to discuss the necessary issues.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said that the decision of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, is against the order of the High Court and therefore the Hima has decided to close the road. There is also a dispute in the village, where the Hima is still trying to reach an agreement.
Therefore, the idea came up to convert the existing fertilizer shops where farmers used to visit the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samriddhi Kendra (PMKSK), a central place to meet the needs of the farmers.
According to official sources, four of the suspended Congress MLAs will join the ruling NPP and the supporting UDP and become candidates of these parties in the upcoming elections. come.
The Pyllun Police Station which includes three villages – Iapkhla, Kyanmynsar, Priang, Umdeinlin and Tongkiad Police Station has received its full office bearers for the 2021-22 term.
“We from the government will give the money to the school authorities and they will do whatever is necessary in consultation with the parents of the children,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The Jirang MLA also visited Hawla and Maikhuli villages on Saturday and Sunday.
This action of the Government is easy to understand by all the literate people unlike Zenith Sangma, a leader who lives only to waste his time to mislead the people through the Iing Dorbar. magnificent.
He said that the training was sponsored by the Quest Alliance from Bangalore and Grassroot in collaboration with the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE).
Superintendent of Police (City), Bah SA Rynjah, said that he has led a team of investigation into the incident and investigation is ongoing to find out the cause of the blast. the MPSC, the WAM Booth.
However, these lessons have helped me to recognize my own abilities and I feel more confident than I used to be.
He said that even the National Law Commission in 2018, has said that the time has not yet come to implement the UCC because there are no laws in India or the types of laws in India. country is still enough.
But I know the scheme exists but when they don't know, they throw it away,” he said.
He also informed that the number of people addicted to this type of beverage is increasing every year and urged the children to avoid these types of beverages.
Speaking in a loud voice, Adelbert said the 60 MLAs should support the ILP and this is only the beginning.
On the MUDA boundary crossing in Upper Shillong, Ronnie said that any law is made not to intimidate the people.
According to the BSF, they received a briefing from the Bangladesh Army, who said, “The BGB troops are still chasing the people who commit illegal activities in the area. but without knowing it they have entered the villages within India”.
The life of us human beings is associated with four seasons in the year, namely the spring, summer, autumn and winter. children, young and old.
However, the main reason for China's economic decline is due to the severe hit by the Covid-19 pandemic in the past three years.
The hearing came after Heard alleged that she was abused and assaulted by her husband during their marriage of a few years.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the owners of private hostels can charge the accommodation fees only for those who stay in the hostels. Hostel during the curfew, but those who do not stay should not charge accommodation fees.
Now they have become famous and honored the glory of the great Hima of old which was accused of stealing and stealing many precious stones from India and the most famous of those thefts is Mawlynnai Kohinoor which was buried in and they reigned over the kings of Bilat unto this day.
Pangniang said that the prime minister has said that there will be an independent inquiry team to investigate but the party urges the prime minister to take action on this and if found guilty should be punished according to law.
The meeting was held at Malki Square at 7 pm before the five persons left Shillong.
Thus Jesus teaches us to stand up and fight, to renew our strength and minds.
“These have already been done according to the reservation policy and now after identifying the needs, we have been able to move forward.
Referring to the creation of constituencies, which the BJP has proposed to run across the country in 2026, Lokesh said the TDP will ensure that the decision will not be taken to abandon or that the decision will affect the country. groups not only in Andhra Pradesh, but also in other states have been put in mind.
He said that the Congress is now in the midst of a split, in which many groups have emerged.
He said our country is a great example in this regard.
In a statement, the HNLC has threatened the Khasi and Jaintia MLAs who support Dr Mukul Sangma and has also threatened to bomb the Congress Bhawan.
“According to the world's circumstances, I don't know,” said the father in despair.
Bah Bayar Kupar Lyngwa and Kong Idashisha Nongrang in their speeches congratulated all the students who have passed well despite the pandemic of COVID-19, but they have worked hard without wasting time.
He said that it is surprising that at the time of the incident ha Khyndailad, although the police were present at the scene, they could not arrest the robbers. Two Khasi youths were injured.
The robbers broke the door of the vehicle and shot the driver of the truck and looted the money and phone.
The former Chief Minister said that the reason why his family has donated to the hospital on this 1000th anniversary is because it is in this hospital that his wife died. , she survived the birth of her first child thanks to the care of Dr. Huges and others and the presence of God.
Let us build a Society that will grow in all aspects.
It may be recalled that on Tuesday, the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, said that the Hima laws should be strengthened to curb the infiltration of foreigners, and this is right. However, the Council should also ensure that such foreigners are still allowed to trade freely within the boundary of the KHADC. Khasi women in Shillong are not able to buy houses in the name of Khasi women. There are many foreigners in Shillong who have bought houses in the name of Khasi women. Assam vehicles should be banned from blocking too many Dkhars.
Tripura East: Adv.Prasanta Sen Chowdhury.
On the other hand, the CoMSO wants the MRSSA Ordinance, 2019 to include a provision that all foreigners who come to Meghalaya for more than 24 hours must provide documents to prove that they are foreigners. in India.
St. John SS (West Garo Hills) beat Monfort HSS (North Garo Hills) 4-1
For this reason, Maieid was left alone in the battle (like Robinhood in the middle of the forest) and for this reason perhaps he did not want to marry until his dream came true.
The world has moved forward and thought newly, but we are still fighting and discussing the employment quota as the most important issue of the nation.
Presbyterian Methodist Christians in Hynniewtrep have been reading the Bible in their own language since 1846 after Thomas Jones translated the Gospels into Khasi Sohra and gradually, line by line, chapter by chapter. The translation of the Bible continued until the complete Khasi Bible was completed and published in
In the fourth match, Pammanik beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 2-1. Emlang Pakma scored the goals in the 17th minute and Dami Talang in the 40th minute. Monlangki Chyrmang scored the third goal in the 6th minute.
The Army, led by Lt Gen DS Ahuja, GOC 101 Area, conducted a patrol in the disputed areas of Shillong at 1 pm today.
Beijing: Chinese President Xi Jinping today visited Nyingchi, a border town near Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong, Nailar 4: As part of the improvement of roads in the rural areas and the convenience of the people in coming and going and especially in transportation, the state government will soon implement 75 roads under the Prime scheme. Minister of Gram Sevak Scheme (PMGSY) in seven districts of the state.
He said that according to reports on social media, it is clear that the police department is well aware of this prostitution in the country.
JSU Central Body General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen said that the vehicle used to be in Amlarem Sub Division, but it is not known why it was suspended.
It has been 29 years since he was with us, we are bringing this project for the people of Laitumkhrah.
The same was in the beginning with God.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Umden Area on Friday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi District Arpit Upadhyay regarding the threat. Sacred Heart Secondary School, Marmaiñ, Ribhoi District near the border of Assam and also Mission Schools in the area.
In a letter to the CM, Marak said, “I strongly condemn the abduction, assault and rape of four girls at Chenga Benga Mela in Garo Hills. A group of robbers suspected to be from the border areas entered the fair and committed the crime and fled the scene leaving these refugees in the middle of the night.
God had no mercy, God's heart was broken because of the wickedness of that city, but He saved Lot and his daughters, which means only his family. to Lot.
His joining this club (Bengaluru FC) is a blessing for him where he will receive better training.
With this victory, Laitkor have three points while Laitlyngkot have had to leave home empty-handed.
John is survived by his wife Badora Kharbamon and four children.
The MLA, after hearing these complaints from the Sordar Shnong, promised in front of the residents that the Gramsevaks of these two Block have done their part to collect the information. The MLA promised to immediately provide relief to all the families affected by the cold weather.
Speaking to reporters, James said, “Nothing has been discussed with the party or the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance on this issue”.
Many can no longer even manage their jobs or classes.
Sachin Chaudhari, Explore Globe, Mumbai, one of the guides for people who want to visit Ri Khasi, to see the crematoria and others, also delivered a speech at the meeting. that place is clean.
T.Sana said that it is time to unite as a party, to work hard for the party, to revive with one mind so that we can improve the welfare of the people. in society, the Committee also aims to advocate for the rights of the country and the people.
The Athletics Federation of India (AFI) has made it clear that all the approved athletes must participate in the National Inter-State Championships in order to qualify for the Asian Games.
Criticizing the Chief Minister for naming the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP in the last five years, the TMC name asked, “How can you The Minister is proud to say that through the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme, they have been able to provide water to 2.5 lakh out of 4000 households in 2018. He also gave the example of Imamsdrop village in Rongjeng, where the residents have not only been robbed. The Sordar of the village has also accused the PHE of misleading them to believe that the project has been completed.
T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner of SWKHD was the chief guest in the presence of DSO, students, teachers and officers.
On the order of the High Court to deploy 10 pyrtons of CAPF patrols to curb the illegal coal mining in the state, Pala said the cooperation of the state government is needed otherwise there will be no benefit. if you bring that CAPF spirit.
Kharbani said the party understands that the Garo people will not accept the counting of their share and the Khasi-Jaintia people will not accept this.
He added, “We have many other projects coming up, for the protection of water sources, and the places where water comes from.
Shillong: The Synrai Dorbar of the State Legislative Assembly, today, refused to accept the debate on the Bill to repeal the Khalai Act introduced by the only MLA of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert. Room.
He said that when he raised the issue, the Syiem and all the members of the Executive Dorbar took action and agreed to discuss the issue.
The incident occurred at 4th Mile Upper Shillong.
The Governor also presented the Tirot Singh Award 2024 for Arts and Culture to Risingbor Kurkalang and the Pa Togan N Sangma Award 2024 for Social Service to Dr. Delphine. Gare Momin and the Kiang Nangbah Award 2024 in sports to Phrangki Buam.
On the evening of the 28th, Lapalang village was shocked by the beating of Magistrates and Police by a group of Bihari Nongaidud, who threw nar rods and loads of milk at these government officials for their protest. illegal house building in Bihari Colony.
In the past four and a half years, we have achieved success in many programs in the form of missionary work to bring about change for the better”.
Psalm 2:1-4.
There is no drug factory in Meghalaya yet.
All 27 Meghalayans who were stranded in Israel due to bloodshed with Palestinian militants were safely evacuated to Egypt on Sunday.
“This incident has been going on for almost a month and the police should have arrested those who caused the death of the two men,” said the President of UDP Pynursla Circle. u Bah Aihok Congratulations.
Once again, the news that will affect the entire state in the coming days and times, has come out through the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India for the year 2021-22 on the situation. Your money is in Meghalaya.
As in 2019, this season too, the league will be played without a playoff or final.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dorphang said, “I am ready to speak at any time, at any place”.
He said that if these parties had come together to form a group, it would have been easier for him to take a decision.
On this occasion, awards were distributed to 123 students who passed the examination and rank holders. to the teachers and contributors in the development of this school along with the memorable certificates to those students who hold the top rank in the examination.
Furthermore, 80% of Government jobs are reserved for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, while 20% are reserved for OBCs and others.
East Khasi Hills district had the highest pass percentage with 78.18%, while South Garo Hills district had the lowest pass percentage with 22.67%.
On 29th November, the state government had announced that it had approved the expansion of the land on the request of the residents of Harijan Colony.
The foundation stone was laid in January last year during the tenure of the previous government.
The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla on Tuesday called an emergency meeting to discuss the incident in the presence of the Registrar, Dean in charge of the welfare of the students. Head of Security and Warden of Hostel No.
The Chief Minister said that the government after considering the recommendation of the 5th Pay Commission and after reviewing the Empower Committee has agreed to increase the salaries of all the ranks of government employees from 1st July, 2017 and the arrear of 40 percent will be paid.
Money and power are not the end of politics but the right leaders".
He said that on the incident, the village authorities and the residents have done this to arrest these three persons, after these three persons have confessed to shisha. They said that they had committed the crime by burying pylleng in two places, near the Dorbar Shnong and the house of the owner of the forest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that as a leader, he has the desire to work hard for the development of the villages in the area.
Therefore, the Executive Board has taken its measures to proceed to a final decision on 6th November 2022 where the NOC Election will be fair and where the election will be held. to the new leader at the head of the synjuk.
If we except ourselves, it is not enough because we must think of other people, the future of our children, the nation and society.
It was in the year 1873, in the outskirts of the Khasi Hills, that a different kind of tree, a strange tree, appeared, which was close to others and would carry lyngkhung kit lyngkor to fame.
BSNL's decision to withdraw money comes after it faced a severe shortage of funds, where this month, it paid the salaries of its employees on the 5th of this month. part of the salary of May
SS, Meet at 8 pm.
Doctors working in areas where there is a high incidence of bseiñ should be trained in basic life support skills and airway management.
Another earthquake measuring 2.8 on the Richter scale struck about 74 km east of Katra in Reasi district at 2.43 pm, the NCS said. The area covered is 5 km.
In the house of the wicked, you will be happy.
The shape, theme and the website will reflect India's vision and ambitious goals for the years to come.
“We have received information that the state government has explained the word 'Khlaw' without conducting any invitation to the public to explain the word 'Khlaw' as it did in the Tenancy Bill as before. .
Shillong, Jymmang 28: “The decision of the UDP and HSPDP on 25th June 2017 is enough to be the beginning, but if they think that only a little is enough, I have nothing else to say,” said the UDP and HSPDP. The MDC said that the decision was taken in a hurry, without including KHNAM and the PDF and without expressing the need for the decision. The contribution of the intellectuals of the nation and the Seng Bhalang who have lived for years and years tirelessly to ensure the welfare and life and death of the country and the nation.
Earlier, the Chief Minister had requested all the MLAs of the state to donate 10 months salary to the refugees of Uttarkhand who have been affected by the natural disaster.
Because sometimes they say that the improper driving of trucks will cause collisions or accidents but sometimes it is the improper driving of motorcycles and scooty drivers who have driven too fast that they cannot control the vehicle. Your motorcycle or scooty will not cause accidents.
At the time of writing of this news, there has been no change from the union and it is understood that the ban on beef will continue as announced.
During the meeting, the members of the union ordered the university to immediately dismiss the foreigner and to hire Khasi in all contract positions.
Khliehriat, July 10: The Seng Kur Dhar, Narpuh Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the murder of one of the members of the Kur named Sylvanus Dhar, 48 years old. Chiang Dhar, of Umkiang village, who was arrested on the 6th of this month.
The 3rd Lukha Festival will be held on the 3rd and 4th of June
Abhishek Banerjee, during his election campaign for the TMC candidate from 51-South Tura constituency, which is also the constituency led by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, told The TMC has already promised to implement the MYE Card and WE Card, where unemployed youth will receive 1000 tyngka in their bank accounts, if the TMC comes to power.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The High Court of Meghalaya today postponed the hearing of the case against Bah Adelbert Nongrum and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to the 7th of November.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed at the rate of 35 kgs per AAY FI and is available in urban and rural areas.
PK Boro, CEO, Jowai Municipal Board was also present at the meeting.
Therefore, they judge from head to toe before choosing to promote anyone to the office of judge: because they believe that these people do not have the right to judge in the court: they believe that the lympung durbar or the pyndem The altar is a holy place: only righteousness reigns in it.
I am an MLA not only for those who support me but for all the residents of Mawlai Constituency”.
He is the one who can cleanse the steps in your blood.
As an MLA, he promised to cooperate with the village and the party for many needs and urged the people of the area to unite in order to cooperate with him and the party. He said that we should take responsibility for the benefit of the village and not only wait for the government without doing anything for ourselves, we should demand the needs of the government. “But we should also take responsibility for ourselves,” said Bah Pangniang.
The Central Government and State Governments will work together to bring investment in education to 6% of GDP as soon as possible.xxxiii.
Participation in financial services has thus been recognized as an enabler of six of the nine Sustainable Development Goals.
Speaking to media, Bah Orester Mawlong, member of the HNYF Sengkmie, said that there are many bookies who run teams in which they have earned hundreds of thousands of dollars. the state government in the form of revenue does not exist at all because of the lack of licenses.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : Former MDC of Balachanda, Sofior Rahman together with 40 members from various political parties on Tuesday joined the All India Trinamool Congress to strengthen the party for the cause. The MLA elections will be held in
He also suggested to the alumni who can work together with the Batch Wise System which will be of great benefit and strengthening to the team.
After receiving a detailed information from the intelligence agencies, the BSF conducted a search operation at the border and rescued these 93 muid who were hiding in a lawbniap near the border with the intention of They were sent to Bangladesh.
They don't know A or B but they have lived a life covered with darkness.
According to sources, the incident happened at Rangblang Pambriew Market at about 7 pm when these houses suddenly caught fire.
Free education for women from K.G to P.G. Two lyer shet tyres will be distributed free of charge per annum through the Ujjawala Yojna.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday said that there are more than 200 students in Manipur and the government has decided to prepare to expel these students from Manipur. Manipur has been in trouble since the beginning of the year.
For more information, this reporter spoke by phone with the Secretary of the BJP Mandal on the other hand, Bah Rothel Khongsit, but he said that at present they do not want to say anything on the matter. soon they will speak the necessary.
“There is a difference between the BJP and the Congress on the CAB, because the BJP is trying to implement the CAB to make non-Muslims citizens while the worst is the Congress which has already brought 10 million. Muslims from Bangladesh and encourage other non-Muslims,” said Bah Paul.
Not only that, after receiving information on the central government's request for clarification on the 12 questions, the union has held a meeting and decided to send a letter to all the 37 leaders. He also asked what they have done for the country and the nation in such a difficult time, but out of these 37 leaders, only one has responded. Rowell Lyngdoh, the Second Prime Minister, wrote that only the District Council can pass laws on the Dorbar Shnongs as enshrined in the Constitution of the country. India and the Sixth Scheduled are not the state government and Rowell expressed his full support to the union, added Blah.
Servants of God, of any religion or church, need to have relationships with all political parties to be advisors.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang, 19: It is a pleasure to have the opportunity to find out and hear about the stories of the ancients because their stories are true and on the stories from Mawphor Under the leadership of Bah Demikstar Lyngdoh, Executive Secretary of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, the group had the opportunity to learn about some of the heritage stories related to the Shyllong Market. District, as well as some stories related to the Maw in Shyllong Market.
In reply, the Prime Minister said that the absence of some MLAs in the MDA government is because some of them have tested positive for Covid-1 Some of them have tested negative in the past two or three days and some of them have tested negative in the past few months and are still in poor health.
Jowai, July 07: The Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills District today celebrated World Environment Day by planting trees at the ground floor of the office. I'm from Jowai.
It is obvious that the participants in this march are not less than 100,000 people as the village authorities have prepared well for this to be a success.
Nongpoh, Nailar 29: After a woman from 20Mer village, Ri Bhoi District, was arrested by a CRPF officer, Pradip Nath, who was patrolling the village; On the other hand, the HNYF, 20Mer Circle, has strongly condemned this incident that people who hold the law do such things which have affected the society.
He said that the 44 foreign traders who have appealed to the High Court, the council will establish the grounds, if they do, they will appeal on the right grounds which will be looked into according to the rules of the council. Out of the 44, 24 are exporters and 20 are traders and other businesses.
However, unfortunately, the investigations work only in states ruled by other parties.
“We are also surprised by the letter sent by the DMC to all the cluster resource persons to conduct training on how to use the Ubiattendance App,” he said.
Shillong: The Chairman of the PDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, former CEM, has decided to contest the MP election. Sorry See.
The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, has issued a notice to the District authorities of Ri Bhoi District to close down the Khajna Gate after receiving a complaint against the Khajna Hill Gate. order to close down this tax collection gate from trucks.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: The price of biscuits has increased to 40 tyngka per kilo. The price of biscuits has increased to 40 tyngka per kilo.
for it is not only men who are passengers.
On the opening day of the match, Phiam FC played against Ku Chaphrang.
Shillong, July 29:The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday announced that today will be a day of darkness for the people. The MDCs and employees of KHADC have announced that there will be a flag raising ceremony to protest against the government's decision to amend the Meghalaya Services and Conduct Rules which bans government employees from holding the post of Rangbah. Village or to be a member of any organization or group.
Therefore, on this occasion, the Seng has warned the Khasi not to hire foreigners without proper documents as it will cause problems to the residents in the future. .
The speeches of MDC Bah Bajop Pynrope, I was shocked to hear and I was very surprised that he was reading without payment.
This day was celebrated across the state in collaboration with Dorbar Shnongs, Schools, Colleges and Universities with the aim of providing education on the need to protect the environment and its creatures.
The State Government today set up an Expert Committee and this was announced by the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang through the Personnel & AR (B) Department of the State Government.
They also questioned how the chalans were issued at the Hima market whether it was only on the market day or every day.
Because of this protest by the VPP, the GSU has demanded that the State Government should clarify/announce with figures on the number of unfilled jobs for the Garo people in the employment in the last 50 years. years have passed.
Shillong: Two trains specially allocated by the Meghalaya government have left Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan to carry the youth of the state, said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The Government itself will face many difficulties in providing for the needs of the market, although not perfectly, for the satisfaction of the farmers.
The Barato Village Council has filed a complaint against the Rangbah Shnong of Maitdein on the allegation that the people of Barato Village attacked him on the 6th of November.
Gog of Russia and his allies will attack Israel while Israel is still at peace.
The clock is ticking for another five months.
ARPA Chairman Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said the ARPA will meet on Monday to discuss the issue.
They further said that genetic science cannot prove that one group of people is stronger or superior than another.
Psalm 103:15.
In the hours when the fire trucks entered Thana Road, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) blocked all the vehicles from entering Khyndai Lad.
“The East Khasi Hills District Police have warned against anyone who tries to take the law into their own hands by disrupting the arrival of tourists in the state,” said the District Police Chief.
And he shall come down upon the mount of Olives against Jerusalem" Zechariah 14:1-4
He said that it has been observed that many of the parents who used to bring their children to school, wear helmets while their children do not wear them at all and this is very dangerous. the people do not know that the law exists in this regard.
On the monitoring of the COVID-19 situation in the country and to help the poor and needy people during this time of crisis, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, in his speech to the The country on July 7, 2021 announced the continuation of the PMGKAY (2021) scheme for five months until Diwali in November
In the quarter final on Friday, Demthring beat Evergreen Mukhla 2-0
They said that the demand is to build a road and not for the mining of uranium as opposed by the people and civil society.
When these bees fly from one flower to another they leave, unknowingly, some pollen on the female flower.
He was the fourth son among his brothers.
The training program was also attended by the Principal of RBP Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh.
Nongpoh, June 08: U Mohammad Azharuddin, one of the best cricketers and former captain of the Indian cricket team, today arrived in the state to witness the final match of the Challengers Cup The Meghalaya Cricket Association (NCA) will hold a tournament tomorrow at the Polo Ground.
The distribution of schemes to the unemployed youth should be (i) to those who are already in the line (ii) there should be action by the State Government and if this Act, without fail, it will be more Well, if not, these schemes will turn into money laundering schemes, in which the money of the Government of India will be distributed.
It is also part of the development of their talents and talented youth will have the opportunity to represent the District at the State Level and also at the National and International Youth Exchange Programmes.
However, it is true that the CT machine is no longer working," he said.
He alleged that the ECI officials did not tell the truth even though there were many who opposed the use of EVMs in many states.
Although all the civil society organizations in Garo Hills are opposed to this policy, the Khasi-Jaintia groups will continue to insist that they have been involved in this policy.
In the 50m butterfly, Alvinson Shylla, Rishanlang Lyngdoh and Tosanham Sangma were the winners.
Of course, we can still see and know that there are many ancient syrwet saiñ nar and syrwet shohthaw in many places and villages across the country, but we don't see any signs of the shlems anymore. you can see the syrwet of the remaining shlem in the form of stones.
The union has convened this public meeting to raise awareness on the main issues related to the proceedings before the National Green Tribunal New Delhi on the coal mining industry in Meghalaya since the ban. you are a businessman.
However, as the MLA elections are scheduled to be held in 2023, the UDP has unanimously decided that the former office bearers will continue for another year until this year.
For the benefit of the Garo people, all the 24 or 25-26 leaders of the Garo people should stand together regardless of whether they belong to any party or whether they are in the ruling or opposition. for the benefit of the nation they are united.
When asked about their resignation from the Congress, Mawkynrew MDC Banteidor Lyngdoh and Mawkyrwat MDC Hadrian Lyngdoh said that they have not taken any decision to join any party but they will. I'm not sure if I'm going to be an MDC.
The two organizations have decided to turn to the Secretariat tomorrow 25th of this month as a sign of protest and urge the state government to implement the ILP in the state immediately. The High Level Committee was chaired by the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Bindo M Lanong.
Earlier, the teachers had staged various protests to force the government to implement their demand.
In 2022, the BJP had nominated Rikman G Momin as a candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Tura but he did not win.
One of the reasons why we have not been able to hold the tournament with six teams, may be due to the lack of staff. the skills of the players from different villages.
Dundee said that according to discussions with senior officers, they have been informed that they have some to provide in the past years, namely to fill vacancies due to the shortage of job seekers from other countries. On the backwardness of the Roser System, the FKJGP said.
Cricket Australia (CA) and the Australian Cricketers' Association (ACA), two of Australia's leading cricket governing bodies, have signed a new five-year MOU.
:The new Khasi song, “Wan Pyntngen” is a recently released song produced by Heimonmiter Rymbai, while the video is directed by Goldenstar Myrchiang.
The Allahabad High Court has granted bail to five persons till October 20 on charges of involvement in the 2021 riots in Lakhimpur.
Wasa is in first place with 15 points from 5 matches followed by Ladthadlaboh with 10 points and Mynthong with 9 points.
The men's 1st XI will play at the Olympic Stadium in Montjuic before returning to Camp Nou for the 2024-25 season.
The Minister said that in 2019, during the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) examination across the state including in Dadenggre, it was found that there was a theft of questions.
The people have been silent only during the election and as soon as the election is over, they have started to change their silence because no one recognizes or counts them as human beings.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 27: Phurly Suting, 52, of Umtasor Mawdkhar, Ri Bhoi, has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Amison Muruh. He passed away on the 23rd of this month due to physical illness.
Nongstoiñ, June 13: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday appointed Macmillan Byrsat as the Chairman of the National People's Party (NPP). The State Disciplinary Committee (SDC) of the NPP party in Meghalaya.
“I want to serve the people and be a leader to carry the voice of the people and if you like me vote for me,” said Dawan and appealed to the residents to respect each other if they support anyone. The election will be held in two months.
The Union strongly condemns the rape and murder of this young woman and at the same time urges the law enforcement authorities to punish severely those involved in this incident. This is so that it will be a warning to others and that such activities will not be able to spread in this nation of ours which we are proud of as a nation that knows man and knows God.
He said that the Congress will win at least 32 MLAs in the 2023 elections and the loss of 12 MLAs from the Congress has been a disappointment for him as President. Their departure is a blessing in that in their place have emerged those who are wiser than those who have left the party.
They always want foreigners to come and work here".
“The economy of the Khasi-Pnar people in the past decade has increased mainly due to the establishment and opening of the capital of the state, Assam-East Bengal in Shillong in the year
The Executive Engineer said that there should be nine tops in the village but only to complete the work and the requirements have been provided from end to end.
How are you because you're far away and you can't trust me with a phone call.
He said that if the railway comes, many people from other states will come to work at the railway station.
D) in the subject Education from Mahatma Gandhi University, Meghalaya on 27th June,
Nongpoh, Lber 30: Persara UP School, Umsning, has become one of the schools in the Umsning area which has been growing steadily despite the difficult decisions and many challenges in the journey. The school has become a stronghold for the future of the children in the field of education.
Shillong, November 15: The last time to watch a Khasi film is on the 16th and 17th of this month at 11 am, 2 pm and 5 pm. .
The Minister said that the NHIDCL has confirmed that the maintenance will start soon in the next few days and has confirmed that the construction will be complete.
The news comes at a time when Iran has already witnessed protests over the death of Mahsa Amini in the same manner.
Shillong: The State Government is preparing to prevent the spread of Corona virus which has spread around the world including in India.
After the match went into extra time, Aizawl tried their best to score the first goal of the match and it was in the 80th minute that Lalrinzuala scored the first goal of the match. score mar ten goals.
He said that the union has also sought information from the Syiem of Raid Marwet that the land is still under the jurisdiction of the Raid Marwet and the documents from the Raid are not available. The MIDC will continue to investigate and take the necessary action against the MIDC.
She said that the 'Head' or brain is related to the development of intelligence, thinking and reading and that the 'Hand' is related to the ability to do various tasks related to the length also.
The book is taught by Class III students at Little Star Senior Secondary School, 9th Mile, Baridua Ri Bhoi District. They are Bengali, Nepali and Marathi.
The villages under the Barato Police Out include Barato, Mukroh, Saba, Maitdien, Jongkynshur, Iongkwang, Thangrain, Khliehsniriang, Shiliangmyntang, Thadsning, Thad Ialong, Musiaw, Samatan, Moobandu, Latymphu, Thadbamon, Ummsalang, Sow. and Brotherhood.
Nine colleges participated in the group singing competition while 12 students participated in the solo singing competition.
This is the report of DL Siangshai, Editor Mawphor.
SDO (civil) Bah CVD Diengdoh said the purpose of the Cherrapunjee Festival 2013 is to promote the local products, fruits and vegetables, especially sohniamtra from Mawphu and Nongsteng. traditional food from Khadar Shnong, and one is to promote Sohra as an example where David Scott came to live and many items that have been famous to this day.
Nongstoiñ, November 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma on Tuesday visited Shahlang village to lay the foundation stone of the new C&RD Block.
On the other hand, some of the drivers have requested the government to resolve the issue as soon as possible on the incident ha Mukroh. He said that this incident has affected the passengers, not the bloodshed especially the drivers because the noise is one of the reasons why it has affected the passengers, the drivers of commercial vehicles until they cannot climb to the Meghalaya.
The incident happened at 11-11:30 PM and the fire destroyed all the equipment in the factory and a Maruti Alto which is newly set up in the house.
On the allegation that he supported the NPP during the dissolution of the UDP-led EC, Bah Malngiang denied the allegation and said, “There is no such thing.
“It is with this attitude that I want every youth of the state to have it,” he said.
Mange Ram, State Director, Khadi and Village Industries Commission, Shillong, explained about the various schemes of KVIC and also talked to the students about the Khadi Charcha.
East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills won the bronze medals.
If we turn back to the language we speak, this also shows that we are one nation because the language we speak is from the same ancestors. from the same Austro-Asiatic language within the Mon-Khmer branch.
Every moment, we need air to breathe – soul.
If this doesn’t reveal her hypocrisy just for power and seat, what will? the organization recalled.
Speaking at the meeting with the BJP leaders from Nongpoh, the National President of the BJP Mahila, Vanathi Srinivasan expressed her happiness to have the opportunity to meet with the BJP leaders and supporters as part of the strengthening of the party. The BJP party for the 2023 elections in Meghalaya.
Happy Nongkrem and Pomblang Day to you all.
One of the main objectives of the MDA government is to help and empower women and children.
Bah Donborwell Marbaniang said that the program will include many performances, dances, traditional songs, as part of the program to showcase the richness of the Tyrna area and others.
He said the government has decided to collect revenue from the kyaid which is run and purchased by the army.
Replying to a question, Bah Mitchel said that he will not contest from Mylliem constituency in the upcoming elections. because he wants to be with the national parties.
Ñianglang said that although government officials from various lines have visited the village, but the surprising thing is that they have not been able to help in terms of the road.
Some people cannot live without a mobile phone for a single moment.
The family members of the mother, who is from Mawlai Mawtawar Village, alleged that the death of the child was due to the delay of the hospital in providing treatment.
However, as it is now, the expectation of the people to get a good road, has been in vain and has not reached anywhere.
Now I am thinking with others how we can help you to clean up the house of Bah Let even though he is the Rangbah Shnong.” , he said.
As our ancestors said, it is like the story of 'U thlen' which only deceives our own people,” he said, adding that the people blame the NPP and praise the BJP and Congress.
To love others and be loved by others.
Speaking as the chief guest at the workshop, “It is the duty of the youth to preserve the culture and religion in the society”, Bah Rumnong said this while speaking at the workshop. 10 km from Mawsynram on Saturday.
Also some plant-based foods such as walnuts and flaxseed.
“When we examined the three foreigners on the Waiting List of the Open Category, we found that one of them did not have the necessary documents to prove that he is a Meghalayan.
Sustainable Development GoalsThe Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) have advanced the work to bring about sustainable development in the world.
“He said that as a person who travels around the country, he finds that poverty in the city is very different from poverty in the countryside.
At present, four more land ports are expected to be set up at Shella Bholaganj, Gasuapara, Mahendraganj and Dalu.
“According to the report received by us, the canteen was run by Khasi in the past, but for 10 years it was owned by a group from Kerala. The trading license and the Dorbar Shnong have not issued the NoC but they have shown that they have received it from the Municipal Board but from the Municipal it is not related to the business,” he said.
The cameraman of this song is David Donbok Kharkongor.
In addition, since the beginning and so far, 14,39,422 samples have been tested.
Shillong, November 01: U Leader of the Opposition Mukul Sangma on Friday demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) The National People's Party (NPP) has registered a case against the Chief Executive Member (KEM) of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Tuliram Ronghang on the allegation that the Khasi-Pnars living in Mukroh village are only foreigners living abroad. law.
What is surprising is where all this electricity goes.
The Court of Special Judge (POCSO) of West Jaintia Hills, Jowai has sentenced Treda Sungoh to 20 years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000 for raping a 15-year-old girl.
Wahkaji have now seven points from four games in the 2nd Division of the MDSA. Mizoram have won the gold medal by winning the gold medal. Mizoram didn't see any disappointment or defeat but the skill of this team beat Manipur 3-2 in the final of the Table Tennis tournament. of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which was held at NEHU Indoor Hall.
Because even the Niamtre or Niamkhasi cannot practice their faith when there are Synods of their own... Sienraij Jowai go forward we from Sienraij, Sienkhasi of all kinds we will always be with you.
Sanbor said that the construction of the well by the army has damaged the water wells in Lawsohtun and has broken the water pipes. He said that the village will continue to oppose the army to build anything. The Guwahati High Court had also issued a ruling in 2007 that the army should not build any buildings in the area.
Before this, the MDA Government led by the NPP party, all the non-Government teachers (Govt.
The Meghalaya government has also appointed a retired judge to investigate.
The MOU between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sharma, was signed by the Minister of State for Home Affairs. The Union Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, has said that the issue that the people are strongly opposed to is the transfer of the fish pond to Assam. In the Raid Marwet of the Hima Mylliem, they did not agree with this border arrangement because many parts of Meghalaya went to Assam.
Therefore, the main reason is to strengthen the spirit of salonsar along with the strict rules and regulations that the goal is to establish only one true national organization without any influence on selfishness or group thinking. .
When asked when he will be married, Salman told a television program that he will be married once his cases have been completed in court and if he has to sit down, prison, so that he may be married, when he is released from prison.
“The Government should not listen anymore, it should act decisively.
The singles tournament of Table Tennis started on Saturday.
The state government has recently informed the Meghalaya High Court of its decision to convene the HPC to discuss the matter on 15th and 16th November.
The Act also prohibits the carrying of firearms or explosives before the end of the Lok Sabha elections. Police, Home Guard, Forest, BSF, CMPF and License holders should also report to the Police Stations nearest their residences.
The completion of your registration will be on 27/05/2022 at Umladkhur.
The Dkhars don't like Tribal Races BECAUSE WE HAVE SPECIAL QUOTA OR SPECIAL RESERVATION BEFORE THE INDIAN CONSTITUTION.
He also urged the media of the state not to publish inaccurate news on this incident.
“The earth shall pass away, and the heaven shall pass away: but the word of the Lord shall not pass away” (Lk 21:33).
The shortage of books in the market, the urgency of the Government to introduce new books has caused a lot of trouble for many.
“The highest salary of NEC employees is only T.8 lakh per annum and if you pay only T.1 lakh, it is not easy to get skilled people.
Meanwhile, Hamas reportedly attacked Israel just days after Israel signed a social peace agreement with Palestine after decades of conflict. and Israel.
This scheme helps MLAs to return to power or to lose.
He also congratulated the students who have passed their examinations.
New Delhi: The oxygen supply to seven private hospitals in Delhi has run out, said Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal this evening.
The seminar was attended by Guide Captains, Guides and Rangers from various schools including St. Mary Mazzarello HSS, Jowai. Adventist School, Mihmyntdu, Achiever Secondary School, Ummulong, Lissi Pearls School, Mukhla and Thomas Jones Synod College.
After the government has already identified seven districts as drug hotspots, Bah Paul said, this allocation of funds will be for these districts.
These training centers also provide training using technologies such as Graphic Designing and Animation and high-quality software.
On the other hand, the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has urged all the MLAs of the party to go to Sohiong constituency to win the victory of the UDP candidate. The UDP will win the Sohiong constituency.
The remains of Chiang Dhar will be buried tomorrow at the Umkiang Catholic Cemetery at 11:30 AM. Dhar and Secretary J.Dhar.
Shillong: The FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the power outage by MeECL in Pynursla and other villages in the Riwar Mihngi.
Shillong, July 27: U Tuesday Lytep, President of FKJGP Jaintia Hills, Shillong, has written to Lt. Colonel Rajeev Malhotra, Project Director Shillong, Shillong. The Jowai-Malidor double lane project has been implemented by GR Infrastructure with a length of 102 km.
After the G20 Summit, the Parliament of India is preparing to hold another important meeting, the P20 or G20 Parliamentary Speakers' Summit on 13th and 14th March.
Khliehriat, April 3: The Kur Chyrmang-Kympad meeting held on the 1st of April at the residence of Bah Ebas Chyrmang in Khliehriat West, has unanimously elected With the consent of all the Kur Chyrmang-Kympad, the office bearers were elected and the term of office of the office bearers and Executive members shall expire within three years and after this the Sengkur shall be renewed.
Mumbai: The vehicle of prominent journalist Nikhil Wagle was stoned at a BJP shit party on Tuesday while he was on his way to Pune for a meeting. take part in a meeting.
Jowai: The Dolloi of Rymbai Elaka, Elios Swer, together with his brother-in-law and sister-in-law drowned in the Prang River today after a sudden flood due to heavy rains from other parts of the district.
The cost will be covered 90 per cent by the central government and 10 per cent by the state government, which will benefit 8 lakh households and 3.4 lakh poor households in the state, excluding government employees.
Diosstar, who is the only driver of Hoping, who won the HSPDP ticket, said that this is a clear sign that the people of Nongstoiñ love him as much as they love Hoping. The HSPDP will win the elections without doubt.
Although we understand that we have been discriminated against by the 25 people who have been evicted from the Toll Plaza, we have decided not to be afraid or hesitate, but to move forward to get back our right, he added.
In these days of lockdown when the government does not allow people to go to church, there are those who oppose.
It is learned that about 300 songs have been composed by different instruments for this election.
Even the BJP MLAs in Meghalaya are proud that if the people allow the BJP to rule for 10 terms, their demands will be met within five minutes.
Narrating the last moment their son was able to spend with his father, Ribayana said, “My son cried because he wanted to go with his father, but u (Bah Seiborlang) stopped him by saying that he was going on a long journey.
Bah Peter is a former PWD employee, and retired in 1997 as a junior engineer. He has served as the Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkyrdem for many years, as the Secretary of the Village Council. General Secretary of the Federation of Ri-War Mihngi Local Dorbar (FORMLD), and as Secretary of the CCIB, and Secretary, JAC.
On the other hand, Maharaj also explained in detail about the activities taken by the Ashrama and the achievements of the Swavalamban Center which has already been implemented through the assistance of SIDBI to develop women in the field of teaching. bad clothes.
Furthermore, Bah Wanlambok Mukhim expressed his happiness that they have a leader who has always been able to support them, although he cannot give everything but he tries to get it.
Our country has experienced such tragic incidents in the past years.
“The work on the construction of this water supply project in Shillong has progressed well and we hope that the project will be inaugurated this year,” he said. .
Kovind will take part in the graduation ceremony at the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) this morning, the statement said.
He said that in the Special Session of the KHADC on 30th June while the Session was going on, the PDF leaders were politicizing the VAB. An SMS mobile message was sent to the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs during the Dorbar Bah on that day at Polo Ground.
On the other hand, the NPP led by Denang T Sangma, CEM of GHADC, also visited the scene of the incident and the victims.
Earlier, Danggo urged the supporters not to send him to contest the election because he does not have the money, but if the people want him to contest the election it is up to the people. He said that he has not resigned as a member of the NPP. He said that it is up to his supporters from which party they want him to contest. He said that he will contest if he comes forward to contest this election before he goes to file his nomination papers.
Revelation 7:1
The price at Police Bazaar, we don't surprise anymore, because it's not just a place to go, but everything else, there are only those who are expensive, maybe it's just a tad waidong, but if you buy juti, buy patlun sopti, to eat or drink, and so on, we know that when we went to Khyndailad, we had to put more rben in the pla, but we were immediately disappointed.
This is according to a statement sent by Samla Wilfred Sohphoh, Publicity Secretary, ICYM Shillong Archdiocese.
The increase in the number of two shakas has increased the congestion on the roads around Shillong and these two shakas are violating the rules of traffic and are driving at will from any direction, whether it is from on the right hand or on the left, they walk without cause, and cause trouble to those who pass by.
He said that the health department needs to conduct a thorough investigation together with the village authorities and village authorities to avoid causing confusion among the people as many have had to leave the job to They returned home immediately after declaring the area as a containment zone although there were no cases.
The advancement is that dissertations and theses can now be written in Khasi.
"“For us, this match will be more difficult because the opposition has good players.
According to police, about four masked men attacked Singh and shot him with about 20 bullets.
Bahrit Blister is a man whom all the villages of Smit and the surrounding villages know for his humility, who does only to make friends with anyone, and who smiles all night.
At the Secondary level, there was no report to show a single child to be enrolled in the NIOS list although the number of such children who needed to be sent to NIOS was 1,3
The International Film Academy Awards (IIFA) will be held at the Etihad Arena in Abu Dhabi from 26 to 27 June.
Also present on the occasion were Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoiñ, Bormanding Nonglang MDC, Samla Deborland Kharsyntiew Secretary Siejlieh Village Council, Samla Bendrowell Hashah Secretary Siejlieh Village Council. Youth Organization and other leaders of the area including Congress workers.
Poverty has increased in the State and it can be said that poverty is knocking on almost every corner of the house.
However, in the election that year, Pynshngaiñ lost and only Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew, Hamlet Dohling from Mylliem, Gavin Mylliem from Sohra and Jason Sawkmie from Umsning won.
Meanwhile, Bah John F Kharshiing, one of the speakers at the meeting, said that the IOA is still alive and has a way to fight for its inclusion in the Constitution.
The results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate announced by the MBoSE on Tuesday have brought a clean result in Jaintia Hills where 7 students from 4 schools have passed. schools that made the Top 20 and Top
He gave an example that if you walk from Khimusniang to Mihmyntda it takes hours, but the UDP has a master plan to improve the congestion in Jowai. Besides the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme which is the scheme of the Central Government, other sources of assistance will also be sought.
The officer was also accompanied by the Block Development Officers of Mawthadraishan, Nongstoin and Mawshynrut C&RD Block.
“If the state government has the will, they can increase the salary of the day laborers across the state” with the cooperation of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Education, he said.
"We couldn't have played better in this match," Messi said after the game.
Shillong, Nailur 07 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday visited Mawryngkneng to inaugurate the newly constructed Community Health Center (CHC) and Transit Home. for women who are pregnant.
He said it was necessary to recycle the wastewater as recyclable.
By BM Pugh, Principal, Assam Agriculture CollegeI would like to express my gratitude to Bah Spiton Kharakor for kindly giving me the opportunity to publish these articles in Rupang. urged me to write it.
“This is just a shame of other parties and their office bearers, who have not slept anymore in these days after hearing this news,” said the Secretary of NPP Block Sohra, Bah Alex Diengdoh. .
“Earlier, the bail application for Bah Iangrai was rejected twice by the Special Judge and also by the Meghalaya High Court, which forced him to apply for bail from the Supreme Court,” Yobin said.
The Waheh Shnong of Panaliar Riquoma RQ Laloo urged the residents to take care of these endangered animals and not to shoot them.
Cores Marweiñ, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) instructor in his speech, explained some of the aspects of the origins of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) which started worldwide in The UFC was launched in 1993 in the United States of America (USA) and in India in
Shillong, July 3: The Banan Village Council of Nongtalang Village has lodged a complaint with the Union Minister of State, Ma Smt.
Billu Singh's demand was to object to a complaint by VGK Kynta, who represented the Khasi District Council, that the case was defective in the preparation of the case. , has dismissed the case, although it has not prohibited the filing of a new appeal, if anyone wishes to do so.
Several people were also injured in the incident.
“Therefore, as one of the strong supporters of the UDP, I urge the state government leaders to remove the benefits of the PDF MLA from Sohra as a member of the coalition government,” he said. said Mr. Riskhemlang.
Guwahati, July 28: Addl SP of Sonitpur Guljar Hussain has been killed while five other policemen have been seriously injured in a shooting incident by NDFB militants. , Sonitpur District, Assam, at 7:15 pm this morning.
“You are the most corrupt because you have not done anything for five years, you have not provided adequate roads, health centers and schools.
Shillong: As part of the Government's call to impose a curfew to prevent the spread of Corona Virus (COVID 19), all the residents of Mawryngkneng Village have been informed. The Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng Village, has suspended the market on 27th October 2020, to prevent the spread of Corona Virus (COVID). 19), said a statement from Bah Wanlambor Kharsati, Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng.
He alleged that this statement of this candidate, however, is confusing if he says that the poor cannot cooperate in the village affairs.
This is a good sign that the political parties and political parties should respect, so that those who are still in the grip of unjust wealth can escape in the name of patriotism.
He rushed to the All India Radio Shillong area and it was there that the police had to shoot him after he carried a stone to throw back at the police who had arrested him.
He said the government should pass the Bill as soon as possible so that it becomes law.
“It is not difficult to pass the IAS examination, but you need two things, that is perseverance and you need time to prepare and here in Shillong, we need training centres,” he said. .
He said that if necessary, the health authorities in the district can also take over and use the ambulance of the party for the welfare and safety of the people. the people at such a time of trouble.
Since last year, rumors have been circulating that Jisoo will release her new album this year but it has not been announced in which month.
The central theme of the program was delivered by Bah A.Nongkynrih, President, Shillong.
Sohiong: The residents of Mawtap village, have staged a road blockade for three days, to demand that the PWD should explain why it has banned the construction of the footpath constructed under the NREGS scheme. for the safety of the people of the village in walking and standing.
She is also said to have participated in the 2020 fierce farmer protests.
After a while, they arrived in Jaintiapur.
The Central Government is implementing the SSA scheme so that all children from 4 to 14 years of age can receive adequate education free of charge.
“It was the GHADC that was the first to pass such a law and now the JHADC has the same intention for such a law,” said Bah Shylla.
“Do these Government officers paid by the Government take responsibility when they are the ones who supervise, approve the projects, designs, plans, schemes and even to hand over the certificate? when the work is finished," he said.
Nongpoh, Lber 23: The National People's Party (NHP) today visited Mawkhanu village on the Shillong By-Pass to check the documents from hotels and dhabas shops due to the presence of foreign workers. state in this area.
Now when this Beast who came up from the sea died and came back to this earth, he will become the eighth king (Phra).
“It has also been a waste of our hard work throughout the year, sleepless nights to prepare and study social science,” said the students.
According to sources, the decision of the state government to introduce administrator rule in KHADC has reached the ears of the BJP leaders in Delhi who are unhappy with the decision of the state government. The Congress has not appointed an administrator.
The incident happened at 9 pm this night, when a truck number AS 01 BC 6567, which was heading to Shillong from Guwahati, collided with a truck. The house was hit by a roadside bomb, until it caused serious injuries to the man and other people who were sitting inside the house.
When the cow crowed, the earth was shaken.
The demand for the removal of those ethnic groups was raised in 1966-67, when it was with the Joint Parliamentary Committee and the approval was sent to the committee in 1970 to the Prime Minister. duh of the country.
The decision was taken after the march.
There are also about 100 people who are in the development stage because they still need more training to try again.
In another match, Meghalaya U-16 won the fourth match of the Vijay Merchant Trophy held at Tezpur, Assam on Saturday.
“Every time there is a dorbar in the last five years, we raise the issue of the border for discussion and we urge the government on this issue and also on the development of the country. “It's not like we're going to be able to set up an outpost, but what we're saying is that they didn't take action”.
how to pray spiritual prayer.
Before the first cow is slaughtered or the birds are slaughtered, the Duhulia come out at Tyngkong and play only the Bom.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Bah Lambok Rymbai General Secretary KSU North Khasi Hill District as the chief guest, and other leaders of the area. Nongpoh, including Bah J. Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Pa Hamsyiem, Bah Wan Phrang Sumer, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Northern Region, Bah B. Khar, Vice President of PSCC and others.
Those who violate this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
When asked about the cultivation of sying, he said that from 2020, the price of sying will remain at 50 tyngka per kilo.
Traffic jam in this part of Shillong will be reduced and vehicles coming from Pynursla, Sohra and Mawsynram will no longer have to enter separately, as at present, Shillong, that is, when they need to go straight east to Guwahati.
God warns, “And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.
The Kur, the Kha, the Lok, the jor, the neighbours, the marpa, the villagers, the neighbours, the neighbors used to drive away when there was death or life, that is the custom of us Khasi.
The Army has four regiments deployed by the British Government throughout India, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
However, the best way to build the Jaidbynriew should be by setting examples and with advice that can make all those who commit unacceptable acts in society aware.
Renaldi Dhar, U18 Event- 100M & Long Jump.
In the second match, Kharang SC beat Nongkolew SC 2-1 goals to win for the second time in three matches.
She reminded that as human beings we must trust in God in this time of trial and also take care of ourselves.
In such a game, there may be a long drama with dances and dances at all times during the closing ceremony.
The Lama of the country shall not touch the ground or the ground or the water.
The union on this day sent all these foreigners home to Assam and warned them not to continue to work within the border of Upper Shillong and the whole of Bri Hynniewtrep. She also requested the owners of houses and contractors to bring in Khasi workers and not foreigners.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Chief Engineer (C), Maintenance & Small Hydro, MePGCL, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused the water level in Umiam to rise to 3205.62 feet. at 10.30 am on 26th May 2017.
