JOWAI: The Director of Arts and Culture of the State Government, Bah W Nongsiej on Saturday inaugurated the 100th Anniversary of the Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij.
The decision was taken by the Assistant General Secretary, Bah DL Nongbri, who said that there is a trial practice training session for the children's sports teams.
Earlier, the party had announced that it will start shooting in Laitlyngkot from 16th November 2021, in a statement issued by U.S. SR Lyngkhoi, General Secretary of the party.
There are seven candidates from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The UFC has also announced the participants for the second season of the Road to UFC. and it was nine years since I came to Jerusalem.
You can't buy medicines or medicines.
There are states, district authorities and experts who have suggested to continue the curfew after 14th June 2020 to prevent the spread of the disease, he said.
Speaking to reporters, after a meeting with NHIDCL, BRO, PWD and contractors; Nagaland Minister in charge of PWD TR Zeliang has said that safety should be ensured not only on the NH-29, Dimapur-Kohima but on all roads. He said that safety is very important in any road construction project.
He also urged the residents not to be afraid to send for testing as the testing is quick and will not announce whether or not there is a positive case.
When asked why formalin is found once every five years, the President said, “We have already been banned in
The JHDS in collaboration with the National Bank of Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has conducted a 60 day training on the field of mystery wood. Basic Carpentry lane mystery wood.
Chairman of Center Point Group Enterprise, Bah PD Saw will be the chief guest.
This comes after the authorities of the Subroto Mukherjee Sports Education Society (SMSES) found that 15 teams of children were cheating on the age of children by competing against those over 14 years of age. .
Two of these members, including the woman, are currently in hospital.
We don't talk about these incidents here, but the question is whether the banks where we deposit money are strong enough to protect our money and when there are such incidents, whether the banks , do they pay or not the money that has been stolen from their pockets or we, the victims, if the incident is not in our hands and not only that, the pictures we have Are your names, id cards and so on, whether they cannot be used by others? This is a question that is difficult to answer, because As mentioned above, it has been seen that the smugglers are much smarter than the government smugglers and the smugglers are very successful people and they are not thieves, robbers. ; But there are those who want to make fun of others, through their wisdom and then when they steal, they don't steal lakhs, but they steal billions and so the problem is that the money and your personal privacy, will be confiscated by these internet networks from now on.
It is said that an increase in uric acid in the blood can occur if the kidneys cannot produce or transport this acid quickly into the urine.
The office is located in Laitumkhrah Nongrimbah.
Then God says more and more that He will bring blessings for obedience and curses for disobedience.
Please have adequate toilets, ambulances, drinking water and please come to this place, don't protest on the highway,” said Shah.
The PDF today released the schedule for the KHADC and JHADC elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
When you win the election, the people don't feel different.
The group congratulates Rockdonal K.Bani.
MPWU President Bah Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Kiri said that many of the demands have been raised but the most important is to make full time employees from the job of contractors as many of them have worked for more than a decade and one must provide a reasonable wage as full-time employees receive when doing the same work.
But now let’s discuss what to protect? how do I protect? and from what shall we protect? First, we shall protect the land, the forests and the environment. , they are the owners of the land, the mountains, the rivers and the forests.
Furthermore, if they have reached a standstill, they can decide together to join Assam.
Unfortunately, the driver did not stop the car and continued as if nothing had happened.
Courageous, they don’t back down because they take failures as lessons so they don’t make mistakes again when they try again.
For more information, please call +7308132067 or +9
: The Wah Kynshi has flooded again for the third time in 2020 and this is the worst flood compared to the two floods that have happened this year and the worst flood This was witnessed in 1996 according to the elders of Kynshi.
The company, which is in charge of the construction of the road, has handed over the quarrying work to two or three unnamed Sengbhalang leaders.
Education Secretary Central Body Wellson Siangshai said that the protest was to demand justice for the people of the border areas. Gate from tomorrow will be closed.
He urged the youth who have come forward to follow their desire to reach the goal but they should walk with dignity and manners.
The taxi drivers said that the reason for the strike is because of the increase in the price of insurance, which he said that in 2014 the price of insurance was T.6756 tyngka while now the price of insurance is T.6756 tyngka. In 2016, it has reached 13,300 tyngka for the 3rd Party while for the 1st Party, it has reached T.23,0
The AH&Vety Department is working hard to protect the health of livestock in Meghalaya.
Every moment of the twenty-four hours.
Besides, no staff has been appointed to look after this work since the retirement of Bah V Khongwir.
As the elected leader, he will also ensure that the C&RD Block is brought to Umden for the benefit of many villages in the area. Their village which is tens of kilometers away is a big problem, to look after the farmers from the seeds, especially the market, the transportation of agricultural products from jhur, jhep, soh ki pai and others.
The strength and progress depends on the free will of the people.
The IMA has directed that doctors should not treat patients except those in need and 3.5 lakh doctors will take part.
The sudden fire broke out at 2 pm this morning, according to information received by this reporter. The cause of the fire is suspected to have been caused by Bah Linus Marngar.
“As I stand strong,” are the words of the poet who urges the children of the country to follow his example.
He said the reason for the hike in petrol prices is the depreciation of the Indian rupee against the US dollar.
About 270 athletes from seven states of the North East have come to take part in the tournament, including Meghalaya, which hosts the tournament, Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh. Province.
She said that the opposition is on the grounds that the state government has never provided assistance in the development of filmmakers in the state.
He said that this is an attempt to insult and mislead the public about the internal affairs of the party.
On Tuesday night, Sivasagar police seized the watch and arrested the thief, who works as Maradona's housekeeper in Dubai.
“When the UDP party had the presidential election, there was a dispute between them, in which three members fought against each other.
It was also found that there were some rooms which had begun to orpait the wall or the outer part of the wall or astor.
Speaking to reporters at the polling station, Bernard said that his main task in contesting the election is to explain to the people what the agreement between the central government is. He said that if he wins, he will dedicate his body and soul to work for the development of Lum Garo.
These vehicles were damaged severely, although it is not known whether there will be any serious damage, the report said.
Time has passed from one century to another, as women have been able to study and train abroad in various lines and skills, from doctors, pilots, the Navy, business investment, and heads of various industries have been steadily improving over the years.
Government officials who attended the fair included Chief Secretary AL Hek, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri, Principal Secretary KN Kumar, CEO MBDA RM Mishra, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal, Additional Deputy Commissioner Bah CVD Diengdoh and others.
Regarding the smoke from the company, he said that the company has started to build an ESP which will work 100% to protect against the hazards. It has also built adequate toilets to prevent pollution and contamination.
They also alleged that Prestone Tynsong Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also in charge of the PWD department, has a relationship with the contractor, otherwise he would not have dared to suspend the work until now.
As the BJP is preparing to change the names of many places, the AIMIM leader has accused Amit Shah of coming from Persian and asked whether the name of Amit Shah comes from Persian. Amit Shah has changed his name.
The villagers are from Meghalaya because their EPIC is from Meghalaya, electricity is provided by MeECL, the school is recognized by MBOSE so how can the government hand over these villages to Assam? .
The Chairman of the District Council, under his wise leadership, has declared Bah Edwin Bareh as the CEM. Cajee, who has always been a young man who has been very active in the Hill State struggle, has also been a man who has been able to work hard as we have seen many times.
“The loss of electricity bill in the state has reached T.300 crore,” he said, adding that if MeECL can collect the electricity bill properly, it will help a lot. to pay your debt.
ANTF seized 2.5 kilograms of ganja, 4.5 grams of heroin, 620 grams of heroin, 39 grams of Tramadol, 29 grams of Nitrazepam, 10 empty boxes of heroin, 450 small plastic bottles. , T.67,840, 9 mobile phones, one TVS Apache Bike ML08-J-0156 and 10 lighters.
Jowai, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Students Union (HSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the announcement by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma of the six new C&RD Block in the state. a few days ago.
Jowai, Nailur 07: The District Child Protection Unit, West Jaintia Hills District Jowai in collaboration with the students of Martin Luthar Christian University, has conducted an awareness program and street play on the issue of Juvenile. Justice (Care & Protection of Children) Act 2015, and POSCO Act 2012, Child Right, Child Abuse & Safety Tips at Skhentalang village West Jaintia Hills today 7th November
But they did their part and stood firm and fought till the end of their lives.18.
Deka and his friends were on a trip to Mawsawa Valley in Mawkma, East Khasi Hills when he drowned while swimming without a life jacket.
They went down and found that people were walking on the road coming from their hills and fields.
Bad will be surprised Bynriew Now it's too late.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 16 : The Sakwang Dorbar Shnong, Sakwang Youth Association and Sakwang Sports Club today welcomed two youngsters of the village. The 33rd East Zone Junior Athletics Championship was held at Patliputra Sports Complex, Kankerbagh, Patna, Bihar from 10th to 12th November,
The Government has cited two reasons for its doubts about the rule of law in the District Council. One of the reasons is the presence of two MDCs, Grace Mary Kharpuri and James Sylliang. The government has alleged that on the 10th, the ARPA has sent a letter to the office of the incumbent CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The Governor said that she has elected a new leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, and in a letter she expressed the signatures of her 16 MDCs. The MDCs have been three million.
" Hep said.
In previous years, in Meghalaya, according to old records, there were only a few drug users in the state.
On the other hand, Bah Hambert Thangkhiew said that the reason for the split of the Congress is because of the presence of people who do not understand.
Through this, Meghalaya has joined forces with regions that are willing to take action on climate change.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has decided to dissolve the National People's Party (NPP) in the 2018 elections.
However, the expectations of the people were in vain as their leader did not speak a single word in the Dorbar.
Chairman of the Organizing Committee, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning, said that during these days, the uniqueness of the culture and traditions of Bhoi will be showcased. the food and drink, the land tenure of the Bhoi.
However, five teams will also be selected from among the top performing teams from the groups.
However, the government has not started what the BJP will do to ensure that there will be a Common Minimum Program at this time. The MDA's Common Minimum Program will be included in the Common Minimum Programme.
The party strongly condemns the government for this.
On the part of the Hima, they decided that the Syiem and the Ministers have decided to search for other signs and symbols that Syiem Tirot has marked in the Hima. The Hima Nongkhlaw has learned about this great king, according to a statement.
Minister Duh said that today, India has the fifth largest economy in the world and is a world leader in timber technology.
He said that one of the problems is that the social agreement between the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Municipal Board is not clear and for this reason they have to look into the ownership of the land. and in this area the District Council needs to talk together because it falls under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
Shillong, June 19: The JACATAM teachers' union has decided to suspend its strike tomorrow as it is close to getting a 100 percent salary increase.
Sanbor strongly criticized these parties for bringing up these issues of religious differences because they know that they cannot win on the Congress and AITC tickets in their constituencies.
Whip- Borsympat u or a member of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people of his or her constituency to serve in the State Legislative Assembly and immediately afterwards elected any member who has the power to sympathize with him or her. fellow members of the ruling or opposition parties in connection with any act that violates the provisions of the Constitution or the laws of the Legislative Assembly or even personal acts that are immoral the council of the judges shall be in the midst of the people.
“When they opened fire, I turned back and sat quietly in the temple,” said Bittu Bajrangi.
The 'tmier' here refers to the tmier of the rivers around Sohra.
We should also remember that Mr. Damewanhi has been involved in transforming Moolamylliang into a model village which has attracted tourists during Christmas and New Year.
The 49 constituencies include three in Jharkhand, three in Odisha, four in Uttar Pradesh, three in Bihar, three in Maharashtra, nine in West Bengal, one in Ladakh and one in Jammu and Kashmir.
Rida smiled and said, “Khublei shibun Babu...” She left immediately. The friend who was waiting on the balcony thought many things that her friend was slow.
Or, is it the permission that encourages these groups to commit and continue to commit such acts against other villagers just because they are Christians or members of other minority groups? Paid?"He said that the Forum stands and stands with the Christians and others in the country who are facing and experiencing these violence, and the Forum prays for peace and you can't be a shipara.
It is learned that after the appointment of Bah Narleng under the leadership of the former Rangbah Shnong on 24th July 2013, they went to the house of Kong Ratna to ask for the dulir without any gift. It was at this time that the Syiem's ​​office alleged that Ratna also had links with these people in order to turn against the Dorbar and the Syiem.
I don't have any signs to show outside,” said the son.
We are ready to defeat the Congress and AAP in the state in the upcoming elections,” he added.
On the other hand, the union has requested the Deputy Commissioner to take action on this issue so that the NHAI can expedite the repair of the road.
It is mixed with 3 parts of tuttia, 3 parts of shun and 50 parts of water.
India has 40 World Heritage Sites, of which 32 are cultural, 7 are environmental and one is in the mixed category. which shows the breadth of India's decline.
The meeting was chaired by EAC BJ Kharshandi.
However, even for those people who are smart, hardworking, who have the spirit and willingness to work and to look for opportunities, who are able to get the opportunity to do any kind of work. or earn any kind of commercial activity.
Umni Day: In the morning the Duhulia play the religious songs: In the morning the children of thousands went to clean the road from Duwan Iingsad to Lum Pomblang Iewduh.
The legends of the ancient Sutnga kings who ruled Jaintia Hills tell us that they were descended from the family of Li-Dohka, a woman who converted from Jaintia Hills. This story has spread throughout the villages and areas of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, at the time of the sale of Linda Nongkrem, she did not receive any complaint but when she received the ration, she said that she was the same mother who did not sell the ration in
You will be surprised to know that foods such as Khi, jhur le jyrngam, umphniang snepkor, soh ehsnep and shyieng seed all fall into the category of these nutritious foods.
Speaking at the meeting, Himanta Biswa Sarma praised the candidate Kong Arena by saying that it is history in Shella Constituency to see the number of people who support the BJP. This is the result of the hard work and love of the people for Kong Arena Hynniewta.
“Why is feeding the players not enough? Why are the players given only foods like samosas, chips, biscuits and others which do not build strength and good food, which can be accepted by the players? The Government has allocated more than Rs 23 crore for the tournament, but the relevant department and the authorities have not been able to provide adequate food to the players, why is this happening? Who will be responsible for the management of the game? Who will be responsible for food and drink for the athletes and participants? Who are the people responsible for poor management? Has the Government taken appropriate measures to ensure the safety of the participants and athletes and has any attention been paid to the food provided to them? Who are the officials, government servants, contractors responsible for the administration of the game? Who has been appointed by the Government to look after the food and drink of the athletes and participants?” asked HITO. “We demand an inquiry into the relevant department, the authorities and the The petition signed by President Bah Donbok Dkhar and General Secretary Bah Wanbun N Dkhar.
The four persons who were honored by the District Police include two Chorkidars, Jagat Biswa and Dil Bahadur Budhatoki and two others, Oswin R Marak and Kenneth M. Shovel.
According to the complaint, Phawa has threatened his father to drop the complaint against him.
It is a nar bridge which is called the doi doi bridge, and it is said that in the past it has destroyed only the footpaths but now it is almost broken.
Then other small churches grew throughout the Khasi Hills until it was no longer known how to appreciate that religious work which honored the nation and encouraged other Christians.
In May 2021, about 44% of schools were found to be in breach of this law.
On the issues raised by the HNLC, the Congress leader said that there are two parts, that is, if they come to surrender, they have other rules to follow, and if they come to negotiate according to the understanding. The Constitution has one path, and the Government should not make excuses but should proceed to ensure that peace talks can be achieved.
We really need heroes in our time who can speak for the nation as a whole.
It is also alleged that these robbers knieh and shot the women believers who came to offer water to the god at this place in which many people were injured.
Nongpoh, Naitung 23: The Ri Bhoi People's Council (RBPC) has been established in Ri Bhoi District to provide services for the welfare and development of the people. The people of Ri Bhoi District, besides many desires to serve for the development of Ri Bhoi District, have also decided to fight against or eradicate the drug trafficking which has threatened the development of the district. the future of the youth of this District.
The state government has announced that it has taken measures to suspend the Indigenous Tribal Leaders Forum (ITLF) and its members who have warned the Manipur government to form a government. separate to the Kuki-Zo ethnic groups which these ethnic groups should govern themselves, if it cannot provide its own state within two weeks.
He also spoke words that were not useful.
“We have to confess every month and sometimes it makes me lie because I don't remember what I did wrong,” he said.
It is also learned that the state government has decided to upgrade Kumarghat, Unakoti district to one of the areas with the highest production of agarbatti.
He said that the party recently arrested seven persons while they were trying to steal money from other places. The people before being released should not be allowed to do such activities in this area.
Policy consensus should be reached with respect for national sovereignty.
Of course, it will inevitably face obstacles if it tries to eliminate this because it will affect the plan of no one but it should know and understand that the people are behind it to support.
The announcement came after the Chairperson of MSCW, Phidalia Toi, sought an explanation or reply from the ECI on the allegation that she violated the Model Code of Conduct by taking part in the rally on Tuesday. NPP candidate Wailadmiki Shylla has filed his nomination papers in Jowai.
Despite the court issuing many orders, the illegal coal mining has continued since 2016 despite the ban by the NGT and the Supreme Court. too.
HANM Mairang has convened a meeting today in the presence of HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani and Arphul Kharbani President North Khasi Hills. West, Bobby Basaiawmoit, to talk about the conversion of the Nepalis into the Khasi.
The estimated cost of the tournament is T.18 lakh, which will include prizes for the winners and other expenses, which the organization said it has not received any assistance. The T.18 lakh is the funds of the party.
To participate in the celebration of World Environment Day, the Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij, Jowai together with the Social Forestry, West Jaintia Hills have organized a planting ceremony at Lahong, part of the Myntdu River.
Neighbors found the body of Rosemery L Lyngkhoi lying lyngktar in the bedroom, while Bose Kharbani was found lying on the ground. Seven months old, she was found alive with her mother.
“There has been an attempt and suggestion from the people that the government should promulgate an ordinance to empower the village authorities,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has selected 15 athletes to compete in the East Zone Championship in Ranchi on Tuesday. it did not allocate money.
Israel is now in the midst of a fierce war because of the rebels Hamas and Heshbollah, which are invaded by countries that hate Israel.
“At this meeting, we have received many ideas through the discussions through the parents, longkmie and youth who have given many strong ideas with the goal of winning the MLA (Bah HM Shangpliang) in in 2023,” said Mr. Rudy.
If something happens to our country and nation, there is no need to blame anyone else.
He also urged the speakers to take advantage of the various schemes that the Government has proposed for them.
After the Indian government lifted Article 370 from Jammu and Kashmir, there has been a demand for land, which is no longer available across India.
“To blame only the present government is unfounded because such bills of contractors are passed from one government to another and the government has to pay what the contractors have done. implement" he said.
Dhoni has also led India to the top of the ICC rankings in Test matches for the first time.
“It is necessary for the youth to start their own businesses because without the youth the state cannot grow,” he said. “The government has awarded one entrepreneur every month. with 1 lakh tyngka and next year, the prize will be awarded to the players and musicians.
Thubru said the village has no objection to the purchase or sale of land between Ankur and Romario Sungoh, but insisted that they should not invade or own the land of the village.
This was stated by HYC West Khasi Hills President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh in the presence of Wanteibok Lyngdoh General Secretary.
Anna's anti-corruption struggle in the past years has spread throughout India.
Furthermore, Syiem Mylliem said that he has not approved the KHADC's decision to allocate land to foreign states.
Mawkyrwat: The Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public notice and order that all government offices, revenue and magisterial courts and educational institutions in the district will be closed. on the 30th of November, 2022 (Tuesday) which is the day of the commemoration of “U Sngap Sing Syiem Day”.
Let’s compare the space activities of different countries through launching spacecraft into orbit in 2022.
However, after states like Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland have their own universities, NEHU looks only at our state and therefore should try to help for the better. The rights of the citizens of Meghalaya now under the Act 1973, by allowing them to get employment at this university.
In place of Kumar, the ECI has ordered the appointment of Ravi Gupta, IPS, as the Chief Superintendent of Police or DGP of Telangana from today.
He said that in the last 70 days alone, 80 persons have been arrested and 3 kg of heroin, 140 kg of ganja, 60,000 pills, 22,000 bottles of cough syrups and T. lakh of money.
In addition, at noon, a storehouse of the Pnars was attacked by the Karbi.
It is understood that Hasina will also send the letters to the chief ministers of Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura, which border Bangladesh.
Many are still dying for the NPP despite the strong opposition to the NPP.
At least 1,582 people have been killed in the 12 days of Russia's invasion of the city.
He said that another special scheme that Minister Narendra Modi has done well for the residents is the Jaal Jivan Mission (JJM) to deliver drinking water to every household. .
Because of this sudden attack, riots have spread across the country.
Regarding this incident, Kong Daroilang Lapasam has lodged a complaint at Raliang Police Station against these people involved in this incident by damaging the rice which was about to be harvested. after a few weeks.
Nangaibormi Sutnga has been elected as the full Waheh Shnong of Umdeiñlien Village, Iooksi B, West Jaintia Hills District.
At the meeting, it was decided to urge the government to send its approval to the Governor as soon as possible so that these Bills can become law.
Meanwhile, the female contractor from Riatmawniuh to Balat has not yet seen any signs of laying mawria or starting work even though the money has been approved since 2013 after a personal inspection by the Minister of PWD. Bah Please Dhar.
He said that such threats have been made by the HNLC in the past and the police are ready to ensure that such acts will not be allowed.
Also, in order to protect the road at Lakaseiñ, Samasi, Umkyrpong, Kseh, it was received that there are heavy vehicles carrying overloading passing through this road and this overloading has caused According to the law, heavy vehicles carrying goods weighing more than 9 tonnes are prohibited.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah DP Wahlang urged the Sports Club to have unity and hard work to bring glory to the Sports Club and glory to the community. Sohkha Shnong Everlasting Sports Club.
The Principal and the teacher did not release the child because they did not recognize the two foreigners.
The names of the injured could not be released and five persons were taken to Barato PHC for treatment.
The Chief Ministers Political Level Talk has been held at the Chief Ministers' Political Level Talk and there is hope that the area will return from Karbi-Anglong. Assam to Jaintia Hills District Meghalaya, the Assam Government has given peacefully to the State of Meghalaya without any bloodshed. the Letter.
“Therefore, the order on the export of coal to Bangladesh has been suspended and this has caused confusion in the trade, loss of jobs and affected the income of the farmers. Many of these cases have led to the death of markets especially in the rural areas,” said the statement.
He said that the implementation of this policy will start one by one as there are still many things that need to be done.
CoMSO Vice Chairman and HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that this flag raising ceremony is the beginning of the protest and they will continue the protest until the ILP demand is achieved in the state.
“I have completed the entire PMGSY road scheme because at that time the central government could not provide funds.
“The investigation into the case is ongoing and we cannot name the accused and there is a strong suspicion that there is a trafficking of girls even to Assam.
Commenting on the BJP's announcement of Modi as the MRD candidate, Singh said that if Narendra Modi comes to power he will destroy India. “If he comes to power, he will destroy India,” said Singh, expressing his confidence that after the MP elections, the UPA under the leadership of the Congress will come back to power.
Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Secretary, expressed her appreciation for the importance of conducting such workshops by saying, “When we look at the statistics in the country, we see that India contributes Only 0.6% of the world's flower market is the smallest and India and Meghalaya have the potential to contribute to the development of flower exports not only within the region, but also within the country. but even to overseas markets.
The union also said that according to its previous demand, the villagers and Raid owners should be allowed to set up shops at least 90% and that foreigners should not be allowed to set up shops in the complex. the statement said.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : For the first time in the history of football in the state, Meghalaya has reached the semifinals of the 76th National Football Championship. 2022-23.
These understandings do not convince mankind and nature is getting worse and worse.
He left the scene at 10 pm accompanied by his wife in his own vehicle, but was taken in front of him by a police vehicle and from there he went straight to the court. to be tried before the judges of this court.
“It is good that he came, I am very pleased with his coming, to glorify Behdeinkhlam.
KHADC MDC Bindo M. Lanong has written a letter to the Director General (DG) of the Border Security Force (BSF) regarding the shooting death of Roning Nongkynrih. on the night of January 5th.
The meeting was conducted by Bah M.Hynniewta President Mawlai Block.
These 9 years have been dedicated to bringing about inclusive and sustainable development in which the Government has fulfilled its promise to bring equal opportunities for all citizens and The Government believes in setting tough targets and achieving them ahead of schedule.
“We strongly oppose this decision of the Government to allow the opening of casinos in the State.
She also demanded that the government should cancel the meeting scheduled to be held on the 25th of this month.
The report on the investigation will have to be completed within 15 days from the date of issuance of the order and will be submitted to District Magistrate Swapnil Tembe.
Shillong: The President of KSU Ranikor, who is one of those involved in the shooting death of an unidentified person, on July 3, 2019, is being investigated by the State Police.
In the incident on June 26, about 10 policemen of the District Reserve Guard of the police department and a driver were killed after Naxal militants blew up a bomb. They were traveling in Dantewada district.
According to the investigation, leaders Metbah Lyngdoh and Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit of the VPP, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP, Bah Vincent H Pala from the Congress party, perhaps they are qualified and skilled to lead as the prime minister, if there is an opportunity.
In addition, there are bulldozers, various machines and hundreds of employees.
“Many Union Ministers visit the North East and submit reports to the Central Government from time to time.
Shillong: There have been 387 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, of which 323 have recovered and 10 have died.
On the other hand, the FKJGP SWKHD will hold a special meeting with the Presidents and Secretaries of the Circles on SWKHD, therefore, requests these office bearers to arrive at Mawkyrwat Church of God UP School at 11 am, said the statement.
In this regard, we cannot deny that dozens/hundreds of members of our nation have lost their lives in the hands of the government and also in the hands of the violent. of the foreigner.
They also said that during these two days they have spent money to transport stone in Mahindra pickups, but due to the lack of stone quarries along the road they have suffered a lot.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The BJP Youth Wing of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) Meghalaya has urged the Governor of Meghalaya to demand action to resolve the issue of Aadhaar issuance by the government to the youth. read to receive the scholarship for the year 2016-1
Mukul Sangma, 53, is the son of (L) Benoy Bhushan Marak and lives in Chengkompara, Ampati.
He also mentioned some of the development works especially the National Highway which the people of West Khasi Hills are witnessing and the works are still progressing.
Mawkyrwat Police Station on Tuesday morning raided a place known as Riat Thawlong near Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills after receiving a tip that a body had been found. pyut in a ridge about 20 feet from the road.
On this occasion, the farmers together with the President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), Bah Commander Shangpliang, BDO of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I. Lawryniang, MCS. The inspection of the farmland in the Shiliang-um area of ​​Jashiar Village, South West Khasi Hills District has shown with their own eyes that the damage to the crops has been severe and this has destroyed I am very grateful to the farmers and especially for their hard work throughout the year.
These are one God over all, and these three in One created the heavens and the earth and all things, and created man in their own image.
Regarding the HNLC's demand for amnesty of charges against its members, the Minister said that the state government and the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India will look into and discuss the matter. section.
Up to 10 rots have arrived at the Aitnar Pond and among them, they have brought the message of how to fight against the Corona Virus.
The meeting was inaugurated by the Director of Social Welfare, CD Lyngwa in the presence of MA Kharbhih, Member Secretary, MSCPCR, Fr Genesius Wanniang, Executive Director, BIDS and others.
An American named Doctor Short who ran a hostel in Gauhati; He told Darwin that if he wanted to cross the Bramaputra River from Pandu to Amingaon, he would give him a buskit of 50 tyngka.
The sound of the ksing and tangmuri has started as the time of the Behdeiñkhlam festival has come again in Jwai village where the children of the ñiamtre who still hold and follow the religion that was passed down by the ancients. (Niamtre) have started to do a lot of work in preparing their own homes, villages and branches so that the days of the Behdeiñkhlam festival will be smooth and fruitful. I am in the midst of peace.
The match between the two teams for the title was very exciting in the presence of the people of the area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday issued an order that not only men but also women who have reached the age of 18 years should have the right to sit in the Dorbar. just sit in the meeting.
However, at that time, he also created a Sub-Division including Mawthengkut and Pynursla in the Khasi Hills and this surprised those who spoke against him because others could not even do like him. .
Their duty is to remain silent and let the law enforcement agencies do what they feel is right.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie and Bah Teibor Pathaw expressed their gratitude that the school has remembered to invite them to attend the opening ceremony.
Replying to the Congress' victory in the election, Mukul said that money is the source of all demons, which has caused a stir in GHADC after they received money from the GHADC. Special Assistance from the Central Government T.100.71 crore.
There is no development in core/basic infrastructure, and there is no inability to curb the spread of drugs (which is beyond the control of other authorities who have the intention of bad to the Jaidbynriew) and others which we don't know whether they are progression or regression...Then the TRH inside what? State” Meghalaya.
Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem said, “I hope that this petition or memorandum submitted by the Dorbar of Mylliem Hima Hima will be resolved. Sngi to the Minister of Agriculture regarding the need to install a cold storage above the building of the market inside the market. writing.
The fact is that this area is the home of the people of Lapangap and they have lived by farming in this area,” said Bah Sohliya in a telephone interview.
Speaking after the CEC election 2023-2026, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar congratulated all the members who took part in the election to ensure that the election of new members was fair. .
As it was said that it is the people who have to take part in this work, we all take advantage with a wrong mind just because we are the people and we go away from the words of this great man.
To say that we will see again when we come to power, we cannot accept such thefts or false promises2
Priyanka, while in India, a few days ago, spoke to Kapil Sharma, on his programme, to explain about the upcoming film.
The meeting, chaired by party leader Mallikarjun Kharge, was attended by Rahul Gandhi, KC Venugopal, former Chief Minister Kamal Nath, among others.
They said that their MDC has a desire to develop and work for the benefit of the villagers.
The SP said that during the investigation, the relatives of the deceased said that the deceased had just undergone spinal surgery in the past two months and was lying in bed.
He said that as a leader he has seen the problems of the youth in terms of the ground and they are finding it difficult to get a ground to play in these days.
It was before the end of the first half that Spain scored the first goal through a penalty shot by Mariona Caldentey after one of the Netherlands players touched the ball into the box.
“I am afraid that there are groups of people who do not want this border settlement process to reach its goal or to be successful,” Prestone told reporters on the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU). Meghalaya and Assam have agreed to resolve the border issue in 6 or 12 areas between the border disputes.
Perhaps this is the best time for us as voters to try to turn back to our way of thinking about how we elected the previous governments which failed to lead or put Meghalaya in that the path of economic growth is good compared to other states of the country.
Apbhalang Marboh scored the third goal for Diengpasoh (24 min).
Owaisi said the Muslim population has declined by 2 percent, according to the National Family Health.
Shillong: The production of synsar in Meghalaya in the past 10 years has been very high and synsar has been exported across India.
In Garo Hills, the Sengbhalang has decided to call a 40 hour road blockade from 8 pm to 5 pm on November 10 and
There are political parties, which have brought about this intimidation of the minorities.
Duma is the product used by about 56% of men and almost 25% of women in the state.
According to the ruling party in Delhi, the newspapers have not written well.
In the second leg, Pateiñki Sabah beat Mupliang 2-1, with Lakhon Dhar scoring in the 53rd minute and one goal in the 58th minute. to you.
On Tuesday, a police chief raided the illegal slaughter of cows in Northern Samar and elsewhere. Lieutenant Christian Bolok, had gone to grab the cows, but one of the cows, had stabbed the police chief with a blade and the blade had fallen from his hand. and the blood ran down until he died.
This is after eight years that the country has received another leader from another political party.
The team will continue its home match against Aizawl FC on Friday, November 10 at 2 pm.
This was announced by Erwin K Sutnga, Member of the Union and Lawyer, after a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to discuss the resumption of the Clan Administration Bill. KHADC is not here.
In this regard, the truck drivers have requested the District Administration to take action against the illegal tax collection point. there will be many tax collection points because once one is allowed it is difficult to suppress it later.
This has caused problems to MeCEL until it has to cut off power for 10-11 hours a day.
William Bryan, who is in charge of security in the country, has given these suggestions to the President and even to the newspapers, on his findings, saying that the sun's rays in the human body and even the production of sneezing, can kill the coronavirus, especially as the rainy season approaches.
In a statement dated 28th July 2019, Adani Ports and Logistics has asked those working at Mundra Port to check and report if there is any movement of strangers, as there are no troops. of Pakistan, in parts of Harami Nala.
The Dorbar Shnong Loomkyrwiang will hold a fete market on the 10th and 11th of March and the General Secretary requested everyone to buy tickets and come to the fete market so that the objectives of the village will be successful.
Police have taken the suspect to court for further investigation.
However, preventing adultery cannot be forbidden or abolished.
Aditya Singhania bowled well without scoring runs in four out of nine overs.
On the other hand, the EE Shangpung Division promised to take action and inspect the road again.
The Officer incharge of the department promised to take action to send the JCB to clean up these niut on Monday.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that those who attended the Walk-in-Interview for the Post DEO, which was held on the 11th of this month at the DC Nongpoh Office, They should undergo Home Quarantine for 14 days.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid as the leader of the area said that this market will benefit the entire area especially the farmers in that they will be able to market their produce.
He said that the government is not inclusive when it starts schemes or projects to help the people.
On the other hand, to find out the truth on the allegation that the Karbi are Pnars who caused trouble in Myn-i village in Samymthoo and who shot the Karbi and burnt the trep lyngkha but this is just an allegation. From the Karbi, the union immediately went to these places yesterday to investigate but the reason for their complaint was the installation of a TAX collection point at Khanduli.
In January 2011, Nandan Nilekani, Chairman of the TAG-UP Committee, explained that the Aadhaar registration system has many shortcomings and can lead to errors.
“What is frightening is that the NDA led by the BJP, just to win the elections, has tried to create religious differences, ethnic differences, language differences,” he said.
Although no one was injured in the incident, no one was injured in the incident, but according to the owner of the tire factory, the damage inside the tire factory was his property has reached more than Rs.2 lakh.
The same students who scored 20 out of 20 percent in the Online Test scored only 02 or 03 marks even if they were asked the same questions.
Police have taken over the investigation into the man and the new husband and after getting the facts, they will bring him under the rules in accordance with the intention to marry again. the fourth.
We cannot rely solely on the rain to save us from the electricity shortage.
After no one could score, Mawlai SC went to extra time to decide who would win the title. Mawlai SC scored two goals in the first half. The first goal was scored by Ibashisha Khongwet in the 65th minute and the second goal was scored by Bahunlang Synrem in the 65+1 minutes. Ribahunshisha Kharshiing's goal in the 66th minute for Laitkor didn't fail to encourage them, as there were still a few minutes left.
For Garo Hills, the party leaders will visit to assess the situation.
Every Englishman will receive his first injection before November 2021 and in June, everyone will receive a second injection and those who are more skeptical. , they can also go for the third injection in the spring.
(Matt. 19:26).
“This was done as a sign to show to the people that the two governments have no bias and the CRPF has been brought in without any bias to avoid any clashes,” he said. Conrad Sangma.
However, the complainant, who has been affected by the poor condition of the road, noted that the repairs are not timely or accurate.
The United Nations on Thursday warned that it will not be able to send food to more than 6,00,000 refugees in Chad in the coming months, while the UN has not yet received donations. 'Urgent International Fund'.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, will sit on an indefinite hunger strike in front of the Secretariat from the 23rd of this month.
He alleged that the previous government had already transferred those villages which were not on the list to Assam.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District today started the collection of Adhaar cards from voters to link them with their voter lists and also to prevent the registration of names of people to others. Your constituency is not your name.
Youth is the most important time in the life of every person because it is the time to prepare yourself well, whether in education, job search, employment and earning money. to earn money, to help the family members, and to contribute with knowledge, knowledge and even physical strength to the society, the country and the nation.
Also present on the occasion were the elders, youth from all over the Ranikor Constituency including Khasi and Garo.
It is expected that this food shortage could threaten Madhya Pradesh for the years to come especially after the damage to crops.
As soon as he met him, he shook hands with the sick and asked about their food and drink, whether they had received food and drink, how many months they had slept there, whether they had recovered, whether the medicines were enough. ne-em , from their village and urged them to take medicine until they are healed.
Shillong, January :U Sr.
Both the teams tried to play strongly from the start, but Sreenidi scored the first goal through Gabriel in the 7th minute.
We can compete with other countries of the world, but we are still lagging behind,” he said.
They shynrain the evil deeds of the world.
I believe that all of us, who have been trained through Aspire Meghalaya, have benefited greatly.
There is a saying that if a devil does good, he must be honored.
The UKPO was launched at a meeting of the Khasi community in Karbi Anglong District on the 18th of this month under the leadership of Bah Pius Sten who conducted the meeting held at Umlaper Block-II. .The purpose of this group is to look into the problems faced by the Khasi in the future and to ensure peace and harmony with other non-Khasi ethnic groups in the area. The Khasi have not been able to elect members to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council.
The APSTA Mairang Unit, which hosted this celebration, invites everyone to take part and also to be punctual.
However, due to the need to buy the love of the people and to win, such a feeling should not exist and has been ignored.
There are 17 recoveries today, of which 16 are from East Khasi Hills and one from East Jaintia Hills.
The visit to Jowai began with a speech by the City Coordinator, DAY-NULM, Jowai, Kong Emica S.Rymbai who welcomed the officers of AMRUT, DAY-NULM, PHE and SHGs. part of this program.
twitter.com/o43XaFKLQ2 TRAU won the first half, but Niaw Wasa had a golden opportunity to score from the penalty spot of Civility within 10 minutes.
Nongpoh: Due to the deterioration of the road in Sajer village, which is also in the middle of Nongpoh town, the youths of Sajer village, yesterday, have gathered for the repair of some of the roads. The roads in the village have been neglected without anyone's attention in the past years.
" Linda concluded.
“The Congress had raised the same issue in the State Legislative Assembly elections last year.
Those who have not received any information please take this as an information, said the Secretary of the party, Bah Ignatius Khardewsaw.
Regarding the flooding, they said that the reason for the increasing water supply is due to the lack of drainage systems, as the PWD road does not have adequate drainage systems.
Last year, Dutta took 18 wickets and Riticia Nongbet 10 wickets.
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has said that attacks on health workers are unacceptable in society and those who risk their lives should be punished severely. on Friday a day after his government adopted a decision to introduce legislation as part of protecting healthcare workers.
According to the policy, 40 per cent has been allocated to the Khasi and 40 per cent to the Garo.
TMC MLA Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday demanded an inquiry into the alleged assault by HYC members on a police officer of Pynursla Police Station on the night of the 24th of this month.
Luke 19:44.
Acts 7:47-5
Shillong, July 10: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills through the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) has provided opportunities through training to help the youth who have learned skills. There are no employees from the North East in various fields related to Hospitality and Tourism through training at the Ashok Institute of Hospitality and Tourism Management.
The Addl Deputy Commissioner of Tuberkmaishnong, Bah G.Warjri, who is also the Project Director of DRDA, said that the construction of this bridge will benefit the people of Tuberkmaishnong especially the people of Tuberkmaishnong. The farmers have now received this bridge to carry their farm equipment, machinery and livestock from one side to the other.
The Juvenile Justice and Protection of Children Act 2015 deals specifically with children who have to go through the law and children who need education, care and protection.
At that time, I told you that there are some lands that have been taken by Assam but he did not say anything about the disputes.
Car Passes for farmers who own farmland far from their villages and cannot reach on foot can be applied for from the offices of the Block Development Officers of the concerned villages.
In many places in Assam, they have been living for only 5 or 6 years.
Wellson Siangshai, member of the JSM, said that even the case of a child who was murdered and suspectedly raped in the same district in the past three months, the police have not yet arrested. whoever.
To confirm the development works that the state government has delivered in Jirang Constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that as of now, Jirang has received many major development schemes which have benefited the people. The Baridua-Umsen road, the Umdu-Umrit road, the Mairang-Patharkhmah-Rani road, two Eklavya Model Residential Schools, the Model Degree College in Patharkhmah and others.
“The political parties have put forward various issues, but it would be better to introduce the Khasi Regiment to get jobs for the youth,” he added.
Dorothy Roy Tariang has trained in Human Resource Management.
The release is to share this information so that other Dorbar Shnongs can also hold meetings using such online apps to avoid the gathering of too many people in the same place to prevent from the spread of Covid
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 1,216 with 31 new cases on Saturday night.
The KSU believes that this action of MUDA is against the people and against the poor, who have trusted and handed over to this government to rule in the state for four years. not finished.
He said that the state is now ready to restore the shalyntem in the Khadar rule as led by the national parties 50 years ago.
This was announced by the leaders of the Narpuh Border Area Joint Action Committee (NBA-JAC) after a meeting with the Prime Minister at his office today.
She also demanded that the state government should pay T.21 lakh and said that they should conduct another post mortem on her son and should be done by central government doctors.
If you lose your culture, you lose your nation.
Shillong, November 19: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has compared the struggle of the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma to dissolve the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (PDF). , is like a match between the two biggest teams in Spain's La Liga League, Barcelona and Real Madrid.
Shillong: The Crime Branch of the Meghalaya Police has taken up investigation into the incident in Khliehriat under Case No.09(03)2
In the fourth match, Ummulong Presbyterian Higher School beat Achievers Secondary School 5-0 and in the last match, Nartiang Presbyterian Higher School beat Laishnong Secondary School. school scored 3 to 0 through the tie breaker.
The NH 40 starts from Jorabat to Tamabil (Dawki) and is 162.661 km long.
Agnes said they will demand that the police who arrested her should be punished for arresting Paliar without female police officers. reached the point where she no longer saw her children.
Shillong, March 26: The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, V Narayanasamy, on Tuesday directed the state government led by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma not to appoint the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan. “We request the Chief Minister and Government Ministers to talk to the Governor to expedite the adoption of the VABs. to empower the Rangbah Shnongs,” Narayanasamy told reporters in Shillong on Monday.
Phrangki Buam won the Best Forward award, Neithoville Chalieu won the Best Goalkeeper award, Kenstar Kharshong won the Best Defender award and Sangti Janai Shianglong won the Player of the Defender award. Tournament, Emerging Player and Man of the Match went to Laiwang Bohham.
India has already experienced Mahmood Tughlaq's plan to move Delhi to Devagiri which has failed.
“In the past few months, the party has already met face to face with Bah Kyrmen Shylla and he said that at present he cannot say “On the other hand, the JNC leader said that when he tried to investigate the railway project, he understood that there is a danger that the It is too soon to judge because it will not reach the limit and it will not be too late.
Once we have received the names for the post of Chairperson, we will submit them to the Cabinet for a decision,” he said.
In the 1st Division, New Nongstoiñ FC beat Mawiongpyndengrei 2-1 goals in the same match.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah Wanshai Kharshandi, said that the Association and the FSSAI have arranged for the 19th of this month to hold the registration day. to obtain a license from this department.
We must understand that drug users need the care and assistance of experienced people while the money should be waiting for the dealers.
The Pseudococcus citri bug is another insect that causes serious damage to sohniamtra in Khasi-Jaintia.
There were many other performances such as Flash mob, musicians, singers from Laban and others.
However, it was found that the VAB was passed in the KHADC on 30th July, 2015 at the time of the Union of Rangbah Shnong at Polo Ground. The KHADC has passed the VAB on 30th July, while Pynshngaiñ has met Narayanasamy on 25th July, 2015 and said that his visit was because the government has passed the VAB. Regarding these replies, the MDC from Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the CEM and EM have mismanaged the funds of the District Council without a clear basis. “How can it be that the VAB was passed on 30th July, 2015 while the CEM and EM went to Delhi to tell the Congress leader that the VAB is in place? “They have requested him to talk to the Governor,” said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Nongpoh: A shop in Nongsangu village in Ri Bhoi district has suddenly caught fire and all the belongings inside the shop have burnt down.
The Sub Inspector, Nurul Islam, raped these women at Ampati Police Station in
He said that teachers are dedicated people to their job but no matter how hard they work, they still have to face many challenges.
“Therefore, in this meeting with the CEM, we request him to explain the views or principles of the KHADC which accepts the same Jait for two households, and we request him. “I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it,” said Bah Shabong. He said that a Dkhar named AL Joseph has killed the Kharsabet clan on 6/01/2 a tribe that has only two families.
The shortcomings are mainly on the part of the various VECs.
The KSU has urged the government to complete the construction of the entry and exit point at Saphai village and to choose Psiar or Mowluber village as the site for the construction of another one. The land because of the light infiltration of foreigners has increased.
The x-ray revealed that she had a head injury and a broken leg on the right side.
He said that as India is founded on the foundation of unity despite disorder and as a state is not only one ethnic group but the ability to unite is because all are united by the mutual love and respect.
Jowai, Lber 07: The Budget Session of the Jowai District Council (JHADC) held today, 7th October, 2024 was held in a smooth manner. Dr. Sankey Shangpung and the meeting will conclude tomorrow 8th October
The WJDSA also takes this opportunity to invite all the members of the WJDSA, old and present, clubs and the public to attend this day so that the objectives of the union will be successful and the closing of the jubilee will be successful. long which is clean.
Around the world especially in India these days we have seen a steady increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 which has now reached more than 3 lakh per day.
He said that the notification has been submitted and the NOC has been applied for by the District Council.
Jesus was crucified on a cross that was placed on the roadside so that people who passed by could see it.
When Rupang visited the Umkaliar River, the source of the Umkhrah River, it was found that the river has been filled with garbage which was once cleaned by the KHADC officials.
The Kur Kurkalang is surprised how the Forest Department, the Government of Meghalaya and the DC office have given approval and how the PWD is proceeding to build the road without clarifying the land issue. shyiap of Kur.
The DC has issued announcements in recent months that some officers will visit the marketplaces to inspect and the report will be submitted to her by 30th July.
“If the report from the doctors shows that there are illegal signs, we will have to take the necessary action under the POCSO Act,” said the police chief in charge of such cases.
At present, the Khasi language is one of the 38 languages ​​on the list to be recognized in the Constitution of India.
He is the youngest DJ in Bangalore and is now invited around the country to entertain the crowd for a high fee.
Therefore, through receiving this award, she will also be a good example and encouragement for the future workers in this field to serve their fellow human beings especially those working in health centres. They should work hard, do their job honestly, work with a spirit of dedication, work with a spirit of joy, use their time wisely and especially understand that when they service to others is also part of service to God.
The women's team came second with 8 medals including 5 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze.
The court said the Rangbah Shnongs should be prosecuted under the Right to Information Act as they are the instruments of governance in the villages, besides monitoring and implementing government schemes.
Meanwhile, Laban-Mawprem MDC Mitchel Wankhar said that the discussion ahead in the division of constituencies is between Mawlai the largest and Laban the smallest.
Police have lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to find out who else is involved.
In connection with the killing of fish in the Myntdu River, by shooting dynamite bombs, bread jar, tong sasi, beh kyngum, Ai dawai bih and other methods of killing fish in The Myntdu River has been banned for at least 29 years, except by khwai.
Bah Passih said that these 12 tire trucks are used only by companies to transport their dewbilat abroad.
To understand the world and the views of the voters, we can read from those comments.
Shillong, March 31: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of various organizations at NEHU including the National Union of Teachers (NEHUTA), Students Union, NEHUSU and Staff Union, NEHUNSA, today, protested by turning to the meeting room of the Academic Council, against the participation of one member of the Council.
Shillong: Many MLAs of East Khasi Hills District have spent their MLA Scheme to build houses for the poor and to buy tins for the households.
According to the advertisement, NEIGRIHMS has 231 posts of Nursing Officer.
On Tuesday, 239 scientists from 32 countries published an article in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases, confirming that the viruses that fly in the air and come out from the patient, they enter people to spread the corona virus.
The RBYF regularly holds awards ceremonies for those who have come forward and the purpose of the organization is to encourage and motivate the youth to work harder in their studies.
Fortunately, these shopkeepers don't use rnga, but if they use gas, they don't know what will happen to the people.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the FPWD, Bah Ferdinand L.Marshyllong, said that since the 4th of this month, the FPWD has sent a letter to the Prime Minister for a meeting with him. However, the office of the Prime Minister has not yet commented on the matter.
Regarding the allegations against Bah HM Shangpliang, Bah Pynshngain said, “Just because Bah Pynshngain has a fight with the Prime Minister, we should not take stingy at all to misuse our power. My relationship with the prime minister is going on but the officers should not take advantage, they should work according to the rank assigned to them,” said Pynshngain.
“This is why they say beware of the bsein, that when it is strong, it will turn around,” he said. He said that if Bah PN Syiem still wants to stay, he will turn around. In the Congress party, he must think and change, or the people of his constituency, will warn, in the upcoming elections in
MacArthur has now filed a lawsuit against the decision of the city authorities.
He said that the office bearers of Jirang Mondal have made it clear that if the ticketing in Jirang Constituency is wrong, as leaders and office bearers they will think again and take other measures.
In 2010, the government had purchased this machine but it remained idle due to lack of funds to recruit staff.
When he met with some of the sohsaw farmers in Ri Bhoi, he said that the price of sohsaw has increased too much and he said that he will break it or give it to the pigs.
Any violators will be dealt with according to the law.
In a statement, the Secretary, Public Relations of the FSS, Bah RL Sohlya, said that the Society has been conducting the audition for more than two months and those who have been selected to compete have been awarded. training in speaking, walking and building self-confidence.
Inter Kashi are in eighth position with four wins, three draws, four defeats and 15 points from all their previous matches.
To bring about change, the voice of the people must be heard.
Corchorus app, also known as jute, is another plant grown in Assam for the fiber it produces.
According to the residents of Killing, the mobile network in the area has not been working properly for more than two months. who are in the village, especially when they need to recruit people for urgent work.
Bannon said the outbreak was caused by an emission from a pharmaceutical factory or the Institute of Virology in Wuhan and that it was an incident with the intention of killing people; China, meanwhile, has denied the allegations by Western countries, saying that the disease originated from the market and recently, the Chinese government, through the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, has clarified again. recently, that the disease is spreading from the market.
On the same day, the Sohra-Mawsmai District also honored Jedaia Rajee who is the first child from the orphanage since 2015 to pass the Matric examination.
He said that the fish inside the river are already existing and have survived and grown in the river, but as of now the RBTEDF plans to hold this competition. , by charging up to T.500 per ryngwiang, has turned into a source of income without considering the cost of fish in the river. beat.
Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat and Nongstoin MDC Gabriel Wahlang on the 3rd of this month. In June, they went to complete their nomination papers before the Returning Officer of WKHD for the election to the Legislative Assembly from Nongstoiñ constituency.
Therefore, any organizations, clubs, villages and individuals who wish to take part in this ball tournament, are kindly requested to inform the office bearers of the Sengkur Syngkrem Shnongpdeng unit, or the members of the Tournament. The Football Committee, according to a statement, was appointed by the Secretary of the Football Committee, Bah Medrickson Syngkrem.
In a statement released by Taiwan's Defense Ministry, it said two Russian warships had reached the eastern coast of the Strait near Taiwan but had left. after understanding the threat from Taiwan on that day.
There are also cases where misunderstandings arise in the public administration, and when there are such cases, the EM said that the people should not rush to the KHADC, but should reconcile with the KHADC. crane understanding well before the Hima.
Commenting on the performance of the Aam Aadmi Party, Rahul said that both the Congress and the BJP have contested elections in the usual manner, but it has been Shillong, November 7: The KSU Malki has commemorated the 19th death anniversary of the AAP. Former President Bah Bull N Lyngdoh who was also the President of the KSU from 1983 to
Regarding the allegation regarding the insufficient quantity or spoilage of the rice, there is no such thing because before the rice reached the dam, it has been confirmed that it is good rice.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary HYC-CEC, Issac Basaiawmoit, Asst GS, Organizing Secretary, CEC, Franky Kharumnuid, Sports Secretary CEC, Enlang Sawian, Education Secretary CEC and others. Members of Shillong City, parents and relatives of Lorenza.
Speaking to reporters, the woman said that they left the village with the intention of going to Shillong to give birth but when they reached Nongspung they stayed for 3 hours on the road and her family members tried. to request the vehicles to leave the road and some of them left but many did not listen.
“The participation of the villages, the provision of nutritious food, the introduction of health care techniques, the education of the disease, the early screening and hygiene and others, are some of the These measures can accelerate the goal of a TB free India by 2025,” he added.
Archbishop Victor as the chief guest handed over to the Vicar General of the Diocese of Shillong, Fr ​​Richard Manbha Majaw to announce the Executive Committee and the boundaries of the Parish Mawiong.
He also urged the people not to be afraid because the government in 2023 will be the Congress government.
:The song “Pyrthei shong ing basa” is a Khasi song which was released on the 10th of November
From now on, drug traffickers should be punished more strictly whether they are local or foreign.
The center was inaugurated in the presence of prominent elders of the area, leaders of the Union of Waheh Chnong Jowai and others.
“This has also affected Psiar and Khatkasla villages due to the crossing of the border from Assam to the Myntang River even though Psiar and Khatkasla have not fallen under Block I or within the border dispute between the two states,” he said. , added Kong Toi.
( sometimes there is a takeover).
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: Three days after the killing of a Bsein iong in Ri Bhoi, the Wildlife Department Nongpoh has announced that it will kill a Bsein iong in Ri Bhoi. Range, they have now confirmed the place where the Bsein Cobra was killed by people and that is at Pahammardoloi, Nongkhrah, Ri Bhoi District.
In this way, there should be a spirit of mutual respect and respect for the customs and traditions of others even if there are snaps that are against one's own customs and traditions.
What allows the development of “Kyiad” is what allows all kinds of evil.
As soon as it comes out of the ground it climbs to the plants, shrubs and trees and after a few minutes it bites the soap and appears as a lung insect with sner and after a while if it cannot be killed. it grows and turns into a darker shape to show that it has grown stronger and it is no longer sweet to eat if it has grown.
It is currently looking for a site to set up such a project in Garo Hills.
Shillong: There have been 71 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills District today, of which 69 are civilians.
Shillong, July 04: The BJP Meghalaya has strongly condemned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma for forcibly inaugurating the Umtrew Hydro Project in Ri-Bhoi District despite the strong opposition of the land owners. you have not paid for your land.
Speaking to the residents of these two villages, they expressed their support for the decision taken by the United Democratic Party (UDP) to demand the replacement of the leader of the All Regional Party. Alliance (ARPA) within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
Police have also registered a case U/S 174 Cr.
In the first leg, Sohmynting played against Pynthor Youth Social Welfare without scoring a goal.
I don't like to sngaid like that..." said Daplin.
“I believe that this is our victory and we respect the decision of the court and this is also the order, which was issued earlier, in which they can call, through a negotiation with Rajeev Kumar, he said. “It's clear that he won't cooperate,” said Mamata.
take care of the land and the forest.
All shops have been directed not to sell the drinking water until the truth about the quality of the drinking water is found.
This behavior of NEHU (Exam department) shows the lack of management and thinking of those who conduct the examinations.
We may not agree with Bah Ardent's opposition but we know that most of the time the government listens only if it does so.
Peter Tonello (who died) and Bishop Stephen Ferrando SDB on 26 January
He said that with his receipt of the GLOBAL TEACHER'S MODEL AWARD 2015, he has been able to make Puriang known to the world and to put Meghalaya on the world map in terms of and teaching jobs and opening up opportunities for others who have the desire to improve.
He praised Abhijit Paul, Head of CSR Department of Dalmia Bharat Cement Ltd for listening to his request to help the village.
In this regard, the Minister urged all the BJP leaders to refrain from such remarks which could affect relations with other parties.
At the DMC, Darnei cut the Jubilee Cake.
I thought to myself, whether we should go forward until we reach the place where Mawhati is or whether we should turn back.
The former Rangbah Shnong, who was also the Secretary Shnong, Bah BD Laloo, today said that the delay in the construction of the road is due to the PWD. The village has been suspended for a while, giving many reasons why the village cannot understand why the road, which was supposed to be cleaned, has been suspended by the government department.
It was after the crucifixion and resurrection that Jesus took on a body that was no longer physical but heavenly.
On the 25th, Amit Shah announced that he will visit Manipur for three days.
Speaking on the illegal mining, the state government has recently sent a report to the NGT that it has imposed a fine of T.153 crore on 133 mines. quarries and quarries in the state and most of these are in Ri Bhoi District.
This is one of the lowest transition targets for a transition from carbon intensive to carbon neutral by an emerging economy – and this reflects India’s belief that the path to riches are in faith.
Lariti is the body of a nation that includes food, drink, dress, song, dance, prayer, belief, and other ways of thinking. of that nation.
On the part of the voice of the Nong Mawlai, they strongly condemned that even their children are not recognized, but they take them with the idea that they are his followers.
Besides Bah Tongkhar, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Urban Development Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, CEM Thombor Shiwat, former CEM of JHADC Madonbai Rymbai who joined hands with the PHE department to work together to get permission to install electricity from Khliehtyr Substation. .
He said that this has caused the people to lose confidence in them, because they were elected not from the TMC party but from the Congress party. as if they had turned away the people and now they have lost their faith.
The people in the area have their own land and in the past lived in peace, but as the days go by, they have been persecuted in many ways, including by political parties. The Karbi Forest, the Assam Police and the Assam Government, all these incidents are due to the negligence of the Meghalaya Government.
Conflict : means markynti – Although the words mar and kynti have the same meaning, but in the original language markynti is a conflict between two sides.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The Department of Expenditure, Finance Department today released the eighth monthly payment of the Post Development Revenue Deficit (PDRD) Grant of T.7,183.42 crore to 14 States.
In order to find out the facts, the police will conduct an investigation to find out all the facts on those involved in this case and especially to find out others involved in the smuggling of this drug. gold, he added.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: As the days approach to the date for the renewal of the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly, the candidates from various parties have continued to file their nomination papers for the elections to the Legislative Assembly. to confirm such candidates who intend to contest the 2023 election in the state.
Otherwise, the UDP may send its children or family members to contest the Shella bye election to get back the votes. times.
In the second half, Sumioo Tariang scored the first goal for West Madan Mustem in the 3rd & 77th minutes. Obram Sumer scored the third goal in the 59th minute.
After the inspection, Kong Beti Jyrwa urged the government to complete the construction of the road as soon as possible, because if the government can complete the road soon, it will also be a great benefit to the people of the 25 villages in the area.
The state government is still waiting for a reply from the GNLA on the government's call for talks.
“Now the BJP government has increased the tax on these goods, but the states still receive 3 tyngka,” he said.
These cows were seized in the evening while they were patrolling the border at Muktapur Police Patrolling Post.
Bah Syiem urged the members of the party not to insult the people but to ensure that the people should not violate the rights of the land owners.
There are 87 examination centers in Shillong Region and 65 examination centers in Tura Region.
The new cases include EKH: 45, RBD: 3, SWKH: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 4 and WKH:
It is good and right that pastors should also contest the elections to help remove the world political system which is filled with corruption, corruption, violence, discrimination, discrimination. on the other hand, the intolerance shown by the government authorities, Ministers, MLAs and political parties.
Those families who are free from the blood of the mother, receive this Khrong ka Khri while those who have a bad record in society, especially in the fields of blood, lose this Khrong ka Khri and will not participate in the Khrong ka Khri. you niam you hand.
Speaking at a public meeting in Resubelpara, North Garo Hills, where the Chairman of the State Planning Board, SC Marak, Sangma urged the people and insurgents to leave their guns. and to play chess and demand the creation of Garo State.
The NPP MLA also criticized the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma for not going to Delhi.
Fatima Shadap prayed for the Government of Manipur, Jonatus Suchiang prayed for the Government of India, Pdiangjingshai-hun Dkhar prayed for the abused girls and children of Manipur. Jemma Phyllei FMA for Meghalaya, District, Elaka and Homeless Refugees who have lost their parents, children and loved ones due to conflict; Mookyndeng Parish.
The tournament was organized by the Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) in collaboration with the Sports Department. the State Government and the North Eastern Council.
All vehicles coming from Amlarem should pass through the Amlarem Bypass.
In his speech, Pastor Kharkrang said that the struggle for the hill state began through the enactment of the Assamese language in the state. 24th March 1960.
He said the VPP is an organization of all the people living in Meghalaya whose goal is to achieve the rights of the indigenous people.
Police have arrested the three suspects and registered a case against them. Police have also seized 4 mobile phones, 3 ATM cards and a Scooty. The incident is ongoing to find out more about the incident.
Referring to the Ranikor election, Rowel said the defeat of the NPP in the mid-term elections may be due to the power of money.
He said that Khaddum Village can be developed as one of the famous tourist destinations.
The Player of the Match was awarded to Kuwar Dhrub.
Luke 1:31-33 His kingdom will never end from 1,000 years to eternity.
Therefore, before I cut or put the golden crown, I would like to inform the dear and intelligent readers that the cultivation of trees does not have a future or a blessing for our country but it does not have a future. ap and protect our beloved country and nation.
Leaders of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi, including Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi, Bah Donroy Kshiar, said that the reason why the members of the HNYF did not refuse to patrol the area. The reason for this is that these cow farmers have not been able to bring in cows that have not been examined by the relevant doctors. is one of the states, which has had cows infected with the disease in cows.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Israeli troops fired bombs at the border areas of Quneitra that day.
The passengers informed Bah Nicky, RJ of 91.1 Radio Mirchi, who informed the media to spread the news.
The competition was attended by prominent dancers of the state such as Bah Kit Thabah, President AMDA and others, Bah Gabriele Wahlang, President Meghalaya Youth Congress, Kong Nongpluh and other invitees.
The tribe that killed Kendrick is the “Kharnongthommeba.
Blake Lively has announced that she will not take part in the MET Gala this year. you have received a child.
However, KHNAM demanded that when discussing the Roster System, the Reservation Policy should also be discussed as both of them have a connection.
These Khasi mysteries suspected that the reason why the employers invited foreigners was because the foreign workers were willing to work even at a low price.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has acknowledged that Russia's invasion of the border is something that the country has always been afraid of.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi, Kmie, urges all those involved in the preparation of tourists, or in any programs that require to showcase their own culture, They should also explain the meaning of the dress, because the Khasi dress is not just a dress or a dress, but it is a gift from God. Nongthaw Nongbuh, in every dress, whether it is a male or female dress, it has a meaning and there is also a clear explanation and it carries a very important meaning in terms of morality. man on this face of the earth.
Thomas' victory came after three opposition parties including the Congress, TMC and Voice of the People's Party failed to field candidates.
The Amrit KalashYatra is a tribute to the soldiers who sacrificed their lives as well as the citizens in the struggle for freedom and stability of India.
She also criticized the Swatch Bharat Abhayan, the cleanliness system in Shillong which is still lacking in many areas especially in the cleanliness system.
On the 12th of this month, police received a complaint from Shri Ramanuj Das, resident of Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong that his brother, Shri Digbijoy Das, has been missing from his home since 7 of June, and later they received a call from unknown persons that they had kidnapped his brother.
Shillong, June 10: The teachers of Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Mawlai have staged a mid-day strike after the Principal of the school has reprimanded them for delaying their salaries. teacher.
Many Christian churches, especially Protestant or Pentecostal/Charismatic churches, teach and insist only on this one thing that the soul must be saved from eternal torment in hell.
The Tura Parliamentary Constituency has 6,221 voters and 89 voters will elect the Speaker of Parliament.
The group in a meeting with the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Lamphrang Blah and the Judge of the District Council Court Justice S.Kharsyiemlieh sought their views on the hearing of the case. rights of indigenous peoples to land, forests, customs, Dorbar Shnongs and to the implementation of laws in India and Bangladesh that can benefit the indigenous peoples of these two countries typical country.
He said that the neighbors heard the sound of the robbers throwing bombs at the vehicle and later they heard that someone started the vehicle and these people fled to the area of ​​Lumsohphoh. .
Aren't they the MLAs of the Seng Riewlum?”, said the leaders.
The case comes after a complaint was lodged on 18th July 2021 regarding a case registered at Mawlai police station and the inquiry on 19th July 2022, which was sent to the government. state with an inquiry headed by only one person.
He said that the four villages of Syllai Ulor, Kyndong-Nongkyntir, Rngi and Mawiong have opposed the project because the land has been allocated without the consent of the people. It is the place where the Raid Dorbar is held and it is also a sacred place with ancient buildings.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District today raided and dismissed all the employees of the IPAC company located in Nongthymmai, Springside Block It is learned that the consultancy has not provided the necessary documents for the trading license from the District Council.
W.A Sangma to the All Party Hills Leaders Conference (A.P.H.L.C).
The Government of India is expected to honor the Soskular and implement the terms within the stipulated time.
The reason for the lack of corruption in the state which has led to the decline in income in the state, the demand and commission by the people in power, When various development projects are implemented to the people, whether funded by the State Government or funded by the Central Government, the theft and looting are the rights of the poor and the needy. These days, the number of cases of poverty has increased and has become an incurable disease and a communicable disease.
The family of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, former General Secretary of the HNLC, who was shot dead by the police on 13th July, has joined a signature campaign to demand justice and suspension of the police who shot dead Bah Che. on Thursday in Mawlai.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has decreased significantly in recent days, with only 158 cases reported at the end of November 19,
There are also those who raise cows, cattle and pigs but it is still very low.
In order to purchase land in the area, all seven persons have set up a trust called 'Ka Shillong Recreation Ground Trust' and registered the Trust Deed at the District Registry in Shillong on June 19, 1905.
These TMC leaders were welcomed today at the residence of Bah Donbok Khymdeit, President of the UDP Ri-Bhoi District, in the presence of Bah RR Makdoh, Bah RM Shadap, Mrs. Doris Sullivan.
The meeting was held at Circuit House Nongpoh. The meeting was chaired by the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter Passah, the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper. The Mazdoor Union was led by Bah Ramen Das as General Secretary and the Mazdoor Union was led by Bah Kennedy C. Khyriem.
On the other hand, the union demanded that the bill should be submitted every month and the smart meter should be given a public explanation or awareness program to those villages which do not understand how it works.
"We are not allowed to discuss any case pending in court and we have to wait until we get a decision from the court," said Dr Don.
Expressing his regret over the distance of church leaders from politics, he said that their participation can encourage some people who are qualified to enter the church. this part.
He also thanked the Dorbar Shnong and the Rangbah Dong for being willing to accept this task so that it can be completed in a proper manner.
To this day, we know that Chad Sukra was held before planting.
Spain beat Switzerland 3-1 on penalties.
She said that in the advertisement, the DMHO office is looking for those who have worked as Staff Nurses during Covid-19 and who have experience for about 3 years. years of experience to work as a Covid Nurse when Covid-19 strikes only 1 year or 2 years less.
The KSU also expressed its surprise that the government would call a meeting to discuss the lack of attention of the NHAI on this road, but instead called to discuss the opening of the toll gate.
The sharing of knowledge and learning of language and culture can strengthen peace and enrich all our traditional festivals.
Speaking after the filing of nomination papers, Ampareen said she does not want to accuse or criticize other candidates or political parties, but her signature is a letter from the NPP. She said that the uniform may be blue, white, blue, but it is the court and urged the people to give their support to her to become an MP from the state to defend the government. the problems of the people.
People have remembered the brave hero of Meghalaya, Tirot Singh on his death anniversary.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that liquor shops in West Jaintia Hills District will be open on Tuesday and Saturday from 9 am to 4 pm.
Other promises, he said he would demand from the government to recognize Khasi and Garo as State Official Languages ​​and to include them in the Scheduled Baphra according to the Constitution of India. to stand up and demand from the State Government to immediately resolve the border issue and to protect the land and to preserve the customs and traditions and strengthen the Sixth Schedule as enshrined in the Constitution of in India.
However, in the past, it has been seen that the District Council has become increasingly unable to exercise its powers to organize the administration in the villages, Hima and this is evident in the fact that many villages have emerged. There has been a lot of trouble in the election of the Rangbah Shnong and the Sordar throughout the Khasi Hills.
Regarding the incident which happened yesterday in which members of the two parties were arrested and beaten by the police; The FKJGP and KSU Mawlai Circle strongly condemn the SOTs under the leadership of SI Simsang A Sangma and also Gogoi and several foreign SOTs who have no spirit of fellow human beings. Members of the two organizations who were on duty to explain and block the trucks (Kali Heh) in a steady manner.
Many of the speakers on the occasion praised the hard work of the MLA of the area Bah Sanbor Shullai in introducing many schemes which benefit the community of the Greater Cantonment Area and especially from the For the residents of 19th South Shillong Constituency.
He participated in the discussion on the issue of drugs brought by Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit.
They built their lives together And helped each other.
For their requirements, please contact 8132011037 from 10 am to 8 pm, said the Commissioner and Secretary, Tourism Department, Government of Meghalaya.
He said that the illegally built shelter has three rooms and has been running illegally for many years.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The first general election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has come and gone like a rainy season.
The time is not far away to call upon the people of the country to express their demands to the Government of India for the bright future of the country and the Khasi people.
When asked, he said that he will send the complaint to the Minister of PHE or he can appeal to the Privilege Committee of the Assembly because this action of the Minister is a violation of the privilege of the MLA. they chose.
After the Prime Minister announced a 21 day lockdown to protect the citizens of India from the threat of COVID-19, various Dorbar Shnongs of Sumer District, East Jaintia Hills District have called for The EJNC has urged the shopkeepers to close their shops as directed by the Government but the EJNC has found that there are still shopkeepers in the area.
God loves man very much and has sent tests so that man can draw closer to God. the judgment of the Almighty.
The union has also asked Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of PWD, to help in the maintenance of the road from Liarbang via Mawlasnai to Nartiang.
“The Chief Justices have been able to postpone the cases where the order to suspend the hearing has been issued earlier by the Special Bench to confirm the issuance of the order including the order to suspend the hearing. The Supreme Court has also directed the High Courts to create their own tabs on their websites to provide information according to the districts where the trial is held. deal with details on the year of complaint, number of pending and ongoing cases.
The program was organized by the Ministry of Food Processing Industries and was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the presence of Ministers of various states.
In an age of oppression, bloodshed, violence and murder, in an age of impoverishment and displacement of our neighbours, our villagers, let us dare to stand up and speak out. The words of faith are as follows:• The word of faith is love which stands against the word of religion to hate and hate others.
Among many others, Rajnikanth received the Dada Phalke Award, the highest award in the country's film industry, while Kangana Ranaut received the award for Best Actress and She won the award for her films Manikarnika (2019) and Panga (2020).
Now we have decided to inform, because we have found the lack of attention by the government, what we can still do we do, but what we can no longer do, we cannot leave it alone, u added.
US National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan will travel to Rome today to meet with Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi to discuss the issue. mat.
The main reason for these incidents is that the Government has not implemented the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulation Act, 1971 for 40 years but the Government of Meghalaya has been quick to amend the Land Transer. Act to allow companies to purchase land to mine coal to build dewbilat factories and other types of factories,” said the statement.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of 18 Villages in Ri Bhoi District, which fall under the Raid Nongtung of the Hima Khyrim, today decided to come forward to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong to pay special price to curb the influx of Khasi to Assam.
Khliehriat June 24 : The 27th Motocross and Autocross Championship of East Jaintia Hills has been a great success for the people of East Jaintia Hills. The Mizoram Motor Sport Association (MIMSA) will hold a tournament on the 21st and 22nd of this month in Aizawl, Mizoram.
The road leading to Kiang Nangbah Government College and other roads known as Dulong College Road in Jowai has been temporarily closed due to the repair of the bridge at Salaroh.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said the State Government has sent information through an affidavit to the Court regarding the measures taken by the Government after receiving the reply from Harijan. Panchayat Committee (HPC).
World football star Diego Maradona has died today at the age of 60 after suffering a stroke.
Therefore, on the first day, 18th November 2022, she informed the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front Women Wings, led by Kong. Bity Jyrwa and others went to Iewduh to send out the foreigner who was selling food and the union closed the door without delay. niuh mat, he went out to hand over the lock to Kong Jyrwa.
Nongpoh: Seven Brother Football Club on Tuesday won the 6th Invitational Football Tournament of the Bhoirymbong Social Cultural & Sport Club (BBSCC) on Tuesday. 7wasa Football Club beat 7wasa Football Club 2-0 in the final match played at Kurkalang Stadium, Bhoirymbong.
"According to preliminary investigation, it was said that the song was dropped by a drone from the border areas.
Being a Doctor is a passion for me till I die.
After the Holy Mass, the Constitution of the Jowai Diocese Youth Wing was launched by Rev Fr Ferdinand Dkhar in the presence of other priests. to the Mothers, the Elders, the Children and the Young Men.
“We don't intend to overthrow the chairperson,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Shillong, July 16: Khatsawphra College and Higher Secondary School, Mairang today honored the students of this school who passed the HSSLC examination in Arts Stream and Commerce. students are the first to graduate from the institution since its establishment in 2014.
Nongpoh, March 27: St Peter Secondary School, Khuswai, one of the schools on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, today inaugurated a new classroom to continue providing services. to students in the border area through appropriate classrooms.
When the police seized the vehicle, they sent it into the Phramer police station. Suddenly one of them broke Hasmula's car from the outside door.
Shillong: The President and Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF) Lapalang Unit have received many complaints from the residents of Raid Mawshun, regarding the misuse of the Dorbar Hall of Raid Mawshun. This Dorbar Hall has been turned into a Syiar house.
In the New Testament this kingdom is revealed as the church (Matt. 16:18-19; Col. 1:13-14). Paul later calls the church the body of Christ (Eph. 1:22-23). .
Speaking on the principles of the AITC, he said that at present, only this party can fight against the forces who are trying to destroy the unity even in the disorder of the people of the state. To just blame the AITC for being born in West Bengal is wrong because even the parties from Delhi are allowed and urged by the people not to have any complaint against the AITC which was born in the state. near our state.
He said that in fact, the police have been announcing and informing the public from time to time that they should not get involved in such incidents but the people are still getting involved from time to time.
Nothing can be done about this disease except not to plant seedlings from fields with this disease.
In a statement, the Adhoc President of the Block Congress invited all the supporters and former office bearers to attend the meeting.
The Minister inspected the construction of the Thangraiñ Combined Water Supply Scheme at a cost of Rs 9,27,40,000/- and will benefit 432 households of Thangraiñ.
“Out of these eight top leaders, six have been with us and two others have left to join other parties.
“Those who accuse us of looking at us as the VPP, I say that it is an act done by the end of the road and they see that there is no other way,” said Bah. Adelbert.
He said that the police station does not have septic tanks and this has caused a lot of trouble in the area.
“We trust our scientists, our doctors and our youth.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Langpih area, which is also in the middle of the border dispute with Assam, have expressed their anger after the police in the area including the police Meghalaya and Assam have explained to the people that they have started to show the border and prohibited the people from entering the area.
Her mother, too, because she didn't know anything about her daughter, listened and did her job.
Secretary Jowai Waheh Chnong Union Riquoma Rq Laloo said that they have met with the heads of both the agencies and the supply side has also confirmed the price.
On the other hand, the children of Seiñ Raij Mukhla brought the rot to Aitnar Pond along with various news.
Conrad K. Sangma said that during the tenure of Bah Lahknem Rymbui as Minister of Education, the Government has taken a firm decision to improve literacy especially in the country. degree Higher and Technical Education.
Sabahmuswang and FAM have reached the final of the Under-13 Republic Day Cup Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Shillong, Naiwieng 01 : The Special Court (POCSO) of East Khasi Hills has sentenced two robbers to 14 years imprisonment and a fine of 50,000 tyngka for raping a 12-year-old girl. in the village under Mawngap Police Station.
“We don't want to say anything on the news that he will contest the MP election from the NPP,” he said.
The union has warned all foreign companies who come to set up businesses in the country to employ the people of the state first and the union has said that it will continue to monitor from now on. to all the companies that are violent and reluctant to employ the people of the state especially in the jobs that they can do.
On the other hand, the President of the Seng, Samla Ennocent Khongstia, said that he is very pleased with the establishment of the Civil Sub-Division in the area, but at the same time it is also for selfish gain. The Civil Sub-Division was first established by Babu Pongka Singh of Mawryngkang Village in September
James Sangma has increased by 568% from Rs 7 crore to Rs 53 crore in five years.
“We urge the Government to take immediate action to provide these necessary equipment to prevent the spread of this disease,” said Tuesday Lytep, President FKJGP Jaintia Hills. The Government should be vigilant especially at these Border Areas which are on the Bangladesh border and other borders, because according to the information gathered by the union there has been the exploitation of Bangladeshis to smuggle into the country. your country.
Enough of choosing the rich, think for yourself! If we don't look at this issue, then education in this state will decline, because no one has spent time to discuss this issue in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that Government jobs including those related to Government Agencies are very low – figures show that they do not exceed 1200-1500 jobs per annum, including to the various departments.
Leaders of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), who are leading the protest, say they have not yet reached an agreement with the Indian government to implement the Swaminathan report and to fix the selling price of farmers' produce and also to forgive once the loan of the farmers.
On this occasion, the Minister said that they have already sent a message to the District Authorities as well as to the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) to take immediate action to verify and verify all the details. documents submitted by students applying for MBBS or other health related fields on behalf of the State Government.
The Chief Superintendent of Police, on the other hand, said that the police officers have been charged under the MPDA Act for their involvement with the rebel group. .
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills Unit (KSU) has sent a statement to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to issue a No-Objection Certificate (NOC). to the North East Frontier Railway (NFR) for the implementation of the project to build a railway line in the state.
I hope that you will give me this opportunity to work again for you and the nation as a whole to complete the remaining tasks and to lead our Constituency, Country and State. from a good future to a better future," he said.
It is worth mentioning that after the government implemented this Act, all the wine stores along the highway have been closed across the area.
etc cannot be held anymore because I can't take classes.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah David Nongrum praised the hard work of Bah C Aikon Diengdoh, Sordar of Tynring Village and President of Tynring Judo. .
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Macmilan Byrsat expressed his gratitude to the students of the area who have passed the SSLC examination. Since his election as the leader, to award prizes to the students as an encouragement and motivation to the students, and to continue every year.
Finally, the union demands that the government should take action on this problem faced by the patients at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh. “It would be better for the government to bring in another 100 beds for the benefit of the people who come for treatment at the hospital,” said Bah Apbor Nongrum.
3LU held a dance competition today at Pandal, NEHU and about 20 dancers from all over Mawlai and other places came to take part in the competition.
“When We Meet We Grow” is located in West Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District, also on the border of Bangladesh and Assam.
Work right, do right, walk right, think about your life and your future are the pillars of happiness for us human beings.”
Besides, he is an advocate for the establishment of NEIGRIHMS, the design of the Shillong Bypass which has now been completed after the overcrowding of Shillong and others.
On the other hand, Bah Bless Dkhar, president of the HNYF, said that the law should apply equally to all and not just one and if illegal parking lots have to be closed, they should close all. who is located in Wahingdoh, Mawkhar and other places.
Earlier, the Minister said that he had already written to the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs six months ago regarding the situation in the state.
When the Khasi people have their own history of the country and the great men, and their own beliefs and prayers, why do we use those of others which don't have the same appearance or sound? and our nation.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the office has received information that there are fish farm owners who hold fish fishing competitions in the district with the permission of the office. The DC of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) without any permission from the DC's office said that the khwai competition has disrupted the traffic of the people as it has caused traffic jam and has caused traffic jam. also to cause any trouble.
They include 4 soldiers, 2 health workers, 7 high risk contacts, 2 ILI cases, 8 foreigners, 2 SARI cases, 3 cases from Anjalee, 2 cases from Baniun, One from Cleave Colony, one from Golflink, 4 cases from Happy Valley, 1 case from Jaiaw, 3 cases from Laban, 1 case from Laitumkhrah, 2 cases from Lapalang, 1 case from Lummawbah, 5 cases from Madanryting, 2 cases from Mawprem, 2 cases from Nongmynsong. Nongrah and 3 from Rynjah.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home (Police) Prestone Tynsong in reply to a question by UDP MLA from Nongpoh Mayralborn Syiem in the Assembly today. second.
As an elderly man, Scaloni has led the team to victory and as the winner of the Copa America 2021, which is also the first foreign trophy for the team as a whole. it has been in operation since
However, nowadays, the residents don't care about it until it turns into garbage,” said a statement sent by Bah Maiustar Mylliemngap, President Seng Samla Mawlai Umjaiur.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MLA) has dissolved the Mairang Block Congress and appointed Bah Rasor Rani, former MLA as the new President of the Mairang Block Congress.
Even here in Shillong, the Minister has come to hand over the appointment letters, this is only the beginning and more youth will be recruited.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 155,076 with 2,257,216 cases in 193 countries and 497,600 recoveries.
The Sengbhalang has decided to extend the curfew in Ri Lum Jaintia from 36 hours to 12 hours from 5 pm on the 10th to 5 pm on the same day.
The BIE today announced that it has imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 against Uma Devi, a teacher of a private school, who counted the marks of Navya, who was in Telegu subject. class 12 and this aid '0' instead of
He said that one of the reasons why he chose the VPP party is because he has already seen that the party will have hope, because now many people are only thinking of winning the elections.
Furthermore, KHNAM has asked the KHADC, on what basis has it accepted the NOC signed by a foreigner as Rangbah Shnong? This shows that the KHADC itself has violated the law of the Hima Mylliem and has issued Trade License through NOCs which are not sufficient for individuals.
Shillong, July 23: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Cantonment Board (KHNM) over the incorrect writing of the name on the sign boards. The SCB has complained to the CEO that such inscriptions will destroy the original names written by the ancestors.
The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, Chief Secretary RV Suchiang and senior officials of the State Government.
The children also sang songs and had a cake and a drink.
Shillong: The Executive cum Zonal meeting of the KJDSTA will be held on the 10th July 2019 at the Seminar Hall of the State Central Library, Shillong at 11 am to discuss many issues.
“You should not lose hope, we will be with you, when we do the work, we should do it right so that it will be a blessing for the poor,” he said.
The project was constructed by Star Cement Limited at a cost of T.30 lakh.
“The JETS 24×7 is to provide services to the public by operating motorcycles through the Mobile Application App in Meghalaya and the JETS has been recognized by the Government of Meghalaya and we have received the license from the State Government through the Transport Department,” said the petition.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Sniawbhalang said how can the Block Congress Jowai blame him when the party's candidate has not been announced.
Hamas on Monday informed Qatar that it is ready to release 70 women and children kidnapped since March
He said that through the influx of foreign companies, it will also cause problems to the people in getting jobs because these companies will prevent the state residents from doing their jobs. because you need our skilled labour.
Shillong, June 20: U Bah HS Shylla, MDC Nongkrem, today said that he does not need to withdraw his support from the PDF, as he has not yet given his support.
“As soon as the sun goes down, everyone should stay at home.
At the end of the dance, Rgh Skor Jala, President Seng Khasi Nongmynsong, gave a welcome speech and a welcome speech. The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 1585 on Sunday with 2 new cases confirmed in the country.
They vote their precious, honest and free votes for such leaders.
Because the government wants the coal mining to resume in the state,” he said.
He said that at present, there are only two names and one more is needed to become a member according to the rules.
The monthly consumption of sugarcane in the state is about 1704 metric tonnes.
Shillong, Naitung 4 : The Shillong Chamber Choir will release a new song titled “The Great Indian Train Journey” composed by (L) Bah Neil Nongkynrih.
At the meeting, held at Chandmary Square, the party expressed its strong opposition to the incidents of violence against women and children in Garo Hills.
"The Pariksha Pe Charcha is an annual program in which the Prime Minister answers questions related to examination anxiety and other related issues raised by students. questions in this program which will be broadcast live on Doordarshan National, DD News, DD India, Radio Channels, TV Channels, Digital Media including YouTube Channels of EduMinofIndia, Narendramodi, Pmoindia, Pibindia, Doordarshan National, MyGovIndia, DDNews, National TV, Independent.
They also abducted Congress members who were inside the vehicle and tied them up, some of whom sustained head injuries.
I don't want to leave anymore,” said the residents.
Bah Dkhar said that the MRL&VT Bill-2013 of the state government has nothing to do with the intention to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the country but it is only a law to attract It is only a law to exploit and destroy the Rangbah Shnongs and Trai Iing Trai Khyndew and also to harass the indigenous residents.
He said the withdrawal of support from the UDA was not for personal gain and denied that it would affect the post of Chairman of the State Planning Board in the state.
Who is responsible for the damage and the police should take the necessary action immediately.
Tomorrow, Nangbah Mulang will play against Sohmynting at 3.00 pm.
The two beloved mother and son were placed next to each other, where they were laid to rest in front of the church at St Sebastian, Negombo, which is also the place where they died in the blast.
The Dy CEM, JHADC, who is also the MDC of Tuber, said that this vehicle will provide services for those who face difficulties in transporting and leaving the sick in the area.
From an early age, parents often encourage their children to live a good life and spend a lot of effort to provide their children with a good education that can improve their lives. so that they will be good people when they grow up.
The theme of this Golden Jubilee Service of the Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch this year 2023 is, “The Word of God to all”.
The song is supported by Rupert B.Pathaw and produced by Dbryn Record.
“At that time Preston Tynsong was still like a shrieh, and now he is like Amitabh Bachchan.
Odisha Mining Corporation Limited (OMC) has recently entered into an agreement with HI (Hockey India) after the expiry of the agreement with the government for sponsorship of the country's sports teams from Odisha. for a five-year contract period from 2018 –
At that time, the two GNLA members detonated an IED bomb on the road to Marapgre area under Gambegre Block, which is the road that Saleng Sangma was supposed to pass through. that day.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) through its Vice-President Marcus Marten, has demanded that Conrad K. Sangma be appointed Prime Minister and Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Prime Minister. Lahkmen Rymbui, the Minister of Home Affairs, has announced that he will resign from his post.
Through this rule, it is prohibited to enter and leave the area from today, July 18,
The statement that corruption leads to poverty is justified by the fact that during elections, there are many candidates who bet money to get the votes of the people.
He said that 52 people in East Khasi Hills District who have tested positive for Covid-19; The eight positive cases are high risk contacts of two persons who attended a wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort, Khanapara, Assam.
He also scored seven fours and two seven runs against Lerry Sangma who scored 23 runs from 13 balls including two. three four-run and one six-run.
He urged them all to have a spirit of cooperation by helping each other so that the objectives of the party can be achieved.
Modi congratulated all the people of the country on this Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas.
According to Dr Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA Bah Ngaitlang is the one who encourages his supporters to leave the party.
He said that these incidents are due to the stinginess of the former MDA government which failed to stop the Assam government. If this government cannot do anything, it is clear that they will wait until the tragic incidents that happened in the past years.
Amir-Abdollahian is also scheduled to meet with President Bashar al-Assad on the same day and the talks between the two leaders will focus on how to resolve and restore the peace process. Israel's actions in the past month.
It is not known whether there is a policeman who has not been arrested.
Shillong, Nailar 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today appointed new Ministers in the MUA-II Government. The Urban Affairs Department has visited Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh who has taken over the post of Minister for the first time.
John L Sailo Ryntathiang and so on.
The VPP MLA has protested against the Lamphang's action under Article 226 of the Constitution for not allowing the complainant to bring a special hearing under Rule 130A of the Rules. to discuss in the House during the Budget 2024 Session on the CAG Report on the Social and Economic Sectors for the year ended State of Meghalaya.
Although the Congress has not yet announced its candidates for these two constituencies, Bormanding Nonglang, President of the West Khasi Hills District Congress Committee, said that the Congress has already announced its candidates. He has not announced the candidates in these two constituencies, but he has not yet announced their names.
When asked whether he has any intention to take over the post of President of the UDP, Dr Mawthoh said, “I don't have any intention to take over the post of President of the UDP. The post of President, any post appointed by the party is a cooperation through mutual understanding”.
Besides, police said that the raid was conducted on residences and other places linked to these robbers, adding that the purpose of the The raid was aimed at disrupting the operation of a joint operation between robbers, smugglers and drug traffickers who have been operating since Noah.
“Yes, the BJP has sent a letter to me and the HSPDP when they first met me, this is the rule and this is what was discussed,” he said.
When he opened it, he saw that it was Bah Let's brother and his youngest sister, as well as one of her children.
We have always seen that the Government has spoken and expressed to the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep that it will bring various companies to our state for the purpose of creating jobs for the youth of the country. The Government can bring only a few of these companies to Meghalaya.
He said the order was issued after the recent unpleasant incidents in which exploiters tried to disrupt the election campaign rallies of other political parties contesting in the election. Lok Sabha election to be held.
Malki had no choice but to accept defeat in this match.
The discussion focused on the measures, schemes, assistance and services implemented by various government departments aimed at the development and empowerment of women and children in the district.
Ajay Tirkey, Secretary, Land Resources, appreciated the efforts of Anandhi, Deputy Director, LBSNAA to organize this conference and explained that while the desire of the Autonomous District Councils in the North East to change digital and updating of land information systems is a step forward, all measures will be taken to support the Councils in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and existing laws.
“Do you think that this ULFA-I leader does not have adequate weapons and he is a leader? .
On the other hand, Dr. Pradeep Jyoti from Kerala said that this system of Ayurveda treatment has been started in many institutions since
Bah Shiningstar Warjrium-Dairy, Ri-Bhoi District I have published an article in the past few years entitled, “I was born wise but going to school has destroyed me”. , “I was born intelligence but education ruined me”.
THE following are SOME FOODS THAT CAN BE INCLUDE IN YOUR DAILY DIET.(1) MILK FOOD-: Milk foods are foods that are rich in nutrients. transport protein in the body and make sure to include these foods in your diet and especially for children as they contain calcium and phosphorus which is essential for the growth of children.
He said that before printing posters, pamphlets, manifestos, cassettes and others by any candidate, they must first get the approval of the District Election Officer and the syrond of the Media Certification and Monitoring Committee. appointed in the district and must bear the name of the Printing Press, otherwise it will not be allowed to be used.
The theme of the Red Ribbon Club Youth Festival 2023 is “Be Inspired, Own Your Future”.
He encouraged the residents of East Jaintia Hills to take up schemes to build home stays for tourists.
Shillong: KSU Balat Border Area Circle in collaboration with KSU South West Khasi Hills District, KSU Sengkmie and other organizations like HNYF and FKJGP on 06.01.2020 held a public meeting at Dangar as part of the to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 and to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state as part of the curb the influx of foreigners.
Khan reportedly wrote and spoke these words after he contracted the disease in
The Head Mistress of Rymbai Government Secondary School, Y.Lamare, explained the history of the school since its establishment in 1960 until now. The memorandum was on the request to upgrade the school to higher secondary, to provide a multi-purpose hall and to build a basketball court at the school.
When inquired from the heads of government departments, it was understood that there is a lack of employment in this regard and it has been introduced without understanding the full meaning of the Shlem Iktiar Tyngkai Rikynti.
The meeting was also attended by Bah Nikelson Khongmawloh, General Secretary of Raid Shabong. He confirmed the appointment of the Heritage Committee of the Raid Shabong. the kingdom of the children of the thousands of the Raid.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamletson said that the State Government has allocated Rs 120 crore for the upgrading of 40 BDO offices across Meghalaya.
"“The sad thing is that when I decided not to contest the election, there were some candidates who took advantage of my decision and took advantage of the work that my father has done for the people. and this proves that these people who take advantage are selfish leaders,” said Eugene.
According to police, on the 14th of July, Bah Lambha was shot and thrown into the Umiew River, and the next morning, the villagers found him lying lyngkrang without knowing anyone. They were rushed to Nazareth Hospital for treatment.
In JHADC, 85.187 percent are males, 85.988 percent are females and in KHADC, 74.436 percent are males and 78.716 percent are females.
and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:
Through the infection of the employees, there are 560 other employees of these synrop companies, who have stayed away in these days, the Daily Mail reported.
On the other hand, these three organizations, visited the site today and found that the factory has been robbing the indigenous people.
They were arrested along with AK 47, AK 56, SLR, four AK magazines, three SLR magazines, two walkie talkies, several bullets, GNLA documents. BSF Inspector General of Eastern Frontier PK Dubey admitted that the number of illegal groups from the east who have set up camps in Bangladesh has increased and now there are only three.
In his speech, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that today is a memorable day in the 75th anniversary of Parliament before taking the proceedings to the House. still open to the public.
This is not done in secret, but in public.
According to experts, the level of air pollution has continued despite the dry season.
The band has suspended their participation in Indian festivals and government holidays on the grounds of competition.
At present, even the Khanduli people cannot go to farm because they have been banned by the Karbi people.
They were handed over to the Sohryngkham Police Station.
The tin/plastic bags seem to be useless because even if they are full and clean, nobody cares.
Nongpoh, October 29: The Union of Six Dorbar Shnongs including New Sohlait, Old Sohlait, Nartap, Langpadon, Umsawnoldhi and Umjarasi Village, have expressed their deep sorrow over the problems faced by the people. This has happened due to the delay of the contractor in completing the PMGSY road from Umjarasi to Langpadon which is about 7.50 km long.
Furthermore, measures such as the establishment of the Cheetah Research Center which provides services for rescue, rescue, improvement of services, understanding; bringing more forest areas under the jurisdiction of the Kuno National Park; providing additional staff; the establishment of the Cheetah Protection Force; The construction of a second habitat for cheetahs at Gandhi Sagar Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh is underway.
Conrad said the problem is that the NPP has not been able to give tickets to all these seven MLAs, as there are no party members.
He was taken to a government hospital for post mortem.
The victory on this day will be a great honor for the residents of Nongthymmai.
Doesn't the miaw eat the fish?
He suggested to the state government to close down the university and now the matter is pending after the management of the university has challenged in court.
Martin M Danggo was the last Garo Chief Minister from 2003 to
The owners of the Bolero have already lodged a complaint at the Khanapara Police Station for the police to take necessary action.
“We have already made it clear that we stand on the ground that the Roster System should be implemented from now on but according to the new Office Memorandum (OM) issued by the Government, it does not make it clear on the implementation of the Roster System. “It will be from the beginning of 1972 or onwards,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar.
In the letter, he also congratulated the NPP party for winning many MLAs and the UDP party supports the NPP-led government to form a new government.
So he tried to treat Rida well by buying her clothes and food for her.
Manish Kr Singh top scored with 32 runs from 26 balls.
Reports said that some of the police officers who have expired their term of office have been arrested.
After lodging a complaint with the Cyber ​​Crime Police, a mobile phone was seized from a place in Senapati District on Tuesday.
The tournament was scheduled to be held last year, but due to the coronavirus, it has been postponed to
You shall lie down with the blood.
Unidentified persons allegedly threw stones at the house of Kong N Phawa and father of Ma N Nartiang, who have nine children, on Saturday night, last month. bring about a lot of damage.
However, he said that as a fellow leader in the District Council, he has a close relationship with other fellow leaders.
New Delhi, November 25: The Indian Mujahideen (IM) militants have reportedly intended to join hands with ISIS militants in making India a country like Iraq and Syria, the Indian Mujahideen (IM) militants said. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has told the court that some members of the IM want to go to Syria to take part in the this is a religious thma.
The MSOA looks forward to the celebration of the International Olympic Day.
He said that there are three roads in Laitmawsiang village which have been cleaned with dewbilat and the total length of the road is 1.80 kilometers. T.59 lakh tyngka, but without explaining how this money was spent.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Home Affairs, the KSU said that the people living on the border with West Karbi Anglong District, Assam have to live and stay in their villages. Assam and Meghalaya have been involved in a border dispute between the two states.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma will be sworn in as MLA from South Tura constituency tomorrow.
Speaking to media after the swearing-in ceremony on Tuesday, Dr. Lyngdoh said she has a sense of responsibility and it is necessary to ensure that all the issues of the State.
The bodies of Bah Kynmaw Syngai, 70, and Benti Riahtam, 60, were recovered this evening.
Before the opening ceremony, Bishop Rev Ferdinand Dkhar gave the blessing of the Holy Sacrament of the Duwan and a speech on the greatness of the Holy Eucharist was given by Father Cresence Roy Laloo.
I have already told his constituency that you are the lucky people and if you get him as the Prime Minister he will still have a lot of love because as an MP he has to share his love with them. 36 constituencies and if he becomes prime minister he will pour more,” Gogoi said.
Pastor Basaiawmoit said he wants the struggle to belong to the people and not to his will.
These land owners said that they have their own boundary which they know from the beginning and end of their land through the writings on the land titles which they have already registered with the Syiem.
Speaking at the Purvottar Swabhiman Utsav program in Guwahati today, Conrad said, “The textbooks that should be read by school and college students in the country, write little about the strengths of the nations in the east.
Nongpoh, July 10: To improve the income of the residents through tourism, Umden Umsaitprah Village in Ri Bhoi District today inaugurated a tourist attraction called River View. Eco Tourism, located near the Umïam River.
You can install a 1000 kilowatt immersion rod.
The examination date has been scheduled for November 14,
There are many Khasi women who love their country.
The bronze medal winners were Durka Padit, Carene Sohiong, Garry Daniel L. Mawlong, Anysha Wahlang and Paul Danny Kharmudai.
In the fourth and sixth rounds, Khan was paid T.2.5 crore per match.
However, we must remember the wise saying, "A small fire can sink great ships"
The reason is that there are parents who don't know how to appreciate education, there are also those who face difficulties in sending their children to school, because of poverty and boys who are 14 years old and above have to to work to support the family because of poverty.
In a statement sent by KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah, he said that the ATSA leaders have expressed the concerns of the Tamils ​​and other Dravidians in India. The KSU leaders expressed their concerns and concerns for the Khasi people.
Speaking at the meeting, the president of the party, Bah Dr. Ricky, said that the victory is the support of the people.
Shillong, November 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is time to declare a war against terrorism in the country.
It may be recalled that on the 24th of November, the girl went missing and was found on the 29th of November at Wah Umiam.
Marbisu opened the scoring in the 21st minute through Seiborlang.
After the arrest, the SP City, Bah Vivek Syiem, urged the people of the state who have been caught in the shrip of this person to come forward and lodge a complaint against him. They should not be deceived by any person who tries to get government jobs by demanding money from the people.
The wisdom and understanding of the voters of the State will bring about a clean governance, the future of your children.
There were about 7 students of the school who passed in the SSLC examination including those who passed in the 1st division and those in other categories.
He said that armed activities have started to disappear from Assam except in a few areas in the eastern part of Assam.
In East Khasi Hills, 20 cases from abroad, 2 cases of ILI, 7 cases of soldiers and 4 cases of screening.
“On the border issue, we have taken action because we are here to provide services by fighting to resolve the problems faced by the residents of the state. “We will resolve all the issues that have been suffered for a long time,” he said.
Therefore, it requires a spirit of tolerance and an open heart to sensitize the society to protect it from being overwhelmed by the ideas of jali jaum and padiah without baiwai.
In this age, “the righteous ones themselves will come to the end,” while “the wicked ones will be honored and exalted by all.
“Jesus himself said that whoever wants to be his disciple must take up his cross and follow him. Leave the cross and what kind of cross shall we leave,” asked the Lyngdoh Sohblei to the faithful.
Priyanka Gandhi Vadra has refused to take over as the new Congress leader.
Under the Craftsmen Training Schemes, the department has trained 3275 youths during the three years from 2010 to
“Nupur Sharma has insulted the Prophet and now she is asking for forgiveness.
Only the BJP under the leadership of Narendra Modi, who has the courage and determination, has been able to get the Bill passed in both the Legislative Assemblies, which was unanimously passed by all.
“This shows the weakness of the mind and the desire to rule by force of the BJP and the RSS,” he said, pointing to the group that used to give power to the BJP. of the National Society of Volunteers (RSS).
When inquired from many of the staff of the hospital, they said that they don't know anything but they only see it in the newspapers.
Regarding the marriage laws, it will affect the administration of the Church, as the UCC will have only one law with the religions or churches that register marriages through the Christian Marriage Act as followed by the Presbyterian Church, Where the Pastor is the Marriage Officer, this shall also cease and the Pastor shall be only as the leader of the service while the Certificate of Registration shall be signed by the Magistrate.
During the meeting, the CEM promised that the JHADC has no intention of passing a bill related to the KHADC Bill. telephone to the CEM of JHADC, Madon Rymbai, Madon said that he did not promise anything in front of these women who came to meet him, or to say that he had no intention, but he said that when they came He said that the authority does not lie with him alone but with the Executive Committee and he will have to convene an EC meeting to discuss the matter.
The price of this drug is about T.50 per song and the seizure is about 2 kilos.
“Pakistan has declared itself a Muslim country and India, too, because it has separated on the basis of religion, should have been a Hindu country, but, it continues to be a country free of religion.
The six winners will qualify for the National Final and the winners with the highest points will be crowned the winners of the final and will receive a cash prize of 2.5 lakh tyngka. the Tata Crucible award.
In those same roads which have been cleaned up, if you look at the ground, there are many kinds of garbage which has been spread by the people who come to those places to see those garbage.
And the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? …….
The Secretary of the Village Ma Shan Nongtdu expressed her gratitude and appreciation to the Kner Da Jingieit for donating these items which are a great blessing to many families in the village.
Shillong, July 14: The BJP Meghalaya will support the amendment of the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution if the purpose is to strengthen the culture and traditions of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
The end will end after 1000 years and God will burn the earth with fire.
D under your supervision.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the President of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Bah Bantei Rumnong, said that the incident has been a disgrace to the Seng.
Many rural villages are suffering from the implementation of the JJM scheme because the water tanks have been built and the pipes have been ringed but the water has not yet flowed or reached the homes of the people.
I have ordered an inquiry into the incident,” she said.
He said that many people have explained that there will be mid-term elections in Mawkynrew and Sohra.
It was raining, but the pedestrians were standing on the road.
In the complaint, Pala said that the BJP's action is against S127A of the Representation of People Act,
On this occasion, the Kur also honored Dr. John L Sailo Ryntathiang for his contribution in the field of health.
On the other hand, Bah Sunesh said that 80 out of 100 players have been part of the team that reached the final of this tournament last year. some new young players on this team.
I know that there are billions of young men and women who have passed Hindi in our country and let us let them go, so that perhaps there will be a change.
The nun has now appealed to the highest church in Rome.
Pariat said that recently in a meeting with the Commissioner Secretary Education, he had made it clear that the increase in the honorarium from the state government budget is at the meeting of the state government ministers. “On the other hand, the Commissioner & Secretary of Education, said that they have now prepared a letter in which the state government will hold a meeting of the Cabinet in the next few days to decide whether to increase or decrease this honorarium.
It should bring back those who have left the party for reasons that make them leave and forget about the party.
Shillong: The BJP has no objection to the decision of five Congress MLAs to support the MDA government, as this will further destroy the stability of the Congress party.
Therefore, I have seen that every ethnic group in India has something to show that it has a strong relationship, but we the Khasi people do not.
Dharamveer Sharma, former Regional Director of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), claimed that the Qutb Minar was built by Raja Vikramaditya and not by Qutbal. -Din Aibak and Raja Vikramaditya, created this statue, to study the progress of the sun.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various sports competitions including the drawing competition on the theme “Pynneh pynsah iaka Mariang”, the traditional costume competition with the participation of boys and girls and other competitions.
However, the local football fans are not happy with the management and want to fight against it.
In the second half, T Khriam scored the second goal for Rising in the 89th minute to make it 2-0
“ Whatever the challenges are, we have tried to find ways to solve them.
J&K scored in the 50th minute but Meghalaya scored again through Fragrance Riwan (55', 80') and Da-ai-jingsuk Basaiawmoit (77').
The rocks we see in these parts are the oldest rocks, the rocks called Archaeans which we can see above in many places.
Mawlyngod: The President of the HSPDP East Khasi Hills, Bah Martle N Mukhim, who is an MDC, has strongly criticized the advocacy of the elders to give jait to men.
Members of the Seng Bhalang and CEM of Garo Hills have demanded this and no one is against it, as Bah Deng Shylla said above.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent, who did not receive an answer and explanation, refused to withdraw the resolution, which prompted the Lamphang to listen to the voices of many inside the house, and many expressed that they did not support this Resolution.
On Tuesday, Mawlynrei SC will play against Madan S&CC at 3:15 pm, while Umrynjah SC will play against Dilingiem YSCWA at 4:45 pm.
“We need our own land because the land is the basis of all existence.
“According to a statement by Bernard Marak, that this is because the prime minister is afraid of the 2023 election, it is wrong because the police will not do their job without getting proper information,” he said. state.
The students said that the incident on Monday night was not a coincidence, but the residents of the hostel have experienced violence on many occasions. the past tenses.
About halfway through this 3 kilometers on the right you can still see a retaining wall which is still standing and strong which shows the skill of the ancients to work with stone and also we can still see the shyngoid made of stone. they poured out water for the horses to drink.
They were riding in an Ertiga, the driver of the vehicle was also injured.
Shillong: U Disparsing Rani, an RTI seeker in the state, has alleged that the new building of the National People's Party (NPP) at Bivar Road has been constructed illegally without permission from the office. the Deputy Commissioner.
Therefore, there is an urgent need for us to turn once again to this new nature of human beings by shaping ourselves with true knowledge as we have been taught since childhood.
The deceased were identified as Khrawbor Pakma, who was also the driver of the scooty, and David Sajem, who was sitting behind the scooty.
The Hynniewtrep Women Welfare Organization (HW&DO) on Thursday conducted a training to raise awareness on the evils of child marriage and violence against women and children in Saphai village, West Jaintia Hills District. Students from different schools of the village and residents of Saphai participated.
This is an investigation into the life of SSR, whose life was involved in drug trafficking.
Shillong, March 30 : The telephone consultation on health issues is part of the efforts to assist patients living in the most remote parts of the state to access health services. This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma with the aim of ensuring that there will be no online learning during the COVID-19 pandemic. Meghalaya in June 2020 amidst the COVID-19 pandemic to connect patients with health facilities so that they can learn about the diseases they have which was previously only at district headquarters and also in the state capital.
He said that the NPP government is no different from the BJP, which we have witnessed with our own eyes while the North East is still opposed to the CAA, all the parties in the MDA government support it. The NPP party is the BJP's opponent of the BJP on the recent demarcation of the land by allocating all the land in Meghalaya. While he was the Chief Minister, he had sent documents to take away all the land that belongs to Meghalaya, but it was changed and the MoU was signed which gave tens of acres of land to Assam.
This includes the installation of new substations, the upgrading of existing ones, the installation of transformers, and the construction and replacement of thousands of kilometers of LT and HT Lines.
It is estimated that there are about 400 crore tonnes of sohphan produced in Meghalaya and there is a strong demand for sohphan around the world and therefore, there is a need to strengthen the sohphan cultivation, he said.
The strong appeal to the Churches especially to the Leaders, Judges and Leaders of the Churches is to follow exactly the teachings and examples of the politician of Jesus, because He was the great Politician. the world's largest.
A statement from the BSF said that during the raid, the traders managed to escape from the area by taking advantage of the weather and leaving behind the cows.
In Ri Khasi they came with the intention of asking for land to build roads but in Jaintia they came with the intention of winning and ruling.
Surprisingly, major diseases occur once every 100 years.
Poilangson Thawmuit scored 63 runs off 56 balls to help Laitjem CC win by eight wickets and at the same time win the Player of the Match award.
Shillong, June 27: The Central Government has selected Meghalaya for the cultivation of the Japanese Cherry Blossom.
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), Bah Louis Dohtdong, who accompanied the taxi drivers, said that the police have questioned the HNYM's lack of confidence in the law.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSA) will hold a meeting to elect the leaders of the MSSASA East Khasi Hills District Unit on the 24th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong. 10:30 am.
He also urged the people of Mawlai to come forward freely to express any problems they have, although he is no longer an MLA but in his small capacity he will try to help them.
The number of vehicles seized by JHADC from 1 September 2018 to 28 February 2019 was 22587. From March 30, 2019 to 30 June 2019, 14,687 vehicles were seized.
He said that many people talk only about development projects, but in this constituency it is not so because it is a constituency with many intellectuals.
He said that this festival of the Khasi Khara which is held once a year is a sacrifice to the Lord and to be remembered from time to time.
When asked whether his formation of the VPP was a ploy to take over from the Aam Aadmi Party (APP) in Delhi, Ardent said, “It is not that we have taken over from the AAP but The AAP has taken over the Clean Politics.
Julian Webber of Germany was the only player from Set A to reach more than 80m for the first time.
The farmers have strongly opposed Mukesh Ambani, who owns a Jio mobile, and Gautam Adani, who owns a Jio mobile phone. It has been agreed that they will receive a small amount of money from the Farmers Act of the Government of India.
The deceased were identified as Deimonmi Bhoi (18), Teilang Mynsong (23) and the driver Riki-o Lamare. Tripleson Laloo (16) and all of them are from Ummulong.
This will be an understanding to any people who take part in the celebration of Independence Day of India, if the government forces the people, it is impossible to plant a big bomb in public places especially in places where there are many people. They have been living together for 20 years, but Akshay Kumar still wants to make fun of his wife. Twinkle Khanna; when she wants to see her skills in filmmaking.
On the other hand, these elders expressed their happiness and satisfaction with the announcement and confirmation of the Prime Minister that the headquarters of the new district will be Sohra.
Shillong: Mizoram on Tuesday won the U-21 Men's U-21 final of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 today. today at the MFA Grounds, Polo.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) is continuing to conduct search and rescue operations in the village.
According to Bah Overwell Lyngdoh, one of the Rangbah of Kyndong Wahlang, the village has received two schemes for the construction of RC Cement motorable approach roads to two villages. one of the Catholic Church 350 meters worth more than T.8 lakh and another of the Presbyterian Church 200 meters worth more than T.5 lakh.
She has worked in many places and now she will be working in a new mission to be opened soon in Bodung, Roing Parish under Miao Diocese.
However, the deterioration of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and has embarrassed the government and the leaders who have not taken action.
Even in 2019, when the Assam police came to attack, she and her family members fought hard not to allow them to knieh ia the area, because the plants such as kait, ñiamtra trees, sying, phandieng and other plants were cultivated and how they came to claim that it was the land of the village.
All the candidates including the Congress, TMC, VPP, PDF, BJP and NPP have been invited. On the other hand, the NPP and BJP candidates have refused to attend for these reasons.
According to Bah Sohtun, after finding out about this, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has called a meeting and decided to oppose the NRC in Assam.
After that they take the nine members and put them in a clean cloth, it remains clean and they do what is necessary.
We the youth of Mawjarain village have a responsibility for the village and especially the area as a whole, because it is a loss of life for all those who use light whether it is for education, cooking or Many others, many people rely on light if it is (online services, studies, jobs and many other facilities) but now we the public rely on this department of light as we also rely on them and we always You pay your bill every month but you don't pay it.
The truck drivers said that there were no shops nearby and many shops were closed. They expressed their regret that the district authorities did not take action to inform them through the truck drivers. “Of course, we the truck drivers understand that this happens and we know that this is not the case with the poor truck drivers. However, to get no entry for other programs, you should inform yourself through social media because many shops are closed and there are far away places. “It's a problem for us truck drivers,” said the truck drivers who stopped at No Entry in Umtyra.
“If the government wants too much for the railway line, it has already accelerated the enactment of the ILP in the state, which has been a demand of the party since the 1980s and has not yet succeeded,” he said. especially in 2019 when all the leaders have accepted the ILP through a resolution in the Legislative Assembly,” said Lambokstarwell Marngar.
To women: rape, rape, and drunkenness.
It is in these days that he who calls himself a Christian or a believer must truly believe.
The following are the issues that the union has decided to discuss:.
At the end of the tournament, the East Khasi Hills District team won 11 gold, 11 silver and 10 bronze medals.
The tournament will also feature the participation of 10 teams which have been divided into two pools and the national team has been placed in Pool A in participation with the Pakistani, Japanese, Thai and Chinese teams.
KHNAM-YC has challenged this after receiving a complaint from some of the students of the college, as the college has scheduled to implement this from 1st November this year.
Sanbor said that if the BJP comes to power, many development projects will come to the state and the state will improve in many ways. “It means that milk and honey will flow into Meghalaya,” he said.
The purpose of the SPRRN to revive the 'Shad Sajer' is as part of the revival and remembrance of our own culture, which was led by the Longshwa Manshwa. The 'Shad Sajer' which is one of the most famous traditional dances not only in the Nongpoh area, but also in the district and the state as well. In the presence of Bah PN Syiem, CEM of KHADC as the Chief Guest, Bah W. Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship, Lyngdoh Raid, Rangbah Shnong, Parents, Youth and Children.
Meanwhile, Bah Robert Kharwanniang, former elder of the church, who conducted the meeting, said that in April this year there will be a big service on the occasion of the Golden Jubilee.
Conrad also informed that the state government has allocated Rs 344 crore under the Megh-Arise to protect the catchment areas in Shillong and Tura.
The NPP MLA met Rijiju in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation in Garo Hills on these issues.
Before the start of the match, various programs were held including a march pass, songs and dances, the ribbon cutting as a sign of the opening of the stadium and gallery, the flag raising ceremony of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee. The 3rd Mawkynrew Cup will be held in Mawkynrew Cup.
Earlier, at a public meeting, Bah Ardent said that he has employed poor people and he is happy to help the poor people who are suffering.
“We must be vigilant and follow the protocols that can prevent the spread of the disease,” he said.
The doctors, who were at the patrol post in Byrnihat, said that they had to flee the post for their own safety; However, the next night, they continued their work, with adequate protection, by the District authorities and denied that they had fled the area, because there were others. They also denied that there was any collection of money at the cattle farm.
Mawkyrwat, June 02: A family has suffered a tragic incident from a fire in Mawphansaw village, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday morning at 11 am. something while they are in the woods when no one is home.
He said that the KHADC, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the people did not know anything about the land grab by MUDA and it was done quietly and slowly against the voice of the people.
The BDO also urged the residents of Saipung C&RD Block to come to the office so that they can get more information about the schemes. They should register themselves with e-SHRAM and also register their names on their Aadhaar card.
What is incomprehensible is how the Government cannot run this department until it has given 25 years to the Company, that is, without signing the Franchise Agreement, which is suggested by the Chairman, who is also the Chairman. MD Power Department, Arun Kumar Khembhavi.
The meeting was attended by the Working President of Phulbari Constituency Dr. Don Kupar War, the Working President of Phulbari Constituency Albistone A. Sangma and other party office bearers.
MFA Turf-Polo, July 30: The boys and girls of H-Elias HS School who participated in the District Level Inter School Subroto Mukherjee Cup 2023 Under-17 category have reached the final. Two teams, men and women, won the semi final which was held on Saturday at the MFA Turf, Polo.
The Muaythai Association of Meghalaya (MMA) has selected 61 athletes to represent the state in the National Muaythai Championship to be held at SKR Engineering College, Nazarethpettal, Tamil Nadu from 26th to 30th of this month.
However, it is clear that human feeling alone cannot bring victory unless the people vote with love, trust and selfishness.
Talking about the films, Papon said: “Everyone knows my love for India and especially in the North East.
“I don't recognize the house where I was arrested...it wasn't until the police came that I saw his face because I was locked in a dark room,” said Hep.
As part of the celebration of Swachh Bharat, NEEPCO held a drawing competition at Divine Savior School in Laitumkhrah on Tuesday under the theme of cleanliness.
“The repeal of Article 370 has nothing to do with Article
However, saying something like the above will make your children feel uncomfortable about their decision.
Herein lies the greatest difference between man and beast.
Speaking on the occasion , the speakers also expressed many of the problems faced by the media due to the insult to the government including the non - payment of advertisement fees , the lack of assistance to the journalists when they face problems such as illness in their homes and other issues.
He was white, tall and very tall and was born in Spain.
The ceremony was conducted and organized by Dr. Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh who designed it to relate to the culture of the Hynniewtrep people.
In the dorbar tlang of the KHADC which started on 20th November, the MDCs from both the parties expressed their concern that other ethnic groups from other states in Meghalaya have received the same benefits as through the registration of Schedule Tribes (ST).
The Deputy Commissioner said that there are other private companies which have taken contract to repair and clean the NH-6 Malidor to Sonapyrdi and Sonapyrdi to Khliehriat, the union is surprised that the contractors have not started the work yet.
The time has come for the government department of education to take action for the welfare of this school and the students of Mynksan as a whole,” said Samla Garland Shadap Manner. , Education Secretary.
Albert Lyngdoh scored the first goal of the match in the 77th minute.
Referring to the tally of positive cases in Kari, India is one of the worst affected countries in the past few days as India has recalled until the end of April. ) The total number of cases has reached 30,000 but so far India has surpassed even the country where the number of cases has risen to 1.02 lakh in a few days. The nation lockdown has not been implemented but it has not been able to curb the spread of the disease in different parts of the country.
However, the MDA government in Meghalaya, once the order was issued from Delhi, immediately accepted it without thinking about the good or the harm to our students.
Police have lodged a complaint against nine persons while four of them are still on the run, said Sanjay Muwel CSP. , she had run away with her new boyfriend in the past few days and lodged a complaint with the police about her disappearance and after a search, she found her husband and called Mukesh shot the new boyfriend of his wife and then touched her hand and insulted her. two girls were also involved in the relationship.
Therefore, our Jaitbynriew needs to fight for the protection of its own Jaitbynriew so that it will not be overwhelmed by other high paid Jaitbynriew.
When asked about the existence of the District Council, he added, “The District Council is another strongest Government to look after the customs and traditions in our State...since the rule of law. The District Council should look after the issues, the Government should come later.
Shillong, March 25: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday praised Mawlynnong in his speech this morning at 11:00 am on All India Radio.
Shillong: The Heritage Committee of the Raid Shabong, Khyrim Syiemship, on Tuesday held a ceremony to honor and recognize the tour guides to the tourist attractions in Raid Shabong. This will be held on the 29th July 2024 at Lyngdoh Square, Rangthylliang.
Wellbon Lyngdoh, President of Seinriaj Mukhla, handed over the money to the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes.
Musk admits that he has a close relationship with his wife and she is still living at his home in California and they are caring for their one-year-old son together.
In Zone 1, there are seven teams divided into two groups, including East Khasi Hills, All Jaintia CA and Ri-Bhoi in Group A and WKH, SCA and Group A. In Zone 2, there is only one group which includes Tura District CA, North Garo Hills, East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
Latiplang said that tomorrow he will call the Sordar Shnong of Mawthabah who has given permission to the AMD to appear tomorrow at Mawthabah and he should explain why he gave permission and if he cannot The authority of your Sordar shall be revoked by the revocation of your Sanad as Sordar.
The team started the innings against Arunachal Pradesh by 172 runs before losing to Hyderabad by 81 runs.
Genesis 19:24.
At the same time, the Ministry of Home Affairs has noted an increase in the number of killings of civilians due to terrorism.
“However, we will see tomorrow at the hearing on this issue, and later you will see what steps will be taken by the State Government, not only the State Government but the Central Government. under the leadership of the Defense Estate Officer,” he added.
In the next match, Khimusniang won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 143 runs in 20 overs for the loss of 8 wickets.
These foods include a variety of foods including proteins, fats, carbohydrates and vitamins.
The story of Babel tells us that it was not in God's plan to have one power, one government, one language, one culture, one religion and one custom.
“We have urged the Council on the need to invite the people to give their opinions for the drafting of the Village Administration Bill,” said KSU President Daniel Khyriem. He met with CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Friday.
Mawlai SC will face Khliehmawlieh Youth Club in the semi final, while Rangdajied United, who won the second place in 2019, will face Shillong Lajong, who are still the champions of the MSL .
According to the report received from the test results, 25 out of 80 high risk persons have tested positive for the disease. their families were affected by this disease.
In recent months, it was held at Darang in Amlarem area which is a place that can attract tourists.
Jain said the Vatican has not only scattered Hindus around the world, but India as a country and the Christian churches have acted like slaves under the leadership of Hindus. kite that bor that outside.
“This loss of ticket of Bah Rani has angered the Congress supporters of Mairang constituency,” he said, adding that the ticket allocation was without proper consideration and the party relies on people who are myrsiang from the bottom to the top.
He will also be given the toilet used in the West to use.
If the government cannot curb the spread of fire, the firefighters must pass the law to punish or arrest the firefighters.
This shows that the Government of India does not value the voice of us the indigenous people of the State and the region as a whole.
According to the SDO Supply, during the distribution of ration at Nongbareh Rim, she said that according to the rules, if there is no dealer in the village to deliver the ration to the residents, it is their duty. The SDO Supply through the Inspector Supply has sent the office of the SDO Supply through the Inspector Supply to distribute the ration to the residents. 05.06.20 for 6 months from July to July so that the people will not be short of foodgrains especially the households, said a statement from the Secretary Unit Samla Subha Lamin.
It is for this reason that women have to dress well and not to ryngkoh klumar or to support each other in a clean marriage. Three places.
The names of the winners of the Meghalaya Day Awards 2023 were also announced.
Nongpoh, Nailar 23: U Bah Nebitson Kharlyngngai, resident of Umden Umsaitprah, today handed over a fully functional office. The Rangbah Shnong of the village has not yet received a proper office, which was built at a cost of 1.50 lakh.
You are a jar jar person.
If any person or Christian who has believed in the name of Jesus, if he will abide in that name of Jesus, and believe in the Word of God as it is written in the Bible, then whatever a person does pray, that it may be done according to your prayers.
This was announced by the company officials at the opening ceremony of the NaNo Taxi in the state, held today at Shillong Club.
I am not talking only about Mahajan or this election, but I am talking about the whole ground.
Here we understand that the British as the rulers of the country have used the divide and impera policy and it is through this policy of ethnic division that they have tried to mislead us the children of us. Hynniewtrep and especially in those places where they have ruled, this bad attitude has been introduced and it has been seen that until now there are still some who do not understand that we are one Khasi nation in front of India. broad.
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi and Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar were unable to attend.
If you count the cost of transporting goods from the forest or the fields, the cost of transportation is completely lost.
These villages since the State got its own State have not turned their attention to these villages which are tens of kilometers away from the urban areas and especially to Garo Hills which has put the people in trouble. and in the shyngkan itself besides the fact that the patients have to walk long distances and besides the road is bad and very difficult to walk.
He said the Central Government believes that the full development of the country can be achieved only through the inclusion of all the languages ​​of the country and has included them in the new National Education Policy (NEP). that children should not be taught in the mother tongue.
The President of the union, Bah M.Bynnud, said that they have no other choice if they want to continue their education – the only way for them is to study in the Arts Stream.
Mawkyrwat, June 10: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Affairs, Meghalaya and MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency today inaugurated the celebration of the The 25th Silver Jubilee of the SSSM was held at Mawpyllun Square, Mawten, South West Khasi Hills District.
There were also those who alleged that the meeting was intended to be held in a hurry and was intended to force the land owners to sign by sending signatures. He said that the meeting should be held in a central and large place to ensure that the people can express their views.
On the other hand, the HITO alleged that the District Councils have received T.567.71 crore for the Central Grant in the year 2015-2 The ADCs have spent only T.302.13 crore or 53 percent of the money they have received.
Before the opening ceremony, a special prayer was offered by Ma SC Laloo MCS in the presence of the members, office bearers of Tympang Club, villagers and relatives of (L) Larsingh Khyriem.
Afterwards, a greeting from the secretary of the club.
“The increase in crime has increased the number of passers-by in the villages and the criminals have been able to walk freely because there are no witnesses to arrest them. Bah Nongrum congratulated Bah Ransom who offered to donate these CCTV cameras to the village.
In addition, another provision is that there shall be no change in the constituencies allocated to women after the reorganization of the constituencies or after the completion of the delimitation.
“I have already explained to the religious leaders that it is not the intention to bring casinos in Shillong but in places near Guwahati,” he added.
The most general problems faced by farmers are as follows: First: The high price of agricultural products has caused a lot of difficulties for farmers to meet their household needs. They are cheap but in the long run many of the agricultural products are cheaper than other commodities.
He also recalled the childhood days when Bah Paul Lyngdoh used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor, and later as a young leader of KSU he remembered Bah Daminot J Wankhar and Kong Adlyne Khonglam who used to listen to the songs of Bah Tanbor. sing in the songbook of the organization, and this time they have received an award.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said the new cases include 382 from Kamrup Metro, 294 from Kamrup Rural, 250 from Dibrugarh and 200 from Nagaon.
After the insects had eaten all the leaves of the kwai trees in the area, they tried to destroy the plants near the kwai fields.
These youths who were honored on the occasion include Apshai Griffith and Ridor Griffith.
The Government of India on Tuesday issued an order to increase the road tax on petrol and diesel by T.8 per liter and the excise duty by T.2 per litre. petrol and T.5 for diesel.
Therefore, in the next session of the Dorbar, in consultation with the Lamphang, we will be able to decide when it will be held,” he added.
Sanbor said that Hamlet should not be afraid, but he will implement the schemes well and he is ready to help to ensure that the jobs should be employment opportunities and if there is any job Priority should be given to the people of the state, not to the people from outside the state.
How much more so if it belongs to the family in the field of any kur or jait which belongs only to that family.
Mawthadraishan Mountain is one of the highest mountains in West Khasi Hills District and the second highest mountain in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. within the State of Meghalaya as a whole.
He said that the smuggling and consumption of drugs in these areas has started to encourage both the drinkers and even the sellers because most of these incidents are without any reason. in front of people or even families to ask for help and create ways and means how to help for their children who have become addicted to this drink.
Furthermore, Bah Metbah said that it is a great opportunity for the students to receive such assistance from the government free of charge.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Bikson Roy Mawrie President of the Kur Youth Association. The opening prayer was offered by Mama Romeo Mawrie, President of the Kur Women's Association. President, a briefing on the work of the Kur Dorbar by Bah Johnystar Mawrie General Secretary and a speech on the topic by Fr (Dr) Barnes Mawrie SDB Adviser. Lucy Mary Mawrie, General Secretary, Women's Association, gave a welcome speech.
The one who laughs is the one who laughs last.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle in collaboration with the authorities of 52 villages in Shahlang area will hold a mass march against the existence of coal mining factories in Shahlang area. .
She was admitted to the Civil Hospital on 22nd November 2020 and as she suffered from shortness of breath, she was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital. The RTPCR test tested positive for Covid-19, but on Friday night, the woman died of the disease at the hospital.
The Minister said that he will soon convene a meeting, and added that a meeting will be held within the government within this month to read and review the documents to get a clear understanding of the the order of the Court.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Government of Meghalaya will set up a department to look after the construction of houses outside the boundary of MUDA within 50 sq km of MUDA. the Shillong Master Plan.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 2: Several suppliers who have registered for the supply scheme under the PMMSY scheme of the Ministry of Fisheries, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the opening of quotations. has been filed for the scheme, due to the violation of the rules and deadlines by the department.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jalaphet Unit has congratulated the Waheh Chnong of Jalaphet East Jaintia Hills District for his willingness to admit his mistake by deciding to withdraw the approval. “Everyone makes mistakes, but being quick to apologize and quick to understand your mistakes is the most important thing,” he said. Samla E Chyrmang President of KSU Jalaphet Unit.
The Man of the Match was won by Samla Sheeng Sahktung of Turiap FC while the Player of the Tournament was won by Samla Poibiang Pohshna.
AIUDF leaders who met the Bihar Chief Minister included Badruddin Ajmal, Mankachar MLA Aminul Islam, Sonai MLA Karim Uddin Barbhuiya and Dhubri MLA Nazrul Haque.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday evening raided drug users and arrested several drug users from the parking lot of muda , keating road and other roads.
She said that she has asked for more money to increase the price because of the delay in completion, which has increased the price of tires over time.
There are those who just want to take advantage of the opportunity to earn money, there are those who really want to work but most of the time they don't get the chance because the people are more interested in playing and entertaining.
Khliehriat, July 26 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat District, today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of June,
The song was produced by EBK-SUTNGA_STUDIO and the DJ Remix was released by RMB Music @RMBMusicProduction.
The researchers said that scientists have found that some people, who have pyrjong, are able to touch their skin and there are others, who do not go for blood transfusions.
According to a statement from the Chairman of SPBM, John F Kharshiing, the board has received information from the BDOs. cards don't open accounts and their bill money is sent directly to the account of the VEC but the problem they face is that the VEC cannot withdraw all of them because the money has been withdrawn. only once a month.
Then Jesus looked up at the tree and saw the man.
In another incident, a truck driver was seriously injured when a truck coming from behind collided with him. which you are.
There will be those who will form football teams, temporary teams to work for the community, teams to hold beauty contests, teams to hold essay writing competitions, song competitions, dance competitions and there will also be groups that take advantage of the opportunity to hold prizes for those who pass well.
Expressing his concern that the spread of false news could lead to ethnic tensions in the State, he urged the people to refrain from spreading the video on social media.
The 16 trucks and drivers who have been charged include
“Yes, parents have helped their children to learn but they need to give them time to fulfill their duties properly,” said one teacher.
“Before it reaches this point, the government should call for talks with Bah Ardent immediately because what he demands is right so that we can get the rightful share as a Khasi people," he added.
A woman who was riding in the vehicle was also arrested.
The question now is, what kind of students have these teachers who have been suspended produced in the last 8 or 10 years?
Exercises such as walking for at least half an hour in the morning and half an hour in the evening, yoga exercises and stretching the legs every hour will relieve the muscles and tissues.
It is wrong to say kam-poh-?ing as used in the Khasi newspapers, because it is a translation of the word synlar from the English.
The villages which have used this road include from Khyndewso to Kyrdem, Klew, Mawbsein and so on to Bhoirymbong.
The Land Port is located on an area of ​​23.0 acres.
Many organizations and parties have demanded the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act,
Rescuers have rescued a strange white limb from a tree at Golk Link, Shillong.
The BJP government, under Atal Bihari Vajpayee, contested elections in 2004 on the basis of a shining India, but failed to do anything at that time.
Regarding the statement of Ardent M Basaiawmoit to the media that it is the UDP's fear of the HSPDP in the 2018 elections, Sumer said it was surprising. “We cannot accept that his words show that they are childish words”.
“He also congratulated and encouraged the Primary Unit Jowai Constituency, a constituency which has the honor of working hard to achieve its goal.
To establish a farmers' association to look after the agriculture sector in the constituency.
SBI employees including officers have demanded the release of Subodh Kumar Mishra, an employee of the bank's Gasuapara branch, Garo Hills, who was abducted on the 5th of this month.
Nongpoh: Taking into account the plight of the Khasi Longkmie, who are also shopkeepers along the NH-6 in Umiam, who have been facing harassment from time to time by the authorities of NHAI and MeECL , The office bearers of the HYC, Ri Bhoi District, today visited the shopkeepers and also to inspect the shopkeepers. MeECL and NHAI have no basis at all and there is nothing wrong with these Khasi Longkmie shops in this area.
Candidates are not yet available, they are not available...Finishing.
The minister today announced to the public through Twitter that he has contracted the disease and said that he has gone for testing because he suspects that he has symptoms of the disease.
The Khasi clan is the most important part of our lives.
?" Niakha said. "Yes Niakha..." Rida replied. "Then you have finished your exam.
Meghalaya turned the tide through Brolington Warlarpih who scored the equalizer in the 7th minute.
FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle led by President Michal Chyrmang together with FKJGP-Jaintia Zone led by Marhok Kynti Marboh Vice President and FKJGP-EJH on 10th June 2013 held a trade license inspection. trading licence, labor license in Ladrymbai and Dkhiah West areas where they found that many shops and workplaces of foreigners do not have proper documents.
Kong Queen Mary Rymbai – Joint Secretary UDP Women’s Wing State
As we have seen, this plant has a special ability to serve us.
According to the DGP, the GNLA under the leadership of Area Commander West Command Baichung and Jarek had attacked the police and this shows that they were operating in Tebronggre area two days ago. that they may come down.
" Lok didn't speak again.
He said that as the people's leader of the area, although the elections are near, he does not want to raise the issue for the safety and security of all.
When asked about the strength of the Council in relation to areas such as the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) for the demarcation, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem said that it is not a strong Council but the raids and the kingdom is strong, and the earth is strong.
These three districts are Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar and Vadodara.
The lack of police patrols on the bridges in Sonapyrdi, especially on the bridges of the Lukha River, has forced drivers especially those driving heavy vehicles to park their vehicles on the bridges in the Lukha River. and this parking of heavy vehicles can cause damage to the bridge and if this parking is broken or damaged it will cause problems to the people of the area and the state of Meghalaya as a whole, because it is only this parking. which connects Meghalaya with other neighboring states in the North East, and it is also on this road that vehicles carrying goods pass through every day to deliver goods. This bridge on the Lukha River is also part of the National Highway 6 in East Jaintia Hills. District.
Regarding the threat of Bah Ardent who said that he will find out which Hima is involved in the Dorbar ki Khlieh Nongsynshar, and will punish them according to the law, Bah John said that they will not be punished according to the law. They are threats that have no meaning but are only for the destruction and violation of human rights.
According to police, the suspects shot dead a light-emitting diode (LED) bulb in the hospital and it was in Dr Sandy's vehicle parked on the ground floor of Sanker. don't be afraid.
According to the legends of the ancients, this place in the Lummawtnum area of ​​Mawtawar is said to be the abode of the gods, where the ancients worshiped the Lummawtnum.
The rwai ka siaw is one of the favorite songs of the people and has existed since ancient times but even in large government meetings, most of the time the government uses foreign music but These traditional songs are the traditions of the nation.
Along the way, coal trucks were slowly moving because of the robbery.
The delegation was led by Chairman Syntar Klas Sun, Chairman of the Committee. to inspect the Treatment Plant and the Water Treatment Plant at Mawphlang.
However, this allegation could not be confirmed even though the examination of the students is nearing its end.
The daily fire in the border areas has caused problems especially to the school children who are preparing for various examinations, the report said and therefore requested the MDA Government not to “They have insulted the villages living in the border areas, because it is their right and they have paid a very high price,” said a statement from Bah Lasting Pala Waheh Shnong and Ma Nicholas Lyngdoh Secretary Village Umkiang.
If implemented, this Sub Center located in Mawkhyrwang Village will be one of the Sub Centers that will look after, benefit or benefit the six villages namely Mawtangden, Nongnam, Mawkhyrwang, Mawbri, Mawsaiñ and Lum Please.
However, on October 12, 2024, his body was found in a field about 500 meters from the liquor shop.
The Election Committee of Saw Raid was headed by Bah Hilarius Pyngrope.
Despite the requests of the BSF troops to stop the photography, the man did not listen to their request.
It is learned that the loss of her right to visit the place is due to her traditional dress, which is like the Nepali community, which has deprived her of the right to visit the place.
“Last year we requested your office to forgive the students from Meghalaya to avoid CUET through a letter to DO CM /PER-UM /2022 /48 dated 25th June
Live for peace Live for peace.
After the Mass, thousands of Catholics took part in the procession on the main road.
As one of the former teachers, Babu Teibor Shanpru, said that the decline in education and other fields, even in the state, is due to the lack of attention from the youth. , they received absolutely no encouragement.
The film will continue to be screened at Bijou Cinema this month and is expected to continue for two days as many people continue to come and support.
He said this is an allegation from 2017 and it is still pending in court.
Shillong: The All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF) has taken part in a month-long strike in Delhi to demand the rights of teachers.
These words Jesus spoke to the Samaritan woman, because the Jews refused to listen to Jesus.
“As soon as you pay the money to the grateful, you will not receive any more information from the grateful.
After this meeting, another meeting will be held in Guwahati on the same issue in the presence of the Governments of both the states.
Earlier, the age limit was 32 years, from 27 years for public candidates; but now, it has been extended to 37 years of age.
As of 15.9.2021.317 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 9 people have died and the death toll has risen to 1278 in the state.
Now is the end, THE END of these things on earth when Jesus threw DEATH INTO THE LAKE OF FIRE. Revelation 20:1
Drinking water There are still many villages and townships that do not have access to drinking water.
Just under 6 o'clock everyone was awake.
Shillong, June 6 : The political battle between the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader Dr Mukul Sangma and the National People's Party (NPP) leader Conrad K Sangma has started. Conrad Sangma on Tuesday visited Dr Mukul Sangma's palace in Ampati and announced that Ampati Degree College will be included in the People's College Grant in Aid Scheme of the state government.
The Assam police have entered the Meghalaya border and forcibly stopped the contractor, Ma Friday Hinge and ordered the contractor to stop immediately from the construction of the bridge. The DC of West Karbi Anglong District has not yet received an order.
With this defeat, Lajong are now in fourth position with 16 points from nine games.
The incident was not over the two lane road, but over the sudden arrival of officers of the Atomic Mineral Division in Wahkaji village, which has also angered the protesters. tih Uranium, that these AMD personnel came with the intention of mining uranium in Mawthabah, because these AMD personnel, they also brought with them equipment such as drill machines and others. .
When we turn to the manners, the language, the dress, the food, the drink, the walking, the standing, the work and other areas.
However, the Bapli have been misunderstood and misled by the false teachings of the teachers of the street schools.
They had a fear that uranium mining would cause tuberculosis but this is not true,” said Singh.
Shillong, Nailur 23: A 52-year-old man from Lumbalang village of Malki village, has been shot dead by the driver and follower of the SPTS government vehicle. They were driving a vehicle number ML
You can belong to any party, it doesn't matter but don't make this a political issue because those 18 villages and which we are going to add four more villages fall under Block II; that is, they now fall under Assam, and the negotiations will begin.
They said that the MDCs as leaders who look after the welfare of the people should complete it as soon as possible and if the council is silent it shows that there is something behind it. sent the report of the previous session.
“It is wrong to say that the state government has passed this law to protect only me.
Vicky Dey's remarks may cause ethnic discrimination and may also endanger the youth of the State who are studying at various levels outside the State as well as those who work abroad. Sambormi Lyngdoh President EJNC (EJNC) has issued a statement on social media appealing to his supporters to shoot and kill the Khasi people in other states. The EJNC has sent a complaint to the Director General of Police to take action against Vicky Dey. He said that the EJNC has exposed the illegal activities and intentions of Vicky Dey. to create ethnic or religious differences in India and to admit that Bengalis living in the State are being discriminated against and attacked.
Perhaps we can say that Charles Marngar is exactly like those Muslims, except that he is a Christian.
The Director of JHDS, Jowai Diocese, after receiving information about this, Father Manbha Pakem and staff of JHDS, visited Lapangap on the 2nd of this month. The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDC) has found about 50 households affected by the cold weather.
K.Kyndaid In the state of Meghalaya there are three ethnic groups, the Khasi, the Garo and the Jaintia.
“The Meghalaya government should immediately withdraw the petition against the Lokayukta's order so that the investigation into corruption and coal smuggling can continue,” he said.
Speaking to media, FTCCM Secretary Daniel Khongsit said that the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs today was to show that only 250 trucks have been allowed in the FTCCM. The daily export of goods to Bangladesh has created problems for the traders as they cannot meet the demand of the buyers from Bangladesh.
As citizens, it is a difficult fact to understand (I have also commented on this in my book 'Golden Meghalaya' to be published soon.
