AIFF Secretary General Shaji Prabhakaran said the Argentine Football Federation had informed the AIFF authorities, but it was not easy to hold the tournament because it had to be supported by the Argentine Football Federation. strong in terms of funding for this friendly match.
Children and youth were explained how to know the rules of driving, the dangers of drugs and other evil deeds from the internet.
Speaking to media, KP Pangniang said that the General Council will hold a meeting in June to elect new office bearers of the party.
Whether you are a farmer, a day laborer or an office worker.
The President/Secretary of various Seiñkhihlang, Kyntu, 12 Daloi, Latymphu, Kongwasan Chyrmang, and others were present at the ceremony. Government from the district who attended the meeting included C.Syrti Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District and others.
Bah Laloo expressed his regret over the land holding without proper investigation and alleged that the JHADC is well aware that the land is under tax.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Working President of the KHNAM, Bah Adilbert Nongrum, in a statement released today, said that Anthony Kharbuli is not a strong member of the KHNAM. but he is a man who is responsible for the life and death of the people.
On the other hand, Kong RM Kurbah announced on this occasion by saying; “The cleaning of this river shows the power of cooperation among the residents.
There is no bright nation on this earth, which does not have its own customs, and the Khasi child from Rilang to Kupli and from Brahma to Surma cannot repay his father, the kulong. the kumah who has established the customs, from generation to generation, shall respect them and live on these foundations which have been established by their ancestors.
It is learned that the Kuki militants abducted the youths on Saturday evening while they were traveling in an autorickshaw.
According to the order signed by Bah T.Dkhar Commissioner and Secretary, Ministry of Mining and Geology, no coal will be allowed to be transported from the mine or from a suitable mining area. to the court that sla.
From this bridge, the residents of the area go to Namdong PHC to get medicine on foot, said Deimonmi Tang.
The virus has infected 1,846,963 people and killed 114,101 people, according to the Johns Hopkins University Tracker.
On the other hand, the Working President of the UDP said that the MDC election has been going smoothly and the State Election Committee (SEC) has met several times.
H.Elias Higher Sec School, Nongthymmai 38.
When going to renew their mobile number, please bring only your Aadhaar, valid mobile number and come in person at the Aadhaar registration centres.
Therefore, the people should elect an MP who knows how to speak for the border in Parliament and not a coward and a fool. come.
The GSU has also expressed its feeling that the GHADC is only for the Garo community and therefore the GHADC should not allow other communities to contest the MDC elections. Shillong, Naitung 15: The Confederation of Indian Affairs (CHADC) has also introduced a proposal by the Jaiaw MDC to ban other ethnic groups and Garo from contesting MDC elections in the KHADC. Bhoi People has given 15 days to the Amrit Company , a cattle farming company , to clean up the garbage and improve the roads , water supply and others affected by the construction of the company projects.
The workshop began with a presentation on the status of flower cultivation in Meghalaya by the Ministry of Agriculture and discussions were held on flower crops, from planting methods to marketing.
However, they thought that they were the trucks sent by the contractor and did not ask anything, but later they were accused that the mawria were carried away by the residents of the area.
The vice-chairperson of the Commission, Gamchi Marak, said that they have not been able to verify whether these women are really prostitutes.
According to sources, the shops selling wait, Mohkhiew, dohsyiar, Supari and others were destroyed by the fire.
The Deputy CM of Meghalaya, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dkhar, has congratulated those who have been given the opportunity to mine coal and at the same time urged others who have not yet been given the opportunity to be successful in this. on the other hand, the government will allow them to do the same.
Sangay said the last talks took place in 2010 and till now there have been no talks.
Barcelona goalkeeper Lionel Messi missed the match due to a right arm injury.
He replied that the general notice for the cut off of light is under Section 56 of the Electricity Act
One of the examples in this regard is, when the Assam police heard and saw that the Khasi wanted to hold this festival in Ummat bran bran they came to investigate.
Shillong: The submission of forms for the mid-term elections in Shella by the Congress will end today.
That is why one has to think twice.
It is also true that the hearts of women are more sensitive to their fellow human beings than those of men in general.
Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you.
After receiving a tip, police together with Umsning Police Station seized an Alto rong iong (ML05K 0314) with two passengers. people.
Shillong, Naitung, 22: The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) on Saturday urged the Central Government and the Manipur Government to arrest and punish all those involved in the cleanliness of the country. two women in Manipur, which is currently in the midst of bloodshed and fierce clashes between the Kuki and Meitei communities.
Besides, the main custom and religion of the Assamese is Bihu which is respected by all the ethnic groups living in the state.
To mention a few of the prominent, it can be said that in this age, children no longer respect or respect the elders in all these matters.
He has acted in 350 films and has been acting until
Ukraine says the commander of the 4th Panzer Division committed suicide after finding that only one of the 10 tanks he was supposed to inspect was working. I'm sorry, don't shoot yourself.
The funds have also been released to the Districts and Block to disseminate public announcements through the newspapers.
There is no need to talk about those who have gastric diseases who have almost everyone and even if they are wrong or lack food, they go to the toilet immediately without being allowed to go.
On the 20th July 2020 we have seen the news that there has been a clash between the leaders of Raidmynsaw and the Hima Nongmynsaw in Langpih area.
The President said that the well-being and holistic development of women and children is the hallmark of a developed society.
Heavy rainfall has also caused floods across the state and roads have collapsed in many places.
When asked how many candidates have taken the examination from the state, he said that there are more than 4700 candidates from 82 centers of NIOS. There are about 110 or 120 teachers who have been trained according to the size of the center but in the resolution he said that from one center only 3 or 4 teachers have passed.
Those arrested by the police are also those who have been involved with her in youth activities.
In a letter to the government through the Secretary Transport on Friday, Marak requested to provide security for the MTC buses running from Shillong, Tura and Williamnagar.
Stressing on the need to strengthen the Government, especially after the people of Ri-lum Khasi have given a strong decision regarding the election of leaders, she said, “ When I think of all, the various political parties should decide together to lead the State...we cannot be slow in terms of economic development and progress of the State and for the sake of the State. We must work together and move forward towards the same goal.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The BJP has decided to introduce a formula in Meghalaya like it did in Goa where most of the leaders belong to the Catholic Church. Meghalaya is the state with the largest number of Christians.
He said the railway line to Meghalaya is essential for rapid economic development as the North East is lagging behind.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice on 28th November 2021 to hold the mid-term elections across India as well as in Meghalaya.
This is true and happens even in the marriage of the children which was also according to the arrangement of their mothers.
“Sometimes it is the reason of the teachers,” said the father, “because there are those who are not interested but are forced to leave”.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that the project is for the construction of various eco-tourism facilities in Meghalaya.
“We are not the first to discover this form of COVID-1
He said the government's action is not appropriate but it should prepare in other ways.
In democracy, the word “Yes, Lord” does not empower the people.
The shad started at 1 pm from the Khasi Seng Mawkhar to the Weiking Shad.
Explaining about the measures to provide further training to the unskilled manufacturers, Patel said that during the training, T.500 per day will be given to the manufacturers. that the Government will assist in the display, distribution and marketing of the products.
Acknowledgments9.
The training program was also attended by Giri Prasad, Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi College, EC Benny, Police Chiefs, Teachers and Youth. I went to the College.
The Doctor told us about the strong species of animals that are not recognized in classrooms.
This is not the first time that a stone has been thrown into the area.
After the meeting, the Chairman of MCCL, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, said that the Prime Minister has promised to send a financial assistance of T2 crore every three months to the employees of MCCL.” "We have met with the Prime Minister to inform them about their salaries and they want to promise that the government will provide T.2 crore per month," he said. said.
Grace M Kharpuri MDC Nongskhen Constituency has donated 14 Solar Street Lights and Public Address Systems to Nongskhen Village on Thursday.
Ritsu Doan scored for Japan in the 48th minute and Ao Tanaka in the 51st minute, while Alvaro Morata scored for Spain. 11th minute.
He said that they have arrested four persons whose names have not been revealed and they are the villagers.
He said that the AITC's claim that the state government has received up to Rs 1005 crore for the project is not true.
Shillong, Naitung : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District has informed the ration consumers of the district and the PMGKAY scheme for the households under the NFSA (AAY and PHH). ) for the previous month of July as well as the atta for the previous month of July was released through their ration distribution shops.
However, according to sources, the Rangbah Shnongs have taken this announcement as an implementation of the first decision, while other decisions have already been taken. They said that if the demands and wishes of the workers are satisfied, they will announce other decisions which they have already announced in the list and the remaining. just to announce it.
Instead of building electricity projects, which will destroy the future of the river, the two organizations suggest to the government to improve the roads, footpaths, toilets and so on. ter ter along this river, so that the tourism industry will grow rapidly and the future of the youth will be employed and to provide schemes to the people especially the youth to set up businesses in the field of tourism company.
(c) The ceremony and distribution of these religious objects shall be performed without the involvement of hands or body. family members, correspondents etc.) including invitees shall not exceed a shipowa from the number of seats in the place of worship. provided:(a) The number of persons attending the last service shall be according to the size of the place of worship and there shall be only one hundredth of the number of seats.
Shillong Lajong FC scored the first goal of the match when Hardy Cliff Nongbri scored the first goal in the 68th minute. team to score three points today.
After hearing the complaints of the residents , the reporter went to see for himself and found that the residents were walking along the road with their heads and faces covered. too much of a jigsaw puzzle.
The total number of cases has risen to 8255, the total number of deaths so far has risen to 524 and the number of recoveries has risen to 24,3
The entire village has expressed its regret over this incident and especially the school children have had to use mombati to complete their school work.
The value of a person is only sure if he is ready to sacrifice his life for the principles he stands for (Convictions).
Jain University of Karnataka, which is still the champion of the tournament, has continued to improve its medal standing in the medal table at the end of the ninth day. this is the tournament.
The issue of the District Council in Garo Hills has been raised this month not only because of allegations of corruption and non-payment of salaries to its employees for more than two years, However, the tenure of the MDC has come to an end.
Perhaps that beginning of ours cannot happen immediately, but it will last for generations.
The idea is that the vehicle should be parked at the place where it ends in Guwahati and then the driver will come to Khlieh Iewduh, where there will be someone to collect the money.
“To promote sports in the state.
When I say 'shen', I don't mean six months and I don't mean years, but it won't be long before we get 100 percent of the Government jobs in Meghalaya, because the Garo people The demand for the separation of the state has been demanded by the Garo Hills Sengbhalang and no one has opposed it. Even the Government of Conrad Sangma has been silent. Silence means consent (when you listen to a subject, you don't have consent).
Ardent urged the political party leaders who joined the VPP today, that the party does not encourage them to talk about the elections which have been slow and low prices. For example, “There is one who is happy to sit on the bus, while the one who is not happy says no, because in the heat it is cold”.
Mahajan scored 6/5, Debasmita Dutta 2/8, Riticia Nongbet 1/7 and Pinky Chanda 1/7 and J&K lost by 29 runs in 17.3 overs.
Just what not to say to not like to drink.
“I have made it clear from the beginning that until we have resolved the concerns of many, we will not do anything by force because of course development is necessary but it should be “We will take the opinion of everyone and we will talk to various groups and we will see how we can move forward,” he said.
Even Ithmula, however, cannot help but feel sorry for such a people, who are no different from the Palestinian people of Gaza.
These 300 nurses are to compete for 75 vacancies. Earlier, these nurses failed to take the examination and demanded that they should be appointed. Seniority but after the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare wanted them to take an examination so that the job would be clean, they accepted the decision not to take the examination, but the mistake In the announcement of the names, it has led them to reject the examination.
He said that Meghalaya will become one of the top 10 states in the country by 2032, when the state will celebrate its diamond jubilee. is to be among the top 10 States in terms of GDP and economic growth.
The KSU appeals to its members in Khanduli and Lapangap to be wise and vigilant to avoid any tragic incident.
Orange Nissan General Manager Khongwir said that so far 128 people have booked their vehicles in the state.
After you have understood, don't let it stay with you, focus on other good things and make the decision to learn more about these things and what can help you fight any struggles you face. .
However, before they reached the scene, the West Khasi Hills Police led by SDPO Mawshynrut I.Kharkongor, Circle Inspector Nongstoin D. Mawleiñ and Goalon were present. Sangma OC Langpih together with the State Police including the S-F-10 Police have banned the Assam Police from visiting the temporary residence of the Meghalaya Police. They also clarified that it is not a police station but a temporary residence for the police patrolling the village.
What is more shocking and frightening is that the Prime Minister spoke for three hours to answer questions which surprised him. Is it because he wants to show his power or because he doesn't allow other ministers to do their part?
Meghalaya has the intention and desire to hold more such games in the coming years.
“If the government had taken action on this, the number of street dogs would have been controlled in four years,” he added.
To avoid the damage to the bridge, all coal trucks are requested to temporarily not pass through the road.
K.Ryngkhlem cut a cake to celebrate the 10th Anniversary of the VO of Umlynsha. The program was conducted by I.Suchiang.
I don't want to blame the government for the failure of the government to deal with the Covid-19 pandemic in the state, but the only thing I see is that the Covid-19 rules are working hard only for the government. small and rich, poor and happy, not to the rich, the poor, the lyndan, the big kpoh, the big snier.
For Rangdajied, Donboklang got another chance in the 69th minute from a corner from Chalieu.
Even though the village of Umkiang has lodged a complaint with the DC, SP East Jaintia Hills District, the BSF has not respected the village or the law.
Off spinner Kishlay Vishlux scored 2/10 in 6 overs while Avinash Rai scored 2/17 in 7 overs before the break.
Sir thank you for your message.
He said that parents should refrain from sending their children to work in public places and urged the elderly to refrain from going out in public places.
Adilbert Nongrum said that in fact we should not condemn the NGT but we should condemn ourselves, and we should not be misled by the deaths of the poor. Has our nation ever had those farmers to go to another state like other nations? Do the poor have no other way to survive except from coal? Let us shout with one voice that we don't want the development of the country to destroy the future,” said the KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw.
The KSU officials said that the KSU sends a strong warning to those who try to bring in foreign workers without proper documents.
In 2013, Timothy lost again to Salseng from Resubelpara, but in the 2018 and 2023 elections, he was re-elected as MLA. The Protem Speaker has been sworn in twice in 2018 and 2023, where he has also sworn in the newly elected Members of the Legislative Assembly.
But now we will pay with what especially when the bank related activities are more detailed and binding.
He won the Serie A title for Milan in 1968 before taking part in the European Cup in
It is alleged that he threatened the child if she told anyone.
Meanwhile, the report will soon be submitted to the State Election Committee (SEC), which will take the final decision on the selection of candidates for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies.
Your disease is like TB.
The last meeting between the BSF-BGB Border Coordination Conference was held from 17th to 21st November last year in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
There have been meetings in Manipur and Delhi to discuss how to end the conflict, but we have not seen any change on the ground.
The reason why this is so common among us Khasi, is because many parents die in the middle of the day.
Shillong: The State Government on Tuesday declared a public holiday in condolence over the passing away of former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
He said that the proposers who want to implement the Ganol project say that it is too low.
He warned the people not to be selfish, as the old advice says and urged the youth and the elderly to refrain from acting without rain as it will bring destruction to their lives.
In this regard, the police have identified the robber involved in the incident, and the investigation to arrest him is ongoing and a complaint has been registered at the Umiam Police Station.
Because the Bible writers did not include the name of the first woman, many young Bible readers do not understand when they read Gen. 1:27 and 2:2
However, it is difficult to fight because we Khasi still know that counting.
In addition, Matt often referred to Jimmy as a bad person who needed to get out of his life.
The entire city of Shillong has been closed during the curfew hours from 4 pm to 5 pm. Security forces have been deployed around the city this night.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The FKJGP Pynursla has called for the landslide in the areas where the Shillong-Dawki road is under construction. have risk as a precaution to avoid any damages or unpleasant incidents.
China has withdrawn from the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in eastern Ladakh, but has not yet withdrawn from parts of the Pangong Tso Dam and from the Pangong Tso Dam. Gogra Post.
It is to be recalled that the HYC Maweit Circle on 27th June 2019 marched from Maweit to Nongstoin, to protest against the neglect and backwardness of the HYC Maweit Circle in all aspects, especially the The government has promised to demand a two-way road from Nongstoin-Maweit-Kulang-Nongjri which is only 75km long.
About 1,850 acres of land were taken over and cultivated by Indo-Fijian farmers and the coup by the Fijian army in 1987 put the lives of Indo-Fijians in grave danger.
“There is no such thing as a roster system but the implementation should go smoothly and the demand to amend the Reservation Policy should not arise at such a time. ".
Donald V.Thabah General Secretary of KSU was the chief guest and gave advice to the students to continue to work hard so that they can continue to improve in their lives. and to be for the benefit of the Village and the Nation.
Tura MP Conrad K Sangma was also present.
NPP National President Conrad K Sangma said, “The party is deeply concerned about the situation in Manipur and as the party, we have decided to talk to all the communities to work together. for the purpose of bringing peace and stability in the state".
“This is only an initial attempt and it is not yet understood whether the benefit or loss will be achieved,” she said.
This statement was sent by the General Secretary of the Laher Unit.
In another incident on the 13th of November, police have arrested three persons, Tilak Chettri (35), Shri Bishnu Kumar Dorjee (27) who caused riots in Barapathar. Shri Tilak Chettri (30) was arrested by the Jhalupara OP. Shri Tilak Chettri was convicted by the Court of RM Kharsyntiew and sentenced to six months imprisonment.
The Wagner group leader, who aims to seize the presidency of Vladimir Putin, has withdrawn from the fighting and decided to flee to Belarus to avoid fighting against Vladimir Putin. This was announced in a statement by President Putin yesterday.
He also discussed the social agreement with the ANVC and the upcoming MDC elections in Garo Hills.
Europeans alone participated in 60 million.
Immediately, the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) together with the Umtyra Check Gate and Khliehriat Police Station conducted a search operation at Nongsning village under the leadership of Addl. Police of East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, after the area has been declared a containment zone, the public has been warned not to enter and leave the area and those who violate the warning will be punished. punishable in the provisions of the Act.
On the other hand, the JNC also wants to focus especially on the areas in Jaintia Hills where some of its Elaka and villages are under the jurisdiction of the Assam government, such as Nongphyllut Elaka. it has been headed by the Daloi since time immemorial.
As a resident of Pynursla Village I would like to point out that this river is located near Pynursla Village, about 2 km away from the village.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday announced that about 70 students from Manipur have returned to the state. home tonight.
They also demanded that Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, should step down and demanded an independent inquiry from the MDA government.
That also depends on the directives of the Central Government and the decision of the State Government.
Four people have recovered from the coronavirus today.
And that talent is to touch people with his beautiful and melodious voice.
Also, regarding those who do flushing, please inform the union to avoid any misunderstanding, said the statement.
The top teams will qualify for the final and compete for the title on the 10th of this month.
The celebration was enriched by songs, dances and dramas from various schools in the presence of teachers, parents and students from various schools in the area.
The announcement, the laying of the foundation stone only during the elections is not necessary, and it is time for the government ministers not to lay the foundation stone 10 years before the elections and if necessary, the Rangbah Shnong should lay the foundation stone. , an officer, or any other dignitaries because government money is the money of the people, not of those in power.
Speaking to reporters, the Superintendent of Children's Home (Boys) in Tura said, “We have eight boys here and we have to feed them and send them to school.
In the first half, Langsning had many attempts but couldn't get the ball into the net.
Sushil Kumar became a famous star in 2011, after winning a prize money of Rs 5 crore in the Kaun Banega Crorepati competition, directed by Amitabh Bachchan.
However, he said that the problem faced by the District Council is that the government does not release the funds that belong to it and often it has to rush to run its activities.
Meghalaya has witnessed an outbreak of Dengue fever in the past few days which has claimed the life of one person and infected 44 others, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said. The death of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Thursday.
, which was also published in the Delhi media.
In the rush of time, it was not heard that the selection test should be prepared.
After this victory, India will have to prepare for another match against Chinese Taipei in the fourth and final match of Pool A. India's Parul Chaudhary has won a bronze medal in the women's 300m steeplechase. The USATF Los Angeles Grand Prix 2023 Athletics Meet will be held at Drake Stadium.
Fourteen people were killed and 80 others, including 22 soldiers, were drowned on Tuesday in Sikkim in parts of Lhonak Lake, east of Sikkim and this has flooded the Teesta River.
Regarding the decision of the SDO Civil, Ribanroi Lyngdoh, President of the Riwar Mihngi Exporters and Miners Association, requested all trucks to park only at the designated parking lots and to leave at the right time. according to the law, issued; in order to avoid disturbing the public.
AITC Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang is one of the three MLAs who have resigned from the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. “We have not released the name but we know who will respond. “We have not released the name of Bah Shangpliang.
The winners will receive cash prizes along with trophies and certificates. 1st prize – Rs 6000/-, 2nd prize – Rs 3000/- & 3rd prize – Rs 1500/- in both categories.
In another development, NSCN(K) chief SS Khaplang, who is believed to have led the party to shoot at Indian troops on July 4, has been arrested. , was said to be in critical condition and was taken to a hospital in Yangon.
The ground should be well drained and free from heat.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, should have considered this issue and lodged an FIR against those people who closed the market. meat from the market and the law enforcement authorities should take strict action as it affects the cow farmers in other districts as well as the cow meat consumers.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Vincent H Pala, who was the chief guest, congratulated the leaders of the Club and those who have guided the youth to reach 50 years. in its operation.
You don't have to worry about this country, you don't have many diseases like in other countries.
Furthermore, the leaders of the Union, strongly criticized the statement of Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who admitted that the Umiam Bridge is still safe for the passage of heavy vehicles. However, in fact, even the MeCEL authorities have admitted that the Umïam Bridge is no longer safe for the passage of heavy vehicles.
Shillong Lajong FC has been relegated from the I-League in 2019, the number of spectators has decreased with the passing of the days and even the management has not been able to hold any meetings. sports tournament.
She said that the area where the family has fought against the village is the Khlaw Shnong, where the village has the desire to preserve the area as a Law Kyntang and At the same time, it is a forest and the people of this village use this area as a forest that provides drinking water to the people of this village.
“The biggest protest against those who oppose you will be on the 19th and those who accuse the VPP party have lost their way because they have nothing else to do,” said Baj Adelbert.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro Biodiversity Society (NESFAS) has opened a farm on wheels at Mulum village in the province of Laskein Block, West Jaintia Hills on Monday.
Why should teachers be recruited for these programmes? Where are the employees of the Health Department? Teachers don't have time to do these things because they are busy at school to teach, educate and honor their children who are school children themselves.
Likewise, they say that the killing of enemy villages without justice and without grounds also brings about a destruction of the village, the township or the Hima in the future.
However, what is more surprising is that his son, James K Sangma, who is also in the Legislative Assembly today, does not imagine such an incident.
The Chief Minister's visit came after the Cabinet had discussed in recent days that when visiting any place, they should visit separately especially the schools and the places of worship. care of the government.
He said that the village is thinking now and has allocated about T.40 thousand tyngka to build a house for a poor family and soon they will start the work as the money is available. at least from the village fund.
Police have handed over the arrested to the court and some are still in police custody.
The union has lodged a complaint against the Scheduled Tribe certificate of Varun, Sneha and Pearl on the grounds that she claims to be a Khasi of the Lyngdoh clan. I have also received my ST certificate.
Ashim Paul said that the selection of dealers will be done in an easy manner which according to the rules of the government and the applicants can do it online, where the filling of applications The form is also easy and not only that, those who do not have the land can also apply but they have to return the land after being selected and the application process can be checked through the website of this company www.petrolpumpdealerchayan.
Before that, which they shall not do, they shall not thir, nor shall they cut, until they have agreed upon that exact boundary.
Expressing his concern that the spread of false news could lead to ethnic tensions in the State, he urged the people to refrain from spreading the video on social media.
According to him, the Council wants to open it as soon as possible this year.
Soso Tham passed away on 18th November 1940 and his contribution to education was indeed great and as a sign of honoring this great thinker in literature the Soso Tham's statue was erected in 1975 at the State Central Library Shillong and the hall at this place was named the Soso Tham Auditorium.
This distinction is similar to the teaching of the ancient gnostics who taught that the world is dead, society is dead, it does not matter only to save the soul-self. allow people to be selfish and selfish.
In another development, the Khasi District Council (KDC) has demanded that the government should provide protection to the youth who have returned to the state. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today urged the Meghalaya government to provide protection to the youth who intend to return to Meghalaya from other states of India.
KSU Soonapyrdi President TL Gympad said that if the company does not take action, it will close down the house.
Because the flag of India in that case was the flag of the political party, the Congress which was the largest party and which worked hard to fight against the British before independence. There is a shab of the thir ksai jaiñ shalyntem, so the shin thir ksai has been removed and only the shalyntem has been replaced with the shalyntem in the shab of India under the image of the khla.
The bridge was built in the 1990s and now it has caused a lot of trouble to the people because the bridge has almost collapsed and fallen into the river at any time due to the lack of coins to support it.
The film will be screened at Loompyrdi Iongpiah Hall from tomorrow 27th Saturday-Sunday at 2:00 pm, 5:00 pm and 8:00 pm, while on Monday-Friday. at 5:00 pm and 8:00 pm.
He said the tourism department also plans to set up a Tourist Body to ensure the welfare and safety of the tourists who come to Meghalaya.
“If he doesn't come here, we will search for Bah Pynshngaiñ until he is found and where he is. “It's not even in your constituency,” said Bah Lambok.
However, at the same time, he said that it is not easy to fight against these evils, because it is a very profitable job for the people and people will continue to do and turn to this job.
By bringing these commercial two-wheeler rental offers, it demonstrates that not only are we able to provide logistics services, but it also demonstrates that we are actively learning further strengthen the democratic constitution.
In this regard, they have requested that the power outage should not continue in parts of NEHU campus and parts of Mawlai as a whole, as well as in the state where students are studying. shong that right.
Even if I have all the necessary documents, will it be enough for me to sit back and watch my fellow citizens suffer? What will happen to Christians who are protected through the CAA? ? Perhaps some Christians will think that “even if I am not included in the NRC, I will enter through the CAA (because the CAA allows Christians from six countries to become Indian citizens.
U Bah AL Hek, MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that he has purchased tins of household items worth T.60 lakh to distribute to the people under the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) MLA scheme for the year 2016-1 T.12 lakh was spent to purchase a vehicle in Pynthorumkhrah constituency, T.10 lakh was spent to purchase 1000 blankets at the price of T.1000 each, T.10 lakh was spent to install a street light at Golflink. T.60 lakh to purchase CGI sheets for 1200 households at T.5000 per tonne, T.14 lakh to purchase sewing machines to distribute to 200 individuals at T.7000 per tonne plug.
Furthermore, it was said that it was after the collection of stories from the tribes and children of the Syiem, along with the writings of some writers about the Syiems of Khasi and Jaintia. , who was pleased to publish this short article so that it will not be a forgetfulness of the selflessness and courage of Sngap Sing Syiemlieh in that great struggle for independence against the great French Government.
Drs. Mawthoh won the constituency led by UDP MLA Nujorki Sungoh with 8489 votes while Pala received 13960 votes. Mawthoh received 5471 votes, Shullai received 328 votes, Romeo received 91 votes, Samuel received 53 votes, Bonney received 53 votes and NOTA received 29 votes.
“When I arrived at the place where the Bangladesh BGB troops were stationed, two persons fled, the Bangladeshi troops arrested me and the driver of the motorcycle, they questioned me, I told them that I was from India. When I was abducted, they showed me a picture and asked me if I knew this man. When I looked at it, it was my picture. “Bangla troops were handed over to the Indian troops and later to the Baghmara police. At that time, the relatives were not present,” said Ricky.
Lehbha Phawa, one of the elders of the Phawa clan, congratulated Dikyl Phawa for coming forward to help the poor clan members who have been facing difficulties due to the floods. the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to abolish the Laitkroh constituency in East Khasi Hills and create a new Umsning constituency in Ri-Bhoi district.
On the complaint of the residents that the felling of trees on the road has been slow on the Upper Shillong road, Bah Rani said that the RTI reply from the Forest Department shows that there is only one Power Chain, one Power Chain. There was one sword, one sword, one sword, and one handsaw.
The longkmie of this village since the construction of this factory in 2019 have expressed their strong opposition, after the village leaders have given permission to build it, but the authorities have promised to provide the necessary facilities and follow them. factory building rules.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, on Tuesday, said that according to the police investigation into the incident at Mahadev Khola on Tuesday, it will not lead to religious riots or violence. involvement of any civil society.
He congratulated the MLA for donating T.2 lakh to the village and hoped that in the coming days the MLA will donate more for the development of Iawmusiang. Jowai.
I don't believe it's right to expel them from that place.
When the shipruh was ready.
So she decided to endure and to be careful.
Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Central Body, said that the KSU has set up six schools to provide services to the children from poor families.
Regarding his visit to Meghalaya, he did not come as a leader of the Niti Aayok or to discuss any issues but as a welcome visit to the state. The meeting was held with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, as the Chief Ministers are members of the Niti Aayog.
“Before praying, one of us will give a short prayer,” said the eldest. After a short prayer, they held a prayer together.
Jeffrey Liting scored 59 runs (10×4 and 1×6), Nibiangmon Sutnga scored 25 runs (4×4 and 1×6). Nehlang Pariat took two wickets in four overs.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Police have arrested a radiologist and PRO of Woodland Hospital on charges of forging a degree by using the name of another person in business transactions.
There are 361 candidates, including 80 independent candidates and 33 women candidates and there are 3025 polling stations across the State.
Donkupar Roy, HS Lyngdoh, SL Marbaniang, MN Mukhim and Paul Lyngdoh: File“The election of Bah SL Marbaniang in 2004, from the Regional Parties Alliance (RPA) “The MDA should do the same this time,” said Bah Lambor.
HYC Sohiong said that the HYC Sohiong still has children who don't know how to use it even among Fr. Paieit, Bah.
He said that there are some villages which have set up their own village rules.
“The CBI cannot allege that Chidambaram did not cooperate.
Thus, to this day, there is a Kur conflict between the Nongkhlaw and Sutnga chiefs.
At the same time, Tymmenbasan described the journey of the Youth Assembly in the past 70 years that the journey has not been easy but the leaders of the Youth Assembly have faced many difficulties.
While other MPs are still busy sitting in Parliament, Jahan yesterday completed her arrival in Turkey.
The KSU CEC has directed all its departments across the country to be vigilant against the entry of foreigners or authorities at various entry and exit points in the State. Those who come to work or other jobs, even if they have to come out to search, they should do so to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners at such times.
Pay For Right Shillong invites clubs of the state who wish to participate in this tournament. The form can be obtained from Meghalaya Print located at Malki Point near Seven Set School.
The most important thing is to turn the Padu State Dispensary into a Public Health Center as this Dispensary has been serving since 1970 to each of the villages under this Dispensary. The Dispensary has been closed due to the lack of equipment.
“Ka seng urges the district authorities and various departments to take action on these needs of the people, which have been expressed through the media.
In another match, Laitkor scored the first goal through Tracy Rympei in the 6th minute and Ïaraplang Nongrum added the second goal in the 13th minute.
He said that soon they will witness a larger and more peaceful meeting in which all the senior leaders of the party will also be present.
In the 53rd minute, Mawkhar, which had struck Malki, almost scored a goal after a player slammed the ball into the net.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: A 23-year-old youth, (L) Dimetrus Nongsiang of Nongkung village, has committed suicide by hanging himself.
On the other hand, Samla Shembor Langrin GS of HYC North West Khasi Hills Mairang said that if there had been no khwai competition, there would have been no traffic jam in the area. You are in Shillong.
According to sources, the quarter belongs to Bah Ronald Kharkongor, who works in the office and is from Nongpyngrope Malki Shillong. They cost about T.57 thousand.
The public explanation has been of great benefit to the people who have expressed their interest in receiving information from the police.
He said that in the District Council we have Khasi and when we see the shortcomings we should arrange that the EC should not be dissolved from time to time. “I don't support the Congress party. “I don't support the Congress party. I'm not against the Congress party. but there is no law that prohibits the Congress from loving the people. I have come here to announce that I will withdraw my support for the new party we have formed.
I would like to point out that the NPP has not supported the CAA, only Agatha has supported it in the Lok Sabha, but she has made it clear that it should not be implemented in the North East.
At the same time, Bah Pala said that from the NPP to the UDP in the elections they have accused each other but they are one.
The residents together with these two organizations held a meeting today at the village and unanimously decided to stand against the proposal because the presence of the factory in the village will affect the people. It is very dangerous for the health of the people especially from the impact of coal dust.
On the other hand, the party will continue to monitor this issue until our demand is met.
The Allagre CHC has confirmed that a woman from Simkalanggre village has been confirmed positive for Japanese Encephalitis (JE).
The MCA has also invited foreign teams to take part in the individual competitions and also students over the age of 18 to take part after class at 4 pm. .
He said the Commissioner Secretary Transport Department has convened a meeting of the JAC comprising leaders of the Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU), AJHCCA, JHTOA and Leaders of the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) at the Conference Hall, Main Secretariat.
These studies show that large springs can be rejuvenated which will enhance groundwater availability for agricultural purposes.
The issuance of this order is because the entry of commercial vehicles into these two markets has caused a lot of trouble to the Traffic Police and has also endangered the traffic of the people due to the congestion.
Immediately, Bor Manik Syiem, in his old age and mental illness, left in May 1830 to go to Nongkhlaw without informing the Dorbar but only with the accompaniment of his two brothers, U Ksan and Joy King.
The medicinal plants that grow on the branches of the trees will never be found on the trees.
The clashes in North East Delhi have claimed 13 lives at the time of writing.
He said that in 2016, the Hima has revived the appointment of Minister Electors and this was passed by the Dorbar in the same year and in relation to the appointment of the Acting Sordar of the village. Mawsaw u Syiem alleged that it was because of the former sordar's struggle against the law of the Hima and he refused to come for talks even after the Hima had invited him to the table.
On the other hand, after receiving information about this, the union went to meet the distributor of the rice, to investigate and found that the rice was not delivered to the dealer by the wholesaler.
“We have urged the Central Government to reconsider the allocation of T.17 crore but the Central Government has not accepted. “It has been decided to terminate the projects under the JNNURM scheme,” he said.
In these days of lockdown we often see those who write articles and preach on YouTube channels that promote only their religions.
There is a fact that I was promised in the assembly many times by the leaders in our honorable assembly, to come and visit the border, our residents within the border but it is a sad thing that In the past four and a half years, no one has visited,” said the Deputy Chairman of the Council.
“Education is very valuable because it can protect the youth from many kinds of evil deeds of this age,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
“There was a lot of wrong propaganda being produced, thought out and circulated by certain groups.
As a singer across India and abroad, Helen Giri has gained international recognition.
Nongwah Mawtamur is also a village that has been allegedly involved in the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. It has been part of Meghalaya since ancient times, but it has been taken over by the Assam Government only because of the neglect of the KHADC and the State Government.
Dr Mukul said that only this government led by him from the Congress party has fulfilled the promises made to the people during the elections. “We have fulfilled the promises made to the people. “We have completed the Manifesto of the Congress Party,” he said, referring to many development projects that the government under his leadership has done such as the opening of Civil-Sub-Division. opening of C&RD blocks, police stations, roads, bridges, health centers and others.
When asked about the demand of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to amend the Employment Act, he said that at present the Government is discussing exactly the implementation of the roster and this implementation is which continued and is ongoing.
Shillong: Prestone, Conrad Sangma and others in the Government should recognize the people, because they still need the people and if they don't need The people will not vote during the elections.
Nongpoh: A house belonging to Kong Islin Makri and Bah Mishalli Khardewsaw has suddenly caught fire in Umjarasi village, Nongpoh. and it shall devour all that is in the house.
Also present were the Presidents of Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Manipur.
Shillong: The body of a boy was found on the 4th of June 2021 in the Wahumkhrah River in Mawlai Nongpdeng Block C. The male child was born and was not yet born.
Francis should know that there are many religious leaders of all religions in India and around the world who are writers.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a written complaint to the District Grievance Redressal. They can submit their complaints to the Complaint Box set up by the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang. West Khasi Hills District.
Besides, Baranwal also spoke on the need to set up training centers for SHGs to improve their working methods.
Now, with this decision, we all three have agreed,” said Uttam.
Those who wish to participate can register online at iwc2024painting@gmail.com before 2/2/2
The final match between these two teams will be played at the same venue, SAI Stadium at the end of NEHU, Shillong.
However, as of now, the intention of the Assam government is that once the development schemes are implemented, it will not own the land which is still the land of Meghalaya and which is not in the border dispute.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya, Lajja Ram Bishnoi today said that thanks to the hard work of the police in the state, in the past four months, the drugs have been seized. cases have been registered under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act and 134 persons have been arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking.
“For three terms, the MP has been sent with the desire to implement the demands and thank you very much, maybe he has tried but because he is not in the synrop lang in Delhi, no one has listened. Shillong Parliamentary Seat to get an MP who will be in the ruling party so that they can listen and watch when we go to Delhi.
May this Christmas renew our lives and may we have a spirit of love for each other and brotherhood.
Regarding the inheritance of a non-Khasi woman to the inheritance of her children, the CEM said that on this issue, the law says that only the children shall inherit the seed of the father.
Two Jaish militants and four soldiers were killed in the 12-hour fighting in Pulwama.
Khliehriat, Naitung 18: The District authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, under the supervision of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah J.Shylla, MCS, today continued the demolition of two more factories. M/s Kamakhya Coke, located at Synrang Khimyrsiang (near Lelad) under Sutnga District and another M/s SSS Coke at Thanguatah under Sutnga District. The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (CTE) said that these factories were destroyed by bombs at 2.30 pm and 3.30 pm.
Pakyntein is a supporter of the Congress candidate from West Shillong.
The Chief Secretary Lurshai Khonglah Gram Sevak in his speech praised the SHGs as well as the MLA of the area through whom these things happen and urged the SHGs to use them properly. These projects will bring benefits to all the residents.
Hashah is also the President of the All Meghalaya Kick-boxing Association (AMKA), where he has trained hundreds of young men and women for the sport.
A Keeledbox Turtle has arrived at the ground floor of a house this morning in Jowai, the district headquarters of West Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar Warjri President HSPDP Mawthadraishan who is also a candidate for the upcoming elections welcomed them all.
“Vinay Jaju, MD, SwitchON Foundation said that at the SwitchON Foundation, they believe that cooperation is important to raise awareness on climate change and environmental degradation.
“We understand well what these experts have explained about the mining plan and the methods of mining coal according to science, but the difficulty in these areas is to mine coal. “It will inevitably affect the small traders and only the big owners will benefit from getting a license to mine coal,” said Nidamon Shullet.
“What has appeared and spread on social media is not complete and the delimitation committee has to convene a public hearing before taking any decision according to the order of the Governor,” said the CEM in the dorbar.
Expressing his appreciation for this award, Bah Hek said that the Dadasaheb Phalke Award has been awarded to him as the best Minister in Meghalaya.
On the same day, Dewbilat Company also donated dustbins to the church of the village to bring about cleanliness and donated money. .
The NPP has lodged a complaint with the Election Department that the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has misused the helicopter and violated the Election Act.
Keshav Lamsai from KRIPA Foundation, Additional Superintendent of Police, Law and Order, Bah SS Dkhar, Dr. Valencia Myrboh, Pastor Rev. NB Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Lawjynriew, Bah SB Kharshandi and others.
He directed all shops selling kyïad pyrsi and IMFL, bars, hotels, bonded warehouses, to close their shops on this day.
Jangsrik A Sangma, Gay Lussac M Momin, Gabriel G Momin, Rikman A Sangma, Bendict Hynniewta, Genevieve Khongjee, Dajied Kharkongor, Tengnang Sangma, Lou Majaw, Kerious Wahlang, Shibor Mawkon and others who were not named.
According to a statement issued by the NIA, the investigation into the complaint (RC 23/2023/NIA/DLI) by the NIA has shown that as part of the investigation, the leaders of the political parties Myanmar-based armed groups have recruited people as Over Ground Workers (OGWs), members and volunteers to strengthen the fight against the security forces and other ethnic groups by take advantage of the ongoing conflict in Manipur.
He said the ILP is a demand that the government has approved in the House, but the struggle now will be for the Indian government.
Shano is now the Kynti, the time will tell.
Prayer only from the heart does not bring any fruit.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has banned two senior officers from becoming heads of various departments in the government. Meghalaya.
Kharraswai said that the demand of these employees to the state government to run the department itself because this foreign company has cheated and until now all the demands of this department have been met. company has failed to achieve.
In a statement, the KSU said that it supports the Khasi who have been insulted in the area and said that it will always be with them at any time they need it. be injured will result in tragedy.
The price of petrol is T.81.66 per liter and diesel is T.73.99 per litre.
Shillong: The Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) has strongly opposed the government's passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill
Four Indians were reportedly unable to attend the meeting due to high fever.
Shillong, Naitung 03: U Bah PT Sawkmie, MDC Mawlai Constituency, today met with the farmers in the rural areas of Mawlai Constituency.
"We have also decided to demand that the CEM should call a Public Hearing only for the people who benefit from this road and we have decided not to allow anyone from outside the village to participate," he said. “The people who will attend the public hearing will be verified through their Election Photo Identity Card (EPIC).
“The NEP is a very important subject and this 4 year course for Under Graduates to be conducted by NEHU for all colleges in Meghalaya and 99 percent of the colleges in the state have already implemented it. The NEP and classes have also started,” said Rakkam.
He will also be the first from Meghalaya to represent India abroad in the Mr. Tourism Global competition in collaboration with Global Model India.
In the past decades, there has been a lot of assistance to the border residents in the form of various schemes of the Government of India, whether it is scholarships, book fees, school fees, housing schemes, road construction scheme and many other assistance programs, but these days, these have become mere examples to avoid defaming, while the assistance has decreased and decreased.
Besides, Sainkupar Nongtraw also admitted that some Ministers in the MDA coalition government are corrupt in relation to the HNLC's desire to come to peace talks with the government.
The way you drive, the way you eat and so on.
When planting sara, care should be taken that the stems do not fall off, but should be well spread in the soil and the soil should be well drained when planted.
Another case of COVID-19 has been confirmed in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to
The letter also said that at that time there was opposition from the Sordars and Riew Rangbah who should be elected by the Hima Dorbar and they also opposed the appointment of Adiviser to BK Syiem who was appointed, but the Acting The Syiem did not listen and said that he should approve what was read, and after that he could not decide because of the opposition, so he agreed alone with BK Syiem who had been convicted to run the Dorbar Hima.
He also urged the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to rest and bless Bah Samlin.
What is the point of the Model Code of Conduct, when not a single election official has been summoned to investigate the illegal trafficking during elections, as well as the money launderers? These election candidates who go homeless, especially when it is dark at night, 'tok-tok-tok.
If we cultivate with understanding and knowledge, the yield of cultivation is great.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government will introduce and pass an ordinance to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act (MRGA), 2021 at the next meeting of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. the Cabinet of Ministers will be held soon.
If more people want to sin than those who do what is right, then this world has become a paradise of hell or a land of sin.
He said that the reason for Assam's exploitation of the border is because the previous and present Governments have not taken the initiative like the Mizoram Government to stand as Rangbah to protect its own people and to protect. spirit from the ends of the earth.
He said that the youth should take care of their health so that they can achieve that youth development.
I also try as hard as I can to find them a job when they ask for it. I feel sorry for them when they tell me about their problems.
At the time of writing, Plom Dkhar has not been arrested.
If you read John 14 Lyn.
If this is the case, what will be the future of the development of the village?” he asked.
The cause of the fire is still unknown but police are conducting an investigation to find out the cause of the fire. and the house shall be destroyed in a moment.
Because the Second Phase of the demarcation process has started now with the formation of Regional Committees.
He said that the government has already allocated funds for the improvement of the footpaths along the road.
In the first leg, Mookyrdup beat Umshangiar 2-0 with goals scored by Daohi Kharbih in the 15th minute and L.Niang in the 52nd minute.
The mother of the child has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoiñ Police Station on 23rd November, 2020 and the perpetrator has been identified as Brightstarwell Kharbani.
“The Garo are good people and we can live with them but with other ethnic groups we cannot live together. but if the Khasi and Garo want, they can separate.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police have arrested four persons in connection with the IED blast which occurred on the evening of Tuesday 30th July Kindred.
“First you say there is no rain and no electricity.
This day was celebrated to raise awareness among the residents on the importance of blood donation to help pregnant women, to help people suffering from blood dyscrasias and in case of accidents and others. Blood is urgently needed to help others.
On the other hand, he admitted that it is a big mistake that our children from this area are still thinking of going to other places like Shillong with the thought that this school ha Umoid is not enough but after researching from the beginning, this school has become a good school to send its children to school.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The National People's Party (NPP) led by MLA James K Sangma and Subir Marak, on Tuesday met with a family at Garobadha village on the 29th of this month regarding the attack on the 24th of this month. July 20, 2017.
According to Samla Tyllibor, the HNYF became aware of the fraud by the company after the Performance Bank Guarantee it had given to the government through Abhilash Kishore Kashyap, was not from Pune, because the branches of the bank, which should have been issued, are actually in Shillong, while this person brought it from Pune.
He said that the foundation of the BJD is far from both the Congress and the BJP. He also explained that the Chief Minister of Bihar Nitish Kumar he went to meet him in Bhubaneswar on Tuesday.
“Even in the past there have been Dorbar Shnongs which have given participation to women but this has not been regular and on this issue we request the KHADC to pass laws according to the passage of time. “The women's organizations or the women's organizations are always ready to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs in all aspects,” said the statement.
Furthermore, the group also suggested that all traditional songs written and sung in Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, Hindi, English and others by the villagers should be collected and preserved. they.
Police said they will conduct a search operation at all schools on Sunday.
He said that according to the history of Meghalaya, Meghalaya has been inhabited by two famous, strong and brave ethnic groups like Tirotsingh Syiem, Wickliffe Syiem of Khasi Jaintia Hills and Patogan Sangma of Garo Hills.
For example, the Single Window Policy of 1997 has destroyed the environment and has not benefited the citizens of the State, but only the officials and heads of government who are willing to set up factories. The coke factory is located in the coke factory.
This tree quickly blooms before the rainy season, which means at the end of the rainy season.
Babu Tonyford War has been appointed President of APSTA from
“We will explain how the Congress party will do for the youth when it comes to power in the central government and in the state.
The fish was placed on my plate.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) at the Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium on Saturday.
They were handed over to the Mawlai Police Station. The KSU-NEHU and NEHUSU have said that they will monitor the inside of the school to crack down on the drugs. students.
The people living in this area are not only ethnically divided but are facing problems due to the inability to resolve the border between the Assam and Meghalaya governments.
He said that as a leader in five years he has never cheated or done wrong but what he does is for the benefit of the people.
There will be two contests including Ms. and Mrs.Vogue Star
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh has asked why foreign parties want to invade the state. State to be careful.
The JSM-ER leaders led by Shnalad Rymbai, President and other members of the JSM-ER had the opportunity to talk to the Executive Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District. Mr. Sanborn Marwein.
In the past, people used to wear dresses that covered the whole body and were very polite to look at, but as the days go by, people prefer to wear short dresses because it makes them comfortable. to walk, to stand, to work, to touch.
Shillong: They are the ones who will send me to sit, said Bah DD Lapang.
Rev.C Lyngdoh gave a speech on the history of the Kur followed by speeches from the elders of the Kur such as Jopthiaw Lyngdoh IAS, Promiwel Lyngdoh, Dr.Phervision Nongtdu and The meeting was conducted by Borsing Lyngdoh Talang.
The residents of Jowai and surrounding villages have given their full cooperation to the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District to refrain from gathering in food stalls and shops.
These projects have been implemented by the PWD department. 24.50% to 60% are projects under the Swachh Bharat Mission. 24.50% are private toilets and 60% are public toilets.
In the match at Tura, NGH, which won the toss, did not manage to tied first but lost all wickets and scored 104 runs in 30 overs.
In an interview with the DC, he said that this is the first complaint on this issue and he promised to take action and follow up on this issue to find out the truth and resolve it immediately. Shillong, Naiwieng 17 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA Mawkynrew Constituency on Tuesday said that since 2018, the dealers have been allowed to collect their rice from the FCI. He was elected, but he didn't distribute the MLA scheme.
The SP said that the suspects robbed a Petrol Pump in Pomshutia on the 18th of July between 6:30 and 7:00 pm and stole T.2,33,380 tyngka. They also shot and beat two employees of the pump.
It may be recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has said that the Phase-III scheme will be completed by November, 2022, but due to unavoidable reasons, it has not been completed. This project will provide water supply within the stipulated timeframe.
Looking back on the days leading up to the signing of the MOU between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, the people are indeed filled with excitement to hear the initiative of this MOU. MDA government to take measures to resolve the border between the two states.
It was also announced that the vaccine will be available free of charge at all government health centres.
The Union Home Minister informed the members that at present 70 per cent of the agenda of the Cabinet has been prepared in Hindi.
There were 5 State/UT stalls, 13 city stalls and 15 project samples.
Therefore, it is time for the residents of Ri Khasi Jaintia, to recognize any voluntary groups and to value their good resources so that we can have a better environment. free from life in the water, in the fields, in the mountains and in the forest.
Speaking to media, Laitlyngkot resident Richard N Pomtiah said that many of the people in this area earn their living by selling street vendors and the intention is to build a street vendor. The Byepass road from the new location will affect the residents of Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
“We have told the Lamphang in a letter that it is urgent to convene a special session on the issue of immigration and peace and order in Garo Hills,” he said. MPF spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh said earlier.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has forcibly erected a signboard to collect taxes from the vehicles carrying agricultural products of the residents of Khanduli.
The competition organized by the same people and at the same place has caused many problems.
“You have 50 days from 10th November to 30th November to return T.500 and T.1000 notes to any bank or post office,” he said.
Raphael Nongsiang scored 24 runs while Aristho R Marak scored 3/31 runs.
In addition, the Lord's church reads and listens to the Word of God and contributes every first day of the month (Acts 20:7; I Cor. 16:1-2).
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Saturday announced the 15 players for the BCCI Women's U-19 One Day Trophy.
He said that all the villages in these two districts will be affected by the power outage.
“Once the condition of the power generation system is checked, steps will be taken to reduce the power outages,” the source said.
However, today at the ceremony of honoring the Syiem of Bhowal Hima, it was understood that the EM in charge of the Elaka Department, KP Pangniang, said that the Hima should hold Dorbars every year.
Since the discussion has been held and the various groups have set these rules, let us see how things are going.
S.K.N[continued] Niakha, too, because she was alone, allowed her to work as she pleased.
Therefore, we strongly request anyone who has any misunderstanding about the Catholic Christian faith, we are ready to have a discussion of clarification without gossip but with mutual respect for the feelings and beliefs of others," “It will be good news for the clubs affiliated to the WJDSA that they don't have to pay renewal fees for the year
At the same time, he said the party will continue to monitor this issue and demand that the government should provide adequate information on the appointment of politicians in government departments.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong have won their sixth consecutive title in the U-18 Shillong Premier League after beating Ryntih Sports Club 3-0 at the JN Stadium Shillong on Saturday.
After India gained independence from the British on 15th August 1947, the Assam Government, for the sake of its rule, increased the number of Districts.
In a letter to these officers, the union has requested them to assist in the development of a scheme for the construction of the new road from Weinia to Niamlang, Disyiang to Nongkhnum. to pass through the Kynshi River, Mawsyllorlangdang, Ioh Hin, Sdadporsymbe, Risohkhe, Umthlong, Pordisyiang, Lawtisra to Nianlang.
Regarding the absence of these youths, a youth who was involved in such an incident and who did not want to be named, said that he is very surprised that his name has not been revealed. For the interview, he was surprised to find that there were others who had lower marks than him, but they were selected for the interview and that was under the post Driver. Constable.
This action of these organizations (Assam Sanatan Dharma Sabha) raises the question to us why you need to do such things.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of September,
The unemployment has started since the rainy season last year, as exports have stopped since last year, at the time of the outbreak.
On this occasion, Dr. Angel Kharumnuid, a resident of the village, took part in a speech on the contribution of sports to the lives of people, even if the subject to be spoken about is but as an expert in this field, I have been able to explain or explain this.
As time goes by, the Government's efforts to fight against this disease which has spread severely in our State have surprised us.
Meanwhile, police said that Barcline Sangma, in charge of Dangkong Sub-Beat, Dainadubi Range, North Garo Hills, has lodged a complaint that on the 7th of June at 4 pm, The robbers have stolen 21 tins of household items from the Patrolling Camp in Dangkong.
At the meeting, the committee decided to proceed with the registration process for those who wish to withdraw their names from Aadhaar.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : Rangdajied Utd FC beat Seiñpynbhalang SC 6-0 in the first leg of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 on Saturday. (Jowai Zone) which was held on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The workshop was concluded with a welcome speech by Eulina Syiemiong, Grassroot Administrator, Shillong.
Nickleson Bina of Nongrim Hills was named Man of the Match. The LSC has announced that the next quarter final will be played on the 9th of this month. Mylliem SC will play against 7 Wasa FC and Boca Juniors FC will play against Laban SC on the 12th of January The 19th Riwar Cup Invitational Football Tournament was held 5-0 at Bakur Stadium, Dawki on Saturday.
During their patrols they did not use any weapons such as guns but only sticks, and this patrolling of theirs has helped a lot for the benefit of the people.
The incident occurred when the players of the country received the trophy, so they gathered together to dance and as usual, they cheered each other. They were served champagne, but at that time, two Muslim leaders, Adil Rashid and Moeen Ali, fled the rally, because Islam prohibits to put alcohol on the bodies of those who are Muslims.
The CEM said that regarding the issuance of permission to build houses, the EC through the Khasi Building and Structure Regulatory Authority has tried to improve and streamline the work for the convenience of the people.
When asked when the minister will return to Delhi to discuss the issue, Hek said that when the number of cases of covid-19 is low as the number of cases in Delhi is still increasing.
The samples sent for testing are 76762, 74293 negative and 451 awaiting result.
He said that out of the 8 medical teams set up by the Government of India, 3 teams have arrived in Manipur and 5 teams will soon arrive. The Minister also said that to ensure the smooth running of examinations and training facilities without any interruption for the students of Manipur, officers from the Education Department of The Government of India, together with officers in the Ministry of Education of Manipur, is preparing a mechanism to provide training, examinations etc. through online means and that this will be completed in these next two days.
The HNYF after finding out all these facts, threw out all the employees and threatened to close down immediately but after a while the TMC officials came to accompany the employees of the company.
As we know, the covid 19 pandemic has severely affected the livelihood of the poor people such as the day laborers and especially the market vendors.
Yes! “There are still some shortcomings here and there as there is still a coordination between the office of the Executive Engineer of PHE of Mawkyrwat Division and the village on the remaining works,” said the Minister.
Commercial vehicle passengers who do not wait to board and disembark directly only at the Designated Embarkation & Dis-Embarkation Points.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on November 29 strongly opposed the state government's plan to shut down Mawmluh Cherra Cements Ltd (MCCL) and demanded the NPP leader from Sohra, Bah Gavin. “If this MLA refuses to resign, he will have to take responsibility as he and the government of They are trying to bury the MCCL alive. We will sin against you through your actions.
But the truth is that we cannot escape from the hands of God and we cannot escape from that time of Jesus' rule over this world.
He said that during the discussions, the Government has proposed some suggestions.
If it weren't for the Khasi in the past, they would have sought the reasons before God and if they had cheated or deceived the rights of the people, they would have done wrong. to ask forgiveness before God because these leaders now don't listen to the voice of man.
The statement also recalled the kidnapping activities of the party in the 1990s, admitting that they were all successful as they planned.
All the nations of the world acknowledge that man is the most intelligent creature among all creatures.
In a meeting with the AEE, the union promised to do whatever is necessary and to send contractors to complete the outstanding poles.
According to Dr. Lyngdoh, 76 people have come for screening and 54 have been treated.
By Bah Philip Marweiñ I am pleased to say that the suggestion of Bah Philip Marwein to the two new ECs KHADC and JKHDC has come at the right time for the MDCs to do so.
"“Finally, we want there to be peace and happiness as we leave Ïewmawlong.
He decided to give his full support to Stephan Mukhim and is confident that Stephan will come to power to bring about sustainable development.
In the U-18 category, Himonki Khaii (West Jaintia Hills) scored 667 points in the 100m and Semeon Marak (North Garo Hills) scored 792 points in the High Jump.
This decision was taken at the Cabinet meeting today.
Students who are eligible to apply for this Award must have obtained the following marks: SSLC- 60% or above, HSSLC (any streams)- 60% or above, Graduate- 45% or above for Honors and 50% or above. for Generals and Post-Graduates - 45% and above.
Those who can leave are going to school, going to work, taking medicine, exercising, shopping.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Seng Kmie, today met and sent a petition to James K. Sangma, Minister of Electricity and Electricity, to implement the u 132KV Power Station in Nongpoh.
Kong Ailin Shabong from Mawkriah village has won 12 awards in the flower exhibition.
“My intention was to protect myself and my family but it wasn't as clear as it appeared in the news.
Spray the newspapers with 2% formalin (one pound per 5 liters of water) until they are well cleaned.
Therefore, it is up to the state government and the authorities in charge of sanitation to do something to ensure that the statement of prevention is better than cure.
The union has also written and met with Ba L.Rymbui Minister of Education and the Chief Minister (CM) Conrad Sangma.
Speaking on the issue of protecting the land of the people, to protect the uniqueness of the people, Lambokstarwell said, “We don't want to reach out to others and if others come across the border, it is not right. Sin is not blood, if the violence of the authorities against our brothers and sisters is the law, the duty of the kput will also be the duty of the youth of the nation. to create ethnic discrimination but when we protect our land we don't steal the rights of others it is our duty to preserve the uniqueness of the country and the nation, think once and for all , I ask the question where will the nation go, there are those who say that we have to find out where we came from as a nation. There has been a lot of talk in these days that the KSU is an anti-government party, an anti-development party, but I say that we are not against the KSU. We are not an anti-government party, I am saying clearly now that we will continue to be against the government in democracy if it does anything. “It is not something that affects the present and future of the country and the nation. We support it if it does what is right and we will condemn it if it does what is wrong”.
Shillong: The Administrator in charge of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) Dr Vijay Kumar on Tuesday said that the government has released funds for two months to pay the salaries of the employees. Dr Vijay said the state government has released the funds to pay the salaries of the employees in the GHADC and this money will be released today or tomorrow morning to pay the salaries. employees for the two months.
A bus carrying girls school children collided with another vehicle at Longsai, about 55 kilometers from Imphal.
Aryan has been able to showcase his skills by scoring one after another from the opponent. Four of these wickets have been dropped from the stump ball. .
Mannan Surana top scored with 65 runs off 41 balls.
Therefore, the village authorities should not allow such people to enter the villages and if they do, they should be expelled.
Regarding the accident, it was said that the cause of the accident was that the driver of the truck, had driven too fast, and when he reached the longest part of the truck, he could not The truck turned across the NH-6 and at that moment, it collided with the Tourist Taxi.
This was announced by Satly Ryngkhlem, President of East Jaintia Hills District, Joiniwell Pyrtuh, President of Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, Hambertus Nongtdu, President of East Jaintia Hills Coal Suppliers Association. , President Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum, said Bah Albinus Lamurong, President Meghalaya People Labor union Jaintia Hills District Committee.
Shillong, Nailur 26: U Bah Leston Wanswet on Tuesday said that if the Khasi people unite to nominate only one candidate to contest against Dr. Donkupar Roy from Shella Constituency, there will be no problem. “We are the high paid in our area, if the Khasi unite, I am not afraid of these low paid in our area who have only 2000 votes,” said Bah Leston. .
“Not only you but me as well.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to summon two MLAs, Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, to end the conflict. between them.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Due to the government's decision not to call for talks with the teachers while they have been on strike until today, there is a feeling that as a step towards the strike, the teachers have to boycott or not to take part in the selection test of Class X this year.
“We cannot allow all those who want tickets, because we have our own candidates,” said Conrad K Sangma.
Bah David Laitphlang, said that such schools are the source of education for the young children and congratulated the school authorities, teachers and parents who provide the education. work together despite the difficulties to make this school move forward.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Executive Officer, Jowai Municipal Board, Kong DV Lyngdoh in the presence of MDCs of JHADC including Bah Evening Teron, Bah Ailad Bhoi, Bah Octomewot Lamin and Wahehs of Jowai Municipal Board. The state government through the Mining and Geology Department on Tuesday said that 8 lakh metric tonnes of coal remains to be auctioned, while 5 lakh metric tonnes of coal remains to be auctioned. Coal India Limited has already auctioned the coal and the transportation of the coal is ongoing.
The explosives seized by the police include 29 Electronic Detonators, Fuse Wires, Power 90E Kelvex Gel, Class-2 Cat and 119 ZZ Explosives.
When asked why they don't take the 10 tyngka nar, they replied that they don't know why, but they don't take it.
Shillong: A group of leaders of the North Goa Zila Panchayat (KHADC) today visited the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“We rely on nature to get rainfall but now the rainfall is very low and this has affected the state electricity department,” he said when asked about the fire outage in the state.
After the launch of the shap, the party leaders held a shout as a sign of celebration in which everyone said to Prah, and the President of the party Bah Ardent said that they will clean up the The world's largest economy in Meghalaya has been destroyed by Prah.
The placards clearly stated that the JSM stands firm on their demand for the establishment of a Govt College in the area.
There is no time limit for the VPP and the people to give the MDA-2 government the Expert Committee to complete its work as soon as possible, whether it is within 10 months or 2 months. ten years or two years.
Modi also urged the people to stay at home on 22nd October 2020 from 7 pm to 9 pm, or what he calls the Janata Curfew. and he went out of his house, and out of the place where he dwelt.
The Jews will say, “For we have made a covenant with death, and with hell is our agreement” Isaiah 28:1
Therefore, in fact, this project should have been done as a pilot project to some parts of Garo Hills, as the AT&C losses in Garo Hills are about 75%.
“I would like to ask where are those Aquaculture Missions, Integrated Basin Development and Livelihoods Programs and others which can provide employment to these people of the State who are now living in poverty,” said the statement.
He told police that he entered the scene at 5:30 pm with the intention of going for a walk to Mattilang Park, but his vehicle stopped at the scene. He said that he had called for help to rescue the vehicle but no one came to help him.
He said that KHNAM will contest only in the MDC election to the KHADC and is ready to contest from all 29 constituencies.
Kitborlang Nongrem, Minister of Ranthong Village Council and Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District were the chief guests. Music School, Rangthong, office bearers and the public who came to witness this event.
On the other hand, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), BDR Tiwari said that the meeting, which was attended by the Deputy Commissioners and other officers, discussed in more detail the voter list and the inspection of the polling stations. thep vote.
Raymond Nongkhlaw and Donbor Rumnong, who won silver and bronze medals in their respective Pro AM Universe Championships held in Bangkok Thailand and the WFF Pro AM Asia Pacific Championship  held in Ho Chi Mihn City, Vietnam.
Prestone said, “Those parties that are now sleeping together have turned against the NPP”. shynshar marwei after this election.
Furthermore, households earning more than 8 lakh per annum can no longer take reservations.
Former President of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area, Bah K.Lyngdoh, at a meeting held at Rikhasi Free Morning School on Saturday, said that the HSPDP Sengkmie has decided to dissolve all the units. to gather the party leaders and the same members of these units to give their support to Bah Bobby Kharshandi.
He said that the traffic jam is from the Circle where commercial vehicles used to park to go to Mission Village, and therefore in order to have free movement, free flow, free flow will be allowed first in the two circles. Timing from 8 to 11 pm during school hours, 5 pm to 7 pm Traffic Police Department shall not allow embarking and disembarking of passengers. The land should be completely free, so that vehicles going to the Mission, District Council or JS Road 9 should not be blocked.
He said the government has collected 10 per cent of the transportation of coal as per the order of the Supreme Court and NGT and has deposited the money into the MEPRF to restore coal mined areas.
Beijing claims that Taiwan is a state of China; Taiwan, on the other hand, recognizes that it is an independent and self-governing country.
“We must be able to execute the budget provisions in the time allotted for the benefits we envisage with a robust business planning process.
Do not waste the five years that the people have appointed you, but make the most of your time in the House.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Assembly of the Church of God, Meghalaya and Assam will be held at the Church of God in Sohra Iew.
“They said that the entry to the market is also very biased by the BSF, where if the Garo people go, they can easily enter the market, while if they go by the Garo people, they can easily enter the market. The Khasi people, on the other hand, sent them to stand in line, and said that if they were already in line, they would wait for hours to buy something within 3 hours.
So far, 29,435 people have been infected and the death toll has risen to 934, while 21,632 people are still undergoing treatment and 6,868 have recovered.
We do not need to join any party to express our views as citizens who have the right to elect leaders.
However, in recent years, a parade has been held from Khyndailad to Dreamland Cinema Hall to Umsohsun.
On this occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, has requested all the owners and managers across the districts to submit detailed reports on their coal, including the estimate of how much coal they have. For more information, please contact Bah DP Kharsati, MCS, Additional District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai or Please call us at
It is right to be afraid of those who have been rejected from the NRC in Assam.
On this occasion, 9 tableaux of various departments were displayed and games were also held along with the distribution of food items to the patients at the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ.
The five suspects were identified as Ashiqul Islam, Bodor Uddin, Mijanur Rahman and Wahiduz Zaman of Nagaon; and Baharul Islam of Morigaon.
When asked whether his prayer there was to become prime minister again, Modi said, “I don't ask God for anything, because I believe he has given me what I deserve. don't give".
Shillong: It can be said that the traffic in Shillong is the most difficult for the people, because they face problems every day besides the traffic jam, but another reason is because of the illegal activities of many taxi drivers. earn those who don't have to carry, but those who wait only to get those who go far away or to get reserve.
This was announced in a statement by the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary, President of the Samla Seng and President, Secretary of the Seng Teilang Kynhei.
However, it is said that the Taliban has not only violated the right to education of young girls in Afghanistan, but has also banned women in all aspects from The Taliban has ruled by force and banned women in all aspects from education, charity. and they have no more the right to live freely according to their own will.
The Minister said that this health and training center will bring about change, which will benefit the people of Meghalaya and the people of the North East.
In Williamnagar, Conrad said that the incumbent MLA, Marcuise Marak, has brought about a lot of change in Williamnagar by starting to implement and participate with the government in many projects for the development of the city. .
“We have already protested by shutting down Star Cement in October 2019 when it came to hold a public meeting despite bringing 4-5 trucks of police.
On Friday morning, Ukrainian residents heard Russian shelling in Kyiv, the capital of Kharkiv, in the northeast and southwest parts of Odesa. Many parts of Ukraine have been left without electricity due to the damage to power plants in these areas.
In a statement issued by Auguster Jyrwa, General Secretary of the KSU, the date of the meeting was not announced, but the venue of the meeting was not announced. on the 30th of this month, at 11am.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 1527 including 59 recoveries today.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said the government has sent an inquiry into the shooting death of a man by BSF troops near Mawshun village under Pynursla on Thursday night.
Two months before the shad, an announcement was made by starting the bomb blast at the Seng's headquarters in Mawkhar as a sign to remind the relatives to prepare for the festival. to take part in the Shad Suk Spirit.
On this occasion, the SMC of these Laishnongs, requested the Dy Chief Minister to provide assistance for the needs of the school such as the fence around the school, the accommodation of the staff and the Hostel for the Boys and Girls of this School.
These office bearers include the new President, Vice President Kitboklang Lyngdoh, RTI Secretary IS Iawphniaw, Assistant Organizing Secretary Marshal Wahlang and Organizing Secretary Pynshngain Diamai.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang, Chairman of the Economic Development Committee of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle, said that after the opening of the EC meeting, there will also be a discussion on the issues affecting the constituency. He urged all the party office bearers from different units to come together and to bring forward the issues affecting the villages and places so that the Committee can They have brought it before the government and also to the leaders of the central body of the party to talk to the government and especially to talk in the upcoming budget session.
“This committee did not convene a single meeting until the deadline was almost over.
The only way to prevent or treat this disease is to close public places, such as schools, colleges, universities, border hats, not to travel outside, to take good hygiene, Traffic has been suspended, even churches and churches have been suspended, large gatherings have been banned, large sessions such as Parliament and Legislative Assemblies have been suspended. shorten the time of dorbars and others.
The number of new cases has risen to 7,120, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 124,8
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body at a meeting held on the 21st of this month regarding the government's failure to repair the NH44 road in the country. Jaintia all over.
When asked about the relocation of the Shillong landfill from Marten, the Minister said that the search for land has progressed and the land has already been identified but all that remains is to purchase the land.
Speaking to media, MPTCSU President Samla Bansharailang Pyngrope said that the students' strike is to demand that the employment in the state should be decided in a clear manner.
Zelensky said Matsievsky would be a soldier and a man who would be remembered forever.
Is it because they know they have been defeated, why do they do such things?” said Prestone.
At present, 39 new cases have been confirmed in the past two days.
Nangai Sutnga May 3, 2020 After the rapid rise and spread of one of the diseases known as COVID-19 or Corona Virus in English which we Khasi consider as Khlam disease The Government of India through the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has immediately declared a lockdown across the country to prevent the spread of the virus from one person to another.
However, when 22 Bihar policemen fired their weapons, not a single one exploded.
“Shillong doesn't have any way to improve the existing roads.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: U President of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in Meghalaya, Bah Charles Pyngrope on Monday said that the party will reach its goal of 100,000 elections. Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Charles said that as a candidate he has prepared well and through the elections. He has been following closely the party's activities across the state to ensure that the party will hold power. .
The distribution of the vaccines available at that time was a major challenge for the Government of India and also for the State and District Governments.
The MHRC has demanded that a full report on the incident should be submitted within 30 days from the date of publication.
To sit idly by and worry that it will end like this without doing anything would be wrong.
“If they buy a packet of cigarettes at the price of 80 tyngka, they pay 500 tyngka and more than 420 tyngka, they get shisha money and by this trick they can sell these phony money,” he said. the source said.
By doing so, Jesus will be glorified.
The meeting was conducted by the secretary of the unit and was welcomed by the president.
They too had experienced this terrible disaster in their time, and they too had lost hope of survival.
“Shabas MDA government, shabas Conrad and this recognition by law is commendable,” he said.
If the name of the synrop group is changed to Bharat, will they change the name of Bharat to the BJP?”
At the same time, he said that before applying for ticket, he had met with many UDP leaders of Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh Constituency, who encouraged him to move forward.
:The music video titled “Shad Shad Haban Da Ngiah” by Khraw Umdor and Vitalis Kurbah (Blom) has been released on 27th November
“The HYC:CEC through this statement would like to send a clear message to all those Agents of the Government of India or the State Government that they should stop immediately any attempt to think or imagine to destroy or destroy. HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Swain has five children and was born in 1982 and then again in 2002. From 2002 to 2020, he has been married to many women. many women.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Wanshan Kharkrang, Tournament Director in charge of Football, Bah Rangksan Mawroh, In charge of Accommodation of the players and DC East Khasi Hills Kong. The Laloo.
Besides distributing certificates to the trainees, startup kits were also distributed to the trainees to start their business.
Speeches were delivered by Babu P Myrthong, Assistant Teacher, UP School Mawsaw, Babu P. Snaitang, Headmistress of RMSA Secondary School, and Bah DB Iawphniaw, Acting Sordar of Mawsaw.
At the same time, the Waheh Shnongs urged the district authorities to take action on this issue and to take action on their demand which they have put before the Deputy Commissioner.
Speaking to media, he said, “We are not against the erection of signboards in the border areas but they should be erected from zero point.
There was no attempt to re-establish the GNLA, but these three people did this to intimidate the people and demand money from the rich.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong of Laitlum, Bah Phlas Kharumlong, who said that the Dorbar Dong is happy and grateful to Bah PT Sawkmie for the roads.
Nalin Mehta on Saturday inaugurated the ABDM Scan and Share at the hospital on the first floor.
In Byrnihat we have the same issue because we are near Assam, but the villages near Assam, like Tandu, Hograpara, etc which rely on food from Meghalaya are allowed to come and import food.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, said that the District Administration together with the police had to rush to the village. Emness Mylliemngap, who admitted that the cemetery is his property, has been banned from burying the old man in the cemetery between Lumrit Village and Emness Mylliemngap.
Former Amlarem MLA Stephanson Mukhim inaugurated the tournament as the chief guest in the presence of War Central MDC Holando Lamin as the chief guest.
They still remember and proclaim the drama, the traditional dance, the ksing-nakra, the put besli-singphong, the traditional Khasi song and the introduction of the Hindi dance. the first in Sohra.
Many have alleged that the census is to expel the Muslims living in the state.
At the same time, the group expresses its solidarity with all the victims of the riots and hopes that peace and order will return.
The final match of the tournament will be between St. Anthony's College and BBS College, and the final will be held on the 11th November, 2023, tomorrow at 8.30 pm.
Dignitary: the meaning of dignity is like a bright light in the face of the chief; lyndan is like a long-haired snowflake.
The scheme was implemented in 20 states with the participation of several Indian ministers, including Prakash Javadekar in Pune, Information Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in Chennai. Sushma Swaraj in Bhopal, Foreign Minister, Rajnath Singh in Lucknow, Home Minister and Smriti Irani in Surat, Education Minister.
The allocation for the State as a whole is 90 per cent from the Central Government and 10 per cent from the State Government, and 75 per cent from the Central Government and 25 per cent from the State Government.
Those who have received love from these need not worry because they have already established eternal love.
After walking forward we came to a large river called Umcherra.
In fact, many landlords have not received their payments.
These groups from the two organizations also urged the public not to take this issue stingy, but to follow the directions of the relevant authorities to avoid facing any problems later. existence.
The Raid Saw Symper has been celebrating since 2002 and continues today.
On the other hand, the CoMSO urges the people of the state to continue and not to lose hope.
The GNLA's threat is due to fear of the actions and hard work of the police to arrest them, Mehta said.
We remember that our poor State has been fined up to Rs 100 (shispah) crore by the NGH.
They said that this has happened not only to the salary but also to other allowances.
There were also comments that if the youth from the state have to take part in any tournament abroad they have to be forced to get support in all aspects.
Police have arrested the suspects and the investigation is ongoing.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on November 28, 2013, has immediately denied the allegation that the government has any plans to purchase helicopters for the purpose of serving VIPs in the state. The media also mentioned the financial difficulties faced by the government.
He said that there are many tragic incidents such as natural disasters which affect the lives of people and it is the duty of these groups to take responsibility how to provide immediate protection when there is such a disaster. these things happened.
At the same time, the Jirang MLA said that he has received information from people from Assam, who have requested from the health officials for the purpose of getting the injection. spirit of those who offer money.
In the men's category, Tyllilang Academy beat Unique by 57 points to
Finally, one of the elders who was present said that he does not like Bah Let to be the Rangbah Shnong.
The house, which was inaugurated by Bah Titos Chyne, who was the chief guest, was supposed to be used as a residence for the male teachers who came to train at the training centre. It was used as a storehouse for the equipment designed and manufactured by these trainee teachers and also as a laboratory room.
Looking at the emergence of dewbilat factories in these days, it is seen that it is only the plan of the factories department of the state government, the pollution control board and the understanding with these companies. There is no benefit to anyone and when you look at the market, you can see that the intention to open, the intention to expand or receive those benefits and others, is known only by the factory department of The State Government, but the people don't have any information, because these factories don't have rain, and even the electricity bill doesn't pay properly.
On the other hand, Bah Samlin also spoke on the changes in the political situation in the state.
It’s certainly been the case these days.
The rally was attended by senior leaders of the party including Bah DD Lapang, President MPCC, who is also the Chief Secretary to the State Government, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. , Government Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and Congress office bearers from Districts, Block and other places.
The price of tickets is T.30 per ticket.
Mawklot opened the scoring through Paila Rapsang in the 7th minute, but after half an hour Lummawbah managed to turn the tide through Deron Kharpuri in the 33rd minute. count mar shi column.
In the match, Johnny Nongrum from the state defeated Aditya Sanil in the qualifying category.
Doctor Retd and the need to maintain soil fertility was presented by Mrs. R Lamare ADO Thadlaskien Block.
He said that the three licenses issued by the government have been issued for a long time since before the opposition of the people of the state.
The Government wants the residents of the area to be able to play on the same level as other countries in the world and the people themselves have been able to use the stadium after the opening.
If you are removed, Tamil Nadu will not have any development.
The match will be played on 29th June 2023 between Jacquar SC and Umphrup SC (Smit).
The Singing Competition was held on the 10th of November, 2022 at the school grounds.
It is because of the lack of strong laws and regulations on this issue that many problems will arise in these days if we turn to the increase in the number of street children, theft, bad-kam smeh, part-time schooling of children, child marriage, unemployment, income generation and this has also affected the INFLUX of the Mynder, because when u Mynder has come to invade our beloved country which is the country of fish and milk. He has not read the nature of the nation. The Government has tried to curb the smuggling of Mynder and it is also in vain the hard work of the Seng Bhalang who are fighting to smuggle Mynder from time to time because of the persecution of the Jaitbynriew. in these days it is through the Shongkha of Shongman.
It is located in the south of West Khasi Hills District.
“We have put these issues in the manifesto and once the people are re-elected, the NPP will look into these issues,” said Prestone.
It was found that there are residents of Nongspung, Mawkynbat, Nongrangoi, Lumpyngad, Mawsngapwir and other villages who own farmland in Umyiap area. in the fields and they don't clean their fields after they have harvested the grain.
PREVENTION AGAINST INFECTED DISEASE:— Apart from the nutritional value of the food we eat, these sohmynken also contain the compound capsaicin which can prevent metastasis and can fight against infection in the body.
The fine is for the purpose of improving the behavior of us human beings, because anyone can be a carrier of the disease.
“All the speeches of Bah Adelbert should be rejected and deleted as they are against the list of issues discussed in the Legislative Assembly which has been placed on the table of all the members.
L.Pariat who requested the Prime Minister to help the children of the day laborers so that the government can provide about 10 percent share in the employment and education allowances.
This was announced by the Chief Minister while speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting.
With this victory, India will prepare for their second match against Bangladesh on the 5th and against Nepal on the 7th.
Pick-up trucks charge T.1300 and Bolero 4×4 charge T.1500,” said the Mawhati MLA.
In fact, the road from Sunapur to Huroi and Hingaria and also from Borghat to Muktapur is on the map of the Government of India under the jurisdiction of the Border Road Organization (BRO). The road has been left unfinished till today because the leaders want to employ their candidates during the elections.
These two teams are also the strongest in the country and everyone expects them to be the two teams to compete for the title of the Indian Super League. In the Durand Cup, it was also a very interesting and friendly match, in which both sides played hard and looked for opportunities to score.
Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, on 9th June, alleged that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (NPP) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) (NPP) has been defeated in all aspects.
Tresita Dkhar (Lapalang SC) won the best goalkeeper title, Ribashisha Khongwet (Nongmadan SC) won the best goalkeeper title and Inri dor Khongthaw won the top scorer title. (Eight SC).
In fact, even the Khasi-Jaintia Hills have been included, but the Government of Assam, which has its capital in Shillong, has not believed in including the Khasi-Jaintia Hills within the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. law.
The teacher is an electronics teacher.
At the same time, it can also facilitate access to health information.
In order for this to happen, it is necessary for the families of the Hynniewtrep people who have nothing to contribute to their sons and daughters so that they can put a pledge if they need to take loans from banks. they can establish their own businesses.
The song will be available from 11.30 pm on National Geographic, Hotstar and Star Plus.
“I really appreciate you Hep for thinking like that.
This shows that there is nothing behind it, which has prompted the WCMFMS to warn him.
Besides, when it comes to sports facilities to promote sports, it is still lagging behind.
The words of the sacrifice translated into the Kot language (Sohra language) are as follows, “Kiw
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said in the House that the state government cannot ban the smuggling of coal from Assam. Go through the rules of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
Football is the king of sports in Meghalaya, but many villages have expressed their regret that they have not been able to watch the Euro Cup 2020 properly due to the power outage in Nartiang.
Shillong, Naitung 9: Many residents of Pynursla have phoned Rupang to express their anger over the failure to watch the World Cup in the semi final. tonight between Brazil and Germany.
Shillong, July 18: The 1st Division Football League 2023-24 will be played at the SSA Ground today.
However, Bipin Kr Ray scored 16 runs, Sudhir Sahani 24 runs and Manish Sharma 15 runs (not out) to raise the total to 62 runs for the loss of 10 runs. Meghalaya scored 92 runs for the loss of wicket.
He said that as Japan needs up to 5000 nurses to work in the country and needs nurses from the North East, two Nursing Colleges have been opened in Guwahati. Students who speak the world language, English, should also learn Japanese.
The inspection was led by Bah Teibor Pathaw, Executive Member (EM) in charge of Land Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Laitumkhrah Constituency, Bah Fantin Lakadong.
In the second ODI, he scored 134 runs off 122 balls and shared 256 runs with Yuvraj Singh.
He said that these campaigns should continue in other districts as well, especially the Project Director of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society to conduct similar campaigns in Ri Bhoi District.
Following the order issued on 13th October, Dr N Mozika said that the preparations for the deployment of the 10 pyrtons of CISF will take about four months.
When asked for permission from the Lamphang to bring this issue today, the Lamphang said, “From what rules of procedure did you find and request to discuss this issue when only in today's list? “Only through my understanding and knowledge,” said Bah Adelbert.
The party also requests the party members and the government to come forward and provide assistance to this family.
Isn't it because they want to make the assembly a job so that there are only those who are rich and without rank? It was here that the poet Soso Tham said that the land of Hynniewskum will fall into darkness.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, immediately visited the school and promised to provide assistance from the government for the reconstruction of the school building up to T.1 crore through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund.
Prof. Jyoti V Vastrad, Dean of Community Science, Tura (CAU, Imphal) was the chief guest and encouraged the farmers to follow the farming methods. of scientific knowledge and technologies implemented by this institution.
In addition to Charlin, Aidashisha Shadap scored the second goal.
The leaders of the Dongdien include Rilang Pyrtuh as president and secretary.
This statement was issued by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Stevin Kharkrang.
Even if someone wants to continue, the secondary and high schools are far away and parents can no longer support them to continue their education.
The Israelites said, “We will be like all the peoples of the earth, that our king may judge us, and fight our battles” (1 Samuel 8:10-20).
East Khasi Hills has received the highest fine of T.3.76 crore, followed by Ri-Bhoi with T.92.7 lakh and West Jaintia T.49.9 lakh.
However, elsewhere, it is not known whether India will be able to compete.
The Wildlife Department has warned against other people who are involved in the illegal killing of wildlife. They will be punished under the provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, said Bah Wanphai Lyngdoh.
This is an extremely important task.
On the statement of the opposition AITC, the prime minister said, “If the government has tightened the protocols, why do they criticize and if it bans, why do they criticize? mind what they want".
If these cells continue to be exposed to light, melanopsin does not have the opportunity to continue to work with the neurons that are involved in the body's functional activities, which are involved in signaling to the brain associated with alertness, sleep or alertness.
Indeed, now as it is – the world has gone to follow Jesus – Amen.
don't worry about that shuki.
“I don’t mind withdrawing, from the fight; “It's been 4.5 years since I came back, I can still fight again,” said Bah Justice. He added that he has not yet decided to support anyone and when asked whether he will support him. “My goal is to overthrow the BJP government, the CPI is for the peaceful,” he said.
He says, “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
In fact, their lives are the most beautiful lives of all time.
Of this, T.6.00 lakh has been allocated for the land in Barapani (Meghalaya).
If we win from Sohiong, there may be a change, who knows because politics itself cannot be known,” he added.
They also met with the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara, Bah Jerimy Lyngdoh together with the leaders of the Khanapara Longkmie Seng and urged them to talk to the Dorbar Shnong, the Longkmie Seng and Kong Demdem Lynshing to work together to bring peace. The law and order in the villages especially in the border areas where many people from outside come to take advantage and do paid work.
They demanded that a new lineman should be appointed at Dulongnar and a new transformer should be installed at Umjarasi which can carry strong electricity, so that the people will not suffer from the shortage of electricity. the you por.
The stinginess of the company, which is working on this road, in which it has been left unfinished for more than a year, has made the work, which has been completed completely, since the construction and construction of the road, wasted. Even before cleaning the mawsalin, because now the road is filled with streams and ditches, from the color of the water.
No one was injured in the incident, but up to 30 houses were burnt down.
And that’s so much better than putting them in the worry box.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Thursday demanded that the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District should suspend the UGO Billing of MeECL which is planned to be implemented in Jaintia Hills.
The UDP has announced that the most prominent candidates for the post of President Bindo M Lanong, General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Paul Lyngdoh and and Metbah the High Priest.
Prestone Tynsong has urged NEHU to investigate.
Nongpoh: The driver and Nongbud of a fish truck from abroad, have been warned by several youths from Nongpoh area, after they found that the drivers of the truck Truck, they planned to break 10 trucks of garbage inside the Umling Forest.
Sixty on the ground, sixty on the money.
The church of the Bible cannot be called by reference to the creed, church bylaws, catechisms or church constitutions.
The Aam Admi Party (AAP) has won 63 out of 70 constituencies in the state of Delhi. this is the State Legislature.
Along with the police, communities, schools, colleges, universities and all citizens must work together.
I also urge those MLAs who are in the border areas to provide development works to the border villages,” said Bah Adelbert.
Tomorrow's match is very important for Langsning to win to ensure that they reach the top of the tournament.
Recently in the month of July he married his wife from Umsohsun but after about five months he died suddenly.
The source said that about 8 robbers had broken into the quarry with firearms and entered the office in the locker. They also managed to steal the money and fled the quarry.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today introduced a resolution in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya to demand that the Government of India should exempt Meghalaya from the citizenship process. Amendment Act 2019 (CAA).
Lorenza Songthiang, a BA 4th Semester student at Shillong College and resident of Laitkor, Kynton-U-Mon, along with nine other friends, went to take part in the championship.
Shilong: Heavy rain and thunderstorms have hit across the state today.
The Customs Department works closely with many law enforcement agencies to curb these crimes.
We should not force school children to become stupid but to make them true readers, who have the power of understanding, the power of understanding and the power to develop themselves.
The MPUF has sent its condolences to the family of Dolma and prays that God will bless her family.
However, when Hamas militants went to attack Israel, they took away as many as they could without knowing whether they were Israeli or foreign.
First, God's angels testified that Jesus was “risen,” as did those women.
Why don't the Dorbar Shnongs take action for their own good?
The Apple Society Nongstoin and the Pyndengrei Sport and Social Cultural Club are currently organizing the festival. part of life".
Such foreigners, who have been illegally imported without being searched or asked for documents, are often employed directly in various factories and to work in such factories. it is always for someone’s personal gain.
After being forced by the BSF troops, the smugglers fled and left behind their goods taking advantage of the forest and the darkness of the night.
Galaxy FC scored the first goal of the match in the 67th minute through Willbert Marbaniang.
Teinwell Dkhar, 60, said that he took this decision because of his health condition.
The two-day Annual Inter School Sports Meet 2023 organized by Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, which started yesterday, was held at the Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School. Fr.Vendrame Football ground, Law Roman, Mawlai.
Dolakha and Sindhupalchowk districts are the two districts most affected by the incident which happened today in which 19 people were killed in Dolakha.
These two teams, although they have qualified for the semi final, still have to play today to compete for the top spot in Group B. In the first match at 2:30 pm, In Group A, Laitkor SC, who have scored the most goals this season, beat PFR Football Academy 3-1
In 2021, he and 11 other Congress MLAs left to join the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
However, this decision will be taken and finalized soon, as preparations are underway.
He said that there are 17 vacancies in the rank of MPS and these have been invited by the MPSC. The Central Recruitment Board (MCRB) has been suspended due to the outbreak of COVID-1
The landslide affected the 270-km highway near Cafeteria Morh at 1 pm, closing the road connecting Kashmir to the rest of the country, the police chief said.
According to detailed information from the owners of the house, on the 15th morning, these two brothers and one of their brothers went to khwai in the river, but the younger brother, 15 years old, drowned. he stoned while trying to walk alongside his brother.
This is more than an emergency,” she said.
The contractor for the construction of the new legislative assembly – Badri Prasad was initially blacklisted for poor performance.
It can also be found in Khasi-Jaintia in more remote areas.
In a world of government job shortages, it is not beneficial for the youth if there are other types of education in this college so that the youth can stand on their own feet in their own jobs or in various companies. .
ASHA workers can now be paid monthly without delay.
Shillong: The Lympungdama Sports Club Nohwet, Shillong, has celebrated its Independence Day by organizing a carromboard competition this year.
Shillong, Lber : The Agriculture Insurance Co., Lber.
At this meeting, all the members of MEPA spoke and expressed their contribution, the contribution of Bah Lambok Thabah and his skills and good character.
After the arrest of these 12 Muslims, the union has arrested them for investigation and after the investigation, the union suspects that these foreigners are not Indians. for they had no documents to prove it.
ICSE-72%, Jowai Govt.
I'm sorry for you, Because of you, O country;The future of the country, the future generations,Where will they lead? scream, Ah! Who can hear? The children of the country begin to forget, Their uniqueness; Foreign customs begin to rise, The native culture begins to destroy.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Commissioner and Secretary in charge of Disaster Management, Bah Mawshanlang Kharmujai, said that no information has been received on the damage caused by the natural disaster.
“What surprises us is that if a driver who does not have a driving license can be fined but why can't a case be registered against those who illegally transport coal,” he asked. “There is nothing wrong with the Government's attempt to pass Ïakjakor laws to cover up crime.
He said many new natural disasters have been reported in different places, and we have to prepare ourselves for these.
“Everyone came to see, but others just came, the District Council has already planned how to improve the market,” he said.
We were happy and danced but perhaps the fighters at that time did not see far what would happen after a few years and if we complain about what is happening now it is really stupid.
Bhushan accused Chief Justice Bobde of riding a superbike.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal said that the Solar Park cannot be built yet due to the high cost and efforts are being made to supply electricity from the Park to the Grid. subsidy for transmission lines.
The government has set a target to provide foodgrains to 75 percent of the population in rural areas and 50 percent in urban areas.
Ali has played 64 matches and has scored 2,914 runs at an average of 28.29 and has taken 195 wickets in his career. play your Test.
You can join me, listen to my talks and more at your leisure.
On the last day, the final match was between Nongkhyriem and Lumshyiap and the match was very interesting in which Lumshyiap which failed to tied first managed to tied only 45 runs and lost all wickets. .
Therefore, along with other warnings and urges to these leaders to take that spirit of responsibility to protect the country and the people, Samla Lambok Star Marngar said that the KSU will not The KSU and the people will not accept the Railway while the government has not been able to implement the Inner Line Permit. head of government.
Speech was delivered by Bah D Rapsang, DYC of East Khasi Hills and Chief Guest on behalf of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Shillong.
At the meeting, the PDF handed over the task to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, to elect the MDC.
Nongsawlia Village is one of the shlems where great deeds for the nation have been done by the people.
Blackpink has brought fame and glory to South Korea by becoming the first group to be invited to take part in the Coachella Festival.
Kishan is the third Meghalaya player to score a first-class century for Meghalaya, after Raj Biswa and Dippu Ch Sangma.
He said that the victory of the VPP MP is a history in the state, in which the people have brought about change.
Seven MDCs including HDR Lyngdoh (Congress) who is also the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Metbah Lyngdoh (UDP), HB Nongsiej have resigned for fear of being nominated. (UDP), Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit (HSPDP), Bah KP Pangniang (HSPDP), Sanbor Shullai (NCP) all seven members of KHADC and Stephason Mukhim (Independent) of JHADC. Police in West Jaintia Hills have arrested two suspects, Rilang Synnah from Mukhap and Sngap Dkhar from Wapung.
One of the most painful things to see nowadays is that the wealth of Khasi-Jaintia has flowed abroad and from now on it is only a parcel of goods and the seat of government is outside.
There was also a declamation contest in which youths from different parts of the district took part.
The meeting was attended by the Commissioner & Secretary, Sports, Dr Vijay Kumar who promised to take action to look into these issues.
“We appeal to anyone who sees it to inform us.
Taking part in a question on the issue of farmers in the market, the Mawkyrwat MDC said that many Muslims who came to Mawkyrwat to buy biscuits, brought them with them. the Khasi people of Assam.
He said that when they left their house to console their neighbours, they forgot to turn off Mombati and those who saw that the house had burnt down, until the The fire broke out in the house, but fortunately there were no casualties, as the fire was extinguished with the help of the residents of the village.
In another development, the KSU Barato Unit in a statement through its President Samla Ehboklang Sten, has warned against the people who destroyed the dohum in Wah Mynriang by throwing bombs in the river, Pynap Jar. , ber medicine and so on.
Why would we fear that one year in jail and that fine? We have not committed any acts of violence but we demand justice in society.
Besides opening this higher education institution, the college management will also renew and improve the procedures to open other courses for the youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The All India Trinamool Congress has accused the NPP-led government of failing to implement the Motor Vehicle Act. to carry too much pud.
I'm sorry for the uneasiness.
Mawkyrwat, July 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of Phlangmawprah Area Unit today marked the 7th Environment Conservation Month. July, 2022 was celebrated with a short meeting at Esskay Secondary School Phlangmawprah and also the planting of trees.
In recent years, these acts against Christians have become more intense and numerous, and recently there has been a census of individual Christians, their families and Christian groups in Assam.
Anyone or relatives who have any information or contact with the child can contact the District Child Protection Unit, Jowai by calling No.9774878343 or Child Welfare Committee, Jowai and Ph.
Nongstoiñ, November 21: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the PDS for the month of November 2022, has been released through the distributors. 2.26 liters per card for AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA households.
Italy, United States of America, Spain, Brazil, India and other countries which have been severely affected by this disease, we see the horror of this disease more than we imagined, scientists The health department understands this better, such people have sacrificed their bodies and souls, they have slept tirelessly to protect many lives, many have survived and many have died.
In its manifesto, the TMC promised that mining will be allowed again in accordance with the scientific methods and the Mining Policy so as not to kill families and added that the policy will be in accordance with the rules of the law.
Besides the parents, the rally was also attended by youths, members of the HYC, KSU, VDP of the village, students from four schools and others. Many letters of condemnation have been written against this person who is suspected to have been involved in this crime which has shocked the village and the community.
He said that these tins are the best of the best which other leaders do not distribute like these.
The Waheh Shnong of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Alan Niangti and others were present at the ceremony.
However, at the time of writing, it is not clear whether the Nongstoiñ Police have arrested anyone in connection with the incident. Khasi from Nongstoiñ who were taken to Nongstoiñ Police Station for further investigation.
On the same incident, KHNAM has lodged a complaint with the SP East Khasi Hills, regarding the shooting of Malcolm Dkhar by the police of Barapathar Outpost. event.
Most importantly, they need an Agriculture Policy to be formulated by the government for the benefit of the farmers and agriculture as there is no policy yet.
The more you read, the more you will realize that the knowledge you have is limited.
In these four days there was a great competition.
Harry English hated Thomas Jones for his own benefit.
In tennis, three players were eliminated in the pre-quarterfinals while Sasha Kharbuli continued her journey after reaching the quarter finals today.
Shillong, Lber 3: The CSWO has strongly opposed the summons of a man from Thieddieng village for speaking out against the NEEPCO's encroachment on the land for the construction of the Mawphu Hydel Project without the permission. consent of the public and landowners.
The death toll from the coronavirus in India has risen to 11 and the number of cases has risen to
Shillong, November 31: “Longlive Khasi Chief.
The tournament was inaugurated by Samla Shining Kyntla Finance Secretary of the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People as the chief guest in the presence of Samla Dines Nengnong, school authorities, teachers and students. Participate in various games from march pass, mass drill and house races.
Nowadays, the Khasi are ruled by the poor in many ways, because they are more responsible for strengthening the football teams by buying players from abroad.
He said that Mawmang and Sder villages still have many needs but these people as of now do not need much other development works beyond the road.
Other speakers on the occasion were Pretty Roi, Adviser of UDP Women's Wing Ranikor Circle, Lista Thongni, President of UDP Women's Wing, South West Khasi Hills District and others. .
Therefore, I would like to ask those legislators who are sensitive to this issue, how many decades will you stay in this reservation policy in order to win elections? a statesman who is willing to make laws and work for the benefit of the people, the way is right for those who are not in government; I don't support the government.
One of the elders who spoke at the meeting said, “We have sent a sweet son whom everyone loves but it is here that we will see that David defeated Goliath”.
Nongstoin, Lber, 27: The Green Defenders of West Khasi Hills District, led by Bah Flydenstar Marngar, has been appointed as the head of the Green Defenders of West Khasi Hills District. The President and Jimfelson Kharpor, on Saturday last month, came out to clean up the Wah Nonbah in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: The State Government has recently introduced another tax in connection with Covid 19 and today, the owners of petrol pumps have come forward to demand that the Government should immediately remove it. The collection of revenue especially when we see that our state has been going smoothly, in relation to the global environment due to Covid
Before handing over these items, a meeting was held at the ground floor of Lad Wah Wapung church under the auspices of Tbn.E Sympli and speeches were delivered by Ngaitlang Shylla and Tbn.B.Bareh.
The village headmen said that the rules issued by the ECI say one person one vote.
In Group-B, Meghalaya will play its first match against West Bengal on 6th November, Jammu & Kashmir on 8th November and Kerala on 10th November.
Daiapherbha Lamare said that there are only a few workers on the road in Umkiang, but the deterioration of the road has been more than 60 KM from Mynkre to Ratacherra.
“Shim didn't eat anything.
If this is the case, many will rush to buy jhur/soh from non-drug shops even if they are cheaper because they have no side effects on health and they shall live longer and become old like the ancients.
Speaking at the short meeting, Steffi Niza W.Snaitang also expressed her feelings about her victory in the examination. it is through hard work and determination despite many difficulties.
JOWAI: The Raliang Mowkyndeng Tourist Owners and Drivers Association (RMNTO&DA) Raliang District, in a statement sent by the Secretary of the Association, Ma K Suchiang, on Tuesday said that the The government has decided to increase the price of fuel.
Shillong: Nineteen vehicles were stoned in Laban area today.
He said that they are surprised to find that in some blocks where women gramsevaks have to go to look after the work in places which are no longer suitable for their authority.
Shillong: A petition was filed in the Meghalaya High Court today against the ban on women from taking part in the Rangbah Shnong election in Pynthorumkhrah.
Please attend this Dorbar.
Similarly, if there are voters who have brought and shown EPICs received from the Electoral Registration Officer from other Assembly Constituencies, such voters should also be accepted and allowed to vote if the names of such voters are The vote appears on the Electoral Roll of the constituency where they intend to vote.
“I would also like to clarify that we have resigned from the TMC and my brother-in-law is the Block President of the TMC and the resignation has been informed to the BJP and he has immediately been reinstated as President. He joined the BJP and was informed by Bah Mawrie.
It is learned that at the time of the incident, those who were celebrating Dussera were watching the burning of Ravan, which was near the railway line and they were standing on the railway lines and It was at that time that the train, which came to this place, hit those who were on the railway line.
However, as it is now in various fields, others can write in their own language but we cannot because it is not yet recognized.
When asked whether she has any hope of winning the election where she will have to contest against two longtime political candidates, Grace Kharpuri, MDC from Nongshken, said that she is also from Nongshken. “The people of the area love me,” said Banalari Khongwar, who contested the 2013 MLA election and 2009 MDC election. and I hope that by the love of the people I shall win".
Can the additional allowance received by ASHAs really help and support them to meet the needs of their families and children? It is unfortunate that ASHAs every day go from one household to another to provide health care at a fee of only 1650 tyngka (in other States) and between 1850 and 2000 tyngka per month. month in Meghalaya.
The RBSU leader said that although many residents have complained to him that there are households whose water does not reach their homes as they should, it has been announced that pat that has been declared that the work is complete.
“I urge everyone to do their homework on whatever they say,” said the Minister. “For almost 15 years, this room after being built, has remained empty and unused.
Ma Lahkmen said that regarding the registration of marriages and deaths, the Waheh Shnongs have been urged to patrol their villages to reduce the gathering of people in such places.
There have been 36 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
There were more than 3873 voters.
Sadhu Sundar Singh traveled around the Khasi Hills and preached in many churches and at the Assembly held at Mairang in
Zaveri said he did not think to look into the condition of the school, the decision to send his child to the school was taken after consulting other parents. he does not know the nature of these teachers.
This will be implemented from November 2020 and is to strengthen the workload of those in charge of the health department and other guards to curb the spread of the disease. Covid-19.
Indeed, we have now reached a great difficulty in getting drinking water, especially in urban areas and even in rural areas which are more paid.
The victim was identified as Kong Phlisi Syiem, 79, housewife and Maitlynti Lyngdoh Marshillong. The 25-year-old, who is an employee of the house and has been living in the house with the owner of the house for a long time.
He said that the Seng has also submitted a petition to demand the full implementation of the Election, SDSEO Office, Registration, Treasury and others in the Sub Division. the people's problems cannot be solved.
The court also said that the order of the Session Judge brought by AAG ND Chullai cannot be accepted by the High Court.
He said the government will not hesitate to extinguish the fire for a few hours to curb the fire shortage in the state.
"The leading participants of the festival include leading singers and bands such as Ne-Yo, Ronan Keating, Sanam, Jonas Blue, SURL, Pink Panda, Kenny Musik and local bands. , which includes Meba Ofilia, Lou Majaw, Blue Temptation and many other leading singers and musicians from the Northeast of the country.
There are also foreigners who have sold the land in front of the Secretariat, in the bus stop at the IGP,” said Saleng.
Regarding the bills which have increased from T.1,370 to T.10,290 tyngka, if they complain, they have to check their meters while those who have already paid their bills have to check their meters. The office didn't do anything else because when they paid, it showed that they had paid.
“We have sought the opinion of the lawyers who are members of the BJP, who are involved to assist and advise the committee on how to proceed,” he said.
Under this CAP, many essential items such as computers, water tanks, plastic chairs and tables, toys, and other items have been distributed to neighboring villages and children. school.
Photos and videos showed dozens of others who had fallen on the roads and paths, as they were weak from the storm.
They also appreciate our cleanliness and purity.
Regarding this incident, it is learned that the Social Civil Organizations of the village have informed the Assam Rifles, who have sent medical teams to provide medical treatment to the victims. health care for these residents.
:Government Minister Amareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday inaugurated the Meghalaya Pavilion at the World Food India 2023 exhibition held at Pragati Maidan in New Delhi.
Shillong, March 27: The 4th Mawkynrew Cup was inaugurated by the MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Thursday at Jongksha Stadium.
Mizoram : The total number of voters in the state has reached 8,56,8
He also wanted the police to investigate the root cause of the incident at DHS, as such incidents are unacceptable.
500 tyngka will also be awarded to the 10th place winners.
Italians speak Italian.
Police have registered a case at Sadar PS and during the investigation it is highly suspected that a man from Mawblei area is involved in the incident.
The 18-year-old has played for Lajong in the I-League this year and will attend the national selection tournament to be held in Goa from 2-8 to 16-1 October 19 , where the match will be played against Qatar U-2
Donald Steven Wahlang, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA), has been elected as one of the seven others to become the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA). Vice President of the Basketball Federation of India (BFI).
Shillong, Lber, 03: Following the incident on the night of 20th June, 2013, the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong Urkaliar have been on patrol. to ensure that there will be no more such incidents within the boundary of the village.
However, on the other hand, he said that many of the states in the North East have not been able to use the funds allocated by the central government.
The stay of foreigners in camps, community halls or temporary shelters is also prohibited.
He said that Dr Laloo has failed to win Bah Andrew in the MLA election in 2018 despite his support and hard work to win him.
“As a party, we have not abandoned this issue to revise the Reservation Policy,” said Dr. Jemino.
They saw that the Congress had not come back to power.
“A letter of congratulations will be sent to Sanjiv Goenka for winning the ISL title and to understand the spirit of this team to make it a 'Mohun Bagan Super Giant',” he said. .
He also expressed the hope that this school building, which was inaugurated today, will help to improve the quality of education at this school for the benefit of teachers and students as well.
This government has also forgotten the work done by the former MPA government regarding how to resolve the border with Assam,” said the Sohra MLA.
He said that the officers have been directed to create the necessary mechanisms so that the target can be achieved.
“In this age of ours, it is difficult to find such people, why because of the needs of parents and sometimes they don't meet or see them.
Until now, many vehicles have been parked, many shops have been closed, many offices have been empty, many have employees and perhaps no odd or even numbers. it is not only on the mountains; but they too don't have enough money to give, because the price of the products has increased due to the deterioration of the market.
The landslide has destroyed 700 houses in the city, where roads, hospitals and other buildings have started to collapse, the report said.
The assistance was received from the members of the Executive Committee (EC) of the Dorbar Shnong, the villagers and others. The total expenditure has been T 20,000 as there have been others who have donated food items.
“When we hear such reports we take action to verify them,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: In order to raise funds to cover the expenses of any meeting or special program held at New Nongstoiñ Square, the Village Authority, VDPs and Youth Association of New Nongstoiñ, The 1st Mega Expo was held in collaboration with Khonglah Enterprise.
On the other hand, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, invited all the young athletes who came to take part in this tournament.
With an 11 per cent share in importing arms and ammunition, India has become one of the world's countries with the highest demand for arms in -22, which has held this position from 1993-2022," the source said.
God used to speak in a loud voice to the ancestors: to Adam God said – Where are you, Adam? In Eve God said – “What is this thou hast done?” He said to Adam – “Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which the LORD God commanded thee, saying, I have commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in pain thou shalt eat it all the days of thy life" Genesis 3:9-1
On the other hand, the President of Sein Raij Tuber, Helping Phawa, invited all the people of Hynniewtrep regardless of religious differences to come and witness this annual Behdeinkhlam festival.
Replying to a question by East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh in the House, Conrad said, “The government has not changed the map, but it has held firm. the map of 1979-80 prepared by the Government during these years”.
On the other hand, the farmers have requested the authorities or the government to please turn to us farmers to provide a proper road, so that they will not face the problem they have been facing for decades. however, the state government has not listened.
The Sordar said that in fact, Mintu Gauri was not born in Lyngkhat, but his brother (his father's father) was the first to come from Lyngkhat. He married a Khasi woman of Khongji clan, while his father married a non-Khasi woman and Mintu also married a non-Khasi woman. he brought it from Assam.
He said that the ILP is not a strong law, but because of the enactment of the CAA, the ILP is needed in the state and for this reason the entire House has accepted the ILP. Nongpoh: On the occasion of the inauguration of the Wah Mariong Bridge at Umtyrnga, one of the villages on the border of Assam and Meghalaya, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, said that it is a The government needs to provide many development projects to the border villages, as they are the border crossings for the Meghalaya-Assam border and to prevent infiltration. border of Assam.
From the top of the man, when he looked at this place, he saw that the ground was covered with earth without cleaning the dewbilat.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Pyndensakwang Unit has met several times with the Executive Engineer, the Sub-Divisional Officer of PWD Roads Mawkyrwat, and also the Contractor regarding the construction of the roads. The PMGSY road from Photumnew Road to Pynden Village.
Under the leadership of the Pynbha VO of Pammanik Village under Laskein Block, 42 ​​SHGs have built a Mahiia house at a cost of Rs. T.100525/-.
Speaking to media, the DGP said it was a golden opportunity for him to talk and discuss with the Rangbah Shnongs and the residents of Mawlai.
Shillong: KSU Mawprem Circle together with KSU Upper Shillong Circle, today evening raided drug dealers and users in Jhalupara and Cantonment area and arrested about 40 drug dealers. and equipment.
This means that it is necessary to listen and understand the rights of children.
On the same day, Ampareen also launched the Almanac 2024 entitled Meghalayan Scapes.
Prestone Tynsong has announced that if the NPP wins the majority in Khasi-Jaintia, Prestone Tynsong will become the prime minister if the NPP wins the majority in Lum Khasi-Jaintia. If the party wins a majority from Lum Garo, the Chief Minister will come from Lum Garo and may be James K Sangma or Agatha Sangma, daughter of Purno A Sangma. he died.
He said that from time to time, the group visits various government departments and meets with the police department through the SPs to get information on the measures taken by the government. The report of the Inquiry Commission has been released, but the matter remains in the dark.
He said that this decision taken by the state government is because in this disease there is a difference between those who have and those who do not have classes, especially in the rural areas, because they do not have the opportunity to they can teach Online to help the students learn.
KHNAM leaders including Adelbert Nongrum-former CEM, James Ban Basaiawmoit, Thomas Passah President Youth Wing and others said that this is the beginning of KHNAM's reservation policy. He said that their struggle is not to create any ethnic differences but for the future of the state. “Look at the educated people, we hope that our Garo friends will not disagree,” said Bah Batkupar.
In his speech, he congratulated Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem, CEM and Leader of MDCs from the Congress Party and Bah Jan Tynsong, MDC and EM for their hard work in bringing in the Act 2011 and Rules Traditional Healers to enable traditional healers to obtain a license from the District Council Office.
Through the statement of another businessman, Darshan Hiranandani.
That is why the Word of God says that there is no other Father, Reverend or Leader on earth except Jesus Christ alone.
She said that when the Governor of the state resigns, she does not mean to listen but there should be an independent investigation into this.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from West Shillong, Bah Mohendro Rapsang, on 3rd June has filed his nomination papers for the upcoming elections to be held on 27th June
and all these things are the signs of the division of the country and the nation.
The increase in the strength of the Yatra can be seen from the reach of Rs 10 crore in 22 days and Rs 10 crore in just 7 days.
However, it was said that the members and staff of the place forced him to drink more and more until he drank 2 liters of strong alcohol before he collapsed and died. also shortly afterwards.
In rainy areas such as Khasi-Jaintia, the farmer should not rain the fertilizer, as the rain will wash away all the nitrogen.
“There are block offices which are still Assam-type (tap tin) where from officers to employees find it difficult to sit and work,” said Bah Hamlet Dohling.
The Court is confident that the State Government will take action on this issue.
Your return or your second coming will happen.
Out of the 890 recoveries, 9 cases are from East Garo Hills, 13 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 535 cases from East Khasi Hills, 205 cases from Ri-Bhoi District, cases from North Garo Hills, 9 cases from South Garo Hills, 13 cases from South West Garo Hills, 6 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 52 cases from West Garo Hills, cases from West Jaintia Hills, 14 cases from West Khasi Hills.
We understand that the government has many strategies to delay in responding accurately to the demands of the people.
The raid was led by Bah BK Jana DSP of WKHD and was divided into three groups including police, VDP and Senglongkmie. of Nongstoiñ Market for the purpose of conducting inspections in various parts of the market.
“Furthermore, the leader who is also a former Minister of the state government said that this statement of the UDP leaders is just to give unfounded reasons.
Furthermore, India managed to score these three goals through midfielder Vivek Sagar Prasad who scored the first goal for the team. forward in the first game minute; Harmanpreet scored two goals in the 20th and 29th minutes from penalty corners.
On the delay in the implementation of the ILP even after the passage of a resolution in the Legislative Assembly, he said, “It is up to the Central Government to implement the ILP. I cannot speak for the Minister of Home Affairs or for the Central Government, so the answer is from the Central Government.
It is also a party that fights against Muslims and Christians.
Riticia Nongbet took two wickets for 48 runs in 10 overs.
Pynkhrawkupar Khongwet said that it was his father who founded Siengrity in
I don't have a tap or a reper because I don't have enough food at home.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam Sangma said that the NCERT books should have started from 16th July but due to the visit of the President of the country, it will be postponed to 25th July. months and this too will depend on the release of the Chief Minister.
The final between the two teams started on Sunday, with Meghalaya tied first by 108 runs while Nagaland tied 50/1 before the end of the day.
Meanwhile, the match in Tura ended in a 1-0 draw between Chipakkore Football Club and Warima Youth Club at Chandmari Stadium.
The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will start tomorrow, 1st October
In another match, Mulang Ialong beat Thadmuthlong Stadium 1-0
Rinaroy Bareh, Executive Member of the Umlong Dorbar Shnong, confirmed that the NoC was issued by the former Waheh Shnong and not by the new Waheh Shnong.
According to a statement issued by the State Nodal Officer, Meghalaya Street Vendors Scheme, the survey between these dates will start from 7 pm to 10 pm, 11 pm to 5 pm, and from 7 pm. 10 o'clock in the evening.
Byrnihat area is also one of the largest areas in Ri-Bhoi where there are also ethnic minorities and the reason why this area has become one of the garbage dumps is because there is no garbage dump. There is a garbage dump in the area where the residents have turned it into a garbage dump and it has turned into a marten. and the multitude went and came.
Karunya, the daughter of Venugopalan Govindan, died in November 2021 after being injected with the covishield vaccine.
Many of the problems faced by them were expressed at the meeting and they also expressed the lack of parking space due to the lack of no stopping zones and the inability of the district transport office to issue permits. vehicle such as permit when renewed on time and so on.
The CBI's investigation into its warehouses has revealed that many irregularities have been found in its purchases of equipment, especially in relation to projects funded by Science & Technology and Forest. & Environment.
The Shillong Lajong U-21 team has left Imphal after heavy clashes broke out in Manipur.
Lajong are currently in sixth position in the points table and their next match will be against Delhi FC on Tuesday 22nd November from 2 pm at SSA. Stadium, Shillong.
Looking back at the situation in our state, it is a khadar rule.
“It is the mistake of the leader of Meghalaya to go into politics without going through the party first,” said Shibun.
" Kongthei asked with a smile.
Shillong, Nailar 19: Following the incident of killing of three persons by the mob in Smit, the Dorbar Shnong Smit has said that it has not received any information that the three persons who were killed by the mob have role in crimes in the past.
Conrad said that Dango has resigned from his MLAship for the benefit of the Ranikor Constituency.
UNICEF education chief Chance Briggs spoke to African media about the plan to reopen schools in Ethiopia.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Don congratulated Moonlight for his hard work in developing his talents. picture of the writing which he has prepared although the work of writing is very difficult.
This includes 14 districts in the North East covering all five states of the North East.
Derick Randolph Shangpliang, 40, won the title of Youngest Participant.
We just hope the changes are always for the better and not from worse to worse.
The district authorities have immediately prepared food items, such as biscuits, drinking water and other items as many passengers have been stranded on the road.
I lost against her at the Junior Nationals as well.
However, many members of the LGBTQ community did not come out because they were still afraid of being harassed by the people, and even on this day, some people who walked by did not support them. him.
Fijians believe they came from the land and the sea.
The VDP Rally was also attended by Kong RM Kurbah Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District as the chief guest, along with Bah CSyrti SP Ri-Bhoi, Police Officers from DSP, Inspectors, Sub-Inspectors and hundreds of people from different villages of Ri-Bhoi District.
The Meghalaya LP School Contractual Association (MLPSCA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to express their grievances. trouble.
He expressed the hope that the scheme will promote industrial activities in the North East to increase employment and income generation.
The letter was distributed in Garo Hills in the form of a leaflet where some Congress leaders received the letter and lodged a complaint with the Election Commission. it causes racial discrimination and contains racially discriminatory speech.
Referring to the Jowai Municipal and Jowai Garbage, Wailadmiki said, “I have been an MLA for only five years, what have the leaders of 28 years ago done?
On the other hand, they said that there is a need for at least three stadiums in the city to host the biggest sports events in the country.
Officials said that the meeting between the three countries may be held soon but it cannot be explained in detail at this time until it is fully arranged and prepared.
You don't know why you don't know why you don't know why you don't know why you don't know why you don't know why you don't have Dkhar, or Phareng or Garo. khasiHaha I'm not sure what to do.
He congratulated the Government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council authorities who have passed the Act, 2011 to recognize them.
Regarding the examination and screening centres, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has set up screened centers in each district and two more centers have been set up as part of their convenience. Government authorities to accept and screened youths from abroad.
They identify themselves with the land on which they cultivate, work and cannot live or become a nation without the land.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,257 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
So these customs were written in writing.
All applicants are welcome regardless of their background and must also bring documents proving that they are residents of the war area.
Jowai, March 18: Pottery has been a source of income for the residents of two villages in West Jaintia Hills.
It is gratifying that Nongkdait Nongtwah has reached its third RTA.
If Conrad and Prestone want to feel sorry for them, they should invite them to their homes.
“When foreigners can stay illegally in this area, we too will stay illegally.
The days went by and the week came and went.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the DM&HO promised to take action to provide water within a day and the union said that if it cannot provide water or accept the patients, it will close the door or take other measures. The CHC should take responsibility for this.
In today's match, there were many talented players who scored centuries, the team that scored the most runs and the first team to tied all 50 overs.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (I/C) of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang, Bah A.Nongbri, has directed all commercial vehicle drivers and shopkeepers throughout the Mairang Sub-Division to strictly observe the safety measures. from the COVID-19 pandemic.
These are also strong enough to support environmental sustainability protect climate change.
“According to her, there are now five months before the elections, so because there are no candidates in Congress, they cannot go back or apply for tickets.
Shillong, July 19 : Meghalaya will play again in the semifinal of the Ranji Trophy against Bihar on the fourth day with 436 runs needed to win.
But it was a dictatorship because violence applied in all directions.
He said that the announcement of the Sports Policy will promote the athletes of the state.
A joint meeting was held today between the Leaders of the Seng and the Office Bearers of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and Longsans of Upper Shillong in the presence of officers of the AH& Veterinary Department including Dr.B. Rapthap, Deputy Director, Dr.S Nongbet, Dr.R.Sumer and others, expressed their strong opposition to the state government's intention to hand over the veterinary officer. place to the Department of the Air Force.
The Rangbah Shnongs will start with a meeting in front of All India Radio opposite the MBOSE office at 11 am before the march.
The Telangana government has said that seven people who took part in a religious ceremony at Nizamuddin in Delhi have died of Covid-1
Shillong: The NPP will win the Rajabala and Mawryngkneng constituencies while the UDP will win the Mawphlang constituency.
The spokeswoman said she had received this information through her sources but Dr Mukul continued to insist, “How did you get this information”.
The first semi final will be played on Friday between Ri-Bhoi and South Garo Hills.
He said that the police's struggle to curb the insurgency has not been easy and most of the time they have arrested and seized the firearms of these militants besides the smuggling of the firearms.
Joannes JTL Lamare, urged the people to take advantage of the assistance they receive from ICAR as it will benefit them.
“Although as a household we acknowledge the need for sustainable education, we have decided that this education system should also introduce other forms of education that can make it easier to create jobs by bringing in There is no vocational institute.
“To say that the meeting was two-sided, Bah Titos should explain this to the party, because everyone has seen and witnessed that he has unfairly criticized the MDCs who want to resign. I don't know why the 4 MDCs are so encouraged.
Jowai: The village of Namdong – A West Jaintia Hills District, has lost electricity in a village since 19th July 2018 and the village has informed the SDO on 21st July 2018 and till date the SDO The engineer in charge of the site replied that there is no transformer in the office.
However, until this point, the government seems to have no eyes and no ears.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U BJP Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday said that the new Chief Minister of Meghalaya will be from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). .
There Sohblei Rumnong prayed and prayed to the Suidnia Longsyiem.
“The government has spent T.500 crore to pay salaries and if it is provincialized it will have to spend another T.400 crore,” he said.
The case was filed in connection with a complaint against Rakesh Yadav, SDE, and Mahendra Singh, Principal General Manager, for allegedly demanding money from the complainant. , the CBI team said.As confirmed, a criminal complaint for punishment has been sent to the complainant by the PGM and the investigation and trial in this regard is pending.
The Minister said that the total allocation for Tura is T.338 crore, while for Jowai T.79.8 crore.
Dr.P.Nadon praised St.Xavier, Umoid for being a school that preserves the Khasi customs and traditions and promotes the traditional dress by wearing uniforms in schools. read.
Speaking to media, Bah Renikton said the purpose of the inspection was to find out whether the water shortage is due to the low water supply to the water tanks or due to the lack of water supply to each household. .
Ltd and M/S Abhi Coke Pvt.
The APL in Muktapur has not existed since the partition of India and Pakistan in
The body of the deceased has been placed at the morgue at Khliehriat CHC.
The HNYM said that it is ready to fight at any time with any foreign forces who want to intimidate the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep. I also urged our fellow citizens not to be afraid to respond to these threats because if they affect our fellow countrymen, we will not forgive anyone for the sake of protecting our fellow citizens.
“We welcome visitors to the lights decorations inside the village which will be completed on the night of 3/01/2021,” said Apmon Pachiang, Waheh Shnong Moolamylliang.
The Government has also received the allocation from the Central Government for the Western Bypass but the problem is that the land compensation is much higher than the cost of constructing the road.
Adelbert said Dr. Kharlukhi, who is also an MP of the Rajya Sabha, should not lie, as the NPP in the state has agreed with other parties in the House to approve the implementation of the ILP. He said that it is under the leadership of the NPP government that there is no coal mining in the state due to the NGT ban. but from time to time the bodies of the dead were found in the coal mines.
Prestone said that looking back to 1972, the difference that has existed until now is inexplicable.
The houses are standing tyngkhap to destroy the appearance of the whole river.
Metor khar and weapons, which they carried during the raid, on Thursday:Wlytan.
She made her Bollywood debut in Om Shanti Om. Although she has suffered losses in some of her films, there have been other films that have helped to promote her career. the work that she does and those who have earned it.
When the brother, who was the wife of the writer, died suddenly, in the middle of the writing, the parents were in great sorrow; But at that moment, the thought came from the mother of the writer and that was that Manjesh, would marry her sister, Nisha.
The program was inaugurated by the Secretary Shnong, Shri Nicholas Lyngdoh.
Many of them have complained and praised Lahkmen for not caring about the small and the ria and the expectations of the people until now even though the end of the term has not been fulfilled.
He said that this power outage has affected the income, trade, education of the youth, as well as the day laborers as all the equipment now uses electricity.
Non-NFSA rice will be sold at a price not exceeding Rs.14/- per kg.
Shnongrim SC and Narwan SC won the Super League Football Tournament organized by the Sapung Block Sports Association (SBSA) on Saturday.
The wife has filed a complaint that her husband has not been able to sum or khi tmain for months.
If people do not find out, government departments and authorities suspend the assistance to which people are entitled.
I urge the government departments, district authorities and tourism authorities to come forward and help so that The village will be able to improve and if we can improve this tourist attraction perhaps it will become one of the most famous tourist attractions in the state or even in India.
Many people are misled by the short-sighted idea that the people will have to face a slowdown in development when their MLAs are in the opposition.
The forests have been destroyed for personal gain, the customs and traditions have been destroyed, the workers have been destroyed as an issue.
They also said that if it is during the rainy season, it is not difficult, because the Mahindra pickups are very light.
Jowai, Nailur 27: The Khynroo Khyllood Chilliangraij Committee (KKCNC) on Tuesday celebrated its 10th Anniversary of its journey to educate the children of the traditional religion about the beliefs of the ancestors.
According to the Exit Polls conducted by many national news channels, the NPP will win the most MLAs, followed by the TMC and other parties like the UDP, BJP. and other Parties.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 24 : Shillong Lajong Football Club scored 10-0 against Lumdiengngan Sports Club in the Meghalaya State League (MSL) tournament at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
This is the story of Ruth and Ruth was the mother-in-law of King David of the Jews.
Shillong: Only four election organizations in the state have applied for elections.
This allegation was immediately denied by the Chief Minister.
Therefore, we need to be careful about what we hear and see through social media and the Internet.
He said that the government intends to extend the 8 kilometer road to Shella, but he expressed his regret that even the 8 kilometer road has not been completed.
Dr Bounty Marvelous Suliang, Figo Syndai, football player of Langsning Sport Club and Dapmon Syngkor, photographer were also honoured.
The VPP said that the party's objectives are to provide a strong Khaddar Governance under the leadership of competent leaders who will develop the state for the better future of everyone in the state.
On the same day, Sangma also launched the trophies of the 132nd tournament.
“The New Shillong Township Water Supply Project and the Greater Ampati Water Supply Project in South West Garo Hills are the same scheme, but the difference is in the amount of water,” he said.
However, on Tuesday, Taiwan's defense ministry saw another 55 aircraft flying around the country's border as well as seven ships. large wars in the seas near the border of that country.
Nongstoin, Nailur 27: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) Nongstoin Constituency has announced that the general meeting of the party will be held on the 30th of this month at the Bishop Hall Nongstoin at 10 am. :30 AM.Dmikstar Lyngdoh Adhoc Joint Secretary PDF Nongstoin said that there will also be a welcome ceremony for those who join the PDF Central Body. .
The former central midfielder for the Indian team was overjoyed after the state team qualified for the final for the first time after Punjab beat Punjab 2-1 in the semi-final on Tuesday night.
It is also a time of the winds of change from the authorities and foreign thought which have affected the traditional thought of the nation.
Therefore, the union sends a message to the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam if they have any intention to send an inquiry into this incident to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) or the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). The FKJGP has said that there are many foreigners in these areas and it will hold another meeting to discuss and take action. You must not issue a 'Quit Notice' to any foreign country in this area.
It is learned that when the man stopped the vehicle, the man robbed the driver and the owner of the vehicle of T.11,000 tyngka.
We lack another 13,000 metric tons to fill ourselves with fish.
This is just an attempt, said the police statement.
In fact, Ladthadlaboh had hoped to hold the top spot, but due to the defeat to Niaw Wasa United, they dropped to second place.
And we see that now they have started to eat especially during this time when the markets are not open.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat David & Lois Rees Memorial School 2-1
Also present on the occasion was Bah Eddie G Kharbani, Rangbah Shnong, who gave short speeches on the occasion and the leaders of the Seng Kynthei Lumnongrim.
May God bless us all and keep us healthy in all aspects,” said a statement sent by Ohibait Dkhar, President, Cherity.
The two arrested and charged by the Assam Police were identified as Chewan Sangma and Simkalson Sangma. appeared on October 14 in the village.
They were accompanied by the leaders of KSU-South Khasi Hills under the leadership of Samla M.Bynnud President. The meeting decided to oppose the distribution of Atomic Energy in the village and to demand that the KHADC should not issue NOC at all. If they intend to force this, the people will protest.
Shillong, July 05: The Leader of the Opposition Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has strongly criticized the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for having a bad attitude. He also urged the people to vote in the elections to the Legislative Assembly 2023 in the State.
Shillong, Nailur 11: U Bah RG Lyngdoh, former Minister of State for Home Affairs and Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) today addressed the function of the Minister of State for Home Affairs. On the occasion of the 18th Anniversary of the UDP, he spoke about the problems faced by the state due to the lack of jobs for students.
These words, Bah K.Muktieh, said in front of the Congress MLAs and MDCs during a meeting at Jatalong village. They should express their grievances, so that the Congress can advocate and convey them to the Legislative Assembly of the State Government.
According to the residents of the area, the electricity supply in the area is not accurate, where since earlier until now the electricity is not accurate and as it is until now. The people have been living without electricity for days.
He said that last year, because the people were suffering too much in coming and going, they couldn't help but repair the timber road themselves, with the help of the timber supply workers. .
No matter how sick you are, you can change your mindset and have a hopeful attitude.
After RCB won the first leg of the match, there was a clash between Kohli and Gambhir. The event was attended by many players and managers of the two teams.
Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong and government ministers. on the demarcation of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that at 1:30 pm, reports had spread that there had been a forced conversion at the house of a Pastor and a Tymmen. Bashan.
“The letter has gone to the Prime Minister,” said Tyllilang Myrthong, President of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram.
Balius said they wanted to meet the Chief Minister and the Secretary Chief Minister today, but they did not have the opportunity to meet them as they were not in Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 18: The body of Bah Hubert Marthong, one of the rawon who was carried away by the flood, has been recovered by the Village Authority of Maweit Village. six months ago.
Tura: Rakesh A. Sangma, former Speaker of the GHADC, today was elected as the new Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the GHADC with 15 votes. The former CEM, who contested against Rakesh, received 13 votes.
The Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns this and we have lodged an FIR against these robbers with the Officer Incharge of Muktapur Patrolling Post,” said the Secretary Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The death of Balsan Marak in police custody has been the subject of intense protests in Garo Hills. suspected to be an employee of the GNLA has died in police custody.
“Agatha K Sangma, MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency, welcomed the guests and Governor Phagu Chauhan delivered a speech.
In this statement, the KSU also informs the police and the government that many of the members of the KSU have been martyred in the struggle and those who are still ready to surrender themselves for the cause of the Jaidbynriew. until the Ri Khasi is cleansed of the authorities.
He said that after receiving a tip that a drug trafficker from Kalain area was planning to leave for Khliehriat area carrying bags of drugs to smuggle drugs, A team of ANTF and Lumshnong Police Station set up a camp near Lumshnong Police Station.
Besides, whether the state government and the forest department can ensure that these factories will not cross the border to extract this mineral? it is due to the presence of dewbilat factories in the area.
Speaking to reporters, the three MDCs said that their resignation from their respective parties is not for any reason but because of lack of hope for the party. the future of the party they belong to.
“The time has come for us to unite to fight against the invasion of foreign laws whether by the state or central government,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
In this regard, he requested the DC of Ri-Bhoi District to declare a public holiday for banks in the coming years, as all government offices, schools and colleges have been closed after the The DC of the District has issued a leave of absence.
Anjana was killed on her way to Lady Keane College between 10 am and 12.30 pm.
In a statement, the JNC and the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) have criticized the government especially the Congress leaders for delaying the report. to provide justice to the families of the victims.
The ASPIRE program is one of the training programs for the youth in many areas besides schooling and others.
The PHE department has already inspected and started works on the water supply of the new building and also the forest department to beautify and plant trees in the right places in the dorbar hall. creation.
All the students of Class XII Science of the school were allowed to present their findings on the demonstration and to give marks to the students of BSc 6th Semester through feedback forms and score sheets.
Meanwhile, Harivansh, Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, has started a 10-day hunger strike because he feels he has been insulted by the opposition in the House. of the National Assembly.
However, according to information, the vehicle of the Roko Trust was parked at the Shillong Civil Hospital.
Now vehicles will have to comply with BS-IV emission norm and companies will have to prepare new engines, which will not pollute the environment or which will be known as BS VI in the coming years.
Take nothing for granted, and be content with your wages" Luke 3:1
The EPFO ​​will take the necessary measures to ensure that there is no misuse of benefits under the ABRY and other schemes implemented by the EPFO. on 11th November 2020, as a day of mourning, throughout the North East.
Shillong, July 18: U Cornelius Kharkongor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawtawar, on Tuesday said that Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie is like Lionel Messi, the Argentine football star.
If not appointed, in the end the family members and children of the NPP leaders and MLAs will be appointed. Therefore, there is no difference between the TMC and the NPP while they are willing to promise to provide thousands of jobs. .
They don't have such a cold time like this.
Only 18 men and 19 women from the state will have the opportunity to take part in the tournament.
This was due to the strong earthquake of Cyclone Mahasen, which struck eastern parts of Bangladesh.
The arrested include Shah Alam Majumdar, 32, who is also Vice-President Commissioner of Ward No. 6 and Gulab Wajid, also known as Tinku, residents of Natun Ramnagar Part IV. South Silchar, Cachar District.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, after opening the meeting, said that the government has decided to complete the task of appointing the Lokayukta in the state.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, who cannot read well in English, as explained by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, but read in Hindi, on the day of the Budget Session, On the 20th of October, a group of four Prah MLAs, to protest and leave the house, as a sign of their opposition to the Governor, who reads in Hindi, The MLAs don't understand ei-ei, except who knows.
With this victory, Lajong have moved up to fourth place in the I-League 2023-2
He said there is only one way and that is for the farmers to stand together and hold a dorbar bah of the farmers and hold strong protests and all the farmers should unite. .
He said it was the BJP which exposed corruption in the government two years ago.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has demanded the dismissal of two employees of Topcem Company, who are foreigners involved in the shooting. to beat up those who protested against the rally, yesterday.
Cameron is expected to hold talks with Putin this evening and said the three countries are ready to suspend more and more trade with Russia if do not agree to leave before the day of judgment.
The permission for this meeting was initially granted by the Executive Magistrate in accordance with the order dated 27th July, 2017, and after this it was decided to postpone it to 7th November for reasons. inevitable.
He also recalled that 15 Police stations have been upgraded in the state.
