Officials of the CBI team found that Mondal was involved over 168 properties and properties that came to light during and after 2014.
At the meeting, KHNAM and HSPDP made it clear that they want to implement the ILP and acknowledged that only the ILP can prevent and curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the country. the state.
Singh said Balsan was in police custody for 10 nights before being taken to court on 14th June along with four others.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that it has no intention of withdrawing from the NPP-led Meghalaya government. until the end of the season.
Even the mother doesn't know, the father doesn't know what to do.
That is, to extend the kingdom of Israel from the river of Egypt to the river Euphrates.
They convince their supporters that they cannot help or benefit if they do not join or participate in the party in government.
He said that as the DC has said, the acquisition of land for the army has been challenged by the High Court, but as the residents who have suffered many violence and violence by the army. They have decided to appeal to the Court to hear the grounds of the people's opposition and if the government continues to take over the land, they have also decided to invite the people to the office. The DC in Nongpoh to express his strong opposition on the grounds that the people are against giving land to the army in the area.
Here we are not talking about the income of the rich, but only about the income of the residents at the bottom of the pyrnon and it can be seen that the loss and damage has been in the tens and thousands. crore.
The government's concern over the confusion after the signing with the company has turned the attention of the government and it has decided to take a more transparent approach to the resumption of the project.
The reason for this is that the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, when he signed the MoU, did not bring it to the Assembly for discussion.
“I have directed the CE of National Highways (to investigate) whether the allegations are true or not and we will look into such irregularities in the projects whether it is roads or any other projects. projects in Meghalaya should not happen,” said Bah Tynsong.
Nongrah won the title last season by beating Mawtawar 1-0
The program was implemented from 6th July 2022 to 18th July 2022 by the District Disaster Management Authority, Ri Bhoi District. Different districts of Ri Bhoi District have received training on how to provide protection and assistance to the people in times of calamities.
Therefore, same-sex marriage is not ordained of God.
Jowai, July 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to all cyber cafe owners in the district to register under Rule 3 of the Meghalaya Cyber ​​Care Rules IT Act 2000 and IT (amendment) Act, 2008.
It is necessary to discuss the need to amend the Reservation Policy because for more than 51 years, it has been the same while many changes have come especially in the field of payment.
This man of Bengali descent belonged to the Rymbai clan and was known as Raja Sharma Rymbai.
They say that it is a bad name.
The funeral service will be held on 9.3.2023 at 2 pm from his residence in Pohkseh at the Jaiaw Presbyterian Church in Weiking.
Dr War said that at the time of signing the bond, they wanted to study medicine and they had already got a seat.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest, Bro.
The meeting was held only for the Rimuliang zone which includes one polling station.
Therefore, this time too, there will be many political parties that will fight to reach the goal whether they are national parties or regional parties.
The second district team was from Ri-Bhoi District which won 16 medals including 8 gold, 2 silver and 6 bronze medals.
They also said that if the state government through the education department allows to teach books in schools or colleges through this book, the Seng Khasi demands to include the book, 'Ka Risaw Ka Khasi Religion' and 'The Theology of Khasi Religion' written by Bah H Onderson Mawrie, in the MBoSE syllabus and also other religious books like the Veda, the Hindu Ramayana.
“To compare the responsibility of Dr Mukul Sangma in Williamnagar, when Dr Mukul Sangma was in office as the Chief Secretary, is not right because at the time of the murder in Williamnagar, “The police are involved, but now the incident of the death of six coal miners is the illegal act of some selfish people and we should not blame Bah Rymbui,” he said.
Phulbari MLA SG Esmatur Mominin demanded a thorough investigation into the incident, which killed the two traders.
In the afternoon, u Samla Rangbah was the Chief Guest to closing the Mawlai Nongkwar Inter Dong Knockout Football Tournament organized by the KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit which started on 10th July Mac Iver Thabah Vice- President KSU Mawlai Circle.
He said the central government cannot grant ILP without proper consideration and cannot reject the demand for ILP without proper consideration.
After this, he joined Shillong Polytechnic and completed his studies in Mechanical Engineering in
The child was rescued after she cried out for help.
“We will not refuse to hold this protest because the State Government has not paid the honorarium properly, and the second is to demand an increase in the salary of the school teachers,” he said. .
Timmy Ryngkhlem and Romiric scored the first goal for Mynthong in the 29th minute.
Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang in a meeting with Indian Foreign Minister S. Jaishankar on Friday said that India and China need to bring peace when related to the border dispute, in order to bring peace and stability on both sides as well as to strengthen and strengthen neighboring relations.
On the occasion of the opening ceremony, the Youth of the Seng Niam Tynrai also performed a traditional dance by the women and men. their religious leader.
Nongpoh: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek together with the Director of DHS, Dr. AL War, today visited Ri Bhoi, for information. from the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, on the measures taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in the state.
To the east of the Dewlynnong is the long Thum Valley.
There were also songs and dances with the participation of the school children.
On the other hand, the union has urged the Deputy Commissioner to expedite the submission of the reports to the union. The issue is to restore a safe and adequate road which will not cause any problems to the vehicles and passengers who pass through this road on NH-6
The program was concluded by the Secretary of JSM Wahiajer-Ummulong Area Rihokbhami Dhar.
Shillong, July 08: The people whose houses have been destroyed in Mawlong Mawtari for more than three months have been left in darkness. They have been arrested by MUDA on charges of illegally occupying the area.
He said that this will be the fourth time that the tournament will be held and the prize money for the tournament will be 2 lakh tyngka.
Under the unorganized worker (UW) scheme, people between the ages of 18 to 40 years can register and receive T.3000 after they turn 60 years of age.
Although there is no prohibition for political parties or candidates to appeal to the people, it does not mean that they should promise to inform about the rule of law, because it is the life and death of society. society, community, and affecting the development and livelihood of the people.
Well, the past is over, but what is needed in this present effort to plant 15 million trees is that these should survive until they become big trees.
Prestone Tynsong said that the management of NHAI has already met with him recently to discuss the matter.
Therefore, when the two prime ministers have decided to start the second border settlement, we will start here and I hope it will not be too late.
However, in the end, we should not be surprised why the UDP has not won a single seat from Ri Lum Garo as we should not be surprised why the NPP has won more seats. and We Lum Garo.
However, at the same time, he admitted that the NPP candidate Martin M Danggo has been on target to win this election because the people understand his dedication for the good of the people. miat who bun church.
The coronavirus has killed more than 4,000 people in England, according to the government, according to a report. .
When contacted by Mawphor, VPP President Ardent Basaïawmoit said, “We have given 48 hours to the government and we don't see that it will listen to the party. “Our demand and on our part as we announced on that day that we will hold a strong protest if the government orders and on Monday we will announce what action we will take”.
Vehicles carrying food and meat will also receive a pass issued by the District AH & Vety Officer, while vehicles carrying fertilizers will also receive a pass issued by the District Agriculture.
On the other hand, the High Court said that although there are cases on illegal mining and transportation of coal and although there have been orders from the NGT and Supreme Court, and although the High Court has issued orders, The state government has not done anything to inform the court about these letters especially the letter written by the Union Minister to the Chief Minister.
The sudden introduction of 144CrPC by the District authorities has surprised many journalists and when inquiring, sources said that it is due to the visit of the Chief Minister tomorrow. On the 1st of July, I went to Mawkhar-Shillong to inaugurate the Multipurpose Hall.
In Shillong, the tournament was inaugurated by Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, DGP Meghalaya and Brig Surender Sharma, HQDGAR at the Assam Rifles Football Ground.
Those who have experienced this crisis – from the loss of family members, displacement, burning of homes – understand that it is not a joke, but a painful disaster and that tough.
The match between Jarain CSC and Thangbuli SC ended in a 2-2 draw in the Super Division Football League organized by the Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) at Lad Japlem Stadium on Tuesday.
These facts are in conflict with the belief of Mr. Rymbai.
When asked by email, Pastor PBM, whom he will support in this election, he replied, “Hap thew hap woh shwa mo” and when asked whether he will vote or not, Pastor PBM said, , he said, “I haven't thought about it yet”.
King Wickliffe passed away on 21 October
This is a warning that the world has suffered especially during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In West Garo Hills, 57 people.
However, the police are investigating from all sides before taking any action.
Thus, the body was recovered from his body after a struggle of about 2 and a half hours.
SURE is pleased that schools and teachers are continuing to cultivate in these school gardens even though the project has ended.
At this workshop, the Congress discussed how to strengthen the rule of law and to serve the people and to bring unity in the party among others.
The date of receipt of applications will be on 24/05/2019 and 25/05/2019 from 11 am to 4 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Joint Action Committee of the All Meghalaya Farmers Union (JACAMFU) will hold a public meeting tomorrow at 11.30 am at Nongstoin Market.
On the roads we should not be slow but we should be more thoughtful and polite when someone carries the Diengduh Lieh.
He said that Bharat Mata wants people to sacrifice themselves for it.
Shillong: U DP Chief Leader Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that the state government should set up an inquiry into the illegal mining and trade of coal in the state.
He also appealed to all the readers from Meghalaya to donate books to the library for the benefit of the police working in Delhi.
According to a statement, many of the workers from Mawlai have to go to work in Upper Shillong, Laitkor, Ri Bhoi, and far from their villages because they don't get work from Mawlai in Mawlai.
So it was on the tree that the blind trusted.
“The TMC militants are blocking our way on both sides and the West Bengal police are watching us,” Sarma said.
Swachhata Pakhwada is a program to encourage all the residents to keep their villages, training centers and others clean.
Police have registered a case and charged the leading leaders of the HYC under various sections including the MMPO Act.
Wallambok Lyngdoh Marshyllong said that the relatives of Bah Tiklu have not received any information on the condition of the climbing team.
The Minister said that in the 50 years since the establishment of the North Eastern Council (NEC), it has promoted development activities in the region by opening up policy platforms to all. state and facilitate the resolution of their grievances.
“We are deeply saddened to find that the wells built of Mawit and Cement have been forcibly destroyed by the government authorities without consulting or informing us who are the owners of the area. “The government has not yet allocated funds for the construction of the Umroi Airport,” said Fr.Mawrie.
The team has been able to enter 5 crematoria and 3 are new including Poh Bhang Creek in Poh Bhang and Mo Ryho Creek in Kairang.
The CEM said that another issue is the salary of the Council employees where the EC will ensure that there will be no salary increase or suspension for the 800 employees.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, the incident happened at about 6:10 pm while the four foreign workers were going to cut tiles. at a house in Jaïaw, they were about to leave for home after midnight.
The computer and appliances as well as the refrigerator and tables were destroyed.
They themselves have been ready to help those who have experienced such incidents especially where girls/boys have been involved.
In Sohra, from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm, the rainfall was 495.0mm, while today, from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm, the rainfall was 495.0mm. it reaches 294.0mm.
Dr Myrboh said it is regrettable that the previous and present governments have failed to improve education especially in Garo Hills.
In South Garo Hills, there are 22 cases and in South West Garo Hills, there are 19 cases.
The RBYF has questioned why only MUDA has to go through the PAC, while other government departments have to go through the Public Accounts Committee (PAC). They don't need to leave the PAC, which is only its demand to get rid of these Longkmie.
On the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), the KSU Leader said that although the Government has passed the MRSSA in 2016, it is regrettable that the Central Government has not yet approved the MRSSA. fully implement this law.
Those who don't want the police to enter the village, how much more to patrol the village.
“I am sorry to say that there are still many households who receive only T.5-6 thousand per month, this is what I have found in one year as an MLA and it is necessary now to improve the income of the people,” he said. said.
Hasina learned that her husband was in Shillong after he called her personally when police took her to a mental hospital. I've been asking you to come and pick me up as soon as possible.
Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai scored 3/7 from 6 overs while Wahlang scored 2/10, Rubi Chetri scored 2/24 and Thymmei Lyngdoh scored 1/1
“We would also like to clarify that there are two elderly people who have applied for ticket from the party for the 2018 election; The HSPDP Mawkyrwat Area has yet to wait for the decision of the Central Election Committee before announcing the results. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Shillong, November 14: The General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) Gilbert Laloo and his followers on Friday joined the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress.
He said that the Seng does not care whether they belong to any ethnic group, but if it is an illegal act, the Seng will not allow them.
SP F&ES Spill Thamar has been appointed as CSO of MePDCL, while SP Anti-Infiltration Ringrang TG Momin has been appointed as the new SP of Shillong.
Therefore, the people should not look too much at the minor shortcomings of the leaders.
When asked, Bah Sadon said, “Now it is the part of the arrangement and it is up to the Government to decide on the official talk so that we can move forward with it.
Therefore, there is a feeling that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is one of the ways to prevent the influx of foreigners.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Amit Shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan.
Similarly, more than 800 Kukis who have been displaced by the ethnic conflict have now settled in Shillong.
As a sign of condolences, the JSU Central Body and JSU Moodymmai Unit visited the family and donated money.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Jamphrang said that there were 41 words which were written incorrectly in the Hima Mylliem Act but these words have been corrected and published in the Gazette. new on May 13th of this year.
Thank you Shibun, Thank you.
“We will take part in this meeting to find out about the management of schools and other duties of teachers, and at the same time we will tell them about the problems we face in this state,” said Bah Nongsiang. .
The commission emphasized the issue on Article 21 of the Constitution, which deals with the life of an individual in the state.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 26: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday visited Langpih to explain to the public that in the election to be held on the 27th, before they leave their homes, to vote, they should think carefully, because if they make a mistake this time, the disaster and the curse will be for the future generation.
The Court of Arbitration for Sports (CAS) has sentenced Ukrainian gymnast and former Olympic champion Oleg Verniaiev to a four-year suspension. Because of the use of drugs, the sentence has been increased from four to two years.
Lumpariat beat Dongmihsngi 2-0
“If anyone wants to dissolve the FKJGP one day before I die, I will come back to take over as President,” said Bah Sounder S Cajee. FKJGP.“When the FKJGP was founded, the people used to insult them by saying that they used to disturb the village but after three or four months when they saw them, “The work they have done has started to join hands with the party,” said Bah Cajee.
Sakshi Maharaj's writing comes after the ethnic riots in Jahangirpuri, Delhi, which took place on 16th June
In the morning, Panah got up and Rida and Kmie also got up and while they were drinking, they suddenly heard that someone had opened the door.
The role of the Cyber ​​Crime Police Station is to investigate crimes through the Internet, prevent crimes from the Internet and educate the public not to get involved in these crimes.
In fact, it is not part of Karbi-Anglong.
viii.
He said that don't let this end here but we should encourage others to walk every day for their own health.
Vehicles were also banned from entering the DC Office from HK Singh Road and from Dawki Stand to the DC Office.
He said the last Cabinet meeting had decided whether to allow the ordinance to come into force or the government to pass a law.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sambor Surong said that the purpose of this Free Eye Check up Camp is for the poor, as well as part of the three years anniversary of the Club. it will be established in
Everlasting life.
About 800 people, including students of NEIAH, Shillong Polytechnic and the security department among others, took part in the event.
On the same day, the KSU Umden Unit honored about 28 students from the area who have passed well in various examinations including SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate as well.
As explained above, the nomination proposal as usual includes the foundation of the political party in general and the political and social structures for the country / state and the public about.
After Dr. Sangma, Dr. MK Marak, who has been the Director of Health and Family Welfare (MCH&FW) for the past two years, came back.
They were disappointed that the Government has not taken any action to help them, but later they learned that there is a problem in communicating due to the internet blockade by the Government of Manipur.
He said that MCCL used to be one of the most famous dewbilat factories and the dewbilat produced by this factory is indeed the most expensive dewbilat in the market not only in our state but also in the state. in all the land of the north.
Representatives from various banks including Branch Managers gave speeches in various parts of the day as well as from the Department of Commerce and Industries led by Assistant Director Bah ZV Wrenge.
“We are proud of St.Pauls School which has produced students who have passed well in SSLC and HSSLC and besides education, this school has also produced talented athletes who have represented the district in He also urged the children to succeed in their studies and use their talents properly, to honor their parents and teachers,” said Bah Mayral. He added that as school children they should not get involved in alcoholic beverages especially alcohol, drugs and others which affect the body and health if they want to reach their goals in life.
After this, Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar Shnong said that the school has grown and its existence has become a pride for the village and the area as a whole.
Around the world, in more than 100 countries, this campaign to become conscious consumers to reduce environmental damage is underway.
They deceive in forty kinds and forty ways, and those who are not yet strong in mind are quick to fall.
Shillong: The Opposition Leader, Dr Mukul Sangma, has urged the government to purchase ambulances with advanced life support systems when purchasing ambulances for the districts. .
We must respect the laws of other states or countries neighboring us.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 27 : Auro Sports Club beat Nongbah Rangblang Sports Club 2-1 in the 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Football Tournament. The tournament 2022 was organized by the All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Party of Mawkyrwat Block at St. Mary's Mini Studio Rangblang.
Health risk factors,potential interventions and key nutrients to reduce body weight.
The conversion (Ghar Wapsi) did not happen overnight, their volunteers are working hard to persuade people to convert to Hinduism, said Kapil Shastri, RSS prancharak and incharge of Dharma. Jagaran Samity of the State.
“There are also roads which need to be improved and now from 1 KM to 4 KM the work on this road is in progress.
Shillong, November 5: The raid on the border area of ​​Shabong.
On the part of the President of the Seiñ Raij, OR Shallam, he congratulated all those who took part in the Behdieñkhlam festival in illness, corruption, will protect the youth from drugs, alcohol, violence against women and children and will bring about the well-being and development of the country. through the blessings of 'Tre ki rot'
Jezebel brought idolatry to Israel where the God of Israel was.
There are 32 teams participating in this tournament.
“right of choice" existed, true but not to misused it.
However, at this time, there are also researchers who believe that the virus has spread to humans from animals that have been infected with the disease.
In fact, the border area, the rural area should have a special scheme to promote economic development.
Police of Jowai Police Station have been authorized by the court to investigate for three days three suspects involved in the murder of Pynkhreh Surong and abduction of his vehicle.
EKH didn't delay in chasing the target, but managed to complete it with five overs left.
The Pakistani authorities are currently concerned about Pakistan's debt just to recover from the country's economic downturn in the past.
It was clear that the vendors were terrified and were forced to respond according to the wishes of the threatening.
Nongpoh, July 25: To take strong action against the Umroi MLA, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, who did not listen to the demands of the residents of Syllei u Lar, Umroi, The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) led by Irene Hujon, President and Christabell Wanniang, General Secretary, today blocked the road. don't be in this village.
The State Government has recently decided to introduce fire safety and standard operating procedures (SOPs) following the tragic fire in a stone house in Khyndailad. , leading to the death of one person, on March 14th.
MPCC President DD Lapang has said that the MPCC will send its report along with the documents to the AICC soon next month. He met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today.
Now it is up to us citizens what we can do to contribute to reducing the impact of climate change.
Sometimes plants produce other types of roots to support them, such as prop or brace roots.
When we talk about the house, it doesn't mean that we build a house to protect it from the rain, the cold, the sun, but the house has a bright and difficult purpose to think about, because it has many things. precious and worthy to speak.
In the men's category, there are five teams participating in basketball while there are only two teams in the women's category.
The Prime Minister said that even in the darkest circumstances, if we have faith in ourselves, then there is hope.
The CEM of JHACD said that the Governor of Meghalaya has approved the post of Deputy Chief Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) which has been vacant for six months since Ma Rymbai took over the post. Executive Member of JHADC in June.
He said that there are areas where the damage to the power lines is severe and these have to be assessed first and submitted to the government to pay for the cost of construction. Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers Union (HPWU) led by its President Allistar Diengdoh today met with the MeECL truck drivers. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has demanded that the government should resolve the issue of banning the drivers of Umphniang trucks from entering the villages after they have brought Umphniang from Assam.
Those who witnessed the opening ceremony included RB Shadap, President UCPF, Babul Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong Umsning Patarim, Pateng Myrsing, Leader of Youth Wings. , Drestinora Makri and many other dignitaries.
And we have been filled with this fragrance of Christ who is the Source of that fragrance of ours.
Bah SC Laloo, MSC, ADC, South West Khasi Hills District in his speech expressed his gratitude to God for being with us each and every one of us even in the midst of the heavy rain in the morning. , but by His mercy He has opened the way for us to fulfill all the roles that the office of the DSO has to pursue.
The Minister of State for Education, Meghalaya, has said that the Meghalaya government cannot make SSA teachers as teachers in the state. The government has refused to increase the salaries of SSA teachers even in the midst of the increase in the price of food items, rent, petrol, etc.
Looking at the population, it can be said that it is impossible to fight against other large ethnic groups and not only that, they still have that relationship with other ethnic groups who live outside of this state of ours.
This has also affected the students because there have been many cases where although one has higher marks than the other, but the one who gets to study doctorate or career is the one who comes later.
He said that the Presidents/Secretaries of various departments of the Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij will give advice from the elders, Daloi and Syiems.
TERI estimates that this will reduce about 12 million metric tonnes (MMT) of CO2 equivalent (GHG) emissions. reduced despite the provision of social needs.
“During the inspection of the market, it was found that the Hima Mylliem, has only 2 garbage trucks and the EC, out of concern for the cleanliness of the market, has spoken to the Chief Minister. “The state to get the scheme through the CMSDF and the prime minister has released funds to purchase this garbage truck without delay,” said Bah Pyniaid.
In the middle of the match, New Mawjai Sports Club beat Umsaw Sports Club 4-0
After a minute of play and both teams could not score any more goals, it was decided through penalties.
It is learned that before the meeting, the Congress had planned to see at the meeting whether there were many supporters or opponents of the CEM.
Therefore, we have decided to hold a protest on the 7th of June to protest against this unfounded murder allegation,” said Bah Sadon Blah.
Praising the management of this market, he said that in his travels around the country he has seen that when people get money and schemes they turn to fight, but in this market he sees a difference in the management. The market has also been involved in donating assistance to schools, churches and others in need.
The total number of cases has risen to 63,12,585, while 9,40,705 people are still infected and 98,678 people have died. Family Welfare.
Shops need to ensure social distancing between customers.
After the arrest of these robbers, the police have seized the AK rifle and Shallang Police have registered a case against them at Shallang PS. The contractors' malpractice from time to time has often caused complaints to many of the residents.
In East Khasi Hills District, 43 new cases including 7 from Armed Forces and 36 from civilians, in West Garo Hills, 24 cases including 20 from Armed Forces and 4 from civilians. There are 27 cases in Bhoi district including 8 cases from Armed Forces and 19 cases from civilians, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills and 1 case in East Jaintia Hills. There are 4 cases and only one in South West Khasi Hills.
Even though Katie and Jamie don't think they have a relationship anymore, their friendship hasn't broken and they still talk and call each other when they have time.
If the government fails, who will pass a decision in such a case?
118 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, 4 people have died. The death toll has risen to 1356 in the state on Sunday.
“Yesterday I was talking to the Chief Minister of Assam Sarbananda Sonowal on how to use the waste of Meghalaya and Assam in other ways with the modern technology,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma during his visit to the Assam. Market.
From Pool A, Demthring came top with 10 points and more than 10 goals by beating Nangbah Iawmusiang who came second.
“This election is the most difficult election because the contest is not only for the war, but many people from outside the constituency come to invest money,” said Bah Lahkmen. The people of the constituency especially the poor who stand on the foundation to win the future of their children, the constituency and the community.
Khliehriat, June 8 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the newly announced price of petrol will be implemented from October
Only he who doesn't give up will be sent away; but whosoever is willing to give, let him go up into our land.
At the same time, not only today as an MLA, he has been able to distribute and launch this scheme but he has also informed other villages which have not been included on this day. distribution further in their own villages.
“We are strongly opposed especially to the entry of goods from Bangladesh.
An MRI showed that she had bilateral degenerative joint disease.
Salman has already announced his signing for the film on Rajat Sharma's show Aap Ki Adalat.
In his speech, Bah Wahlang said, “It is only in Meghalaya that Alternative English has been allowed to be chosen in schools and it has been found that many Khasi youths have chosen to study. They refuse to read the Khasi language, while they refuse to demand the Schedule Tribe status, without regret.
Indeed, the prayers of the believers are very powerful and will bring about the smooth conduct of the protest in accordance with the customs and traditions of the country and God will be able to influence the power of the rulers of the country to do what is necessary. everything.
“The police have told us that we should wait for 24 hours and then come in the morning and bring the photographs and details of all the missing persons. “We have been told that we cannot search for the cyber crime office because the cyber crime office has been closed since 8 am and we have to come when it opens in the morning,” she said. Pratina.
“Our state will celebrate its 50th anniversary of full independence but we are sorry that until now the Sam border is not enough and this shows that the government is stingy too much even though we have the Sam border. This shows that the government in the past three months has been asking for information through the BDOs on the documents or certificates. 50 years of preparation now, this shows that they have no responsibility in the past 50 years,” said the statement.
Also present at the launch were W Rymbai, Village Member, Assistant Secretary Ellend Mynthlu, Rangbah Dong/Secretary of 10 Villages and others.
She said that the symptoms of the disease are fourfold: persistent fever, weight loss, vomiting and diarrhea.
In Kerala, too, every five years, voters elect a different party to form the government.
Speaking to media, Executive Member of Umïam Dorbar Shnong, Bah Sidra Basaiawmoit said, “The residents have tried to do their best for the cleanliness and beauty of the village. of the Umïam River and we also conduct cleanliness drives to preserve the beauty of this river.
That means, when one gets the opportunity, he will lead others to set up shops, to work and so on.
The government will have to respond to the recommendations made in the report.
Jesus answered the devil – “It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God” Matthew 4:3-4
Besides this issue, the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent has also raised four other issues including the peace and stability in the state, the exploitation of farmers, the Odd and Even numbers. commercial vehicles, the increase in the price of beverages and also the continuous power outages in the state.
When these things happen, in fact the District or Municipal authorities should have punished those employees who have been negligent by spreading the garbage, but until now there has been no such incident.
The Dorbah Shnong Palaniar in collaboration with the Panaliar Tourism & Environmental Development Society, on Saturday, conducted a cleanliness drive and collected garbage in 10 parts of 'Syntu Ksiar' which is also one of the most popular recreational areas.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : The number of cases of COVID-19 in the state on Saturday has risen to 101 with 101 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the state to be treated.
Victoria Dayoun Kharkongor has allegedly committed suicide in the toilet at the police station in Dispur on Friday.
Likewise, the Puriskam says that the Khasi had thrown his Kot into the Kpoh when he had to cross over.
The tournament will be held in West Garo Hills, Tura from 21st to 24th November
In the better schools, the tuition fees are also lower and many other needs have to be met.
She stressed that cleanliness goes hand in hand with the Bam which builds to protect human health by having a clean environment which can stop the spread of diseases.
The arrested persons include Bina Sarkar of 14 Mile Byrnihat Assam and Bah Phrangsngi Nongshli of Saiden Nongpoh. Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has vowed to hold a strong protest today if the government does not call for talks to resolve the demands of the contract teachers. protest, now almost ten months.
Marak, Sub- Inspector, Ranikor Police Station.
In another match, Inter Milan were knocked out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with PSV Eindhoven.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Nongstoiñ area yesterday flocked to Nongstoiñ Market and filled the road to listen to the views of the four MDC candidates from Nongstoiñ. Common Platform) was organized by the Village Council.
Besides him, another star batsman of the national team, former captain Virat Kohli, is another of the most talented players of the team in the new list of batsmen where he has learned. stay back in the 15th century.
Other speakers on the occasion were Allantry FDkhar, Vice President of the UDP Central Body, Paul Lyngdoh, MDC and Working President of the UDP Central Body. who is currently the Minister of State for Water Resources.
The song was recorded at David Studio.
In a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the President of the union, Bah Streamly Suchen, said that it has been seven months since the NHAI officials promised to the union leaders to start repairing the road. However, until now, the bad road has remained unchanged and no sign of construction has been seen.
Peter in his bedroom thought that he would cover up all his dress desires but he decided to work hard to pay the debt as soon as he got the car.
There is no difference between nation and place.
Police have registered a case against him on 28th March 2022 for allegedly misusing the funds allocated for the construction of NERS PSAP at Sadar PS Complex.
Therefore, the distribution of MDC schemes only to a few villages by tens of thousands of rupees each village is irregular without considering other villages within the MDC scheme. constituency, said Bah Shem Rynniaw.
He said that he does not need to speak on the issues of the constituency in the Assembly because every day he speaks to the officers. constituency.
Even though the heat has increased, mankind has not suffered or died as in other parts of India.
The Central Government should have addressed this issue immediately instead of allowing all these things to happen...many lives have been lost, many have become refugees, the Central Government has done asked the General Secretary.
Speaking at the afternoon programme, Sohblei Richard Manbha Majaw said that the youth of the church are their strong spirit because the youth are their church through the work they do to preach the Word. You are God.
“You may not believe for a while, but the truth will come out, after Bah Pathaw joined the NPP, many development works that we have started including the road from Umjaiur to Motsyiar and the small road from Nonglum to Nongpdeng and I have already told you that if there is no job, we still have many plans for Mawlai Constituency,” he said.
“We hope that the allocation of funds by the Meghalaya government for the film industry will encourage the youth to make more films and I appeal to the people to support the Khasi films,” he said.
“No one can say that I can do this or I can do that because we are here for the people of the state.
Shylla said that the Sub-Committee headed by Bindo M Lanong has taken over the work of the KHADC but the Sub-Committee has not been able to decide. At the CEC held on the 17th, the PDF decided to withdraw its support but four UDP MDCs opposed and decided to reconsider the matter. “I think the party is the CEC but the CEC has said to take the matter to the party. “I think the party is the CEC but the CEC has said to take it to the party. “I don't understand what the party is in the UDP,” said Bah Shylla.
He urged the students to follow the example of Larisa to succeed in their education because through knowledge they can shape a bright future for themselves and the society.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 189 new cases have been confirmed and 2005 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“We have decided to hold a meeting on the 12th of July at Iewduh,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. District to clarify the initiative to keep the market clean and safe.
Perhaps there are some officials from Assam who if they see these posters it will frighten the Meghalaya Government that they will be harassed or threatened by the Assam Government,” said Thabah.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Carness Sohshang expressed his gratitude to the Sakwang Presbyterian Church for welcoming him on this special day and which is also a day of blessing through the presence of God. Lord, let us pass this new year in peace and happiness.
In another match, Meghalaya beat Mizoram in the U-19 Coach Behar Trophy.
Why didn't the GTC, which has been setting up gates on the PWD road to Mawshbuit since 1984, do the same as the Assam Regiment Center (ARC) and Assam Rifles (AR)? , who have set up their gates at their own entry and exit points, as have the 101 Area and Air Force troops on the Upper Shillong Highway.
There are those who pretend to be security forces who need to sell their goods because of their deployment.
The investigation came after the burning of the tricolor flag was spread on social media in the past few days and police have launched an investigation into the incident.
On the 29th of July, thousands of medicines worth billions of rupees were dumped at the Mawlai garbage dump.
He said that USTM has appointed PA Sangma as a mentor to USTM and it is through his cooperation that USTM has grown in all aspects. He added that the government has provided services for the development of education and other activities to serve the people of the state.
The smartphones will have to submit tenders to the companies to earn higher commissions.
The next challenge for the health department is to identify those patients who have stopped completing their antiretroviral therapy (ART) treatment and have been lost from the monitoring list.
The two goals were scored in consecutive minutes of each other in the first half.
Shillong: Agatha K Sangma, MP from Tura, today signed a memorandum of understanding with Dr Patrick R Marak in Rajasthan, Kharkutta Block, North Garo Hills.
However, sadly, when asked by those people who say that we should implement it as it was established by our ancestors, the answer is, I don't know.
Ladrymbai scored the first goal in the first half.
Likewise, those who have reached the age of longsan to give training, advice and support, so that there may be order in their country.
The chief guest on the occasion was the EAC of Sohra Sub Division, Bah G. Warjri, MCS and the chief guest was Bah A. Mukhim, MCS BDO, Shella Bholaganj Block.
The KSU, which inspected the sub station at Lumshnong on Saturday, found that the sub station has failed to operate because it uses outdated equipment and this is the reason why it does not rain. The color of the sky in Narpuh has been affected by the electricity shortage.
On this occasion, the day laborers cut a cake together with the President of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) at Shaid Shaid Umoid Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that for a long time, and not only now, they have been demanding a sports policy.
In a statement, VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said that the State Election Committee of the party will soon start reviewing the applications of all those who have registered. to become the VPP candidates to contest the MDC elections next year.
“Ah! Why me... How can I get here...” Rida said alone in bed.
The funeral service will be held on 28-01-2021 at the Presbyterian Church Dkhiah at 1pm.
Whoever gives the mother's race to the children of foreigners, it is the mother who gave birth to them.
The delegation included Bangladesh Foreign Minister Ariful Rahmam, Bangladesh Trade Minister AKM Atiqul Haque and the High Commissioner of Bangladesh in the city. Agartala – Arif Mohammad.
Shillong, March 05: U Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngain, on Tuesday said that he cannot fight with the people and the party.
The film will also be shot at Shnongpdeng and Tyrshi Falls and is scheduled to be released in September this year.
When the reporter tried to get more information from the people inside the bus, they could not be reached.
Shempaul Ïawphniaw (17) and Ainesreward Shangdiar (49) scored the goals for South West Khasi Hills.
The Union Health Ministry has written letters to the States and UTs directing officers to look into these recommendations and take necessary steps to implement them.
He said that the Nongpoh Combined Water Supply Scheme has cost billions of rupees and the government through the PHE department will soon implement the scheme. The blessing is on the people of the village.
Bah Paul said that within the next two days, a meeting will be held in Nongstoiñ and there will also be a time when the Committee will visit the border areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : Seven newly elected MLAs of the State, met with the German Leaders and discussed the importance of transport infrastructure and digital connectivity. When discussing the issues that are not needed here in Meghalaya.
He reminded that after the end of COVID-19, tourists have been eager to visit the village and because they don't know the place, they have come to wait in advance and arrive inside the village. At 12:00 pm, the residents of the village were shocked.
According to police investigation, the girl was riding an auto rickshaw driven by Ramalson Marak, 44, from Byrnihat area to 18 Mer. The driver said that the girl, when she reached the 17 Mer, fell on the Ruto Rickshaw which was moving and caused her serious injuries.
Up to 35 persons have been arrested by the West Garo Hills Police for allegedly inciting a riot outside the Prime Minister's office in Tura.
In this final, the winners will receive cash prizes for themselves and the school.
He said that there are places where even if 100 trucks throw stones, it is not enough but the people have to throw stones only in the areas where the tires of Mahindra pickups and Sumos pass.
The way Akhil Giri asked about the image of the President shows that he has the most valuable idea,” said the BJP statement. Akhil Giri's statement is against all the ethnic groups in India.
Sixteen persons have been arrested under the Excise Act.
Stella is currently pursuing a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) in Mathematics from St. Mary's College, Shillong.
You say to block us, we will earn money,” said Bah Shylla.
After this, these clothes were handed over to the customs office for further action.
Without forgetting Metbah Lyngdoh, Honorable Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Culture and Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare. participation.
Therefore, if we count the daily fees of rice and jhur, the Government of India will purchase rice and jhur from the parents and the cost will be transferred directly to the bank accounts of the students. The Mid Day Meal is the responsibility of the parents to send their children tiffin as the lunch money will reach the bank account of their children.
And on 23rd June 2023, the RSS has received encouragement through this government including 10 UDP (1 Match fixing) and 2 Singhs to march in the procession.
In this way, even those from across the sea cannot become indigenous and the indigenous culture depends on understanding, knowledge and understanding.
Sarma said the estimated cost will be between T.2,000 to T.3,000 for one dialysis session in Assam.
We all get ready for Christmas, how in our homes, buying beautiful clothes, then buying cakes, giving them to friends.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, together with the leaders of the FKJGP, urged the government to bring back the C&RD Block in Mawhati. They have seen and found that there are many villages in the area, they have found it difficult to drive to Umsning Block, in order to look for development works in the area. villages and how much more for small businesses.
“Tell your mother, I will become the Chief Minister of Assam one day,” said Himanta, during their meeting. Himanta was 22 years old when he was studying at Cotton College, Guwahati.
Shillong, March 10: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has supplied electricity to JUD Cements Private Limited (JUD Cements Private Limited) in Wahiajer. Rs.7.07 crore.
Khliehriat, July 30: The District Project Management Unit of Meghalaya today called for a special program to inform the public about the importance of 40 persons including groups and organizations. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, has announced that the Dorbar Shnong will achieve various goals to improve the human development, society and income. , Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, who was the chief guest at the programme, expressed his satisfaction to have such an opportunity where those who have reached the goal can share their skills with the Others, on their ability to improve income, welfare, cleanliness in the villages and society, he said that East Jaintia Hills District is a Thank you very much for the presence of hardworking government officials, who are ready to help, to cooperate, from various government departments, because Meghalaya is still a state with many imported goods. He urged the people of the state to take the opportunity to come forward and work with the government departments to improve income, development, welfare, cleanliness of the morning and to promote the trade.
We live between prosperity and poverty because we don't know how to use the grace of the Creator, and we end up in poverty.
“The question is whether this action of DERT is the order of the government of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma to publish the answers twice. Keys' for the MTET Exams 2023 but all the wrong ones,” said Bah Birbor.
C.Ryntathiang, Probationary Officer of the orphanage, said that the home has 60 children living in it. tiew, the tem, the put and others.
Shillong, June 16: The Assembly Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has summoned the officials of the state agriculture department over the delay in the construction of a T.7.65 crore meat processing plant in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
You have been awarded the Memorial Award in the name of Bah Rana Kharkongor 2023 for your great contribution to the field of Khasi music.
PFR FA took the lead through Samlang Rympei (38th minute), followed by Robi Maring (from the penalty) in the 46th minute, and the third goal came from Thymmaibor Mukhim in the 51st minute and Fairming Suting in the 57th minute.
The incident occurred at 11:30 or 11:45 pm on the 24th of this month.
The Congress's demand is especially strong after the BJP-led government in Delhi has been in power and there has been a protest within the party to replace Dr Mukul Sangma as the prime minister.
According to the SCCCOMDF, the case was filed before the Chief Justice of India on 1st November.
Shangpliang, Benedic and Ferlin resigned from the post of MLA recently to join the BJP while independent MLA Samuel Sangma left the UDP to join the BJP. The Government of Meghalaya on November 14, signed a social agreement with the Apollo Telehealth Foundation to launch the First Cancer Care project in the state.
“We have also received an allocation of Rs 731 crore and not only Rs 632 crore as Saket alleged for the implementation of various projects from 2022 to
In Maharashtra, five people have died and these are the ones who have recovered from the disease, but there are still 200 people undergoing treatment, said Dr Tatyarao Lahane, who is the head of the state. head of the Directorate of Medical Education and Research.
“I also condemn the illegal harvesting, but we are talking frankly and with an understanding with the farmers that they too will not die and we will not die,” she said.
Will the Congress and the Communist parties allow only the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) to contest the elections in West Bengal to avoid vote fragmentation or will they continue to select candidates as in the past? former? Will the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) be able to convince the Congress not to contest from Punjab and Delhi as it is in power in these states? Will the Congress allow Akhilesh Yadav to contest alone against the BJP in Uttar Pradesh? In Bihar, what will the Congress do without Nitish Kumar of the JD (United) and Lalu Prasad Yadav of the RJD? In the Northern parts of the country, how will the political parties contest so as not to affect the unity among them? The victory or defeat in the Lok Sabha MP elections will depend on the nomination of candidates.
The meeting of the Mawlai Block Congress was also to discuss the election of a leader after the sudden death of their chief leader, Bah Founderstrong Cajee, former MLA of Mawlai.
“Since the government abolished the GVK EMRI and replaced it with the NHM, the employees have lost all their benefits like health insurance, Provident Fund, leave and so on,” he said.
We are fortunate to have the right to the land, but if we don't use it we are like pigs who don't recognize the value of Mawlynnai.
The protest will continue until the government responds.
The Village Development Councils and Town Development Councils shall consist of a Chairman, Vice Chairman, Secretary, Assistant Secretary Treasurer, at least 40 members or not less than 3 women members.
Police have received a complaint on 25th June.
The Bolero was on its way to Shillong and at the time of writing, no details have been received about the incident or the driver of the Bolero.
The objection of the party is that this public hearing, which was held this time, was not like other public hearings, which have been held in the past; The union said that this is a Secret Public Hearing of Starcement and others.
Speaking to reporters in the state, Dhar said some arrangements have been made on the shap for the relocation of the Harijan Colony after the HPC rejected the proposal from the government. .
In connection with this incident, the police do not know the cause of the injury, so the police are investigating to find out the cause of the injury. lose your life.
Without having to travel anywhere, our hospital room already has some treatments that can help reduce the seriousness of pneumonia.
He also directed to look into the IT (Guidelines for Intermediaries and Digital Media Ethics Code) 2021 to comply with the rules related to this matter.
U Bah Lyngdoh stressed that at present, the State needs to have an Olympic size swimming pool, which will enable the children of the State to learn to swim in the pool. 50M because when they leave to take part in the outdoor competitions after they have finished swimming about 25 meters by 25 meters, the remaining children of the state fall down because they are not able to swim in the 50M pools. Regarding the coaches, Bah Ian said that at present the state does not have a full time coach, but most of the time they have to come from abroad, but he feels that as in other sports, the time is right. It is necessary that the State does not have a coach to teach full time in the State.
Likewise, our people have been able to own and longtrai this Ri Lum u Hynniewtrep to the northern countries because of these parts mentioned above.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA South Shillong Constituency, today held a meeting at Laban Assam Club in accordance with the directive of the State Government No. DDMA/EKH/1 /2020/VOL.III/3, dated 28th January 2020.
The 10 election targets that the TMC has put forward and which will be implemented soon after the formation of the government are to create more opportunities for income generation: To increase arshah to generate up to 4000 MSMEs per annum and to resume mining through the use of science.
Just that," he said.
There are other parts that are both male and female but the reason cannot be mentioned such as the shang is also called the shang - it is impossible to distinguish between which part is called shang and which part is called shang. and he went in, and cried, and cried.
The ceremony started from noon until 12 noon and was attended by hundreds of devotees from all over the country.
Vehicles carrying essential goods did not fall during the above time, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District.
Furthermore, the party requests the Hindu community to come forward and reveal the truth and also to the NGOs to allow the government to investigate thoroughly into all these issues. It will take all necessary measures to arrest such people who cause trouble.
Through these statements of the Sordar, the first thing is that the Raid Mukertila, or the Tourism Department of the State Government, should immediately arrange for the movement of these people. tourists, because we cannot expect the Assamese to come and teach us, to open shops, to build accommodation and most importantly, the Umngot River, especially in the during the summer, it is a very powerful and somewhat rough river and if it is not properly managed by the experts of the village, there may be some problems that will destroy the village, the Raid and the State as a whole.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the rice has been released and the beneficiaries will not have to pay anything.
Therefore, the union demands that the law enforcement authorities should impose stricter punishment and punishment on such a person so that he cannot escape.
“The KHADC has received information that there is a signboard on the border between Khasi Hills and Bangladesh in parts of Umsyiem, Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah, Lyngkong, Hat Thymmai, Umniuh Tmar. Nongjri and other villages.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday said that the photograph of him and Amazing Kurbah is like a family and there is no political involvement. related to this section.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases including one High Risk and one Returnee.
He was resurrected so that we might be resurrected.
For more information please call the secretary-8
The Zonal T20 Trophy will be held in Lucknow, where the NE Zone will play against the North Zone.
However, there has not been a single local leader to be the leader in the country and to represent the voice of these villagers who are scattered across the country.
During the meeting, they discussed the border between the two states and the two sides agreed that there are 12 areas of dispute between the two states. you are shisha, you have been with the old islands.
“However, what is surprising is that the DC has always said that he cannot do anything without the order and after I was angry I called the Prime Minister and HDR Lyngdoh to They also expressed their surprise that the name of the MLA was not written on the Mawnongrim. “The name of the local MLA should be included in the Mawnongrim and therefore the DC has to do everything to include my name in the Mawnongrim,” said Bah Mawsor. .
“The Government should ensure that it stops spreading rumors and other false information,” he said.
At the same time, she urged the people not to allow foreign organizations to violate the rights of the indigenous people. “They have the goal of defeating the ethnic parties,” said Airisha.
These meters have been working properly and there has been no interruption in the last two days.
According to the Meteorological Department, in the last 24 hours, the rainfall has reached 53.8 millimeters in Shillong alone.
While the price of milk was being disputed, two men complained that the shop had sold too much, but the mistake was corrected. They bought two prices, one for T.800 per byrni and the other for T.850 per byrni. ki, which is T.1650 tyngka (two hundred).
He said that the fish farmers should follow the example of the fish farmers from other countries to increase their income in the fish farming industry.
These patriotic youths asked me, 'Why don't you arrest those foreigners who are illegally living in our country?' village, you cannot arrest them without an FIR and without proper evidence.
The new office bearers were confirmed by the party leader, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh at a meeting conducted by Allmiky Ryngkhlem, in-charge of Wapung Circle. CEC. The Vice-President, CEC, Nangjan Dkhar, General Secretary, JNC-CEC, Wanshwa Suting congratulated the office bearers for their hard work in the service of the country and the nation. .
She said that the screening was conducted to identify children with 4-Ds Defect at Birth, Deficiency of Nutrition, Vitamins and others, Diseases are diseases that may exist or are in the early stages in children and Developmental Delays and Disabilities are signs that can affect the development of children.
The party leaders also hung banners in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah as a sign of conveying this demand to the NPP-led MDA-2 Government. The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that for 10 years now, the KHNAM has sent a letter to the Government to request that it should abolish the Personal Interview. The Government has not listened to the demand of the union for the recruitment of posts in Group-B, Group-C and Group-D in various departments of the state government.
According to the source, the two brothers had gone to the river, but somehow by mistake they fell into the river and drowned.
But when we had no bread, the thief escaped.
The five injured include a farmer named Salam Jotin, 38, and a woman.
They themselves are righteous; and others who look outside also think they will go straight to heaven.
According to the rules, the tax can be renewed every five years and the tax has been in force since
When asked why the UDP has not provided these medicines, the Civil Surgeon has replied that the delivery of medicines to the hospitals has been done by the Central. Stores of the department, he also admitted that all the equipment operating at the Civil Hospital is fully equipped and working smoothly and there has been no report of any malfunction.
Under the leadership of Sangma, Lumparing were encouraged to score in the next 35 minutes, with Catherin Kharkongor scoring in the 38th and 69th minutes. Inri-la-i-dor scored in the 47th and 67th minutes.
Fourteen colleges, including St. Anthony's, St. Edmund's, St. Dominic's, St. Mary's, Sankardev, Shillong Polytechnic, Synod College, Seng Khasi, BBS College, participated in the tournament. , MLCU, Mawlai Presbyterian College, Umshyrpi College and Women's College.
The meeting between Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma at the Secretariat was held shortly after the opening ceremony of Karbi Hamtun School opposite Pine Mount School. .
Khliehriat, June 18: The National Deworming Day (NDD) 2023 was celebrated today at a function held at Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat.
The objective of the Government through the Swachh Bharat Mission is to bring about cleanliness in the country and set the target that by 2019, India will be one of the cleanest countries and households. every village will have toilets.
JOWAI: The Raij Jowai under the leadership of the Dolloi as the Chief Religious Officer of the Elaka on 4th July 2019 to hold the Kñia Pyrthat ceremony in the midst of peace and orderly rituals conducted by the Sangot. Paswet in the presence of Sangot Pakynteiñ and Sangot Pasubon who are the descendants of the Sookpoh Khatar Wyrnai Kur.
In an order of the High Court, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Judge W Diengdoh have directed the Superintendents of Police to look into the overloading of vehicles and if you must search for yourself.
Along with this work, Mother Anne began her teaching career at St Mary's College.
Anyone who has seen him is asked to contact
Those who are already in employment will be accepted only up to 48 years of age and must prove that they are of sufficient age at the time of employment.
SS Sari, Publicity Secretary, Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12-Daloi, said that the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Kyntu 12-Daloi invites all the children of 7-Trp, 7-Skum to take their time to attend the tournament.
I want to frn women who have worked only those who live in Mawlai who have good manners and good behavior only those who really want to call or sms
Kong K.Wanniang, District Disaster Management Officer, Ri Bhoi District, gave a speech on the purpose of this training program to raise awareness among the Community Volunteers that they have the responsibility to provide assistance. immediately if there is any accident.
Police recovered 40 boxes of heroin weighing 423.09 grams from them.
Therefore, as all the rituals are for the purpose of thanking God for these blessings received and also to pray to God the Creator to pour out more blessings in all their aspects. days that time chess.
That's what you said Pastor but when the consciousness of the Khasi people has died how can it be revived? It is only a matter of time before the nation disappears from the face of the earth!.
Bajaj Group Chief Executive Officer Rahul Bajaj today addressed Home Minister Amit Shah and Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, alleging that employees They are afraid of this government and now they are living in the days of self-destruction.
Therefore, as the union has decided to oppose the proposal to take over the land of the army, the union also urges the village leaders of Umshaproh and the leaders of Raid Bhoilasa to take action not to allow and to suspend the NOC immediately, said F.Kharkamni.
He said that in the last three years, the number of jobs created through these various programs has reached 2.34 lakh.
The BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government is ready to implement the Uniform Civil Code across India to introduce a uniform law on marriage. and the release of sanshyieng, the inheritance of wealth, as well as the birth of children.
He said that this is the beginning of the cleaning of the Umkhrah River which once had a reputation as a clean river but now it has become like a hand.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, expressed his gratitude for taking part in the occasion, and also to inaugurate the BUILD programme. drug trafficking in the state.
He said that the incidents are happening here and there even in the developed countries, but it does not mean to close the shops.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday led by its President Samla Wanbiang Pulang on Tuesday launched a campaign to put up signs around Jowai and other parts of West Jaintia Hills. to request all shops selling TOPCEM dewbilat not to sell TOPCEM dewbilat until the promises made on the 24th of July which is the day of the public hearing on the plans of the dewbilat company TOPCEM to expand its dewbilat production.
In a statement issued on Saturday, the GMC said that it has received many complaints that there are violent activities in some of the beauty parlors in the city. faithfulness to society.
As the government, we want to ensure that the education fees for the youth of the state will continue as many of them come from low income families,” said the Minister. message.
He said that as a leader, he never thought of seeing news brought through colorful forms that gave pride to the people and the society.
We can point fingers and blame the increase in school fees as one of the reasons.
After the incident, the DSC has suspended the race, which has been going on for 12 days. U Bah D.Jyndiang today handed over a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District , Bah S.Kharlyngdoh , Chairman of the District Selection Committee , WKH Four issues including that the DSC will have to release the results of the written examination before the race, and also demanded that the DSC should release the results of the written examination. The DSC will also provide admit cards for the candidates who qualify for the competition.
“We have another young man whom we have nominated to contest, we have been left by the MLA and as the party we feel that we should nominate because there are young men who are ready to appear in the world. .
Speaking to reporters and in a statement, the truck drivers expressed their regret and said that they have been starving and almost dying of starvation, due to the No-Entry for many hours, since the time of 7 pm to 12 noon.
Handicraft: means craftsmanship, craftsmanship is clean and crafty; wet is not clean and syrdoh.
This decision was approved by the Cabinet at a meeting held at the Secretariat on Thursday (11th July).
Therefore, many of us have lost our dignity, our wealth and many of our nation has lost, therefore, the existence of the VPP Party is the answer of God that He still loves the Khasi Hills and us. There is still hope through this VPP Party in the days and years to come.
Jowai, Nailur 18: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has decided to ban the mining and transportation of coal by the National Green Tribunal (NGT). illegally and the smuggling of coal continues to this day.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday sought the report from the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health (NEIGRIHMS) on the death of a young man, who came to He was admitted to the hospital after being injured in a car accident at Damsait on Tuesday.
“In the UDP, there is not a single MLA who will leave and contest from one party like other parties.
The winner of the final will receive a cash prize of T.200,000/- and a trophy. The runner-up or loser of the final will receive a trophy. cash prize of T.100,000/- and a trophy.
From what was found, it was seen that the residents of different villages near Nongpoh area, left early in the morning from their villages and went to the CTS Market in Nongpoh. He said that through this protest, which has also led to the vendors in the shops in Nongpoh, which has led them to open their shops and sell their goods to the people who have come to pay. go to Nongpoh.
The demand for a Khasi-Jaintia state is the stronghold of the party and Bah Enbin said the central government should consider giving statehood to the Khasi and Garo in Meghalaya on the basis of language, culture and culture as enshrined in the State Reorganization Act,
And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.
When the Svamitva in Delhi was sent by the Mody government, the drones were sent to the ground, and the state government of Conrad Sangma did not do so, using the DCs. , BDO, other Government officers and police, but sent to KHADC to accept to do this, during the tenure of CEM Bah Titos Chyne.
And it came to pass, when the feast was come, that they went out to gather the land.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Seng Samla of Mawryngkneng District, under the leadership of the President Samla Pynroi Mukhim and Khrawkupar Lyngdoh General Secretary, has held a meeting with the youth of Mawryngkneng District. Mawryngkneng Police Station, on 19-20-21st November 2017, raided and seized drugs at a suspected drug dealer in many parts of the village.
June 11: U Bah MB Dkhar, Community Nurse, District Medical and Health Officer, West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that mental illnesses are caused by mental illness. which is not until the end.
Jowai, July 24: The Church of Pasyih, Parish Mooksiang (Phramer) West Jaintia Hills District, will celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Pasyih on the 29th July On the same day, the 100th Anniversary will be celebrated with a Eucharistic Procession of the Parish Mooksiang at Pasyih.
He said that he was offered to become the leader of the commission but he refused.
(vi) the Temple which is the center of life and society has been destroyed and destroyed. Therefore it is important to rebuild the Temple and rebuild society.
On the other hand, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Donboklang Dkhar, has responded to the allegations of Bah Prestone Tynsong that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the HITO are the political wing of the world's political parties.
However, the Prime Minister said, “In fact, the first round of discussions have been held many times with the people and it is also the first time that government ministers and government officials have gone to the affected area to hold an event that has never been done before.
Furthermore, these markets should be run by those who are skilled in the line of business or who have passed the line of business, not by people who do not have any business skills.
India released the National Wildlife Action Plan for 2017-2031 in 2016 which outlines future action plans for the conservation of wildlife and birds.
The LORD thy God will exalt thee above all the people of the earth" Deuteronomy 28:1
However, the question arises whether even this initiative is very good and has received praise from all over the country, there are some problems which have hampered the struggle for development, whether it is financial issues. .
“The UDP asks for your support and urges you to give it a chance to bring about a clean governance in GHADC,” he said. , he said.
If he can contest from the BJP, he will be happy, because only the BJP can transform the economy and income.
In the past 26 years, the HNLC has said that the door to talks with the government is open if it is really serious about talks to resolve the issues.
Paul declares, “I was chosen and called to preach the gospel” (Rom. 1:1).
“It is the responsibility of the MPCC,” said Bah Lapang. “We have done the same for others, not only for Pynursla, their own people have come and submitted their reports for Mairang. , Mawkyrwat and Nartiang are also the same.
There are about 300 households in Ratachera Village and 106 households are opposed to this increase.
Thus, religious and customary marriages will be affected.
Speaking on the closing ceremony, the Director of JHDS urged and encouraged the trainees to make good use of the skills and training they have received to bring income to the household. their house.
Neighboring Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Karaikal will experience heavy rainfall of 115.6 to 204.4 mm on 13th and 14th November.
“It's T.3 spah, and a kilo is T.12 spah,” said the seller.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, will be the Chief Guest.
There is another flight that we have arranged to take the students directly from Imphal to Shillong,” Sangma told reporters.
Bah Marbaniang was found dead with a bullet wound to the head at his residence in Patharkhmah.
Mementos were awarded to the students who performed well and two computer gifts were given to two computer students.
In this regard, the HPYF-CB strongly condemns the Forest Department for not taking into account the environment and their lack of concern for the destruction of the forests.
On receiving information about the death of these three persons, the police rushed to the scene and found the two men and the elderly woman lying dead in the hall. field with the signs of the bullet in the body.
In the letter, the four organizations said to the Minister of Home Affairs that the incident occurred because the drivers of the vehicles were angry and refused to demand money from the police. They don't believe if the police stop their vehicles because they don't know that if they stop they will be demanded money and if they don't have money the police will confiscate the items they carry inside the vehicle, said the four organizations.
Therefore, the Union demands that the NOC of the 43 km road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji should be issued as announced by the KHADC.
New Delhi: Mahatma Gandhi's favorite Christian song, 'Sit with me', has been removed from the army's Republic Day celebrations. or the Beating Retreat, which is held by the army on 29 July 2021, according to a statement issued by the army on Saturday.
The speakers encouraged that this award is only the beginning of the Khasi newspapers and not the last. All the speakers blessed Bah Lambok and Nongsain Him to continue to work better in the field. serve the people.
The KSU will shed its blood to maintain peace in the country, the statement said.
He said that as an MLA, he will seek and work for the implementation of development schemes whether from the state government or even from the central government as well.
When asked when the Regional Committees will submit their reports, Sarma said it has been revealed that these seven areas are the most difficult to resolve, so these Regional Committees are headed by senior people. Both sides have worked hard and visited these places and we believe that all these issues can be resolved through mutual understanding.
Nelson Rymbai scored the first goal for Kuliang FC in the second leg of the second half. Kuliang FC beat Wahiajer Narpuh 2-0 FC. Two goals were scored by Bah Khongbuh (27 min) and John Lalooh (51 min).
On arrival at the Seng Hall, Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong, took part in the welcome speech and concluded with a mastieh dance in the ground floor of the Seng Khasi Hall.
Assam lost their opening match against Manipur on the first day and have been sent home this time.
Swell received his Black Belt as a karate fighter from Rangoon, Burma, now Yangon Myanmar.
These MLAs and MDCs, whose names have not been named, have tried to help to free the area from poverty but have not succeeded.
This is the meaning of the prayer that the Khasi people do not use any words without mentioning whether they are alone or single, male or female.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Seng Khasi Lawbah, East Khasi Hills, will hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem this year on the 6th, 7th and 8th June 2022 at the Shad Hall of the Seng as usual.
The body of Bah Marbaniang, in charge of Patharkhmah Police Outpost, was found on the night of 24th July after he seized 32 illegal coal trucks in the area.
In conclusion, u Bah Sawkmie promised to donate two more top syntek to Rumnong.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said, “With a sense of sorrow, the KSU has accepted and respected the decision of Bah Kharmawphlang who is one of the prominent leaders of the KSU”.
Training Programs Conducted During this period, the National Institute of Training for Standardization (NITS) has conducted 152 programs for factories, BIS officers and members of the Technical Committee.
The Seng is concerned from time to time about the environmental conditions in East Jaintia Hills because there are more ways to destroy than to improve and it is almost impossible to find any Dorbar Shnongs to be concerned. On this occasion, the Seng leaders said.
Downey Jr. has reportedly earned $5 million a day for three days in Spider-Man: Homecoming and is one of the actors. few Hollywood stars, who earned $20 million from the film.
He said that the army's allowance to the Bangladeshis to quarry stone at will has caused a serious threat to the people as the quarrying of stone from the rivers has caused damage to the water supply and especially at the level of water that can rise into communities.
“Compared to previous years, this has decreased although the number of infant deaths is still increasing compared to the rest of the country,” said the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO). Dr. A. Lyngdoh.
The trainers of the team include Ranjana Yadav (head coach), Marty Mustafa (assistant coach), Helyna D. Sangma (trainer), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (physio), manager Kong Baiahun Mylliemngap.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, who is also the District Election Officer, has warned against any use of minors in the campaign for the MDC and MP elections
Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam who have chosen their own sweet will and who are not Khasi fathers.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Resolution Forum (HBDRF) on Tuesday warned that if the State Government does not remove the Entry Gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in the village, Khanduli, soon the incident will happen again like what happened in Mukroh.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, who is also the MLA of Mairang constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today informed the public about the desire of the people of Mairang area to get their own land. The foundation stone for the upgradation of Mairang Civil Sub Division to District status will be laid on the 10th of November.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hill Farmer's Union (HFU), after receiving an order from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, to ban the traders who buy the products of farmers not to harvest They have met with the Joint Controller of Legal Metrology, Bah SS Syiemlieh, Office of the Controller of Legal Metrology at Lower Lachumiere. .
KHNAM, which currently has only one candidate, is in the midst of a dispute between the party led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum and the party led by Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon.
It will be held at Stand Anjalee on 15th October
He said this while speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the new office bearers of the KSU Namdong Area Unit, WJHD on the 14th of this month at Mission Hall Parish Namdong.
The people of the land worship the living God, not idols.
The IBFP is the first power pipeline to cross the border between India and Bangladesh and paves the way to supply up to 1 million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA) of High-Speed ​​Diesel (HSD) to Bangladesh.
Wreaths were laid in front of the statues of the heroes of the state by the chiefs.
Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor said that the police's claim that Victoria DKharkongor committed suicide inside the house is unfounded and it is highly suspected that she committed suicide. there is something behind this.
However, the Minister said that he did not have any clear information on how the scheme works.
In this regard, the smugglers of pigs have been directed to inform the Officer-in-charge of Inner State Posts, Byrnihat at least 72 hours before they import pigs into the state. At present, the government's rule on foreign pigs does not work at all.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang said that the Chief Secretary has expressed his readiness to look into these demands.
Police sources said that one of them was arrested from Mawlai and the other from Nongthymmai.
Initially this festival was associated with agriculture or harvest (Exodus 23:16) and later it was developed as a festival to commemorate the receipt of the laws at Mount Sinai.
Shillong: West Khasi Hills District has reached 78.59% turnout in the three constituencies of the district.
Helping Phawa was elected as President, Hercules Mutyen (Slong) as Vice President, Karload Dkhar as General Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Joining Dkhar, Treasurer and Bren Shadap as Vice President. 20 members of the EC.Nongpoh, Nailar 07: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Jirang Circle has decided to appoint 20 members of the EC.Nongpoh. MeECL has failed to provide electricity to the area.
However, in the final, Mawshynrut Block has won the title and is now preparing to represent the District at the State level.
To do this, the Social Welfare Department alone cannot do this but it should work together with the Dorbar Shnongs, civil society organizations that really work for the welfare and so on.
In this case the bid should be submitted along with required non refundable fees.
Sangma did not give their names, as they would fall under the provisions of the party resignation law if they resign now.
Some of these booklets were taken to read and others were burned.
On the other hand, the Assistant Secretary of the KSU, Samla Eleazer Diengdoh, who released the statement, said that on the 23rd, there will be another program in Lyngkhat, and after that the remaining villages will include the area. Nongjri, Laitlykot, Nohwet, Mawsiangei and others will be announced and will continue in July.
The discussion on the MP elections came after the BJP had already announced the defeat of its candidates in the last MLA elections.
Nongstoiñ, July 25: After about 10 months of the deaths of Cafinia Nongsiej and Maïanylla Nongsiej of Mawlangniang village, the government has released a fifth relief aid. Lakh has been donated to the family through the State Disaster Relief Fund.
Body pain.
Also present on the occasion were Nicky Marweiñ, Secretary FKJGP Nongstoin Pyllun, Vincent Marngar President FKJGP Sohpian Branch and others.
“We request the UDP members to be quick and not to act too quickly,” said Bah Pangniang, adding that if there is a difference of opinion among the ARPA members, it should be resolved to reach an agreement. .
KSU Nongthymmai Circle General Secretary Samla Ribansing Nongrum said in a statement sent by the General Secretary of KSU Nongthymmai Circle, Samla Ribansing Nongrum. lad newspaper.
He also promised that if the NPP forms another government, they will continue the second phase to resolve the border dispute in Block-I, Psiar-Khatkasla and Khanduli.
Commenting that the Chief Secretary's statement was not taken from the newspaper of any court, Bah Syiem urged the Rangbah Shnongs to proceed with the issuance of certificates for the needs of the people.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills Unit (HNYF) East Khasi Hills Unit (HNYF) East Khasi Hills Unit (HNYF) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. , visited the Traditional and Cultural Center of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) near Umiam Dam at Jingkieng Kalong.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Ïewshyllong, Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, said that most of the Dorbar Dong in the Elaka accepts the decisions taken by the Executive Committee of the Laitlyngkot Elaka Dorbar.
The lack of attention to education and other issues is the gratitude of these organizations to the people of Garo Hills.
“I am sorry to see that there are some exploiters who want to disgrace me and the dorbar and the village by spreading false news that I intend to make peace and threaten something else on this. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Lawai in a statement.
After the arrest of these two persons, police have taken two other persons for questioning. They are Nupur Deb from Polo and Malaika Baidya from Pynthorumkhrah.
Police have recovered 600 bottles of Elcodyl containing 100 ml each, 10 bottles of Flavoring Agent containing 500 ml each from the residence of Ratan Dkhar. , 11 bottles of Food Color containing 1 kg per bottle, 10 kilos of Diphenhydramine Hydrochloride (ingredient of Phensedyl), 1 kilo of Chlorphenirame Maleato (ingredient of Phensedyl), 7 books bottles of Phensedyl containing 100ml each and 780 bottles of 100 ml, which were empty.
Sending his condolences to all the families of the victims, he said, “If the issue can be resolved by getting the full boundary by consensus, that's it. It is the only way to restore peace and order between the states and the people on the border to live without any fear of each other.
The chairman of the JAC also filed a lawsuit against NEHU and UGC alleging that the Vice Chancellor has violated the rules on the appointment of Rohit Prasad as Technical Officer without following the rules.
The RJD has 21 MLAs in the House and 243 in the State Legislative Assembly.
“I have 30 days to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Thus the sick are happy and willing to surrender their body and soul.
The order, dated 7th July 2016, signed by the Commissioner of Transport, Meghalaya, Shillong, has directed the District Transport Officers (DTOs) to take over these parking bridges from 8th July and until further notice.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has set a target that if it comes to power in the KHADC and JHADC, it will revive and strengthen the Village Courts.
“We must remember that this NPP-led government is struggling to violate the rights of the people,” said the statement. Other protest programs will be announced later.
Shillong, November 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday demanded that the Meghalaya Medical Services Recruitment Board (MMSRB) should postpone the date of the recruitment examination in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The meeting was scheduled to be held on the 14th of this month and to clarify the number of Post Medical and Health Officers (M&HOs) and Junior Specialists.
Shillong, Naitung 5: About 50 people attended a coal discussion meeting convened by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
The District Magistrate of Kamrup (Metropolitan) Pallav Gopal Jha on Tuesday issued an order ban ban the flying of drones from the 24th to the end of the month. until the 25th of this month.
He said that from today the government will no longer allow the use of plastic and from now on, the district authorities will start raiding all the shops and if found to be using plastic they will be punished.
“We provide for the needs of those children who have been brought to the shelter from food, drink, clothing,” said the head of the social welfare department.
The licenses of six pesticide manufacturers in Maharashtra have been revoked for violating the rules, the state government said in the Legislative Assembly.
Therefore, all four teams (Services, Goa, Kerala and Assam) have qualified for the quarter-finals.
The incident happened at 12:45 pm this morning.
In the final match, Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu beat Saindur Mihmyntdu 3-2
According to the complaint filed by the man, he found the incident on the 14th of this month while he was trying to collect his challans from the DMR office in Nongstoin. However, when he arrived at the office, he found that his Challans had already been stolen by other unidentified persons.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,286 and the death toll has risen to
Recently, the Congress-led MUA-2 government has refused to implement the ILP in the state.
“We should not be mistaken when we support the party's constitution that we will remove it.
What is more sad is that the Khasi who live in Khasi land are more reluctant to preserve the Dkhar customs because they are not strong in their culture, especially those who have converted to Christianity.
The Prime Minister said that if the government does not buy the necessities, they will blame the government for not buying; When the government buys, they blame why it costs, but the government will fight for the best for the people.
“Therefore, we have decided to conduct training programs by bringing in skilled teams from across India to teach on employment opportunities and how to start their own businesses.
For example, the enclosure movement is the forced conversion of land or land used by the residents of the village. or the countries of the kingdoms or the laws of the villages to the countries or lands of the people.
It may be recalled that about 4,500 students have been tested and 2,000 of them have been selected for the 10-year Elite Pathway Program (EPP) which started in June. 2023 under the leadership of Olympic athletes and teachers from abroad.
You must be peacemakers and don't be accused or guilty without any reason.
The consequences of such an experience are numerous and affect the woman in particular.
Nongstoiñ, June 17: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GMD) has strengthened its demand for the separation of Meghalaya into two states. hold public meetings in all places within the District.
Speaking to media, Bah RB Shadap, said that the issue of the meeting was how to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the RBDSA. discussion for the development of sports activities in the District.
It is learned that the mob is now in the main office of PTV and therefore, they were not allowed to report anything and they also destroyed some of the equipment in the room.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government has increased the fare for Mini Buses – Stage Carriage (except City Buses/Mini Buses in Shillong) or foreign carriages.
The Exhibition Cum Sales Day was enriched by the participation of school children in fancy dresses and various dances.
Furthermore, during this meeting, the meeting was held to discuss the activities of the Lyngkhoi Kur and how to develop the Lyngkhoi Kur as a whole.
Nongpoh, July 24 : With the aim of eradicating the impact of drugs on many youths in the district and the state as a whole, the Ri Bhoi Police Department has continued to launch a The Bike Rally was held as part of the training to educate the public on the dangers and impact of drugs on the youth of the District and the state as a whole.
In Mylliem constituency, there were 31795 voters but only 21342 voters turned out or 67.12%.
This has undermined the confidence of us the people of the Elaka in the government as a whole.
In the morning he sat like a fool, unable to work and write, his thoughts turned to Gomer.
“You cannot include those who have paid and those who have not paid in the same boat and punish everyone,” complained another electrician.
He said that the members of FKJGP should be the pillars of change in the state and society.
In the syrwet ksai of the golden Duitara, the ryndang of the kaitor with the voices of praise to the nation, the voices of the truths and light of the past; but they differ and change in the course of time.
Speaking as the chief guest, Narpuh MDC Bah Emlangki Lamare said that he will try to find ways and means to build a footbridge in Wah Lukha to make it more beautiful. international tourists.
“This shows that they don't have a strong foundation,” said James Sylliang.
I feel that the people of Meghalaya have the right to clean governance, isn't it the responsibility of the state government to provide a better life to the people,” he said. It is time for the people to pay back for all these evil deeds of the Congress government in the state”.
Shillong, November 21: The Rangbah Shnong of Raid Lyngkhat, Raid Lyngkhat, has said that it will strongly oppose and stand firm against the railway line in Sutnga Elaka as requested by the MP. A foreigner against the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat.
On the other hand, for those who park their vehicles, they will get special permission from the office of the SP, WJH. The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai.
Satti was speaking at a rally in Mandi District.
“The goal I have set forward is to protect the culture of the people from the attacks of others.
The Prime Minister should forget about his party membership and speak the truth as a leader with authority and responsibility.
He said that if their tests are negative, they will be sent home and quarantined for 10 days. However, if the test is positive, they will be taken to the Corona Care Centers for further examination by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
There was a clash between the villagers and the BSF. The union and the village expressed their surprise how the BSF came to live there when even the village authorities and the land owners did not know anything.
Officials of Mylliem C&RD Block also rushed to the scene and sent their report to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Don’t play with our Constitution.
This Article promises that we will get recognition from the Constitution because we have not yet received it,” said Dr. Nonglait.
Referring to these parties, the All India Trinamool Congress which has just entered the state and many of the public and even the elders have criticized that the work in the state is still too slow. Macmilan Kharbani, the party's president and candidate for the 2023 elections, has started to grow stronger and the people have started to turn their backs. lut sha this party.
This happened at a time when the interviews between the journalists and the Prime Minister were ongoing, especially regarding the transfer of government ministers.
At the Dorbar today at Nongsder Square, the Rangbah Shnong said that the Dorbar has decided not to allow Khasi women to marry foreigners. the Khasi identity.
Belgium also scored once again to tie the PCs in the 18th minute and Stockbroekx managed to break India's strong defense for the second time. to tie.
The raids were conducted at the residences and workplaces of Lalu Prasad's daughters Ragini Yadav, Chanda Yadav and Hema Yadav, former RJD MLA Syed Abu Dojana, Amit Katyal and Navdeep. Sardana and Praveen Jain at places in Patna, Phulwari Sharif, Delhi-NCR, Ranchi and Mumbai, officials said.
On education in the state, Bah Lakmen Rymbui said that the present government has a great desire to improve education in the state as a whole. For this reason, he urged the people working in the education department to take responsibility so that the government's plan to improve education can be achieved.
Don't know what time it is ? The path to these kinds of questions in a post-truth world.
“The message of the government itself is clear that since 2018, 2020 and 2021 and we don't need to talk about what the government has done,” he added.
Shocking incidents in recent days, as Afghan troops, have surrendered and befriended the Taliban, in Afghanistan.
He said that the old system, the kilo system or the shut hew kilo, where the public will know how much they buy and the union will also make it easier to sell to get rid of the price increase. .
Shweta Sanju Annikeri (49 kg), of IIS and based in Karnataka, won the gold medal in the category.
In connection with this victory, the athlete who won the first medal of the tournament, was after she was able to reach the finish line of the race by finishing in time. 4:24.23 seconds.
“The Trading by Non Tribals Act empowers the JHADC to prohibit any foreigners from trading illegally and to punish them according to the law if they cannot prove it with documents.
NPP Spokesperson Bah HM Shangpliang said that it is the government under the leadership of the NPP and the MDA government which has already informed the people of the state about the roadmap. how to build the future of youth.
Dkhar said that in order to prevent the illegal smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the AH&Vety department should inform the State Government to take a decision in the State Legislative Assembly to encourage the The Central Government to allow the export of cows and cattle from Meghalaya to Bangladesh so that it will also provide employment to the people and increase revenue generation for the State Government and the Central Government.
The purpose of the Voter Day is to encourage the people to register for EPIC. “Maybe the protest for change will succeed,” said Bah Scott.
It is said that a person cannot go to heaven unless he pays all his debts.
“There are officers who have visited the schools to inspect and ask about the condition of schools from various categories from Deficit to Government to Adhoc, there are schools with two teachers and “I don't know how much the government will remove these,” said Bah Shadap.
The PFR also announced that those who wish to join the football training camp can obtain the forms from the following shops including Majaw Store (Ban), Belcrest Complex, Nongpoh, Rjn Sports (Umsning), Rimi Studio (Sumer), Ochwa Fast Food (Sumer), Tyngshain Shop Bhoirymbong, and Anju Veg Shop Lad Umsaw (NEPA).
Today, 10 cases have been confirmed in Tripura, including eight from Bangladesh, one from Gurgaon, a BSF soldier working at Ambassa in Dhalai district. .
Mairang Constituency is a constituency where Tirot Singh, Phan Nonglait and other heroes have been involved in many fields especially for the development of the Jaidbynriew. it has declined in all respects because of the lack of true leaders.
For instance, it has the popular Erangel, Miramar and Sanhok maps.
Thus, the world powers and leaders promise to bring peace to Israel from time to time for years, but there is no peace except conflict and war.
Chief Minister Duh spoke about his closeness to the Gurjars of the region as they remind him of the people from Kutch.
The JSU also demands that the ethnic parties should immediately withdraw from the MDA government because the Prime Minister has ignored the feelings of the people. of COMSO, has expressed its deep sorrow over the support of Agatha K Sangma, MP of the NPP for the Citizenship Amendment Bills 2019 of the BJP Government. The NPP is still strongly opposed to the CAB, for fear that we will be overwhelmed by the foreigners who will come from Bangladesh through the CAB, but the NPP MP from Tura Constituency, supports this plan of the NPP. The BJP government has decided to exterminate us minorities and this support of Agatha for the CAB is a betrayal of the people of the State.
Prestone said the new treatment fee for Covid patients in the state will be for people who are sleeping in general wards and do not need oxygen. The treatment fee shall not exceed T.7000 per day, those admitted to the general ward and those who require oxygen shall not exceed T.11,500 per day.
The films deal with many issues including environmental protection, protection, women empowerment, gender issues, forest protection and others.
Kamphereiei in the HSSLC examination 2019 has entered the list of First Ten Positions in the Science Stream of MBOSE and came fifth.
It is learned that the presence of Govt Hostels will provide great convenience to the students who come to Jowai from remote villages.
She also informed the students that there are thousands and tens of thousands of sources of information through e-resources.
The President of KSU-Lumshnong, Samla Olenbat Pdang, said that the incident happened due to the lack of responsibility of the nurses and doctors of Lumshnong PHC to fulfill their duties and services.
(Matt. 24:3–14).
The first quarter final match of the tournament will be played on 26th July between Mawryngkneng Mission and Sikai FC at 3 pm.
She said that what they expect from the minister is that he should say something to encourage them as unemployed youth who are fighting for their rights.
Speaking to Rupang on the reports of demon worship, Pastor Sangma said that here in Shillong, there are places where there are reports of such demon worship but it is a problem. because the people did not know exactly because they did not find those people.
From now until 2024, we have another year so why not wait another year? perfect it, prepare syllabus for back semesters, allow colleges and state government to understand the complete implementation for successful implementation from 2024-25 without any delay.
This demand came after three years of attacks, but it has not come to fruition.
According to Dr Donkupar, the MDA candidate for Shillong is from the UDP while Tura is from the NPP. “I am from Tura,” said Dr Donkupar.
I'm working hard.
Mulang Ialong FC managed to improve their play to score the first goal of Dulong's goal and in the 64th minute Nidaroi Mulieh scored the second goal through Nidaroi Mulieh. complete it to win the victory.
“Please the public or anyone who complains about those high levels to reveal their names because the government does not allow at all to sylla and operate trucks carrying more than 40 to 50 metric tons from the dam bridge or to “It's a good idea to smuggle illegal coal from other roads,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
This boundary arrangement is to avoid any boundary disputes in the future.
On the other hand, as part of the commemoration of the nine victims of the incident, various political parties of the South West Garo Hills (SWGH), including the UGPF, FKJGP, ADE, AAYF, FAF , AAPE, CSAWO have closed their shops as a sign of remembrance to the victims of the incident.
Shillong, Lber 31 : U Bah Bindo M Lanong, Shillong, has been defeated by Bah Bindo M Lanong in the last MLA election from Nongkrem Constituency with 138 votes. U Bah Bindo M Lanong, who is also the founder of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has said that he wants to contest the MP election. he said while talking to reporters on Thursday at his residence in Malki.
It is also at the same time a preparation for the winter season (the Rain).
There are also many young pastors.
The KSU, RBYF, FKJGP, JSU, HNYF have banned not only Government employees and bank employees from going to office, but also teachers, school children and only those working in banks. hospitals, admitted and released.
He said that after investigating the emails, it was confirmed that it was the same person involved in sending the emails of Lawei ba Phyrnai. On June 10, 2013, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, said that he had formed a “group” of 37 educated and unemployed youths.
If this is the case, the hard work of the civil society organizations from time to time in the past to maintain the border will be in vain and also a disgrace to those souls who have lost their lives. during times of unrest in the border areas.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong urges all the residents to cooperate with the village so that the plan to develop the village as a tourist spot will be successful.
After the no confidence motion was tabled against the Executive Committee led by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Bah Titos today in the KHADC House after his defeat, Bah Titos strongly criticized the Executive Committee. The Congress has congratulated Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh for his support to the MDCs of the National People's Party (NPP) to overthrow him.
However, on this point, it is still in doubt whether it will be able to fulfill the dreams of the fans.
In a statement, the Headmaster of the school, P.Kharum invited all the alumni of the school and the residents of Sohryngkham to take their time to attend the golden jubilee celebration.
At this place, men and women came out to cast their votes.
On the other hand, Naba Bhattacharjee, President of the MCA, said that the Association will try to clean up the plants in the coming seasons.
Today, Sudhakar's father, has contracted the disease and is undergoing treatment in hospital.
He said that those who have MHIS cards can use them according to the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This is according to a statement sent by Rgh Dipshon L. Nongbri, President and Rgh.
The MPUF-EJHD (MPUF-EJHD), one of the political parties in East Jaintia Hills District, is surprised and shocked by the reports in the Rupang newspaper that the MPUF-EJHD receives money from the coal owners on 12/0 11/2018.
In Shillong, the contest is between incumbent MP Vincent H Pala and former Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh while in Tura, the contest is between former Williamnagar MLA Deborah Marak and incumbent MLA U. Zenith Sanctuary.
Therefore, this has caused the farmers to face many problems because they cannot even collect the rice to eat at home. they shall not do so.
According to a petition submitted by the Dorbar Shnong Banglasohphie to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, the Dorbar Shnong has informed that the residents of Banglasohphie Hima have been facing problems in relation to the works. The Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) of the residents have been sent to Mairang while the benefit schemes are still receiving from Sohiong. Hills District.
According to Pakistani media reports, the blast occurred on Agha Sultan Ibrahim road in Khuzdar's Balochistan province.
Moosiang Lamare Old will play against Khliehmyntriang SC at 12:00 pm and Moosiang Lamare New will play against Rymbai Madanpynriang SC at 2:30 pm.
Baptism began 300-400 years after Jesus Christ.
The KSU has questioned who took the life of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta and written on the banners that they are Bengalis from Bangladesh.
These are the districts of Upper, Lower, Langlew, Marngor and Phyllut.
However, due to time constraints, many schools have already ordered the textbooks to be published since last year, so we are allowed to continue this year.
Ramdev told reporters that the drugs will be available in various shops across India from today and that the Indian government has directed him to use them. The word “Covid management” is replaced by “Covid treatment” for these drugs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Shillong District Jail authorities have lodged a complaint against GNLA Chairman Champion R Sangma for threatening a jail employee to take his own life.
They also said that the leaders from the past have not been able to fulfill these aspirations of the people especially the roads but it is Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare who has taken the initiative to implement the scheme for the construction and rehabilitation of these important roads. I don't need to go to Mawhati.
During the visit, Shah will unveil the statues of Kempegowda (founder of Bengaluru) and Basaveshwara (bringer of change for the Lingayats). , before Vidhana Soudha, State Assembly on 24th October.
On Saturday, Moosalyngkat will play against Mukhla Raij at 2:30 pm.
Therefore, the MDA 2.0 Government should be urged to convene a Special Session of the Legislative Assembly so that the Roster System can be discussed and decided when it will be implemented. to you.
“It is up to the party to decide on the ticket and the party will act on it,” he said.
We will soon start providing medical assistance on a small scale in Jaintia Hills of Nangbah District.
It may be recalled that even the study report conducted by the Department of Environmental Studies, NEHU Shillong in 2016 expressed the doubt to drink this water because it is polluted.
On the other hand, the village has warned and punished those who violate.
With this victory, Meghalaya has won the tournament.
Lamare said that the speech of other candidates will not lead anywhere.
Replying to the demand of the people, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma promised that he, his cabinet and the state government will take action.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Malngiang said, “The Zero Hour Notice has been raised in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in November this year. -The dissatisfaction and rejection by various groups especially the Church leaders of the opening of casinos in the State.
Such a politics and drama will bring us trouble.
Bangladeshi Dkhars have started owning the APL in Muktapur since the beginning of
Tamil Nadu followed with 12,448, Gujarat with 12,140, ​​Delhi with 10,554 and Rajasthan with 5,8
Those who come from countries that have encountered rocks see clearly these opportunities and earn money here.
Ahmedabad: Saket Gokhale, the national spokesperson of the Trinamool Congress, who has been the new leader of the Meghalaya government, especially the NPP, has been arrested from Jaipur, Rajasthan on charges of speaking against the government. and unfounded accusations against the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Regarding the award, he said that this is the fruit of your hard work and it should not end here but you should continue to work hard because only the hardworking can get the holy fruit. .
Out of the request of T.3,072 crore, the Central Government has allocated T.100 crore and has directed the State Government through the Disaster Management Department to spend on this project.
On the other hand, the JHADC said that this action of the Dolloi is a violation of the order of the Supreme Court.
However, when it was submitted to the state government, it did not accept it.
It is to be recalled that the cherry blossom festival was held for three days, on the opening day of the festival it had to be canceled due to natural disasters, but the festival went on. Many people are looking forward to seeing the performance of Ronan Keating, one of the stars of the world.
This is your opinion.
New Delhi: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) has issued an order to a luxury hotel to pay a fine of Rs 2 crore to a person who went to a salon. It was in this place and the reason was because she had cut her hair wrong and this is a person who should have a great position as a model.
The two arrested are Manbhalang Nongspung charged under 153/153A/505/506/507 IPC and Fuller Strong Kharsyiemlieh charged under 121/1 /506/507 IPC. Police have summoned several persons and seized their mobile phones which are evidence on their complaint.
He also replied that Bah Ardent does not want to change the Reservation Policy in these years because he is in other political parties.
On the other hand, some of the residents who came to the market said that they had received the information that the market will open on 26th October 2020, but they did not find the announcement issued later. get to know the word.
According to the Sengbhalang leaders, the committee has confirmed that it will complete its work within two months and hand over to the government to take the necessary action.
On Thursday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky delivered a speech on the suffering that Ukraine is suffering at this time only because of Russia's hostility.
In the picture, the Cabinet meeting chaired by Narendra Modi at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg.
He said that if the prime minister does not call for a speech, they will hold another protest on the 12th of this month and they will hold a sit-in in front of the secretariat even if they do not get permission.
Police have arrested the suspect and investigation is ongoing.
“If the Congress comes to power, it will eradicate this tax evasion and will use the tax properly to develop the state,” he said.
The people of the State also have the right to judge who is more qualified to be a leader without electing anyone.
" said Kmie.
A short meeting was also held at the market to explain to the farmers about the kilo harvest.
Earlier, Bah B.Syiem, Vice Principal and Convener of the Library Advisory Committee, Shillong College, said that the library is an important part of the life of the students and also explained the services. of libraries from the digital advancement in this age.
“We can call a meeting with various groups later if we feel necessary,” said Thangkhiew.
On this occasion, the youth of the Presbyterian Church from these seven districts came to take part along with the parents from Shillong.
Last year, on the occasion of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking at the Soso Tham Auditorium on 26 June 2018, on the theme, “Davies R Marak, SP East Khasi Hills District, said these words. I am sorry that as young people we have a great part to play in the fight against this KRUIN BAMPONG for our young people by living a life free from these things that affect our health. our.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that there are many issues that need to be considered before the border between Assam and Meghalaya can be resolved. It will be the decision of the residents living in the border areas but it will also have to consider the number of ethnic groups, the services they receive from the government and also the facts according to history and these all will be reviewed in order to take this section forward.
The club have made him an expensive player in the English league with a fee of £89m in
In the first half, Parent's Body won the match 3-1
Therefore, it is necessary to follow the example of the laws in accordance with the Constitution of the country so that this Bill or Act can take place in the country.
Shillong, June 09: The Jirang Hima Dorbar convened by the Syiem and Ministers on Thursday collapsed after the people protested against the issues between the Syiem and the Joint Action Committee (JAC). and the five Kurs of Wahlang who complained against the Syiem of Paiem RH Wahlang.
Today's final match between Khliehmawlieh and Rangdajied will be one of the most beautiful matches and it can be said that it will be an unthinkable match and it cannot be decided on the winners as they are the teams that have won. Shillong: Shillong has won the tournament.
The nine persons arrested are Broswel Pyngrope, Elbinus Mylliemngap, Sanil Mylliemngap, Rani Kharumnuid, Mildret Kharumnuid, Khrawbor Kharumnuid and Johny Kharumnuid.
Also present on the occasion were HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin, General Secretary Roykupar Synrem, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Bari Pyngrope and others. .
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The UDP MDC from Nongkrem constituency has criticized the District Council for transferring money collected from the Professional Tax into the accounts of private individuals where most of these accounts are private accounts. Former Secretary of KHADC Welljune Syiemlieh.
“If they allege that the ABVP sent the robbers, they should lodge a complaint with the police but not just talk in the media.
However, at the same time, Japan is a country that pursues knowledge, prosperity, well-being and progress.
“Now we have to decide who will contest from the Shillong seat,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong Moodymmai, Nartiang Constituency, has announced the rules for the MLA Election 2023 as part of the efforts to maintain cleanliness and peace in the village.
“Therefore, the party would like to request your esteem office to advise the Health department for replacement of the product," Lyngdoh said.
He said that 5.32 lakh households have been allocated water supply and the work is progressing well.
The date of the elections was scheduled to be held on 26th July 2023, but was postponed by an order dated 25th July 2023 and then by a notice dated 28th July to be elected Sordar, November 9, 2023.
The Dorbar Shnong has banned the Election Campaigners of all Candidates who are not residents of the Shnong, from campaigning or entering the Shnong from 6.00 Pm pm on the 23rd Feb 2023 until the evening on the 27th Feb Feb 2023.
The advertisement bill has been pending for many years in various government departments and has reached billions of rupees.
Acts 17:30-3
The strike will end on the 6th of next month.
The new cases include EGH: 7, EJH: 7, EKH: 271, NGH: 3, RBD: 55, SGH: 4, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 3, WGH: 63, WJH: and WKH: 50.
Shillong: The excessive increase in the price of commodities especially food items has caused many MLAs to be very concerned as this has affected the income of the residents.
But what do they think of that God as whom he is or where he is and where he dwells? The reason is that man cannot see or look at God with these naked eyes.
Phrangki Buam, who is from Jaintia Hills, made his debut for Royal Wahingdoh in the U16 and U1
He said that if the rainfall is sufficient from the last month of July, the farmers will start harvesting.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) is likely to meet soon next month to discuss the response received from the HSPDP which has raised the demand for the replacement of its leader, Bah Ardent. M Basaiawmoit as CEM of KHADC. The HSPDP meeting today decided to immediately reject the demand of the UDP to replace Ardent with another leader. The UDP's demand is only for small businesses that can be negotiated.
“This return does not mean the entire Block I and Block II but only the villages belonging to Meghalaya and that too after the joint inspection of these areas by Assam and Meghalaya.
"II.WHAT IS NATURE? We all understand, we know the meaning of "Nature" from the wise to the uneducated, the small and the large, we know what Nature is? The word and subject “Mariang” is very broad.
Through this petition to the DC Ri-Bhoi, the NTC has also pointed out and complained about other shortcomings and requested the DC to take action on this issue, including the delay in completing the work. The lack of construction of water supply systems, the lack of street lights, the lack of construction of approach roads, the divider with unstable steel and also the delay in the construction of the public pedestrian bridge.
The NCERT will introduce the National Curricular Framework for School Education, NCFSE 2020-21.
If you have customs and traditions, respect them; Don't be afraid, don't be afraid of your enemies.
For vehicles operating in Shillong and surrounding areas, about 20 percent per day will be allowed to travel in Municipal areas, Cantonment areas, Mawlai Block urban areas and Mawpat Block and in the areas of Mylliem Block.
Man is a man whether he is a king, a king, a priest, a pastor, a priest, a farmer, a poor or rich merchant, a tax collector or a day labourer. u Blei I can't see.
“Instead of focusing on the development and improvement of MCCL Ltd, the government's intention is to shut down and develop the dewbilat factories of companies owned by foreigners. locals from other states.
Subsequently, the Department of Water Resources (now the Department of Jal Shakti) launched the National Aquifer Mapping and Management (NAQUIM) program in
The order says that the Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills should implement this order.
“The Seng expresses its regret and strong opposition to the statements and allegations of some people who say that the market vendors have blocked the road to the fire trucks and thus the fire has spread to the house. .
According to the plaintiff, seven companies have received permission from the State Government to operate dewbilat factories along with a 10 mw power plant but these factories have produced more dewbilat. not what was stipulated by the Government in the letter of approval dated 13th November,
The residents of the village said that the area belongs to Raid Marwet, Mylliem Hima.
The Soh Niamtra Mission should be implemented immediately not only to help develop the Soh Niamtra farmers but also to send scientists or research scholars to find out the reasons why the Soh Niamtra trees cannot survive longer. long survival) or why they are no longer as strong as they used to be.
On this occasion, the Minister handed over the KickStart check to the Village Leaders and launched the booklet Reimagining Streets.
Amit Shah said he has never seen the current Official Language Committee working.
The Seng has strongly opposed the public hearing on many grounds:- On this basis, the Seng has already sent a letter of opposition to the proposal of Star Cement to increase the mining of coal to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. , Shillong.
Many allegations have been made against this group especially in connection with the illegal mining and trading of coal.
Such examples should be followed by other Dorbar Shnongs so that the people can understand that money should not enter every household to buy at the same price as buying goats and cows.
The Annual Conference of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) is the largest gathering of the Karbi people in the state which is held every year for two days since the establishment of the AMKA in , and the purpose of the meeting was to bring unity, love and recognition among the Karbi people living in Meghalaya and also to showcase the activities of the organization throughout the year.
Mawlai had to fight hard in Group-B, but in the end they managed to beat Lumparing by goal difference to retain the top spot.
The second issue is to make Meghalaya unemployment free and the Congress promises to provide employment to every person from every household.
Semford also complained that Congress had paid T.50 lakh for the use of the helicopter on 25th and 26th October.
Regarding the delay of the Congress Party in announcing the ticket from the constituency, this reporter spoke to Bah D.Ranee, Rangbah Shnong of Jirang Center Village. Many of the Congress supporters from the constituency have expressed their surprise at the delay in the announcement of the ticket by the party.
As part of the Yatra, assistance was provided at these places such as registration under PM Ujjwala, registration in MY Bharat, distribution of Ayushman cards and others.
I don't think it should stay like this but he will raise it,” said Peter while drinking. “The beginning is always small,” explained the mother.
In a statement, the KSU through its Publicity Secretary, Samla Kwilnis Suchiang, invited the students, Longkmie, members of the Seng, Village Leaders, Leaders and Para Sengbhalang to come together on this day to awaken the nation.
“This scheme has been allocated Rs 95,38,22,518.00 crore and the tender has been called and he hopes that soon they will be able to start implementing it,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah George B Lyngdoh (Congress) has brought a body to discuss the violence against the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people living in Bangladesh, as reported in the media these days.
Khliehriat, July 30: A youth named Kefel Nonsiej, 18, from Kynshi Mawria village, Eastern West District, has drowned in a well near Umbyrleiñ Valley, Rangad village, East Jaintia Hills. Hills District, at the time of writing, the body of the youth has not been recovered from the water.
“The government has already sent a blueprint, in which they have proposed a suitable site which also falls in the European ward, but when we received their letter, I don't have anything to say.
He urged the Sordars and BLOs to cooperate for this purpose, especially when the BLOs enter the villages or households for the linking of EPIC and Aadhaar.
He said his presence at this meeting was a sign of his full support to Andrew Shullai.
We can see that the opposition of the Tamil people to the attempt of the Central Government to impose Hindi has reached the point where the State Government has brought a resolution to express this attempt. Central Government.
The union also demanded that the DC should investigate the expenditure of the farmers.
Alia, who is still busy with Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani, is now one of the actresses who has impressed the audience with her ability to take and act any role in films is one that has promoted her career.
f) The pH of the tap water at Research Station, Jowai is 6.64 (neutral).
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Tuesday said that the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) has not received a letter of invitation to the party. The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has held a meeting with the leaders of various political parties in Meghalaya to discuss many issues before the Meghalaya elections. prepare to head into the upcoming 2023 Assembly elections.
From the journey of Syllad, it was seen that the people because of this sudden announcement, the people did not have any fear, but they gathered in all the shops where there are and opened in all the districts of Shillong.
“For her part, she has made it clear that the Congress stands for the Bill but these two parts are the stepping stone to ensure that women get this share.
The celebration was organized by MVISS School in collaboration with Block Mission Coordinator SSA, Mairang.
Nongpoh, Nailar 16: Police have arrested two suspects at Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary in Ri Bhoi District on Sunday night. Through the shrip, 6 poachers have been arrested in the forest which has been specially maintained by the government for the preservation of the animals. forest.
That train which some felt, it has long been contended, was not to be brought, because it would cause more harm than good.
After the rescue of these birds, the Wildlife Department Jowai was immediately informed and they rushed to the scene and confirmed that these endangered species fall under Schedule 1 of Wildlife. Protection Act, these birds have been handed over to the Wildlife Department Jowai.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) U Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, in a meeting with the media, said, “According to the law, we have won but we will see tomorrow. in the special meeting tomorrow at 10 pm"
Before these players and their leaders left the state for Nagaland, the MSOA together with the Sports Department of the State Government held a congratulatory program to encourage the youth of Nagaland. The state tournament was held at the First Ground, Polo, today.
The organization, which works hard in the country to provide ancestry, was established in 1990 and has completed 25 years in its journey amidst many challenges in its journey.
Shillong: Police have conducted a search operation in Jowai today.
“The association has chosen this path so that the youth will have the opportunity to showcase their talents, including the young men and women of the area in three types of sports. volleyball, basketball and football,” said Renik.
Therefore, TUR states that the teachers' strike is honorable and their demands should be met immediately.
“We have been together every meeting, we have just held a meeting before the dorbar, I don't know if they will leave,” said Teinwel.
“When I took over as Speaker, Bah Kyndiah sent a message that he wanted to meet me,” said Mandal.
The festival was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on Friday.
“I am proud and say that the state has been blessed by God because the people are fearful of God's laws and quick to observe and explain to others and we must continue to be like that as a society. “It is the responsibility of the state government to warn this government so that these corruption cases will be eradicated from the state,” said Dr Mukul.
Speaking at 10:30 pm, Pastor SD Lanong gave a message from the first letter of Peter chapter 2 verse 9 which highlighted the value of Christianity in these days.
It was not easy for the Israelites to believe in that name of Jesus because they did not believe until now but only a few believed.
The Shillong Traffic Department has urged drivers living in Umsohsun, Wahingdoh and other surrounding areas to use the newly constructed road.
In the second half, Mylliem SC tried hard to turn the tide and in the 82nd minute they managed to score through Janhameshwa Marngar in the 82nd minute.
Regarding the number of Casual Workers, Work Charge Staff, Muster Roll and also on the payment of wages, the Union said that it will seek RTI information from the PHE Department of the State Government.
Chyne said that women don't know what the Dorbar Shnong decides, but when the Dorbar Shnong takes any decision, they have their own sangot to inform the public what they decide. within the village council.
SNSBH President Dr Werlok Kharshiing has expressed his surprise at the decision of the state government to amend the Service Rules of government employees to prohibit them from holding village posts and other unions.
In order to improve the mindset of the students and also to instill a love for sports among the students, the shatri of teachers from various schools in Wahkaji, South West Khasi Hills District including Wahkaji Govt LP School, Langrin Govt UP School, Wahkaji and Wahkaji Secondary Schools have held the Annual Sport Meet 2023 for two days ending on 20th June
The incident happened at 10:30 pm yesterday and the deceased was a guard at the Ri Bhoi Police Station. Speaking to reporters, Bah C.Syrti, SP of Ri Bhoi, said that the cause of the shooting of the Homeguard is still unknown. and especially to arrest these robbers who have been involved in this crime.
“We want to clarify to the public that the HYC is not a party that wants to create trouble or create chaos,” he added.
It was after India had authority over the Khasi Hills only in currency, communication, military and that India had promised not to violate our customs and traditions and our rights. He said that the college, roads and CCTV cameras should be looked after by the MLA for Pynthorumkhrah for the benefit of the people. .
The scientists' findings have confirmed what has happened when viruses, including Zika and Ebola, stay in the human body for a long time.
“Can you still do such things?” said the brother and looked at him.
Of course the Mother saw this; but she did not show joy to her husband or to her son.
Nongpoh: In the past few months, the KSU Northern Border Area (KSU) has written to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and the DC of Ri Bhoi District, demanding the change of the road. 'Cherrapunjee' to 'Sohra' signboard on NH-6 in Jerobad, Ri Bhoi, but due to lack of action by NHAI and DC, KSU leaders, Northern Border Area, on Saturday, they went to fill in the inscription 'Cherrapunjee' and wrote 'Sohra'
Those who sell the country are those who sell their ownership of the land, because the land is the source of the identity of our nation in this world in which we live. .
He also praised the village authorities and said that in the past years the village authorities have improved the villages and beautiful places by implementing the 100 days schemes.
Her friends, who witnessed the incident, tried to help her, but they could not see her because she had fallen into the water.
“Bah D.Sun from WKSU said, “We have been looking for jobs and government jobs all through the strike programs and many other problems we have faced.
The Minister said that there are about 15,000 schools and colleges in the state while Manipur has only about 4,000 teachers. He said that there are about 12,000 teachers in our state. SSA while Manipur has only 3,0
He said the Supreme Court's order has enacted the Mine and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 in Meghalaya and this Act lays down the rules on how to mine coal and so on.
We don’t always have time to ask: what’s true, what’s false.
We are living in the twenty-first century, the era of neo-liberal and market economy – democracy is in grave danger, income and income of the citizens are in decline.
Chunthailiu Gang, a resident of Laitumkhrah, was found dead in Mawlai today.
The MDC said that the post should have been replaced but for more than 10 years now the MeECL office has installed a new post light along the nearby road in the area. MeECL has just installed a new building and left it without any signage or electricity supply to the households.
This was announced by the Village Leaders of Khanduli Village including the Additional Deputy. The ADC of West Jaintia Hills District, MA Challam, will submit the petition at his office on Tuesday.
The report of the Task Force on Border Management August 2000 states that every year 3 lakh Bangladeshis (illegal) enter India and most of them enter Assam.
One morning, the woman got up early in the morning to go from house to house to tell this and that as she used to do every day.
The funeral service will be held on 8.03.2023 at 1 pm at the Presbyterian Church Sohkha.
Minister of State James P. Kongkal Sangma was the chief guest, MDC Phasmon Dkhar, EM of JHADC and Nehlang Lyngdoh, former MLA of the constituency were the chief guests.
Application forms and security deposit should be submitted to the Secretary of the District Election Committee, Bah GG Bung Snaitang by 10th November.
Too many employees cannot be appointed.
Shillong, Lber 3: The KSU Nongkrem Unit sends its best wishes to all the students of Nongkrem and surrounding areas who will sit for their examinations this year.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) Western Zone today visited the site for the construction of the Mini. Secretariat in Jowai and during the inspection it was found that the construction of the Mini Secretariat has started.
She said that today is a memorable day for all the citizens for their unity to make the state one of the prominent states in all aspects.
These lands are the long-standing cultivation areas of the indigenous people from the border area with Bangladesh and have been the source of food for many years for the people of the area.
He denied it by saying that he has nothing to do with the HSPDP,” said Bah Hoping.
Nongstoiñ, June 29: Myrïaw Village is the luckiest village in terms of health, as it already has a Primary Health Center of the government which has enough doctors and staff.
Paul said the Congress will face a challenge in the upcoming MDC and MP elections in the state.
Among the four MMA fighters who represented Meghalaya, Jeff Diengdoh, Gregory F. Sohtun and Kedokiteuo Sirie returned home with the title.
One of Priyanka's advice to those in Bollywood is that they should not allow the factory to be destroyed because if it cannot be destroyed, Bollywood will never be destroyed. it cannot grow like other foreign production companies.
Shillong, November 1: The Garo Hills Police have been on high alert to prevent the GNLA, ASAK and others from using the people to exchange money. 500 and 1000 notes because they had received information earlier that the GNLA was trying to deposit their money in the bank through the accounts of the people.
It doesn't happen that the roads in Shillong have been destroyed, but only in recent years, because in the past, the roads in the rural areas and the city have been destroyed.
In Shillong, the flag will be laid by the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma while in other cities, the flag will be laid by the Minister.
Kerio Nongbri scored the third goal for AG in the 54th minute.
In the Cars category, Larry Mukhim won the first prize, while in the second category, Lieh Lamare and Babit Lyngdoh came third.
St. John Paul II visited Shillong on 4th June, 1986 as part of his visit to India.
Regarding the demand for cancellation of NOC, the CEM told the MPUF leaders that it is difficult to cancel NOC for any factory if the factory that applied for NOC has already received all the NOCs from other Government departments or the NOC from the Village Council.
The Director asked Kumar to translate these Hindi words into English and Khasi.
The land of the Khasi,They have been robbed and robbed;Ah! Who will set the border for three years, the leaders, Who have been elected to look after the country;
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Rata Cherra, Shillong, on the occasion of the Christmas meeting, told the Chief Minister that there is nothing wrong with the case. Philomath Passah, in an interview with you a few days ago.
Some of the residents of the village said that the deterioration of the road has caused suffering and inconvenience to the people. The road, which connects many villages and reaches the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam to the Marmaiñ area, has been neglected for decades without being painted or improved.
I am the secretary and sangot of Seinduli-II. I tell you that we the Rangbah Shnong have taken a lot of action.
He said that as a nation, we must live our customs and traditions, our race and our dignity.
Enough! Of course, we really need a road to facilitate traffic especially in these times.
What is needed in this area is that there is a need for a better footpath to reach the cave.
He gave an example that Shillong is a very crowded city and people are very concerned about this problem.
In the words of the Pastor, he said, “You are a pig; get the name of the ksew" which is quoted from the Fables of Aesop.
Rossetta Mary Kurbah is a hard worker and she is quick to help those in need.
Nongpoh, June 29: Some farmers who support their families through poultry farming have expressed their deep sorrow over the impact of the MeECL power outages. The chickens need to have electricity.
Out of these 231, about 80 state residents have been employed despite the reservation made by the All India where STs have received only 7.5%. you can go to the hospital.
Shillong: A severe road accident has occurred in Laitlyngkot village today.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Aguster Jyrwa said that the decision was taken to suspend the emergency meeting of the 13 political parties today to consider the requests of various religious groups. state because there is no celebration like Puja, and other religious ceremonies.
However, even if a new contractor has been appointed, it is clear that the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism, which is the headquarters of the Central Government, does not want to give up its land with the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited. (NHIDCL) has shown that it is no longer possible to change the road route to avoid taking over the land of the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism.
Furthermore, the union encourages the families of the drivers who were killed, the union will work together until we win and eradicate such killers.
In the under-17 girls category, Mookyndur Secondary School won by 1 to 0. In the girls' final, Mookyndurka beat Police Public School Jowai by 10 goals through Heisami. shooting.
The committee, during this session of the present EC, has reviewed the Bill 2018, with the consultation of the elders and women who understand the kur ka jait, sent The amendment bill 2018 should be considered before it is enacted.
However, let it end like that – to send goods here and not to allow foreigners to overcrowd the land of the indigenous people.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said, “The farmers of the state have not been able to fill even their own district, but they have been farming only to feed themselves.
The state government has also issued the same notice prohibiting the shooting of birds and wild animals.
He said that out of the 5.5 lakh jobs that the government will provide in the next five years, the government has set a target that 2.5 lakh jobs will be in agriculture and 10 lakh for women. Under the NRLM scheme, 1.2 lakh jobs will be created from Skill Meghalaya, 50,000 jobs from the Tourism Department, 50,000 vehicles from CM-Elevate and 20,000 jobs from IT.
It is reported that one group received 44 loans.
The quarter final will be played again today (15.09.2023) between Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah and Chutwakhu.
“It's not like I'm going to take Hep.
“We have appointed a special committee to look into this issue.
According to the order of the District Magistrate, dated 5th November 2020, 27 candidates attended the examination and none of them passed, except the above 5 candidates.
In the second half, India started by turning to Chile's goal where Anita, who took the ball alone, struck against the goal but the Chilean goalkeeper scored. I don't know what to do.
A case has been registered and the investigation has started.
Nongpoh, Naitung 18: In commemoration of the 188th death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, the Khasi Student Union, North The Khasi Hills District Unit on the 17th of this month, has honored 75 students of Ri Bhoi District who have passed well in various examinations. u Tyrol King King.
“We will burn America” was written on October
However, due to the negligence of the guard, the two men escaped.
Shillong: U Wilfred Nongsiej IAS, Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Prisons Dept.
The mother of the young woman refused to give it to him and demanded that he should fulfill what he had promised first, that is, to give her and her daughter a job, but after this. According to the mother of the girl, the man has disappeared completely without coming back and although the mother of the girl has tried to phone him but she cannot find his Facebook account. use more.
Bah Hamlet said that the ILP Act is alive and well not only now but for the future.
Bichar Lamare scored 66 runs off 43 balls and took four wickets in four overs to be named Man of the Match.
When asked whether the Government has consulted him, he said that there has been no such thing.
When asked whether he would contest, Dr Mukul said, “I don't want to reduce the number of MLAs to 60 in the Legislative Assembly”.
Jowai: The Village Leaders of Umstain Village in Narpuh District East Jaintia Hills District have decided to hold the election for the new Rangbah Shnong. this village.
Regarding the Meghalaya Labor Law (Amendment) Act 2020, the Contractors Association informs the Minister that in accordance with the directive received from the Ministry of Labor on 26-04-2021, the Contractors They don't need to have a Labor License until they have received a work order and if their work doesn't cover 50 employees or more in their jobs, but the Labor Department issues a Labor License. The Minister was requested to look into both these issues and direct the Labor Office not to issue Labor Licenses until then. The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers' Association (ACA) has received work orders in a statement.
He said that his father had been speaking for about 10 hours at Mawmaram after sitting in the car and felt like a shadem and when he was taken to hospital it was learned that he had died.
“It is true that there are Health Centers and Hospitals in Karbi Anglong Assam but our people don't understand and don't know how to speak Karbi-Assamese and this has caused them a lot of trouble,” said the Forum. .
The Langpih area has expressed its courage to protect their land, but how can they fight against the Assam government troops who come with guns, Assam police with Nepalis? “The authorities of the Meghalaya government are still walking around with their guns only in Shillong, even those who don't have weapons,” he said.
When Jesus was born 3 (Three) wise men from the East saw the star that led them to the place where the child Jesus was born, they worshiped and worshiped Him and they he also gave gifts.
The soul is more precious than wealth.
In another match, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Lumbhahdakha 4-2 in the tie breaker.
In the 65 kg category, Aiboklang Paul Wanniang went first, Donald Masynting went second and Deligent Rymbai went third.
In the second innings, the MLP beat Raj Bhavan by 16 runs.
Speaking to media after assuming the post of Lamphang, Dr Donkupar said, “I will try to ensure that the House is completed within my term of office”.
In a statement sent by the 13 students of the school, along with their names, they said that the behavior of the Vice Principal of the school has been excessive, because He also touched the hands of the children without explaining the words and this action of the Vice Principal, is especially during the preparation for the upcoming Parish Day.
“Training is essential for government employees so that they can serve and perform their duties according to the needs,” said Bah Warjri.
According to the order, it is prohibited to gather more than five people at the toll plaza and to create trouble at the toll plaza by any person or group.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 22: The Executive Engineer, PHE Cum Member Secretary DWSM (JJM), Mawkyrwat today held a public awareness campaign on the importance of drinking water in every household. The rally in connection with the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) started from the office of the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and ended at the PHE office, Mawkyrwat.
In the KHADC, the Regional Democratic Alliance (including the UDP, HSPDP and NPP) will form the EC in the KHADC.
Police sources said that the Alto was driven by Dirling Kharlyngdoh of the same village of Nonglang.
It was also explained how they can get assistance from the RBI if they have any problems regarding the deposit process in banks.
He said that through this assistance, the construction of this stadium will be a great blessing to the villagers where they can use it not only for sports but for other sports and sports. as well as for many needs of the village and also for use in public works such as churches and others.
There has been a lot of talk from the public that the four buses are now less profitable, perhaps this is the reason why many of the buses are broken.
Kynta also lodged a complaint in the court against the smuggling of land vendors on the sidewalks in parts of the city, where SP Mahanta, one of the senior lawyers of the state, agreed. on the complaint of Bah Kynta.
The Minister said that the salaries of teachers have been released for all types of schools including SSA teachers. “The Central Government has not yet released the first installment of the SSA teachers and the State Government has not yet released the installment of the SSA teachers. still talking," he said.
Speaking to media, CEM Titostarwell Chyne said that according to the agreement, the Heritage Village in Mawphlang was placed under the care and maintenance of the Hima Mawphlang. The District Council has spent thousands of rupees.
Replying to the Prime Minister's statement that the government will act according to the laws, Bah Marwein said that according to the discussions and consultations with the lawyers, Bah Marwein said that they have explained clearly that it depends on the "It's the will of the government to drop the cases against us.
Thiruvananthapuram, Naitung 18: Cows will now have a number and the program to collect information on cows, goats and others has been extended. continue, in which information has been collected by the department since this month.
However, he said that his desire to wear gold has caused the robbers to follow him wherever he goes.
The funeral service will be held on 26.05.2024 at the Presbyterian Church Mowkaiaw at 1.00 pm.
Munindra Nath Ngatey, the head of the health department, said there were still people who were afraid to get injected.
The revenue for 2020-21 has been T.17,375 crore, of which revenue receipts have been T.15,353 crore and capital receipts T.2,022 crore, said the Chief Minister.
Today's match will be between Group B – Mawlai SC will face Kharang SC at 2:30pm, Iasnohktilang FC will face Lumparing SC at 2:30pm. 4:15pm.
The meeting between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam on Tuesday at Janata Bhawan, Assam in the presence of the Chief Secretaries of the two states and other senior officials agreed to create a Regional Committees.
On 27th June at 11.45 pm, police arrested a GNLA member, Witson M Sangma (35), from Chokpot Market, who was suspected of being a supplier of weapons. The arrested person was sent to the doctors of Chokpot CHC at 4.30 pm and During the examination, the doctor, Dr. Roswell Sangma, found that the arrested person was suffering from illness and did not prescribe medicine to the arrested person.
This has caused a lot of trouble not only to those who don't earn vehicles but also to those who don't have private vehicles.
He said that it has been almost a year since the state government passed the ILP Resolution in the Legislative Assembly but the central government has remained silent. The Resolution is only two pages long and it is a threat to the people of the state as a whole.
Shillong, Lber 31 : The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) is proud to announce that Teimiki Sungoh from Shangpung Village, West Jaintia Hills District has been selected by the Association to train in the field of mountaineering. Advance Mountaineering Course) at Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI), Darjeeling.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: U Moonliaght Pariat, who has contested for the 2023 MLA elections from Jowai Constituency for the fourth time, has decided to contest again from the United Democratic Party (UDP). ).
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Photography Workshop and Exhibition organized by the Department of Arts and Culture has been held by the journalists of the State. in the state, at the SoSo Tham Auditorium.
The Minister urged the students to succeed in their studies and also to have a goal to reach the highest ranks, which will bring honor. not only to the family, but to the community, the district and the state as a whole.
Furthermore, Mawïamsyiem is one of the villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, most of the residents of this village are Khasi and Garo.
Nongstoiñ: Three youths of Langpih village were injured in a shooting incident in Langpih area on Thursday evening.
To date, only Williamnagar in East Garo Hills is a planned town.
“Whoever did this, it is theft and fraud, the law should work against those involved in this,” she said.
Leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong, Bah Deolangki Dkhar, in the past few days, have met with the officials of GR Infra Projects Ltd and handed over the They also sent a petition to the officials of G.R.Infra and through the petition they demanded to repair and improve the flooded and flooded areas between the roads, as well as to complete the side drains. footpaths, guard walls, traffic lights and traffic signals, as well as rumble strips.
India has to think carefully and act.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today submitted a petition to the Principal Secretary of Disaster Management (KSU) PW Ingty to the government to provide training to the children. schools and college students and also government offices how to protect themselves from such incidents.
He said that 90% of those who get the disease are tobacco users.
The swai and the sdot came and the KKK turned around.
During this visit, I closed my eyes and listened carefully, my ears, to watch the dance of the rang kynsai and the virgin girls, accompanied by the ksing ka dhah of the duhalia, who were in the middle of the. I witnessed the presence of the Raid Shabong and the blessings from the Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Pa'iem Balajied Sing Syiem, and the presence of the former Syiem of Mylliem Hima, King Laborious Manik Syiem, many other Raid Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs and office bearers of the Three Daughters.
As of Friday morning, the Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority has not commented on the incident.
He said that the 13 organizations including KSU, FKJGP, GSU, HNYF, RBYF, JYF, JSU, AJYWO, CSWO, KWWADA, AIGU, ADE and AYWO will not back down but will continue to demand the government. The General Secretary of the KSU has rejected the claims of others that the implementation of the ILP will affect the sports industry, and said that those who spread this news are only a trick to lead. misleading and misleading the people of the state.
The second reason may be that the officer issued this notice on the orders of those in power or politicians who are in trouble for the support of the people for the Voice of the People. Party.
At the same time, it is a message to the football world in the country of the strong support of the Prime Minister,” said Eugenson.
Police have said that they will not rest and are continuing their search operation to find the robbers and also to rescue others who are still in the custody of these robbers. They have destroyed the society and the peace and stability of the people living in the border areas of West Khasi Hills.
She said that with the advent of this programme, the farmers will receive many monthly explanations on the working of the CDP for the betterment of agriculture and the assistance available from the government.
Friends and relatives are also invited to come and celebrate together as usual every year.
Earlier, the UDP Youth Wing had strongly criticized the operation of the infiltration check gates at Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District and in Umkiang-Ratachera area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
However, after the clash with the crowd, some policemen were also injured.
According to the order, these factories have been ordered to do this because there has been an illegal construction of these factories to use coal from this area and other coal smuggled from other districts.
They include RDA candidate Robertjune Khar Jahrin, VPP candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon and independent candidate Prof Lakhon Kma.
He said the people should understand and not be misled by these baseless statements.
The match will be played between Mukhla Raij SC and Shangpung Lumiawmushai at 2 pm on Tuesday.
Speaking to media after the NPP East Khasi Hills meeting, Samlin said, “The vote of condolence will not work much in Sohiong because the deceased was not an MLA but only an MLA. candidate.
Kharge has received a lot of support from many of the senior leaders of the party unlike Tharoor who has received the support of the younger ones and workers. party that doesn't have a paw face than.
“This is only his personal speech and he has the right to speak as the head of the party he leads and I don't have anything to criticize his personal opinion but as a country we have a Constitution that accepts all all religions and ethnic groups,” said the Prime Minister.
This tournament will also open the door for the players to reach the senior team and also to various clubs and to make Meghalaya strong once again. the domestic football industry.
In addition, there are kurs who belong to the same thymmei and have spread throughout the Khasi Hills and who are still counting kurs and jait from the same mawbah.
Shillong, July 20: U Bah Tarcisius Mawlot, resident of Pyndemumïong, Mairang, has decided to contest the MLA election from Mawlai Constituency. And God'
The Bangladesh Tiger Force has admitted to killing the two men on charges of involvement in illegal activities in the border areas, according to a statement sent to the media by Dallim Islam, Commander in Chief. The BTF sent on behalf of its chairman Samsul Islam said that the security officer is accused of torturing and insulting Bangladeshi men and raping and killing women and girls. child, “We have seen and suffered for a long time, but now it is time.
When asked whether the father of her children used to come to help her, she replied that he has never come to help her.
He said this at a meeting with reporters after the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday.
Article 370 gives special powers to the State of Jammu and Kashmir and through the repeal of this article, there is a lot of talk that Article 371 can also be repealed. the miat of the north-east.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has extended his Nongkrem greetings to all the people of the state especially the residents of the Khasi Hills who have celebrated this day.
Although the Central Government has announced to connect Meghalaya with a 22 kilometer railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat, this initiative of the Central Government has been stalled until now without anything being done because of the political parties. They strongly support the Government's plan to extend the Railway to Shillong.
The worst performing states in the same category are Bihar, Jharkhand and Assam and the findings were released by Rajiv Kumar, Vice Chairman of the Niti Aayog.
The Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, in response to questions raised by the MLAs of the Opposition, said that there is no preparation for the warning, especially for the areas below the electricity supply. Dam.
“We will decide to formulate a mining policy if we come to power after the elections.
Het Pohthmi also left the Congress party to support the NPP candidate Stephanson Mukhim from Amlarem.
He said that the ADCs will convene a special session to pass the resolution in the next few days.
(4) Dedication:- Verses 6-10 tell us that Abraham dedicated his only son to God.
The NGT has banned coal mining for three years and this change of color of the river continues.
“Nearly Rs 300 crore worth of drugs have been seized in the last two years.
The news and the votes of the candidates will be followed up.
“This case relates to the reservation for OBCs, which started in 1991, when the Mandal Commission allocated 27% reservation for OBCs, and does not refer to the reservation for ST/SCs. has been according to population since the beginning.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the party explained to the youth that joining the party does not mean to become rich or to take advantage of any job.
God will fulfill what he has said he will fulfill this prophecy about wars and God does not lie about that.
Jafar, 62, who was released from prison last month after being arrested for speaking out against the government and its actions, strongly condemned the violence and denying citizens the right they deserve to speak and express their views.
The 25-year-old deceased named the leaders of student unions, those working with politicians, lawyers, journalists, businessmen and those in The list of 139 people who raped her, in which she lodged a complaint at the Panjagutta police station.
The Minister of State for Child Development will inaugurate the market in the presence of the Chief Minister's Symbud Sniawbhalang Dhar, the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh and other government officials.
He worked hard to dress up the appearance and character with his own skills.
KSU Narpuh Circle has expressed its strong opposition to the MSPCB's plan to convene a public hearing on the Meghalaya Cement Ltd., Thangskai. from 2600 TPD to 4500 TPD with 10 MW CPP and 9.5 MW WHRS. The public hearing will be held on 24/08/2023 at MCL, Thangskai.
Shillong: Four unidentified persons have robbed a petrol pump at Pyngrope Service Station in Urmasi on the night of 26th November 2023 by four unidentified persons. and those wearing military uniforms and looted more than Rs 3 lakh.
Furthermore, after the Indian government has destroyed, the Bangladesh authorities have also come to take over the farming and to the point of digging fish ponds and the BSF does not want to do so. something.
The Mawsynram MLA said that he has already surveyed the price of these products in Mawsynram area and it is evident that crores of farmers earn from these products, but now the price has dropped to too high. that the farmers are no longer profitable because the price of sale and the cost of cultivation do not match.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has announced that the results of the Arts Stream examination and the results of the SSLC examination will be announced on the 26th of this month. date of this month.
There will be 189 countries participating in the Chess Olympiad for the first time.
She said, “To give any gifts to people who have never experienced them, it really makes them happy and enriching the soul in their lives.
On 19.4.2023, the DCs and SPs of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills Districts met in Jowai to bring peace and stability but the talks did not come to fruition and the tension has intensified.
RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the new opposition party, the Voice of the People Party (VPP), will not win the Lok Sabha elections. Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
?" asked the lawyer. "We want to meet you for that matter.
These people don't know the bleilum bleiwah, the ryngkew blei basa of this raid and they don't know the owner of the sohmynken tree in Lumlalieh. Almost all the children, boys and girls, are caught and thrown into the cremation ground at the head of the Umtyrpeiñ River.
“To repeal this Act can be done through an Ordinance and after that it will be passed and passed in the House,” he said in reply to a question whether the government will convene a Dorbar. Please do not delete this law.
He did not come like that the first time because God's purpose was for Him to come to serve, to suffer and to be the most perfect sacrifice to be offered on the cross of Calvary.
The theme of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities 2023 this year is “United in Action to rescue and achieve the SDGs for, with and by persons with disabilities”.
But 4 years and a half, I don't see any development, compared to PT Sawkmie who is also in the opposition.
Many people were seriously injured in the police bomb and tear gas firing.
In Khyndailad, there will be a bike race by B-tech engineer HG Ley and a music festival by groups from the city and the state.
In these days, we have seen that there has been another conflict on the Meghalaya-Assam border and especially when the Assam government has admitted in the Legislative Assembly that Mukroh which falls under West Jaintia Hills is still part of the border. of West Caribbean district.
Bah Pilastar Nongsiej said that the purpose of leading the NCC children to trek in this area is so that the children can learn how to climb high mountains and also the journey is also as part of the physical activity to avoid diseases so that the body will be healthy and strong.
Before the programme, a two-day Sports Meet was held at the Sports Club, where sports including Race, Long Jump and so on were played. The elderly, men and women, youth and children took part.
And our goal is to promote sport in Goa higher and higher.
“ACHIK’s request is necessary because it highlights the importance of peace among ethnic groups.
The battery works for nine hours and has music and can be used for phone conversations.
“Loss of income is one of the most common challenges facing TB patients. Therefore, in addition to food for TB patients, vocational training can also be provided.
When the soul is too good, we play like that tree.
These facts were found by one of the experts who stole the Aadhaar number, Elliot Alderson.
The office of the Human Resource Department of JUD Cement has been completely destroyed and all activities have been suspended.
The SP of Ri Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanao, said the seizure came a day after police raided the operation of a sleeper cell of the HNLC and arrested one of them. suspect who confessed and led police for conducting a search inside the residence.
Of course, we should cut down the trees for the benefit of the people but we should also follow the rules as directed by the government to cut down 5 trees per bujli, in this way it will not be lost. kind of nature.
Shillong, November 15: 'Nongkhardot' is a village that has never been heard of here in Shillong, but according to the new constituency bill of the KHADC, it has become a village which we can understand from the name of the village. that it is a village where the Khar Dot live has been registered, and has been registered completely within the Mawkhar Constituency.
I think the Presidents of the various groups of our Archdiocese, the Catholic Association, SACYM, the Union of Women's Organizations and the Union of Elderly Organizations, will not be disappointed if I admit that I am the founder of this Buskit. He is our beloved High Priest, who stands before God.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Samla Donald V. Thabah on Tuesday stressed the need for unity among the people of the North East.
Now that you have brought him, you have to pay for the car.
Therefore, Jesus is God.
Members of the HNYF, Ri Bhoi, led by Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Ri Bhoi, visited the site and found that the Assam It has planned to build a large building on an area throughout Meghalaya, which still falls under the village of Khanapara, Ri Bhoi.
We shall also hear the news of the wars.
He said the government will receive a contribution from the special assistance for the reconstruction of the old Ïewduh in the state.
In Meghalaya, the BJP has about 20 members although it has not yet formed branches in all 60 constituencies.
If young people leave the world, the future will not be bright.
Another Khasi soldier was Corporal T. Hodyson Dykes (later known as Captain T. Hodyson Dyke).
Kiang Nangbah was a Jaintia and that is why he was known and called.
After they had eaten, they began to eat.
Besides various illegal drugs, foreign cigarettes and many other smuggled goods such as gold as well as ammunition and explosives, foreign animals and areca nuts have been smuggled from Myanmar to Myanmar. The eastern states, especially Mizoram and Manipur.
Let us build our country through our education and qualifications and so that we don't have to look for foreigners to work or earn in our country.
Police sources said that these two persons were abducted at 11 pm on Tuesday night from their quarter in the Kam rengchi forest. which is the planting site of the office and is only 6 KM away from the Aradonga Out Post.
The Minister launched the flag of the vehicles for the participants of the Bilgaro Republic Day Run 2024 to raise awareness among the public on the safety of driving organized by the Tura Motor Sports Club, Tura.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of the illegal house demolition case in Wah Umkhrah, Polo area to 6th March.
He also admitted that about 20 supporters have expressed their intention to join the Congress party.
“Until now we don't know how many people are stranded (in Sikkim) but the government has taken immediate action and hopefully in the next two or three days they will be able to leave,” he said.
However, this was not the case and the independent Khasi States at that time were forcibly incorporated into Assam and according to the First Schedule of the Constitution, “Assam shall include the areas before the implementation of the This Constitution shall apply to the States of Assam, Khasi States and Tribal Areas.
The central theme of the celebration, as directed by the Press Council of India, is “The duty of the news to serve the people”.
U Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) today appeared before the Lumdiengjri Police Station on three charges of The second is that the Secretariat is a den of thieves, the second is that he said to give sword and ryntieh to the people of Mukroh and the third is that he said to form a rebel group.
Midtjylland said it had to release the news due to rumors of Kristoffer Olsson's recent absence from the team.
He said that as he was a lover of music since childhood, he tried to follow many songs to sing and finally he understood that music is the God has given him a special gift and he has begun to use it properly.
“We don't know who to elect as the leader because everyone is good,” said one of the residents of Mawkhar Constituency.
In the incident, a BSF soldier, Head Constable, was seriously injured and was rushed to Sibbari PHC but doctors pronounced him dead.
The mother, a Palestinian, was killed in an Israeli bombing and was buried and gave birth to a daughter, who was less than a month old.
Thus, this appointment as a judge will honor him, even after he has been rejected by the people.
Dlasfulwel Kyniong was elected President, Snanding Paliar Vice-President, Jitbor Shianglong General Secretary, Plistar Kyniong Asst.Secretary, Kren Lyngdoh Publicity Secretary, Thwestar Kyniong Asst.Publicity Secretary and Organizing Secretary. Pratstar Lyngdoh, Asst Organizing Secretary Shanbor Wahlang, and more than 30 other leaders and office bearers of FKJGP Mawdoh area unit.
“To know the voice of the people, the KSU and HNYF have decided to hold this public meeting,” he said.
“We should not be in a hurry to call for talks without considering and seeking proper information and grounds, lest we be thrown back like the ANVC before,” he said.
After receiving information about the incident, a police team rushed to the scene to rescue the injured forest workers.
In Ri-War, the last one has no authority, and the household of the parents is not given to the last one – but to the first sister, because she is the one who has carried and left her brothers since they were born. small.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, RM Kurbah was also present as the chief guest.
Shillong, July 29: The KSU Mawlai Circle has requested all the contractors of Meghalaya to attend the meeting, according to a statement issued by BL Nongbri General Secretary AMC&SA. Twenty-six foreigners were arrested while they were working on the construction of a Presbyterian Church and a Catholic School.
On this occasion, the people who attended the meeting demanded that the law enforcement authorities should punish them severely, because if the robber is released, the people from the elderly, women and children will be in trouble. and great fear.
Everyone has their own talents and not only in the public service but also in their own homes they need leaders.
Let us be like those people who dig a hole to bury themselves!
The committee will also direct the government department to take all necessary measures to ensure that women should not be discriminated against but should be provided with support to empower them in the society and receive you're court.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 61 cases and all of them are from Star Cement in Lumshnong.
Shillong Lajong FC will prepare for their second home match against Sreenidi Deccan FC from Hyderabad on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Shillong at 2 pm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya, said that the government encourages the people to protect the environment and at the same time The Government encourages and rewards those who have responsibility for the use of natural resources which is also part of the protection or preservation of the environment.
Besides her work in the field of health, Ms. Victorealness Syiemlieh has also been the President of the SKSR, Secretary of the Village Water Sanitation Committee (VWSC). and members of the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) and others.
These are the prophecies of the Word of God which have been fulfilled and remain in memory, because God loved the Jews so much that He could not change His mind but He had already given them the land of promise. Israel has been in power since 1948 A.D. What else the Jews should do now is to prepare themselves to defend themselves to fight small and large battles because God has given them the power and time. and now it is the turn of the Jews again for the world to see and know who the Jews are? God has now begun to fulfill His word to Jeremiah – “Thou art my sword and my weapons of war, with thee will I smite the nations and the kingdoms of the earth” Jeremiah :20.
“Work speaks louder than words and I would like to thank the land owners who have donated freely without payment from the government for the benefit of the residents, together with the PWD roads, engineers, village officials who “We have worked hard for many years and have faced many difficulties to resolve and understand each other until we get these roads,” said Bah Sanbor.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh as President and Losbingnel Lyngkhoi as Assistant General Secretary said that after meeting with the Post Master, the HYC has informed that four foreigners have been arrested. NOCs were received from Ladweitang, one from Jaidoh and one from Shyrkon.
“In this regard, the Advisory Council of FKS will meet with officials of the Government of India.
In an interview with MAASA Event Director John Sawian, Kynjatshai said that the winners of the tournament will be selected for the Asian League Qualifiers. which will be held in Thailand next year.
The DC urged all the people to visit the places where the project has been organized and participate to make it a success.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has passed a resolution against the Government of India's plan to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in India.
They were sent by the Central Government and arrived in the city on Tuesday.
When contesting for the post of Rangbah Shnong, four Rangbah Shnongs have been nominated by the people and out of these four, Bah Dwijen Ronghang has received the most approval from the people who have given their support. Purma Lapang with 78 votes, Lumlang Mawnai with 48 votes and Dilip Khrakrang with 21 votes.
This village is one of the Nongtrai villages.
This is the victory of the farmers (Jai Jawan Jai Kisan).
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) on Tuesday said that the people of Ri Bhoi District should be vigilant against those who have applied for the T.1.50 lakh scheme per household. if they can provide documentation.
There have been 2,81,386 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours and 4,106 deaths.
The training for these children is held once a month on Wednesdays at the Seng Khynnah headquarters, where the committee of the Seng Khynnah has teachers who distribute to the children. from an early age, to strengthen in them the idea that they will be ready to stand and stand in their own bodies on that foundation of education to 'earn righteousness'
He said that many people have applied for ticket from the party but the party's basis is to elect a person whom the people can accept.
The stinginess of the Khlieh – Losing his own responsibility in this regard, will cause many problems for the authorities and India as a whole.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb has tested positive for the coronavirus.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also urged all the residents not to create ethnic discrimination in this incident as this has nothing to do with the assault by the Assam police.
On the Meghalaya side, officers including Police Chief, MLA Renikton Lyngdoh, BG Momin MLA, Methodius Dkhar MLA, Bajop Pyngrope MDC Rambrai and others were also present.
The Seiñraij Mukhla has completed the Knia Ryngkaw ritual which is the highest of all the gods in the Raij Mukhla on Sunday.
Shillong, June 20 : Sacred Heart FT Academy beat Umphyrnai SC 0-7 in the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement Nongstoin Circle (UHM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the collapse of the Police Station in Nongstoin. especially during the rainy season.
(2) Garbage producers shall not break, burn or cover the garbage they produce whether on streets, public places, houses or in streams or rivers.
