Instead of fighting for 10 and 15 years for a class, it is better to sit for many years in the lower classes.
The village secretary is the husband of Marylinda, who is the ration distributor in the village.
The Principal said that there are garbage dumps, which they have sent to improve and these too, the school, has already done and then they also suggested to hand over the cleaning of the garbage dump. They also inspected the residences of the teachers and staff to ensure that they do not dump garbage at the Mawphlang Water Supply Station.
When we examine carefully what the Word of God says, we see that this time or age is exactly that.
Shillong, Lber 27: Sahana P Marak, resident of Mawlai, Shillong, has lodged an FIR with Mawlai Police Station. Police have registered a case under Section 366(A) IPC against Sangitha, daughter of Umila M Sangma of Gusigaon, Assam.
Therefore, there should be elders who will show and teach them how those who have seen the sun and the moon for the first time often reach the goal of a good and successful life.
He said that this action of the government is not appropriate because just to visit a foreigner for one day, it will improve the road while not thinking of the people of the area who come and go every minute to experience this. you are sniew on the road.
He said that the RBYF will continue to do this not only to encourage these students who have passed well in the examination, but through such encouragement it will also be an encouragement from the students. The RBYF has a goal to produce many brave and great men who will serve the people of Ri Bhoi and also to promote the good. The welfare and development of Ri Bhoi District after they have become employed and reached higher levels.
The management of the cemetery said that so far, there are 50 people who are still waiting and have not yet received a place to be buried, although it is the custom for Muslims to be buried immediately. died within 24 hours.
The tourists parked their car along the road near the Umiam Bridge and cooked the food and ate there.
+917627983161 – WORD President+917005923597 – WORD General Secy.
During the inspection, the union found that all the shops owned by non-Khasis do not have licenses and the union said that it found only a few shops which have licenses and that is only Khasi shops. .
Uike met a young woman from Hoshangabad while studying in Bhopal and fell in love with her. They have already selected a young woman from Koyalari village and there was a difference of opinion and it reached the Panchayat authorities, that they had to arrange the matter with the three households.
However, it is alleged that these lines of gut refused to appear and shot dead the members of the VDP.
He said that Bah Paul Lyngdoh can also look after the education department or the urban development department if he is not stopped by Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who used to look after this department during the MDA-I Government. AL Hek may be re-in charge of the health department, while Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar may be in charge of the transport and industries departments, while the urban development department may be handed over to Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was in charge of this department during the previous Government, besides the Labor and Municipal departments.
The final round of the competition will be held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
The robbers, who turned directly to him, fought and stabbed him in the head and escaped from the prison.
In West Jaintia Hills, 26 high risk contacts, in West Garo Hills, 10 high risk contacts, one from Ri Bhoi and one from SARI. houses.
The tracking system for the GB Ultras Manchester to Liverpool 80km race on the 7th of this month shows that the athlete who led Scotland in the marathon in At the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, she used a car for the 4km race.
“The order of the First Appellate Authority is wrong or may have been typed or written incorrectly to mislead because I was with the mother of SI PJ Marbaniang on the day of the hearing and there was no discussion. The Inquest and especially the RTI requested is for the Inquiry Report by J Rymmai,” she said.
and immediately there was an earthquake, and there was a great earthquake.
In this regard, I would like to pay tribute to the founders of the newspapers, who despite the difficulties they face, continue to publish one after another, to try as much as possible to preserve their own language through writings. such as news, articles, world news translated into the mother tongue and so on.
“If there is no Bah Sanbor in Laban, there will be no Khasi MLA and I will be with you. Don't hesitate to call me if you have any problems. “It's not like we're going to be able to take it to Modi's bed,” he said.
The links to the form are as follows:OR.
“The Elaka does not want and does not accept to be included in the Sohra Civil Sub-Division or District or as they have named it South East Khasi Hills District,” said the Sirdar of Umniuh-Tmar.
A 131-year-old school building in Shillong has been destroyed by fire on Sunday.
The Central Government has implemented a new sugar distribution system since
Sanfida Nongrum scored in the 36th minute and Jammu and Kashmir scored in the 38th minute.
Although they informed the police twice between 3-4 pm, there was no assistance from the police.
Besides, the venue was filled with photographers and journalists.
If the people don't count or accept sting, the tyrud and smer will not be released.
To be selfish may undermine the wisdom and understanding of choosing to acquire the precious.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken last month urged India to cooperate with Canada in the investigation to find out whether Indians were involved. They were also involved in the killing of the terrorist inside Canada.
Shillong: The Meghalaya United Christian Forum (MUCF) is an association of pastors and elders of various Christian churches from the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities.
“When the people have already given their vote and elected you to lead the Legislative Assembly, you should have brought the issues for discussion in the Legislative Assembly. “We have a lot of work to do and to resolve the issues that will affect tomorrow,” said Bah Tynsong.
Along with the award, Mawkyrnot also received a cash prize of T.1 lakh tyngka along with certificates.
Renikton said there will soon be a meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states and he hopes that this will be held this month.
The DC explained as much as possible to the leaders who came to meet him and said that the Cements Factories are encouraged by the government to set up factories in Narpuh area to develop the state along with employment. ijojam that person.
Promising, the winner, received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy while Hynniewtrep Combine, the runner-up, received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
He said that as one of the newest organizations, the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has done many things in a short period of time for the benefit not only to the organization but to the people of the state as a whole. .
In connection with this Dorbar Paidbah, the group invites all the residents of various Dorbar Shnongs in Jowai and also the surrounding villages around Wah Myntdu to attend. come to this meeting.
Besides Brad Pitt, Jr NTR also spoke about his desire to take part in Marvel films and hopes that the time will come in his life when he will be able to achieve all these dreams and desires. his.
After stopping the vehicle, police conducted a search and seized a box containing about 20 soap containers.
Synroplang FC won 1-0 against Iasnohktilang Madanrting FC 1-0
The Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) has seized more than 14,164 kilos of banned plastic bags and issued 1,596 challans during the 100 days campaign against plastic bags. The Civic Body has released 100,000 plastic bags on Saturday to mark International Earth Day.
Out of the 19 cases, only four cases were Sales Tax/VAT and 113 out of 233 cases were GST cases. that it is a mistake shows the proper functioning of the department.
Besides, she has already seated them in the cabin of the vehicle, they have been seated only with a lyngknot as one of the NPP leaders has already warned them.
Shillong: A petrol bomb blast has continued in Shillong, and a petrol bomb has been detonated by unidentified persons at a CrPF station near Mawlai Bridge this morning.
He was sworn in as the new president on Friday at a meeting held at Bosco Pnar in Salini Colony, Jowai.
Some of the victims said that when they received the money they sent them away and behind them another vehicle followed them and they got on.
Regarding the demand of the complainants, the Director General of Police, has been directed to provide protection to the injured and to pay the expenses of the treatment of the injured by the State Government. two, who are civil society workers, who are investigating illegal mining.
The JNC on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the CEM of JHADC alleging that he has issued a Land Holding Certificate (LHC) for more than 21 lakh square meters of land in Sutnga District. without any survey.
In the final, India found themselves in trouble after taking a 3-1 lead at the end of the first half, but goals from captain Harmanpreet Singh, Gurjant Singh and Akashdeep Singh gave India has been convinced to win the title.
At the Mawlai-Mawiong market, many stalls have been built, some large and some small.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) is now ready to kick off the third round of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) which will start on 5th June
Teach them that we need a hopeful society, one that gives hope to one another.
It is never good to compare or associate yourself with Peter who has the key to the throne of heaven.
“If there is a health centre, not only in Pynursla but also in the city, the traffic jam in the city will be reduced because now you only need to have an X-ray or a small test and you have to come to Shillong. " he said.
Besides these teams, other teams that have qualified for the quarterfinals are Azriel SC (EKHD), Khliehmawlieh YC (WKHD), Iamonlang FC (WKHD), Lamare SC (EKHD), Pay For Right FA (EKHD) and Nongbri Brothers FC (SWKHD).
The Governor is also examining the bills of the JHADC, which have been sent to him recently.
“I understand the government's search for land to get a garbage dump, and I don't see the resolution yet,” said Andrew, recalling the agreement between JHADC and JMB for 20 years ending in I'm not sure what to do.
“We have also set some rules that the employment of villagers in the unskilled category, once subsidy is given, should reach 90% of the villagers,” said Conrad.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MPUF President Jackson Sohtun said that the incident was discovered in the morning after some of the people went downstairs to go outside. It was found that the kitchen of this shop is unclean and there has been no attention to the cleanliness of the food and drink.
He said that if the report submitted to Assam in 2011 is implemented, the state will lose especially the villages in Block I and Block II. There are only 13 Khasi villages in Meghalaya which have gone to Assam while recently the Chiefs of Block I said that there are 36 Khasi villages and in Block II there are about 22 villages who want to come to Meghalaya “If we go according to this rule and report these villages will lose,” he said.
Besides Meghalaya, other states include Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh to take part in the Under-21, Under-19 and Under-16 tournaments.
Shillong, Lber : A strong wind has struck parts of Nongkya village in Mawsiatkhnam district and has also damaged a house in this village.
“I am sorry that at his age, he was attacked and arrested by the Assam police and no politician from Meghalaya has felt sorry for this,” he said.
Let the court hear the complainants and give its decision.
From the top of this hill you can see that there is a forest on the side of this hill and from the top of this hill you can see many famous Khasi hills in the West and South. West Khasi Hills and Lum Nokrek in the Garo Hills and when the sky is clear you can also see the plains of Bangladesh.
"The spraying of drugs on the highways, as done in some countries, does not kill the coronavirus," the WHO said in a statement.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Mebadonnam Saiborne encouraged the youth and all those who took part in this tournament that this is another way to gather together the people to celebrate. and through the organization of such games.
“This is illegal and it is clear that the MDA government of Conrad Sangma, who is also the Minister of Mining and Geology.
MSSASA has submitted the petition to the State Project Director of SEMAM-SSA, Ambrose Ch.
Leaders of TIPRA Motha led by Pradyot Debbarma also held a sit-in at the Raj Bhawan in Agartala as a sign of protest against the TIPRA Motha. The Governor's Executive Committee has ignored some of the issues that the party has to demand.
And that is why many families suffer because they do not live a righteous life.
“After research and consultation with school principals, various groups, we have decided that most of the The MBoSE textbooks especially in English, Mathematics and Science are not up to the national standards.
Speaking on the occasion, Chairman of CoMSO, Robertjune Kharjahrin urged all the 60 MLAs that as they have already passed the resolution in the Legislative Assembly, they should also follow up to get ILP in the state.
An official announcement was made Tuesday.
It is also reported that in some areas where crops have been damaged by the heavy rainfall and flooding.
That is why we have elected Kong Ampareen because she will win the election again,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
To see this sign or pait has been frightening and has endangered the vehicles passing through this area, but what is surprising is that the department in charge of this road has not done anything. Nothing has been done yet but the plastic bags have been filled with shyiap in plastic bags.
Perhaps it was the VPP's responsibility to proclaim that it is not only firm on its foundation, but has been written by the gods to reach so far.
Haka Mr 1 Nartiang Constituency: 1st Prize: 50,000/-, 2nd Prize: 30, 000/-, 3rd Prize: 20,000/-.
Samla Iabhalang Nongrum said that as students, we should not set our goals only to pass, but to achieve higher ranks, because even schools and colleges accept students who come first. chess in their results.
On the other hand, the management of Star Cement said that they have donated to those who have been stranded on the road in Lum Shnong. Star Cement road is also closed to small vehicles.
Nihim said there are now about four candidates contesting against him but the people know who to vote for.
Therefore, I would like to discuss with you, my brothers and sisters, the brothers and sisters of the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, to turn to the three issues to become one, because as we see now, the small nation ours is in danger of falling and falling.
It can also be said that 90% of these fast food restaurants are found not to be healthy but to earn money and meet the demand of the people.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District on Monday imposed Micro Containment on the village of Barato A, which falls under Laskein Block after it was found that there is a case of COVID-19 in this village.
Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma was the chief guest while Sutnga MLA Santa Mary Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of NPP Womens Wing leaders.
She also demanded that the ability of the people to withdraw money should be increased, 18 tyngka per cent per annum should be paid to all those who have money in banks. tax on digital transactions.
Speeches were also delivered by the NPP candidate for Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah HS Diengdoh, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the National People's Party (NPYF) and Bah Kitborlang Nongrem. Bajop Pyngrope, Spokesperson of the National People's Youth Front (NPYF) and MDC of Rymbrai Jyrngam along with other supporters of the party.
Speakers included Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal, IAS, who explained about the project, Addl. Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah G. Warjri, MCS, District School Education Officer, P.Dkhar, Principal Don Bosco College, Byndihati, Fr.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Idashisha Nongrang, expressed her gratitude to the Kur for taking this step to honor her, although Kong Idashisha Nongrang does not want such a thing. you are being honored.
They demanded that there should be adequate security measures at these parking lots and these include parking lots, CCTV cameras and that the seized trucks should be placed in the right place and not They demanded that these parking lots should be started immediately and that the State Government should not allow them to be constructed immediately. man faithful to manage himself.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Village Administration Bill (VAB) is the right of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India and the Khasi District Council, said Bah PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council. Rupang is now here.
“If you are an MLA or a minister, you should not be punished according to the law.
Primrose Lamat scored the goals for Mukhla FC in the 20th minute and Remark Kharmalki in the 59th minute.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that in the last meeting, the leaders of both the sides have already discussed and discussed.
But now we have decided that the deceived people will regain what they have lost through the trap of the deceiver.
The Supply Department of East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills has informed that these rice will be distributed to all Fair Price Shop Dealers from January to December
On the same issue, he said that the party has tried to find a way and ask for assistance from various political parties but till now no one has come forward to help them.
When asked about highly skilled labour, the MLA said that the government has not yet released the inter States, so it cannot accept people or workers. and if there are foreigners who bring the necessary equipment, to obtain a Certificate from the entry point, along with the SOP which they must present at the time of requirement; “If there are technical jobs, the residents of the state will be allowed first,” said Samla Eleazer Diengdoh, Assistant General Secretary, KSU South Central East Circle, Pynursla.
The teachers have staged a three-day strike from the 11th to the 13th.
The 16 outstanding cases include seven in Garo Hills, one in Mahandrganj, one in Purakhasia and five in Gasuapara, Batabari, Baghmara, Mahadev and Maheskhola.
It is a strong warning to the state government not to allow the situation to reach such a point of loss of confidence in the court.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of President Samla Yoodahunki Shylla and Sport Secretary Samla Bonanza Shylla, strongly condemns the leaders of the area for their negligence. There is a lot of trouble for the poor and needy people who are struggling to survive.
Youngsters are required to take part in a 20-day training course, which will provide further training.
:The song “Ia kokordor” is a Khasi song composed by Boney Lyngdoh and sung by Ram Suchiang and Torina Shadap.
The players fought hard until the end of the match and Malki also fought hard to score but until the end both sides failed to score and Langsning FC won 3-0
Jesus said – “Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father (God) in my name, he will give it you.
In a 40-second video, Baghdadi made it clear that he and his fighters would blame the West for their victory in Syria and said the invasion of Sri Lanka was part of the this thma.
Nongpoh: U Bah BJ Kharshandi, the first Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) of Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, on the occasion of the inauguration ceremony. Leaders of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division Demanding Committee (PSDDC) came to welcome him with a special honour.
Ma Andrew Shullai said that in the last meeting of the council, with the aim of reducing the expenditure of the council, he had introduced a resolution to reduce the number of employees of the council by appointing new staff. However, the EC of Thombor has refused to accept this decision to reduce the expenditure of the council.
Barland Syngkon, Genesis Bareh, Synod Nongtdu, Embhahlang Wet, Thrangki Laloo and Biky Ryngkhlem scored 10 goals each.
He said that in the past years, foreigners who came to buy agricultural products from the villages have kidnapped many of our women, and this has made it impossible for the party to watch. that foreigners have come to destroy the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Senior Football Team have once again won the 77th National Football Championship 2023-24 against the Meghalaya Senior Football Team. Meghalaya lost 2-1 to Assam with only 40 players at the Itanagar Football Ground in Itanagar today.
Therefore, the party has to take responsibility to look after this issue.
Therefore, as one of the Pastors of the Ri Bhoi Synod, he urged the faithful of the Presbyterian Church Ri Bhoi Synod, to turn to God where in the course of life they will face many challenges. trials and difficulties, but they should not lose hope and turn to God to get that glory of God and only the glory of God can give that glory forever in life, he added. .
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that at present, only small and empty vehicles are allowed to pass through the existing bridge.
Perhaps there are unfair price increases, which the merchants and traders use to force the poor, but no one seeks or asks for such prices, and most of them have been lost. such things are done.
Meghalaya has seven points so far this season after winning two matches and losing one. Meghalaya is in second place in Group-B in the Player category. Meghalaya's Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goal of the match.
These medicines have also been distributed to Aganwadi Centers and Hospitals.
If they allow, there is no doubt that this road will be completed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: Medulance, a leading emergency services company, has been appointed to operate the EMRI-108 in Meghalaya.
The drafting of the rules will come after we amend the law and hopefully it will come into force soon,” he said.
The areas where the dam has been proposed to be closed are Ratacherra, Saitsama, Umransu and Dawki, Byrnihat, Umsiang Maiong, Mawhati Constituency, Sabuda Point, Ïewmaw Roh, Rani. The godowns are located in Athiabari, Hatim and Langpih in Ri-Bhoi District, Dainadubi and Bajengdoba in North Garo Hills, Phulbari, Tikrikilla and Dalu in North Garo Hills and Garobadha in South Garo Hills.
Rupang went to talk to the Marwari, who was identified as Sham Shundar Agarwal, 67 years old.
There are those who live by mining stone, shyiap and many others.
He urged the residents of Pdeiñïadaw to forget the past five years and to work together from now on to develop the village according to the wishes of the residents.
Other leaders said that it is not uncommon for the people to wear the flag of one political party in government programmes.
However, these Jaitbynriew have turned into the same Jaitbynriew in the past years.
He said that the dispensary provides services to about 50-60 people per day, and there is no intention to hire more staff as those involved are sufficient.
On this day, all the government ministers will take part in meetings in different states and MPs will visit their respective constituencies.
“Time will heal all these things,” said Kong Wansuk when contacted by Rupang.
Today, the people waited near the Raj Bhavan to see what would happen and the overcrowding caused trouble to the security police.
The NGOCC together with four civil society groups, Central Young Mizo Association, Mizo Zirlai Pal, Student Organizations and Civil Society Groups.
Another incident occurred at Teok Ghat of Sonari police station in Charaideo district.
The Cycle Rally will start from Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh Main Road, New Hill, DC Office. V-Mart, New Hill, Iawmusiang and will end at the Point DC Office.
“Ale ale Niakha...” I asked from face to face. “How are you...?” She asked.
The contract will cover more than 7 lakh households in Meghalaya, where they will receive health insurance for their hospitalization. hospitals, to take medicine, to do diagnostic tests, and to take medicine again later.
He said that strict rules have been laid down to follow these people who have just arrived from abroad, where they are not allowed to interact with other people from Guwahati until they reach the places. to be quarantined.
In another order, the Chief Judicial Magistrate's Court sentenced Shan Pyrbot to six months imprisonment.
The normal blood count is known to be 150,000 – 400,000 platelets per 1 microliter of blood.
In another match, Andrey Rublev and Alexander Zverev won by seven points, but Alejandro Davidovich Fokina lost in the first match.
It is learned that at that time Bichang refused to leave saying that he did not have money but their friends promised to find a way for him so that he could leave with them.
It was necessary to obtain specialized training that would fit into the appropriate destination schools.
After this, the Congress came to power in Assam and Meghalaya.
On the same day, the HYC through Bah RC Thangkhiew Vice President Ri-Bhoi District said that the HYC is with the people, because in the past years there have been tragic incidents of violence. If the people oppose, the union will meet with the EM of the District Council, MLA and also to send a letter to the DC of Ri-Bhoi to ensure that the company should not be allowed to enter the company. The crowd didn't like it.
During the inspection, the union found that the river has been filled with soil which has been covered with soil especially in those wells that flow into the river.
Shillong, July 28: U Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chairman Lamphrang Blah and Deputy Chairman Charles Marngar today met with the Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Former Chief Minister Dr DD Lapang to congratulate him for his service to the state and to develop the District Councils in the state.
However, I rectify my statement and the word waste of time will be removed from the conversation of the house".
Referring to the fact that in 1972 when the Congress won only a few seats, Prestone said, “Now history has turned back.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Parliamentary Affairs Department, said that how can he dare to make such accusations when he should have just put the you asked.
“The reason is that since he took over as BDO of Ranikor after completing his MCS, Bah Probin has been an MLA and Minister of State, in which he has done many development works. to the area".
Shylla alleged that Pynshngaiñ N Syiem while in office as CEM has misused his powers in many areas. I have learned that this morning he went to the gate of the contractor to ask for T.52 lakh tyngka which he urgently needs. When the person comes to the gate, he has to withdraw the money,” said Bah Shylla.
Bah War gave examples such as jain, suhjain, mula, khoh, star, shang, suh juti, sniang, syiar, cow milk, sying, synsar, opening shops. , marbam shops, electric shops, book shops, book shops and so on.
There are also families with 12 children who earn only 15 kilos a month.
Is it true that the pharmaceutical companies pay money to the ministers in charge of agriculture? Under the MDA government, there is no minister who can do anything for his own benefit. the public.
In collaboration with the Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) which is running the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MCSWA) project, the project is known as targeted intervention. MCSWA member H Syngkon also spoke on his experience and how he has been able to achieve HIV. to escape the chain of the drug.
In this regard, the Aam Admi Party Meghalaya today met with the Director of Distribution of MeECL, Bah T Passah to seek clarification on the irregularities in the distribution of electricity bills in Puriang.
He said that as a woman to provide for herself and her child with disabilities, she faces many difficulties besides living in a private house and for this reason she took the initiative to help build a house for her.
They will have the opportunity to interact with her at the event".
Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie said this while speaking to reporters at the BJP headquarters to congratulate the BJP on the occasion of the 1st Anniversary of the BJP-led Government. Ernest Mawrie said that after the BJP took over the country, insurgency has decreased by 70 percent and the loss of life has decreased to 79 percent. The number of police and army personnel has risen to 17 percent.
Bah Lambor said at this meeting that the success of this scheme came after the monitoring of the implementation of the scheme.
He also spoke about the decline in agriculture and the backwardness in various production methods.
The JAC said that this incident has caused many to lose confidence in the police department.
Therefore, the union demands that MeECL should immediately provide electricity and if they cannot provide electricity in the future, it means that the union will take other stronger measures, he said. Nongpoh: As part of the efforts to strengthen the party and especially to strengthen the party from Nongpoh in the 2023 election, the National People's Party (NPP) Nongpoh Constituency on Tuesday, inaugurated the new office in Umbuda.
Furthermore, we see that the government's introduction of this vacancy law is to curb the vacancies that have already existed. “Whether the government will introduce a law to recognize that they are no longer illegal and like other illegal activities that have been committed,” he said. “If it knows that they exist, why doesn't it ban and punish them according to the provisions of the Meghalaya Prevention of Gambling Act,
Speaking on their preparations for this election, all the candidates said that the struggle is to reach the goal of victory so that the goals can be achieved and to reach there. It requires hard work because all the candidates who have come out today are strong enough to fight.
Applicants must be unmarried and born between 26th November 2022 and 26th July 2006.
He said that with the proposal to increase the number of MDCs in the District Councils, the presence of tribe/sub-tribe leaders has caused a lot of concern about the lack of participation and appointment as MDCs. MDCs are elected to the district council.
He also announced that the Cabinet has approved 12 colleges such as People's College, Thomas Jones Synod College, Abong Noga College, Khraw Singh Christian College, Ri. War College, East Khasi Hills, Loyola College, East Garo Hills, Balawan College, Ri Bhoi District, Mawsynram Border Area College, Selsella College, Seng Khasi College, Shillong, Mendipathar College, North Garo Hills, Sngap Syiem Memorial College, West Khasi Hills and Tikrilkilla College West Garo Hills.
After 2 or 3 months, the High Court ordered that 20 tons should be imported.
Habanjop Richmond Marbaniang, a 15-year-old student of Ramakrishna Mission School, Sohra, expressed his talent after taking part in the second phase of the competition. 2 of Talent Identification Program of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) which was supported by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
“I have lodged a complaint both times and requested the CJM in Jowai at that time to hand over the investigation to the CBI or to any independent body to conduct the investigation,” she said.
Tynsong said this decision was taken today when the government has already paid the railway fares for the youth who will return to the state.
The West Khasi Hills is a rich area in terms of forests and tourist attractions.
He said that regarding the salary for three months, the government will release the money once the central government has released the 2nd installment in the coming months.
Referring to the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly expressed his surprise at the delay of the State Government in introducing it. ing Dorbar on the Report of the Committee appointed for this purpose to authorize the State Government to send the matter to the Central Government in Delhi.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has not banned public gatherings during the election campaign or during the election campaign. As soon as I had a little joy, I began to disappear.
The Minister said that there are also some MLAs of the MDA who have already announced that they will not be able to attend the polling day because they will not be in the city.
After receiving the complaint, the police immediately arrested Bah Arful at about 2 pm from his residence in Mawkadiang while he was inside the vehicle. his.
The JSU also alleged that the shopkeepers also refuse to wear masks when selling when there are customers in their shops in violation of the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which is one of the ways to prevent the spread of the disease. the COVID-19 pandemic.
He urged the people and the youth to be brave like Tirot Singh to speak the truth and fight for the rights of the people.
In the past 24 hours, 97,570 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases to 46 lakh, while the death toll has risen to 1,201 and the death toll has risen to 77,0 .
The SRJ also congratulates the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District and the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District for their hard work in organizing the successful celebration of Behdieñkhlam.
The committee, which has up to 11 members, will be headed by the Chief Secretary or the Additional Chief Secretary or the Principal Secretary of the Department of Education, Government of Meghalaya.
Jemino said the party will soon send its recommendations to Ampareen Lyngdoh in charge of the Committee on the need to develop a formula to accept and include all ethnic groups. within the State on the amendment of the State Reservation Policy and Roster System.
Without this, it will be more difficult to find those children who will become the treasures of society because “Akor ka Burom starts from the home and continues in school”.
Speaking on the occasion, the head of the state forest department said that the closure of these factories is like a game between the miaw and the khnai because as soon as they are closed, after a while they come out again.
"Do you have a mother?" he asked Nia.
In my experience as one of the longest teachers (36 years) in the field of teaching, one of the reasons we have problems is that parents want to send their children to higher classes even if They went to ask the teachers to raise the classes.
What does the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency who is also a Minister in the government do in this regard? While the paid u phlang is increasingly struggling in this area, the MLA is working hard to fill the shortcomings in this hospital.
From the writings it can be said that before 1887 Rev Mon Lyngdoh lived on Lum Mawrie in Laitumkhrah and according to Bah DL Warjri, “Babu Mon Lyngdoh was the son of Riang Bareh and married to Shamai Mawrie.
He has been supported by former HSPDP MDC LG Nongsiej and others from the NPP, Congress. Macmillan Byrsat is not an MLA.
Gogoi said the Congress party will come back to form a government in the state in the upcoming elections.
Regarding these allegations, the DC said that in fact there was no arrangement during the counting of votes until the announcement of the winner but suddenly the people came out to turn to the polling station. DC's office and trouble started.
The same arrangement will be made in the coming months and will be announced before the time of distribution of ration.
Although the mother house has been destroyed, the inheritances remain to establish and continue the rights they have inherited.
The members of the committee will be announced later, according to the news release.
The new cases include EGH: 11, EJH: 03, EKH: 105, NGH: 15, RBD: 55, SGH: 09, SWGH: 10, SWKH: 40, WGH: 99, WJH : 25 and WKH: 16.
“Who is Niakha?” Rida said surprised. “Yes, my son, I'm so tired to get up early in the morning, I feel like it's too late...” Niakha turned around because they hadn't eaten yet. Then Rida prepared a sha for her Niakha and her mother to drink.
Jowai, 18 Naiwieng: How encouraging it is that the coal owners have started turning their attention to agriculture, which is expected to increase the income of the state once again. encouragement and support of the Department of Horticulture, Government of Meghalaya.
Because there has been a mistake in society because without thinking about the differences between the kur and jait among their fellow citizens and also those who are not of their own race, including the shongsang. It happened from time to time, so it was decided to spread to our neighbors who were not of the same thymmei.
Speaking to reporters, Bah BB Makdoh, Chairman of the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs, said that as a leader, he is deeply saddened by the complaints of the Rangbah Shnongs from many villages. The lack of shyiap and stone due to the government's ban on quarrying stone and shyiap which the people and village leaders have to transport from distant places which affects the cost of living of the people.
Jowai, Naitung 15: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
A curfew has been imposed across the country tonight to curb the escalating violence in the past few days.
Ebormi Sutnga of HUCC scored 65 runs from 25 balls and Daowan Passah of Moodymmai scored 98 runs from 55 balls for two wickets in four overs.
PFR Football Academy, one of the strongest teams this season, beat Lawei Smit SC 4-1 on 3rd November and today (6th November) they have qualified safely. to the semi-finals with 12 points.
Speaking on the occasion, VR Ryngkhlem DTO, Bah DSR Lakiang, Dr.N Kharnaior said that the main purpose of the program is to provide training and detailed explanations on the methods of driving. The purpose of the campaign is to raise awareness among the public on the need to be careful while driving to prevent any accidents on the highway.
So what about those who use this heroin?  They become dealers, buy more than they used to, grind, sell to others.
¢Do not build within 500 meters of oil fields or any source of waste near installations or transmission lines of 2, 20,000 volts or more.
During the meeting, the DSO also gave a briefing to the students who participated in various sports.
Tynsong said the vaccines for people over 45 years of age are still in stock and have been distributed for those who have already received the first dose. .
“The VPP will never allow such things to happen to our youth,” said the VPP leader. thousand even if the event is at night.
In another incident, a truck number ML07-B-9154 has collided with a truck number ML07-B-9154 on Tuesday morning. to go straight to the riat bah in parts of Umling village.
While they were still young, they sat down to talk and after a while they arranged to play mawpoin with the women.
In the midst of the shock, the women went to comfort the family of Bahhep Lyngdoh while the men went to search for him around the forests and around the villages in War Jaintia until the 5th. this month he was found.
The central government has not been able to help so I have sought assistance from foreign funding agencies like the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and JICA. The state through the Human Capital Development Fund is not funded by the Asian Development Bank.
The State has also produced nine players in the A Category and 65 players in the B Category.
The Hill Farmers Union said that they will talk to the government to provide the seeds.
Eastern countries and countries surrounding Israel in the Middle East.
He said that during his tenure as MDC, he has done many good deeds for the development of the District Council as a whole, he has been a pioneer of the good deeds of the Council and an advisor in many areas.
At the same time, the Bench directed the PWD (Roads) Department to ensure that all the roads should be repaired and said, “It is hoped that the PWD (Roads) will sit down and ensure that all the roads should be repaired properly. ensure that the movement of vehicles is not interrupted during the rainy season.
“Suddenly I heard that there was an explosion and I saw the household items and tins of household items flying from the area,” said a woman who lives nearby.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has admitted that the UDP and HSPDP will win the most MLAs in the upcoming elections. other political parties.
"The whole purpose is to prevent illegal trafficking," Katakey said.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed solar lanterns to the students of Class IX and X which were distributed by the Meghalaya New and Renewable Energy Development Agency (MNREDA).
Chris Evans, who played Captain America, has spoken about the film industry by saying that if he decides to leave the film industry, he will turn back to directing.
“Even today, Christians around the world are facing challenges in their lives,” he said.
If you are lucky, this disease will not happen in your country.
There are many reasons for the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
According to sources, the incident occurred at night when the trucks were parked on the road with their loads.
“The VC has refused to withdraw the notification but has agreed to take it to the Academic Council meeting for resolution,” he said. How can they expect their protest to be rejected?
The ITM will be inaugurated by the Union Minister of Tourism, GK Reddy with the participation of all the states of the Northeast.
Their butts were also counted with the others on the 2nd of Liber.
“Once we received the information from the Assembly, we sent the information to Delhi.
Syrian rebels say the death toll could rise, with more bodies reportedly found in parts of Zamalka in and it was found that there were men, who were dead all over the house.
Bah AL Hek was the first to express publicly Bah Sanbor's support for Bah Metbah.
Earlier, Bah Ardent, while bringing a cut motion on the work of the police department, said that the people of Mawlai and the relatives of Bah Cherish are still waiting for a fair trial. Police shoot dead man who is sleeping at home.
Regardless of whether you have used any of these methods, the Reservation Policy and Roster System cannot be used retrospectively.
It cannot be said that there are indeed some people who, because of their skills and righteousness, have been given more work than others, because if you trust others, the work will remain.
Bah Syiem said that the Act clearly states that the land titles issued by the Council should not be recognized by any authority including banks and private savings banks.
“Many of our national parties end up in Byrnihat and there is no place for them to go outside.
It is necessary to consider carefully according to the nature of mankind that the foreign languages ​​should be translated into their own language, without the tendency to spread without foundation.
(In the middle of the 7 years he will put an end (stop) the sacrifices and offering) Daniel 9:27.
He was responding to the Zero Hour Notice submitted by Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma in the Legislative Assembly.
Jacob is also a former Union Minister and served as Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha in the 1980s.
The General Secretary of the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Requoma Rq Laloo, in a statement to the media, said that the pending work has been completed and what is needed is to provide teachers and staff so that the Admission of students will be smooth in the coming days.
The fields are not far behind Liam; community and rural development is still lagging behind; water supply & sanitation is still in short supply and unclean; roads, bridges and connectivity are still few, narrow, poor and where are the railway lines to transport goods and express ways? speed up the transportation of goods and services ?.
Nongpoh, July 10: As part of the efforts to curb the influx and smuggling of foreigners into the Khasi Hills, by taking advantage of the employment of various companies, on the 8th of this month. The All Meghalaya Toll Plaza Contractor Association (AMTPCA) has been formed by the owners of toll plazas in the state.
Regarding the rapid spread of Covid-19 at the Civil Hospital, it is due to the confirmation of a doctor from the hospital.
Shillong, July 18 : The State Government has announced that the evening market at Nan Polok Shillong will start from Thursday, 19th of this month from 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm. that is, from Monday to Saturday.
Shillong: Thangbuli SW SAC has reached the final of the 20th Riwar Cp Invitation Football Tournament held at Bakur Stadium on 25th June 2021 by beating Shkenpyrsit SC. 2 to 1.
On the statement by the Prime Minister that he did not call for talks with the political parties demanding the implementation of the ILP, Mukul Sangma said, “How can you talk to the people (sengbhalang) who demand the implementation of the ILP? from the meeting".
“It may be recalled that the Lam Jingshai Choir Mawkhar Parish has been waiting for a long time to get its own sound system and musical instruments which are in accordance with the present era and this time this dream has come true. The Choir expresses its gratitude and appreciation to the MLA for his hard work in achieving this goal.
“Oh! "I'm going to come," said Freda, while she was cleaning the door.
Then he thought about you, Iow, you are the one who lives in peace and harmony in the country.
“I have seen this statement in the media in which I don't agree with this, that some people in the party want to remove me from the post of State President,” he said.
He said that the delay in distribution to the poor families has caused problems to the village as they have to patrol these houses from time to time because there are thieves who go to sleep at night.
He has been preparing hard in the same way since matriculation.
The daily wage of the Muster Roll is only 170 tyngka and it is the lowest wage in all types of jobs.
Chandikadas Amritrao Deshmukh, a former Rajya Sabha MP, died in 2010 and was one of the senior leaders of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh.
He is the President of the Seng Samla in his village and is also the Secretary of the Contractors Association in the state.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, has imposed a total curfew in the district due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
Thus the time of Satan's casting out of the second heaven to earth will be the most terrible of all.
Sikai FC and Mawryngkneng Mission FC drew 1-1 with no goals scored until the end of the 90 minutes. .
“If the ILP is the law of the British, why doesn't the government abolish the European Ward which has existed since the time of the British?
The program was conducted by the Chilajong Village Organization (VO) in collaboration with the Village Defense Party (VDP) of Mawkohphet Village. The meeting was conducted by Bah S.Iawphniaw, Minister of Village Council, Mawkohphet Village Minister. Special song by Ïaid Shaphrang SHG and welcome speech by B.Syiemlieh.
The songs he composed are still sung by the Samla.
The songs he composed are still sung by the Samla.
Their boat sank due to a sudden storm and he saved all five of them while he could not save himself.
Dame Wanbiang Shadap scored 21 runs (13) while Mekhraw Pyrkhat took three wickets each and scored 11 runs in the first over.
The Waheh Shnong of Mukroh has all the necessary documents and we want to see that the blood of the four people who have been killed will not be wasted at all and the right will stand firm and the village of Mukroh will last forever. in Meghalaya,” said Bah Kharjahrin on behalf of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM).
AAP MP Sanjay Singh and MLA Saurabh Bharadwaj confirmed on Tuesday that Sisodia had not received permission. not valid in Vipassana Cell.
In a meeting with the two Lummawbah leaders, it was understood that the army's checkpoint at the Lummawbah border has caused problems to the residents as there is a toilet and a children's playground in the area. .
In another incident, police said that on the 7th of June at about 11:20 pm, they received a tip by phone from a man who claimed to be a member of the The Anti-Corruption Wing, and the member said that there was a fire on the bridge between Rajabala and Namabilla markets, West Garo Hills.
She said that the government has taken action to build the Shillong Medical College and the government will take the necessary action.
Ramadan lasts for 30 days and Muslims fast during the day as a sign of respect for the Koran, which was written about the Prophet Muhammad.
It is worth mentioning that since the incident at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District, where the Assam police have opened fire on Khasi, which has resulted in the deaths of five people. , has angered many and especially various civil society groups.
The Government of India, after 74 years of independence, has informed the Government of Meghalaya and other states that through the Svamitva scheme, , will survey the ground from the air around the villages with those drones.
Bah Francis SyiemliehIn the days hereafter, before the world turns into hell or the abode of the wicked, it will be women and the devil who will rule the world. he shall take away the peace of the earth; they will quickly lose their peace or to that terrible and terrible 'day-night struggle'
Long Bamon Jt.
When inquired, he said the old nar bridge near the bridge can also accommodate small vehicles temporarily.
At the same time, the BJP is currently the winner in which three MLAs from the state will contest the upcoming elections from the party.
All these are men who have contributed greatly to the society of the jaitbynriew but it will be up to the UDP to give ticket to any of them.
According to the Holy Cross and the Diocese of Nongstoiñ, the swearing-in ceremony will begin at 10 pm at the Parish Square in the presence of the Provincial and Holy Cross officials. Lyngdohs, religious leaders and thousands of people from West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills Districts, including from elsewhere.
He confirmed that through the BJP party it has promised to bring states into the state and now it is the right of Meghalaya to have the right to develop in all aspects.
The French as the rulers of the mynder have implemented this method of division and rule and perhaps from this time it has entered the minds of some of our brothers and sisters because perhaps they do not struggle to find the origin and origin of being a nation.
SHILLONG: Shillong Lajong have lost two home matches this season and one victory against Gokulam Kerala FC in The 2013 FIFA World Cup will be held on the 19th of this month at the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) Polo Ground at 2 pm. football state.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : Sankardev College Shillong, on Thursday celebrated its 60th Anniversary.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe Traffic Department of the State Government has issued a new order, warning taxi drivers, not to allow taxi passengers, or that means, to leave, to the place. , which the passenger needs and that the taxi driver should not go to the place, where the drivers want to go.
At the same time, he warned that not only others who can threaten but the KSU also has a role to play for the peace and stability of the brothers and sisters in the border area.
The Chairperson said that recently, some people have sent videos of children participating in the Independence Day programs because they are late.
The Supreme Court last month banned private companies from using Aadhar.
He said that from time to time, the farmers have complained to the government and requested it to send researchers to help explain why the stem dies prematurely and rots. .
There are 313 cases including 171 males and 142 females who have not yet received their doctor's certificates.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU), Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla on Tuesday said that the university will send a proposal to the Ministry of Education, Government of India. to recognize Casual Employees of the University as Permanent Employees.
Banrilaburom's mother said that the disease could have been cured if treated in Nepal, but poverty has not allowed them to go there and they have to give up what the Creator has given them.
On the other hand, the Minister said that on this issue of SSA teachers, the government needs to find ways and means to resolve the issue.
Former Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Mizoram Government, KS Thanga, has left the Congress party for personal reasons. he.
When Kiang Nangbah heard those stories of his mother, his soul became brave and his whole body trembled and gnashed his teeth saying that he did not let these men rule over my beloved land.
Speaking to reporters, the Prime Minister declined to say yes or no to the question, but said it was his duty as the Prime Minister.
If the states or countries do not join hands on efforts and goals, we will never be able to achieve success,” he said.
In another 57kg featherweight category, Elbin Rani lost to Salim Khan of Haryana.
He said that this incident happened after many accidents involving dumper trucks which have caused injuries to many people in parts of the city. .
The time markers are around before the start of 1 week.
The letter said that this was on the orders of SCCC President Charles Pyngrope and directed Sawkmie to send his Congress letter of resignation.
The Revelation Schools also teach about love, respect, and mutual respect, which are also the basic teachings of the Christian faith.
Dr. Kharlukhi also spoke about the sacrifice of Tirot Sing Syiem for the safety of future generations and invited the people who attended the ceremony to draw their views. The spirit of struggle of Tirot Sing Syiem in their daily lives.
If one wave lasts 10 months, that means the 4 waves will last 40 months.
Overall, the market has increased by 27% from 27,780 units in 2014 to 35,310 units in
When asked, he said that although he understands that the MDA does not have a majority, the party will work hard to win and added that he is fighting for victory.
I wondered.
He addressed the concerns of the people saying, “for development and economy, Telecom services are the cornerstone by providing connectivity of Mobile Towers to boost connectivity between people.
The office of the Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation (MGCC) has been hit by a petrol bomb.
On this occasion, the teachers have decided not to talk to Dr Laloo and have sent a letter to the Prime Minister to take action.
Regarding the escape of the prisoner, a team of Police Reserve Police and Nongpoh Police Station, have launched a search operation for the prisoner, but at the time of writing of this news, no one has been found. have.
The time has come to launch a people's movement to fight against plastic waste : The inability of the Jowai Municipal Board to collect garbage in Jowai has led to the formation of a clean water organization (KYKWM) to mobilize the public to raise awareness on how to turn rotten waste into wealth and food for livestock.
Through this meeting, the RBYF also informed about the need to set up a power storage in the Nongpoh area, so that the people will not be affected by the power storage. victim of a power outage.
He said that this shows that the MDA government is a government that is happy to see that the youth get involved in alcohol abuse.
A resident of Sohra said that according to the weapons they carried, they were well prepared to attack the people who came to the rally.
The NHS England has confirmed 758 deaths, followed by 96 deaths in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: Dr. Helpme Hamkhein Mohrmen has announced his candidacy for the 2023 MLA election from the 2-Jowai Constituency. of his book entitled “The Light of Mynnor”.
Sometimes it is embarrassing to watch TV when they are talking in Parliament because our MPs have become like a thlong.
In the Mawryngkneng Super Cup, Mawmang SC beat Iewrim SC 5-0 through goals from Bansuk Mukhim in the 11th minute, own goal in the 25th minute, Shemphang Mukhim in the 34th minute. Angius Mukhim scored in the 59th minute and the last goal came through Sanbhalang Mawthoh in the 61st minute.
Today, this reporter witnessed this search of people who went to see patients.
Similarly, American citizens still had the right to vote in 1870 through the 15th Amendment.
According to him, it is because of this that both the cases have not owned the land and led to various incidents.
In a letter to the Minister, who is also the MLA of Mawthadraishan Constituency, the party said that West Khasi Hills has been in existence for more than 46 years.
I want to give China an appropriate answer and how to act, it is up to them to decide,” said Banerjee.
Nongpoh, June 21: After the problem, the Seng said that the road has been repaired through the hard work of Bah Kyrmen Shylla MLA. The suffering of the students and teachers of the Sohkwai Govt.
The Nongkhlaw chiefs who belong to the Syiemlieh clan are said to be of Jaintia or Sutnga origin and come from the Jaintia chiefs.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that the election for the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, will be held on the first day of the Budget Session on 20th October
There will be many songs and dances from the talented people of the Kur.
However, there are many things in our Khasi customs and traditions that are very good and there are also things that we have to check whether they are true or not.
Khliehriat, Nailar 16: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle led by its President, Samla Livingson Dkhar Sama, today visited the Khliehriat Civil Hospital with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. They urged the Minister to take action to get a proper building for this hospital as soon as possible so that it will not cause too much trouble to the doctors, nurses and staff as well as the staff. There is no such thing as a hospital.
Bah KD Kharkongor, District Training Officer, Farmers Training Centre, East Khasi Hills explained the training on agriculture that the youth should take in a profitable and beneficial manner.
There should be hope that these incidents will be handled smoothly, with a thorough investigation, in order to arrest those involved and bring back the money of the people,” the court said. The pill was taken by Rieward V Warjri.
“The signing of Bah Khlaiñ Pyrkhat does not mean only in the SPL, but the desire is to play in the Second Division League and this is a decision from the club's family.
The residents of Rngi Shyllong, while talking to Rupang, said that there are soil fillers to cover the potholes on the road, but these days, due to the heavy rainfall and flooding, , so they cannot repair it properly, because this is also a road, which has a lot of vehicles, which pass by hundreds of trucks and small vehicles every day.
Rida said, “To khun, I understand... But we have to think because now I have to carry you alone.
And other useful resources which are a great treasure for mankind, drinking water, fish of many kinds that we can get from the rivers and streams.
When contacted by the sellers and some of the buyers, they said that this is true.
I like to laugh.
Tembe also ordered all schools to suspend all outdoor sports activities if the areas are severely affected by the heat wave or at any time when the heatwave comes. syllad for the safety of students as well as teachers.
Of these, 187 have been re-appointed while the rest have been dismissed.
The cleanliness drive was led by the Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong.
Also present were the Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aman War, District Medical Health Officer Dr KC Ajar and others.
MLP beat Raj Bhavan by 16 runs and Pankaj Roy of MLP who scored 45/4 was named man of the match.
Jessica Rast, has been criticized for photographing herself naked while sleeping on top of a tree.
Italy's highest number of deaths was 969 between Friday and Wednesday.
Shangpliang said that last year, the state government had confirmed that the markets outside Shillong would be opened for the farmers to sell their produce. see faithful to these markets"
Shillong: Three Lyngdohs of Nongspung Hima have lodged a complaint with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Government authorities against the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, on charges of collecting money. illegally and to forge the names of the Lyngdohs for approval by the Executive Committee of the Dorbar.
He said that the Council has received its share of revenue collection only through major mineral resources, vehicle taxes and minor mineral revenues from the State Government.
,In this Christmas season, which is a time when we all need and have many thoughts.
It is through the existence of special subjects that as a nation, we can continue to produce more heroes, heroes and intellectuals who will fight for the preservation and preservation of our unique identity as a nation. nation.
This is what we see in the four Gospels – Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
In our country India, these soils are the best for growing crops.
“We don't want to insult or condemn these people but we should find ways and means to help them because this kind of work is not easy for them, many of them The women who have been involved in prostitution may be due to being left alone or coming from poor families but this is unacceptable to the society”.
“We demand that the police and magistrates involved in the incident should be suspended immediately to ensure that the investigation will be clean and fair,” said Bah Laloo. a syndrome person.
“The acquisition of public land should be stopped completely as the government is the only agent to acquire land belonging to the Raid to sell back to companies and private groups and this is a violation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer. Regulation Act 1971,” said the protesters.
“It is just a misunderstanding between the party leaders, we have already resolved it yesterday,” said Bah Shibun.
Nongpoh: The residents of Nongtyrlaw Village in Ri Bhoi District, which has only 45 households, have received a water supply scheme from the Central Government. The Jal Jeevan Mission has cost T.2, 53, 57, 000 crore for the implementation of the scheme to distribute drinking water to all the households in the village.
The deaths are from East Khasi Hills: 03 and West Khasi Hills: 01. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 232 new cases and 232 cases are still in critical or active condition. There are 3373 cases in the State.
Joydeep Bamon scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij SC in the 63rd minute.
On the other hand, he said that the state does not need those leaders to distribute khiew sam pliang, but it needs those leaders to formulate those policies to protect and develop the state, for 50 years. “It is only the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act which is the strongest law introduced by Bah MN Majaw,” he said.
Ampati, July 22: MLA Dikkanchi D. Shira on Tuesday visited the flood affected villages in Lukaichar and Kalaichar in Mahendraganj Constituency, South. West Garo Hills.
How beautiful the sky is.
The meeting was conducted by Rgh O.Pyngriope Acting President of the Seng Khasi Kmie and besides the speech by Rgh PD Nongrum Member of the Seng Khasi Kmie, the General Secretary of the Seng also delivered a speech. Raij Jowai, Ma Arwotki Sumer, Headmistress of Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaiaw, while the group of Na Tbian Ki Sur Hara, performed the National Prayer.
Earlier, Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first but faced difficulties.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Minister of PWD, Sniawbhalang Dhar today visited Sawmer Shiteng village to announce the village road scheme in Shillong.
The MTET examination question paper of the teachers was stolen on the morning of the 31st and an FIR was lodged by the lawyer of the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that the people should no longer elect only those leaders, because in 50 years, they have seen only those leaders, in whom they do not speak anything in the assembly, they just vote. “It is necessary to elect the legislators who will go to the Assembly to advocate for the welfare of the people of the state, not to lead,” said Bah Dohtdong.
However, all these dedications to work for the welfare of all have deprived many women through humiliation, violence and even rape which has led to mental and physical violence. spirit.
Ma Deimonmi expressed his gratitude to the BDO of Laskeiñ, Bah FB Basan, MDC Rudaioo Tang, Project Director, DRDA West Jaintia Hills and all the residents of Musiaw for their cooperation in completing the construction of the bridge. blessings to the people of the land.
In the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme, infrastructure works have been awarded to two large companies and for small works, 100 local contractors have been awarded,” he said.
The incident occurred more frequently in the evening and especially when it started to get dark, when men and women were seen standing on the side of the road and some were sitting inside the car. who are drunkards, who play musical instruments, and who dance lymwir in these highways.
Ma RM Khlem, who was an expert, explained the value of rainwater and how to manage it.
Of these 57 cases, 26 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 13 high risk contacts, one from outside, 3 cases from Laban cluster, one from Jail Road cluster, one from Lawsohtun cluster and one from Mawprem. cluster, one policeman, one from Khyndailad cluster, two from Rynjah cluster, one from SARI case and one from Umpling cluster.
For more information, please contact Jason Manners at 9774030587 or Rockski EMG at jason@rockski.
At the same time, the Minister said that the Government will ensure that the health sector will be available to all the residents through health centers without forcing patients to leave their villages, or households to seek medical treatment in other states or any part of the state.
Khliehriat, Nailur 15: The meeting of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit held on the 14th of this month, took the second step to hold a mass protest by sleeping in the middle of the NH-6 Khliehriat is the capital of East Jaintia Hills District.
They lived in this Synrang Bah cremation until waikhoh waistar (which means the end of the birth) and gave birth to five children, 4 (saw) females and 4 (saw) males. .
There are those who appeal to the Supreme Court of India, and the cost will not be less than 50/- lakh tyngka, regardless of whether they win or lose.
Prevention is more valuable and important than cure.
Shillong, March 23: A bus (ML05-0834) driven by Bah Pyniohnam Nongdhar from Laitkor, Ri-Dhoi District, has collided with another vehicle. They went to Dhankheti opposite the Petrol Pump.
In his speech, Bah Sanbor appealed to the voters of the area to give their full support to the BJP for major development projects.
Among the independent candidates, there are those who will contest again as independent candidates and there are also those who will contest from other parties if they get tickets.
Meena Kharkongor, Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR), said she was sorry for the actions of the arrested and said it was just a ploy to delay the investigation.
Many passengers were injured in the collision between a commercial bus from Umrangso-Jowai-Shillong and a 16 wheeler truck.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
But, Revelation 13:18 “Here is wisdom.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The State Government has decided to introduce an Office Memorandum (OM) to improve the working of the Public Works Department (PWD).
In these villages, it sends its officers, together with the magistrates, to ban the construction of houses and then sends threats to the owners of the houses, in these places, while when the searched for documentation, could never provide.
However, the NPP will not listen to that but will continue to do its best and fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state.
According to the employees of the factory, who included the general manager, work manager and others, the main reason why the factory has not been able to operate is because there are still problems in the authorities. powers because they are new.
Without the resurrection the Christian faith is in vain.
During the hours of filing of nomination papers, it was witnessed that these four candidates did not bring their supporters as usual in previous years as it caused heavy traffic jam in Shillong.
The Opposition Congress MLA from Umsning, Bah Celestine Lyngdoh on Thursday urged the state government to set up a contingency fund for the emergency relief of the families affected by the floods. destroy the forces of nature.
As the MPs who lead the state, they should have received a clear answer so that it would not bring trouble to the people.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has rejected a complaint by a foreigner named Karuna Sindhu Ghosh that the KSU has taken him from Laitumkhrah and demanded T.5 lakh. located in Shillong.
This freedom to form parties at will can lead to the freedom of governance and no longer freedom as the Independence Day of India.
At 3 pm, police have seized a Santro vehicle with registration number AS. -06-J- 5971, at Damcherra, Umkiang, when the vehicle was coming from Assam and heading towards Khliehriat, while the police were stopping the vehicle, one of the occupants of the vehicle managed to escape. steal from the hands of the police.
He said that the VPP has decided to temporarily suspend the protest and will wait for the outcome of the talks.
There is no point in the National Party status if you contest only 2 seats for MP in Meghalaya.
“In fact, the MBOSE should have issued a directive to teach in Khasi in all subjects from Primary to Class XII,” said Dr Nonglait.
Conrad also announced that about 50,000 hectares of forest land will be protected under this program and Rs 250 crore will be allocated to the villages over the next five years.
Without fail, we will lose our land ownership.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has announced Rs 5 lakh each to the relatives of the deceased, Rs 50,000 to the seriously injured and Rs 20,000 to the injured. slightly.
The funeral service will be held on 11.11.2023 at 10:00 am at the Khimusniang Cemetery, Jowai.
The strike by these shopkeepers has put pressure on the police to ensure the peace and order and the supply of drinking water to the people in these markets.
While she was walking behind, she struck an old man until he died.
After the meeting, they took part in the cleaning of the National Highway from Lad Smit to the end of the Divider.
Former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie and HYC Mawïong Umjapung Unit have inaugurated a cleanliness center for the residents of Mawlai, especially those from Tariang A and B. Herman Dohtdong, Wanseng Jyrwa, UDP Mawlai Circle President Batskhem Makdoh, President of HYC Mawlai, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, HYC Mawlai Circle Leaders, Unit Officers, Unit Officers cleaners and others.
The meeting was conducted by Preciousmi Shylla and welcome speech was delivered by the President of East Jaintia Hills, Samla Deibormi Rymbai. Assistant Finance Ebor Pasleiñ and President of the Association Donbok Dkhar explained the activities of the association.
The union has already lodged a complaint against the incident.
Ardent said he had also raised this issue in the Legislative Assembly to demand that the state government should protect the Khasi living in the border areas and if it cannot protect it, it will protect the Khasi people living in the border areas. “If the government cannot protect them, why doesn't it provide them?” said Bah Ardent without specifying the weapons but it is understood that the weapons are intended for weapons.
However, in recent years there have been attempts to violate the rights of various ethnic groups, especially the minorities, by a group of ethnic and religious extremists who want to rule by force, to rule by force, to violence and to exterminate others.
The ship will carry 160 scientists from all over the world and they will have the goal of preserving mankind.
The Governor has earlier sent the Bill to the State Government for further consideration and the Government has immediately sent the Bill back to the Governor but it is still pending on the desk of the State Government. Lat.
The Local Organizing Committee (LOC) of the tournament announced on Tuesday that the city, along with Kokrajhar (Assam), will be the new cities to host the tournament. It will last for 10 months, from 3rd to 3rd of April.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA and MDC of Mawryngkneng constituency, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem as the chief guest. He said that we should preserve them and urged the students to take good care of them and keep the place clean and tidy.
Feeding so many children is not easy.
The incident occurred in Upper Shillong.
The Seng Kur Phawa Siangshai has strongly condemned the murder of a schoolgirl in East Jaintia Hills and demanded that the police department should set up a special inquiry into the incident.
Jembo Marak scored 63 runs off 49 balls and 1 wicket and Boney Sohtun won the player of the tournament award. He scored 248 runs and also won the man of the series award with 248 runs and 11 wickets in the tournament while Steveson Syiem took the most wickets with 13 wickets. wickets and all of them belonged to the SP Office Cricket Team.
He said that the Clan Bill was introduced and passed during the tenure of Bah HS Shylla as Chief Executive Member in 2018 to strengthen the Kurs in Khasi Hills. The Lat of the State shall be appointed to the Council.
In the Senior category, Men Single and Double, Women Single Double and Mixed Double.
The Sordar thanked everyone especially the Dorbar Raid for electing him as the Sordar with one voice to work for the sake of peace and order in the Raid.
The history of the world tells us about heroes and revolutionary movements for an equal, peaceful and prosperous society.
It is highly suspected that the blast may have been caused by an electrical outlet which damaged several rooms of the first floor of the house.
Ale, I will run to the Lord.
Suresh Singh scored 39 runs after him, but after his fall off Manish's ball, Manipur were able to score 134/6
The chief guest on this occasion, Mr. Wailadmiki Shylla, urged the students who have already been trained to use the start up tools properly and to start implementing them. shall be cut off or destroyed.
The exclusion of the stories of the region’s resistance movements from British rule in history textbooks and textbooks led to the belief that the north played no role in the independence struggle, the added.
Shah also criticized Rahul Gandhi once again, saying; “Rahul Gandhi has gone abroad and done something wrong in relation to this country.
The 10th North East Zone Shooting Championship 2023 was held from 20th to 27th July at the Assam Regimental Centre. , Thembasuk (Happy Valley), Shillong.
Liverpool have 42 points, Manchester City 41, Tottenham Hotspur 36 and Chelsea 34 points.
He said that he had wanted to send for the construction of the project for a long time but due to the outbreak of COVID-19 followed by various problems, the project has been delayed.
“He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath meat, let him do likewise.
Internet services on mobile phones have also been suspended for five days across the state.
4-Mowkaïaw United won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 170 runs for the loss of all wickets in 19.1 overs.
Nobin said that three days ago, he and his wife had brought two AK Rifles from Dimapur and handed them over to Sohan D Shira.
The Ministry of Education will take a final decision on the reopening of schools on 28th June 2020, said Bah DP Wahlang Principal, Secretary, Ministry of Education. the state.
Explaining that kwai or Arecanut falls under the category of illegal drugs, the Minister said that it is not his opinion or the State Government.
The Minister said that the government is facing difficulties in how to remove the congestion in Shillong because it does not have enough space to improve the road, it does not have enough parking space. There is no space to build footpaths and many problems.
It was seen that vehicles heading to Dhankheti had to turn around and some vehicles were stuck in the middle of the road because they could not move due to flooding.
Jowai, Naitung 20: The 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: Two former MDCs and former supporters of the PDF along with the Vice President of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NPP) have joined the National People's Party (NPP) this month. accomplished.
The word Suk is used about five times in the book of Psalms and is also found with the words “Blessed are you” (Psalm 118:26).
After this, the bodies were taken to the Pynthorlangteiñ Presbyterian Church Cemetery where the funeral service was held with a short speech, song and prayer.
Sohsaw comes from Diengpasoh, Mawryngkneng, Tynring, Sohryngkham and other surrounding areas.
When he discovered and created these two types of traditional musical instruments, he laid the foundation for the management of the long kur long jait and the iing ka sem.
“Of course, we had a suspicion last night and we were suspicious of the action of the police because the people arrested were not like the Dkhars.
He recalled that during his tenure as Minister of Education, (L) John Deng Pohrmen had said that JNV Mukhla had been selected to be located between Sohkha and Nongtalang but later it was moved to Khliehtyrshi to start temporarily.
When we look at the past, we see that before the year 1700 (Common Era), the Khasi Khara people were in peace and harmony. you Riti that you Dustur.
They were led by well-known villagers from Bangladesh and India.
He said that the states of the Northeast region due to the presence of many different ethnic groups have created many problems and struggles, and through the implementation of such programs this region Northeat will be able to rise and overcome these challenges and make this region stronger.
“I don't want to talk about KHNAM anymore as I am waiting for the right time, and I will consider going back to another house which can meet the rules I have set,” he added. .
While the match was going on and heard the applause of the crowd, Nongrum scored another hat-trick for them this season. through Saralin Warlarpih in the 60th minute.
He said that the hotel owners have parked many vehicles in their parking lots and these vehicles are used to earn money from tourists. “How can private vehicles do that? The Pinewood Hotel is a government owned hotel but there is a large sign showing what kind of vehicle tourists want to travel by, where they want to go and the price is also written there,” he said. said.
One day, while they were thinking, a miaw came suddenly.
Mookyndur SC beat Khliehiongriang SC 1-0 in the final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Shillong, Nailar: The Dorbar Shnong Umpling, Shillong in a statement through Bah L.Jyrwa Secretary today informed that the Dorbar Shnong Pyllun of Umpling Village held on 25.07.2022 at the Dorbar Shnong Shillong has received to elect new office bearers for the term 2022 to 2025.
He also taught about how to take seeds from tree species that are already in our country and said that it is better to plant these trees that are already alive in our forests.
“We also pay tribute to the brave freedom fighters, Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan Sangma and others who gave their lives for the freedom of India.
Shillong: A timber truck (ML 05 H 7985) has collided with a truck (ML 05 H 7985) while climbing a road at night on the morning of 5th October The name of the river is Mihlong which falls on the border of Mawkarah village, West Khasi Hills District while coming from Jakhong area.
Seven people, including a child and a woman, were killed in a landslide in parts of the Nathu La Hills in Sikkim on Tuesday. many others were trapped under the rubble of the ice.
Such kinds of pool parties which are said to be run by ultra societies should not be allowed and should be banned completely because this will lead our youth to destruction and nothing else. they may become addicted to various substances.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that if the Bill is passed in the Legislative Assembly, it will become an Act and the management of St Xavier University will have to proceed. according to the rules of law.
From the Lok Sabha elections, it is not expected that the BJP will win in 7-8 constituencies in Assam.
In the second leg, Kerala beat Jharkhand 2-1
The HSPDP has demanded from the government after the meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs held on the 4th of July at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall that the government should stop all the Rangbah Shnongs. to approve the Village Administration Bill and others.
The Ganesh Das Hospital has taken the woman to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for recovery.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that in 2015, Bah Ardent had led the people where there was a stone throwing by the police and journalists but this protest did not come out. “It was only when I became EM in KHADC together with the CEM that we went to meet with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Shniawbhalang Dhar. The Advocate General of Meghalaya has agreed that the non-urban villages should be transferred to the District Council and the Meghalaya Building By-Law has been amended. “We have also set up a Regulatory Authority and our efforts have been successful in that even for the formation of a new assembly the government has to seek permission from the KHADC,” he said.
Two of them returned home and reported that they had been abducted from Sera-7, a patrol post of the Indian Army, about 12 kilometers away. east of Nacho.
The abduction happened after troops were sent to the area.
This practice should disappear and the present generation should not hesitate to become farmers.
Jowai, Nailar 10: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has been adjourned to the semi final on the 13th of this month. Kiang Stadium, Jowai.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Prestone congratulated the members of the church for reaching this milestone.
On the 19th of this month, the family members of Sakwang, South West Khasi Hills District went to Tura to inquire, but could not find him.
All these things we understand that they are only in the flesh.
Tyngshain said that the union has sought RTI on this and found that the amount of money that the District Council has already allocated for the improvement of the slasha farm is T .2,69,7309 crore, of which T.1,54,88,110 crore has already been spent and the remaining T.1,14,19,199 crore.
In Mrunal's personal opinion, the removal from Gumraah has encouraged her to work hard so that such a thing will never happen to her in the future.
It was on this point that Jesus wept because he saw that those cries – “Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord!” there is nothing else in the spiritual.
I believe that all the family members, relatives, employees, assistants and the highest government authorities of the state will be satisfied with this suggestion so that the terrible cost of service and the danger and the helpers shall be cut off.
The members of the Advisory Committee include Bah Pynshngain as Chairman, Bah Alvin K Sawkmie as Chairman of the Council as Vice Chairman. , Mr. Erwin K Syiem Sutnga and Mr. Banshantylli Khyriem, Advocates, Mr. John F Kharshiing and Mr. RW Wanniang.
The order will come into force from the 23rd of this month until further notice and anyone who violates the order will be punished under the provisions of the IPC. Shillong, November 22: Ki leaders The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Umtring, Bah Stemar Nongbri on Thursday alleged that the Rangbah Shnong of Umtring, Bah Teiborlang Thangkhiew, has sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong. households of Umtring village, near Umbir village, Ribhoi District by 30th November, 2023 to leave the village until 30th November, stay in this town.
Shillong: Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton L Tongkhar and church leaders, ministers (Rangbah Shnong) of Mawkyrwat, Jakrem have met with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to request the government to provide assistance for the The Synod in 2020 will be held in Jakrem, South West Khasi Hills.
“If Grace gets the majority to rule the District Council, she will be the CEM,” said Himalaya while speaking at the Congress welcoming ceremony for Grace held here today. at the Dorbar Hall of Neng Gate Village.
The meeting was conducted by Ripnar Lyngdoh, DC SWKH in the presence of school children, government employees and the public.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 19: According to the norms of the Government of India, one District Hospital (Civil), CHCs, PHCs and Health Sub Centers have been set up in Meghalaya, according to the needs of the population.
The final match of the Second Division between Mawkyrwat Sports Association and Mawkyrwat Sports Association today was a thrilling one in which Photjaud Rangthong won the title after beating 1-0 The match was organized by the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) at the Artificial Turf Stadium, Mawkyrwat.
Expressing the MDA Government's stand on the list handed over to Assam in 2011, Prestone said, “Now we have reached a point where we are waiting for the time when the Government of India through the Survery of India will come to finally confirm the border between Meghalaya and Assam, which will be held soon”.
Only those who work in the fields, those who sell kwai dong, those who help sell goods in shops or on the road, those who drive cars and those who help the owners of cars, those who cultivate farms in fields that do not belong to others. who work in the shops.
This is an example that despite being a small state, Meghalaya has grown rapidly and has had a strong competition with other strong states.
Speaking about the beauty pageant, it is the beauty pageant, which has been held every year since 1964 and is one of the most popular festivals in the fashion industry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29 : The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang, which is famous for its cleanliness and ability to decorate with different colors during the Christmas and New Year months, has been selected to receive the 13th International Award. IPLA Global Forum 2023', which was held in Mumbai on 29th November
Hyundai Motor India Limited (HMIL) on Tuesday launched its new Sporty EntrySUV – Hyundai EXTER.
Shillong, July : As part of the celebration of International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking 2022, the District Social Welfare Officer, East Khasi Hills Shillong today held a roadshow program at Nongmensong Market. Shillong.
This was announced by the Chairperson of the Committee on Roster System, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh after the opening of the first meeting of the Committee at the Secretariat on Tuesday.
Making the wrong choice is like a path that leads to death but the end is death.
John Lyngdoh Nonglait, one of the tourist drivers, said that their visit to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah was to request the government to release the money that the government should have paid. him.
In a memorandum to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads), Prestone Tynsong, Shullai said, “I urge you to take action to accept this request to rebuild the roads. All PWD roads under the 19th South Shillong Constituency.
Replying to a supplementary question by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the benefit of this training is that the farmers receive a subsidy of 50 percent along with other benefits such as free seed crops from the government.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare took over this in
When the election is over, all candidates and political parties have to account for the expenses incurred during the election with detailed information in this regard.
On the same day, the union found that these foreigners do not have proper documents especially the Labor License. They have already done all the necessary procedures to provide the documents and the union has given only 10 months to these foreigners to provide the documents. If they can't, the union will do whatever is necessary and the union doesn't want to stop the ongoing work for the benefit of the people but the foreign workers are FKJGP Mawryngkneng Circle, General Secretary Bah Lambhalang Mawthoh, said in a statement.
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded from the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District.
Sakaria Thongni is from Mawpdai village and was charged under the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act in
The Agriculture Research Centre, Jaintia Hills, Wahiajer on 5th November held a Millet Kisan Mela and World Soil Day.
In the match which was played at the SSA Stadium both the teams tried to play strongly from the start.
Only reports of protests and clashes, riots, killings, shooting deaths by insurgents or police or army, shooting between insurgents and insurgents who came suddenly from Pakistan, shooting shooting deaths of anti-Pakistan protesters, stone throwing on roads and public squares between anti-Pakistani protesters and the police or army - just clashes and bloodshed.
The results of the HSSLC Class 12 Science and Commerce examination have been released today.
If this had been allowed to be implemented, there would have been a serious threat, but the KHADC has sent a reply that it does not have land, because the land belongs to the people.
On the other hand, Jamshedpur FC head coach Aidy Boothroyd said the team lost despite the players' strong performance.
The internet shutdown came after some people went to the office of the Garo District Council to demand the removal of the MDC from the GHADC committee. The message, since 3 pm on Tuesday and the area, has been without internet for 96 hours.
“We have got urban areas like Polo, Malki and others to set up market vendors,” said the government official.
The meeting was held at Orchid Inn, Thadlaskeiñ in the presence of Rtn.
The food vendors at the Standing Mess said that they used to sell in Motphran until 11 and 12 pm and they didn't find any such incidents except once in a while when there were drinkers. according to the government authorities.
Therefore, regarding the smell caused by the Dhaba, the village elder urged the owners of the Dhaba to manage the waste in a manner that does not If they cannot do so, they will have to close down the Dhaba, because the people cannot tolerate the smell that comes from the Dhaba.
“We demand that the electricity bill should be reduced for this lack of electricity because here the electricity bill is charged from the office and not like elsewhere where they install meters,” he said.
“Bah Lapang has taken the names of the MLAs to Delhi.
The President of KSU Priang Unit Samla B.Sohtun also welcomed the guests while OC Saphai Out Post gave a speech on the rules and regulations.
“We hope and urge you as the Chairman of the Commission to take action on this legitimate demand for the benefit of the youth and the state as a whole,” said the Seng.
Bah Chyne sent his condolences to his family especially to his wife, children, brothers and sisters, and also to his relatives. and strengthen your weak and faint spirit.
In reply to the Seng Samla, the Rangbah Shnong said that there are only about 10 foreign workers, while in fact there are more than 20 and it is not known where they live.
The strike by the employees, such as teachers, clearly shows the serious delays and shortcomings in the working of the State Government.
Speaking to media, he said that due to the inability of the government to improve the education sector since those previous governments until now, education in the state has been declining while In the past, this was a sad thing.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Shymplong, Bah Apstolin Syih, said that the construction of the bridge is ongoing. We want the government to take action to speed up the construction, we also urge the employers to increase the number of employees so that the work will be faster and will not cause too much trouble to them. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate of vehicles in the village,” said the Waheh Shnong Shymplong.
Shri.Jairaj Chetry, Headmaster, Gorkha Deficit UP School, Tura
“What do you mean?” asked Rep.
The source said that the NPP supporters blocked the road for the UDP supporters and even forced the CRPF police patrolling in Sahsniang village.
The funeral service will be held on the 9th July 2023 at 2 pm at the Wapungskur Presbyterian Church.
In the newspaper on 18-5-23, it was written that the Khasi MLAs have urged the Garo to oppose the Reservation Policy.
Speaking to media, he said the state government has not yet commented on the PIL, as the court has not accepted their complaint.
Otherwise, the JAC and the people of the Hima Sohïongg will take stronger action,” said the JAC. They also stormed the gate of the Council by alleging that the CEM Bah TW Chyne has not taken any action on the demand.
But the works shall be done.
B.Kharsyntiew scored the seven goals in the 9th and 70th minutes and J.Lyngdoh scored the goals in the 20th minute. , 25 and 46, D.Khongwet scored in the 21st minute and R.Suting in the 51st minute.
He said that in a video conference with Union Minister Smriti Irani, it was informed that the Aadhar enrollment in the State especially for children is still very low.
The incident was first discovered at about 9:00 pm by women and elderly people who wanted to go to the Presbytery office which is located in the same building as the bank. and the elders of the Presbytery, who saw the incident, went to see their office and found that their office too, had been broken and locked.
The Independence Run started from Jirang and ended at Government Higher Secondary School Patharkhmah. Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun was the chief guest to raise the flag. MB Tongper, Sub Divisional Officer, Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division, Bah Bobby L.Nongbet, District Sports Officer, Ri Bhoi District and other dignitaries. The race was also encouraged by Bah MB Tongper, Sub Divisional Officer of the Civil Sub Division and dozens of youths from Patharkhmah-Jirang.
She said that crimes, violence against women and children happen because of the corruption of the mindset of a person, but if we are encouraged to do and look at any good deeds and good examples, all this can be achieved. to play and fight against.
Firstly, many parts of these Acts have been taken from or excerpted from the Acts in other places which have nothing to do with the situation in Meghalaya.
“The construction of such power plants will benefit not only in terms of electricity generation, but especially in terms of drinking water supply, which will benefit the people themselves. that wherever power plants are planned to be built, there is always opposition, where many people only know how to oppose, forgetting the benefits they receive through the existence of such power plants. “It's not like we're going to be able to produce electricity,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Unfortunately for the indigenous people who do not have lawyers for them to get land to build only one foundation house.
It may be recalled that KAS has held a National Seminar on 'Khasi Language, Literature and Culture' in Delhi and a protest at Jantar Mantar on the 29th and November and at these meetings four decisions were taken.
Not only that, it was also banned to keep the dead at home for a long time and some of them were forced to be buried on the same day, when they died. It was a difficult time to spend money on milk and food and drink, which used to be another very expensive task in our Khasi culture.
Finally, Ma Nehemayah Tyngkan expressed his gratitude to God for guiding and opening the way for them to once again be able to participate with these brothers and sisters in this children's home. They hope that other elders and organizations will continue to reach out to this place so that our brothers and sisters who are in this place will be able to be like us all. .
In another session led by Mr. Ismail Ahmed, Senior Executive Trainer, Mr. Ahmed encouraged the participants to work together. to pilot this Tele-ECHO by inviting participants from each group of different departments.
Aditya Reddy, Joint Managing Director, said that this year is the year that Nippo celebrates its 50th anniversary. to turn its attention towards a new and more perfect journey in terms of being able to provide efficient service solutions for customers from all parts of India.
He said that at present the government has seven colleges, 40 grand-in aid colleges and 31 private colleges. shalor within the state.
Samla said that the authorities should clarify all their intentions so that it will not put the people in darkness.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 1009 with 21 new deaths on Thursday.
Many of our people, men and women, have died from cancer and one of the reasons is because we don't seek treatment at the beginning of the disease.
Bhattercharjee said his case was different from the illegal construction in Polo because he was concerned and complained only about the pollution of the rivers, not the illegal construction.
All these government officials, in their speeches, expressed their sorrow for the departure of such intelligent and quick to give advice to others.
To reach Mawskei they had to pass through places like Mairang-Nongkhlaw and Patharkhmah.
Jemino Mawthoh, expressed his deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy and told reporters, “Of course the passing away of our great leader Dr Donkupar Roy has shocked us. but on behalf of the UDP members we will do our best”.
The Kukis stated that the cases against Kuki writers were due to the weakening of freedom in the country.
During the inspection, it was seen that all the four MLAs in Ri Bhoi, attended the screening and it was also seen that some MDCs from Mawhati and Jirang, also attended the screening. Center.
TMC candidate Macmillan Kharbani said that his main goal is to restore democracy because in the past years it seems that democracy has disappeared due to the lack of democracy. If the TMC comes to power, they will cancel the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
There are many reasons why we are surprised, but the most surprising is the appearance of some Khasi MLAs whom many of the people have not thought about.
Iba Malai said that the 'Kiniho' clothes designed by her are specially made from ksai ryndia and the 'Kiniho' was established in 2016 in collaboration with the and the judges of Umden.
Meghalaya Sikkim GoaTotal Area: 22,429 sq.kmPopulation: 29,64,007 Total Area: 7,096 sq.kmsPopulation: 5,70,077 Total Area: 3,702 sq.kmsPopulation: Jaintia State and Garoland The size and population of the states according to the 2011 census is as follows:-Khasi Jaintia State Garoland During the reign of the 30 Syiems and 12 Doloi until the reign of the British Government, the traditional and customary practices of the people were preserved.
The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal will open the meeting at 11 pm at Shillong Club followed by a training session for journalists who go to collect news and those who sit in offices. a journalism competition for journalists and readers.
“You don't have to go to higher secondary school.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 9,152 with 7,987 still infected, 856 recovering and 308 deaths, the ministry said. the Government of India.
The program was also conducted as part of the implementation of the PMEGP scheme in the district of interest, Ri Bhoi District. take generally within the country.
“For example, when fish is banned from importing formalin, the price of fish increases and these are the usual incidents and besides, it depends on the market conditions,” he said. to Conrad.
He said that the Dorbar has suggested to the DC to conduct a random test for the people and soldiers at the screening center at Byrnihat, to avoid any risk. when they come to the state.
Speaking at the polling day celebration held by the DC East Khasi Hills, Bah Scott, one of the former government ministers, said that the quality of elections in this era has declined. the concern about the corruption of money and other corrupt practices and this has hampered the change of democracy.
Shillong: The State Youth Wing of the Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today wrote a letter to the Commissioner of Sports of the Government of Meghalaya regarding the failure of the State Sports Council at Polo. The payment of salaries to the day laborers in Polo.
Besides, Bah Nidamon Chullet, said that until now, the groups of dewbilat truck drivers have been protesting only by protesting and if the factories do not respect the government's orders, The groups will not hesitate to protest strongly by blocking the roads indefinitely to prevent the dewbilat factories from transporting their products.
However, the Government has allowed government employees to hold posts in religious groups and tribes where this Act will not apply.
Langsning FC continued their second win in the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 after beating Sawmer SC 1-0 in the first leg of the 2023-24 season. Tuesday.
Churches should train the public on how to seek answers to questions from government departments through the Right to Information (RTI).
Speaking after the incident ha Langpih yesterday where Khasi were tied by the Assam police, he said, “It is not that Assam does not want to resolve the border but it refuses to accept. Meghalaya's rights and this is the problem"
On the other hand, the PTI leaders strongly condemned the arrest of party members especially when such incidents happen during such protests.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Garod, who is also a former MDC from Nangbah, said he was waiting for the United Democratic Party (UDP) ticket, but as the UDP has not yet decided, he said he was waiting for the United Democratic Party (UDP) ticket. He decided to contest the election and the ticket will be decided later.
This comes after the club scored a 4-2 win against Espanyol.
A special song by Regelbertson Wanniang and a short skit by NKD Wann, Mawlangwir were also performed on the occasion.
The pride of Lucifer Satan, God threw him to hell to the bottom of the earth because Lucifer said- I will ascend to heaven I will exalt my throne above the stars of God, I will sit on the mountain of prayer at the end. from the east, I will ascend above the clouds, I will be like the highest”.
Regarding the health issue, as the people of Maweit have been reminding, the Chief Minister said that he has tried to talk to the government to fulfill the wishes of the people of Maweit. to supply an existing health facility in the area.
The Chairman of KHADC also handed over the Autonomous District Council Rules to the group so that they can read them thoroughly in relation to the fair trial.
He said that the residents of the area have also staged a protest against this decision of the government and have already submitted a petition to the Prime Minister, but he has not done anything yet.
The union demands that the law enforcement authorities, especially the SP of West Khasi Hill District, should immediately investigate this case. FKJGP Langpih Area Unit has lodged a complaint against these Nepalis, said a statement from Bah Marbor Nonglang.
While we must preserve the beauty of this place, at the same time, we have to promote its culture.
“In the BJP ruled states, the economy has increased compared to our state and the time has come for the people of the state to The BJP will continue to rule in Delhi under the leadership of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister and it will not benefit if our state does not join hands with the party.
Rophul said he is not happy to be part of the Congress government and his decision to contest the election is because he wants to take responsibility for Lum Garo.
He said that in other projects the government has implemented the price for the year 2015-2016 while in MGNREGS it has implemented the price for the year 2012-2
Dr. Don said that on his part as an MLA he has advocated in the Legislative Assembly on this road. He said that although there have been many proposals and suggestions to the government, all the proposals have been rejected.
He said that if there is a proper road, the presence of this place will be a great blessing to the area, especially if the government through the tourism department takes steps to beautify this place, it will attract Many tourists especially during the rainy season when the sky is clear.
The most affected are the rivers that have been filled with garbage, garbage and forty kinds of garbage.
In Greek the Land of Peace is-According to Psalm 33:12, the word Peace refers to the time when the children of Israel lived in peace and were called Peace because they lived righteously, did not lie. they don't lie, but they live righteously, they eat and earn from the field.
“When they graduate, they get the wood to make clothes but they can't buy ksai and if the government can provide assistance it will help them because they themselves find it difficult to get money from poverty,” he said. The Village Headman of Pyrnai.
These Muster Rolls are those who work in various government departments in Jaintia Hills.
Those who attended the funeral were also invited to wear flags to express their sorrow over the incident.
We are living in the last days of the fulfillment of the Word of God.
This has increased the number of markets in the Khasi Hills.
We have done our duty and today I came to the Sadar police station because we have decided to cooperate in the investigation into this matter.
“We have held a meeting of the State Election Committee today which is held once every three months,” said Bah David.
Thomas Jones has worked hard to free us Khasi from the stigma of not having a written language.
Shillong, Nailar 4: “On the Supreme Court's order on the mining and renovation of 5 hectares of land, permission should be obtained from the Ministry of Environment, Government of India. Ma HH Mohrmen has sent his letter to the Chief Secretary, Shillong, JHADC, Jowai, KHADC, Shillong and Tura.
Nagaland scored 22 runs for 83 runs in the second tied innings.
However, Singh continued to lead the synjuk.
Today, 27th June, is the day when we will decide who will be elected.
Brazil has the third highest number of cases after the US and India, with 16 million cases and 450,000 deaths.
And if that is true, then our government is rich.
Have we not been able to board this special bus that will take us to the right place? We don't know, when our poor state borders Bangladesh about 443 km, does it deserve it? Perhaps we did not try to include some of the villages of the state, when the Prime Minister made a special announcement, or we did not try hard in the Legislative Assembly when the Question 3251, on this issue, which was answered by the Minister of State for Child Development, Ministry of Home Affairs on 29 March/October 2023/Chaitra 8, 1945 (Saka).
Therefore, the government urges the public to remember that the COVID-19 pandemic is not over yet and that it is necessary to ensure that the vaccination including children who have reached the age of 12 years is completed.
He said the HPC has also appointed a Program Monitoring Committee (PMC) on the recommendation of IIT Guwahati in the investigation report on the collapse of the old roundabout.
Garo Hills has been severely affected by floods and landslides.
On behalf of the Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong declined to comment, as he has not received any information regarding the incident.
Dadenggre Civil Sub-Division is one of the oldest sub-divisions and was first established in
The KSU leader said that the KSU has decided to write a letter to the government on the issue of discrimination against the Khasi living in the border areas. The MDA government should not say that it is still sitting,” said Lambok.
She said that the residents have been using the EPIC since 2004 and there are those who have been registering their names since that year until now, because their wish is to become and to show others that they are full citizens of this state.
Another political leader said that the Executive Engineer continues to work as a government servant and performs various government duties despite the NPP has already announced him as a candidate for the 2023 MLA election. .
Meghalaya will participate in the tournament with the players, coaches and team managers selected by the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association. Mr.Ri-mi-oo Suchiang, player, Mr.Aditya Mallappa Yalishetter, player, Mr.Leslie Manbhalang Kharmylliem, Team Manager, Caldy Steward Nongsiang, Coach and Suklang Dkhar, General Secretary of MRBA.U Dharmendra Pradhan, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today slammed those who oppose the implementation of the National Register of Citizens Act. I'm going to go to the crowd.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongmynsong Unit today distributed Kymbor Syaid and other necessities to several families in the village.
A powerful satellite imagery shows that a school run by the Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) militant group in eastern Pakistan has not been damaged and is still standing. the same place it is.
“The decision not to give me a ticket, I didn't expect it because they didn't give me a good reason. “If you don't know,” said Bah Bindo.
Sangoi said that there will be three types of kob ksem, (i) the loudest, (ii) the longest and (iii) the most pleasant to hear. .
The samthliewu is a small fungus that covers the body or branches of the coffee tree.
Raising the bill on the last day of the Mangtyngka Dorbar, the CEM of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the Bill has been sent to the Select Committee but after many meetings it has not been completed yet. Therefore, it is necessary to ask for more time to complete it.
The award ceremony will be held on the 12th of April at Nartiang.
But, unfortunately, we have been ruled by the Kumars," he said.
However, as soon as the MCC came into operation, the district authorities have ordered to remove all the photographs and thus it is now easier to travel.
Since 15.12.18, IOCL has provided 5.8 crore connections in the country and in Meghalaya, IOCL has provided 1,33,355 connections so far.
A penalty shootout was held to determine the winner of the match and in the second match, Mawlai scored 4 goals while PFR scored only 2 goals.
Nongstoiñ: Laban SC has qualified for the semi final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC).
Shillong: Dr Aman War, DHS (MI), today said that after three employees of the Secretariat tested positive, the health department has tested 56 people who were infected with the virus. High Risk Contact of these 3 persons and so far, 9 employees of the Secretariat have tested positive for Covid-1
He also expressed his hope to continue this achievement and continue the goal of protecting water, rivers and natural resources.
(vii) To clarify as said by Ma LG Shullai, 2001 (at the House of God) “We are one nation”.
AMEN.I have read many reports, articles and letters to the Editors of newspapers on the problems, fraud, fraud and fraud in relation to various levels of distribution. rice, sugar, atta, sharak and others to the ration consumers of different villages whether urban or rural.
Furthermore, it was said that there was no incident against the employees of the quarry except that the robbers stole the money.
We cannot say that it is through his selflessness and hard work that the Khasi Jaintia community has been reshaped and developed as it is today, said Bah Sumer.
LP School which provides education up to Class-IV. Students pass every year from this school but many of them cannot continue their studies because they cannot afford to go to other villages or cities. .
The Village Authority requests everyone to cooperate with the Village Authority and especially with the Government Authority during this time of curfew due to the threat of covid19 in the world, in order to avoid the threat with confidence. the spirit is in the Lord.
Besides the Sordar Shnong, the Hima Leaders were also present to witness the ceremony.
In a statement, NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa and General Secretary Sinam Prakash Singh said that the Indian government's action is a threat to the minorities in the North East due to its inability to The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 was recently introduced in the Rajya Sabha.
In addition, 1422 Shnongs have received complete households.
Besides, a mistake by Mawkhar goalkeeper Ban Shan Skhem Kharsyntiew who tried to pass the ball by heading to his goalkeeper but this gave the opponent a corner where Myrchiang managed to take the opportunity. to score the first goal for Ryntih.
Imarti Devi, Minister of Women and Child Development, Madhya Pradesh, said she found it difficult to read the written text. The letter was handed over to Bharat Yadav, Deputy Commissioner for reading the remaining letter.
Pool-F: Chilliang Raij, Southern SA, Northern and Southern.
Thabah said the KSU will take action on the matter and talk to the Prime Minister to look into it as soon as possible.
The Advocate-General also submitted a letter stating that the case has been taken over by Justice Katakey and any delays have been taken over by the State in terms of ferro-alloy factories, manufacturing factories. dewbilat and coal mining factories receive coal.
“If you look at other grades of teachers, the government has increased their salaries even though there are many of them and the cost it has to spend will be very high compared to what it will have to spend if it increases us. to the full deficit level.
From one day to the next, there are always events.
“According to a message sent by the General Secretary of the Union, Samla Paul Lyngdoh on the 10th of this month, regarding the opposition to the need for Adhar No. read the Govt.
“It's like time has stopped for a while and we're on a short holiday and now it's a great joy,” she said in a statement on a Swedish website.
He also alleged that this reveals the truth about the true nature of the Congress party, in which they work together with such political parties.
On this day, there will be a discussion on the topic, “Are the news the guardians of the nation”.
He fought against the Japanese troops in Madras and Chennai today.
“Opposition leaders including former Prime Minister Basavaraj Bommai and MLA R Ashoka have discussed their Bills,” Sivakumar said. contractor.
" said Mr. H.
All the ECs of KHADC, MDCs and staff of the District Council attended the meeting.
On the 25th, the arrested person was taken to the Court, where the Court gave five days to the police to investigate him. The police ordered him to take the firearm to the place where he had hidden the firearm and to Under his leadership, the police found the firearm which he had hidden in an unknown place in the Ranibari area.
The NCB has filed the case against Rhea Chakraborty, her brother Showik Chakraborty and others.
Laitumkhrah Police Station has registered a case against her under the IPC and MV Act.
(V) It is customary for a person to drink water before death.
He said foreigners cannot hold any government post for Indians.
In this regard, the deployment of CISF troops will be selected and arranged in consultation with Justice Katakey as well as the payment of compensation in agreement between the Central Government and the State Government.
These village leaders, with the intention of stopping the huri hura, but when they arrived, they were shot dead by a sdie on the Phawa Train.
Shillong, Lber 09: U TMC Leader and Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Friday said that the inability of non-BJP and NPP parties to form a government at this time. This is because of the increasing number of people by the BJP-NPP just to get numbers to form a government.
Swastic Chhetri scored 44 runs in the last ball of the day.
These leaders took this decision because of the behavior of the MLA/MDC to them and all the supporters as well as the people who need his services.
JOWAI: According to the rules and regulations of the Election Commission of India, all voters who have received their Electoral Photo Identity Card (EPIC) should bring them with them to the polling station. station on polling day.
The court also urged the Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum (MTDF), prominent figures in the community including those photographers to take action to assist the court in this regard.
May i know about your college library?.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Sein Kur Le Kyllung, (Rymbai, Najiar and Toi) on the 24th of this month celebrated its 50th Anniversary at KJP School Hall, Mission Compound with the participation of hundreds of people. The relatives and children of the deceased came together to celebrate this day.
This is something I didn’t know; I don't understand this.
“There are some problems that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma cannot direct the Prime Minister's Symbud RC Laloo to meet with them,” said Bah Nongsiang. go and talk to the CS on the orders of the Prime Minister.
There were also times when he visited the southern part of Sohra village where he could see the War area (Sohbar, Wahlong Mawlong, etc.).
As a teacher, she said that she has seen in Shillong the evils where children are being deceived and therefore she urged the students to avoid evils and should remember the hard work of their parents.
We also invite all the Advisors, Fathers, Sisters and Senior CYND Leaders to come and celebrate this day.
There was also a program of discussion between the farmers and officers and scientists from the KVK, Agriculture, Central Potato Research Station and CAU where the farmers were able to get clarification on various questions. different in relation to agriculture.
However, as the vendors, drug dealers and drug dealers have the same rights in the market as written or directed by the authorities of the market.
The year 1897 was the year when a strong earthquake struck while Rev. JJM Nichols Roy and his brother Prof. Rowland Roy Thomas were studying in their own village at Shella.
He will take this responsibility with the aim of providing fair services to the farmers and that they should receive all the schemes and benefits that the government has allocated for them.
The village leader said that in these days since the heavy rainfall, the residents of the area have faced many difficulties in coming and going.
“I would like to express my gratitude and congratulations to Mrs. Reliance Pyrngap, Lady Health Visitor from Sutnga CHC, East Jaintia Hills, for receiving the National Florence Nightingale Award.
According to Sanbor, the people in his constituency are now facing a big problem because of the MUDA's order that they must get permission from the MUDA before building houses.
This victory is also a sign of the successful career of the country's girls in esports.
The next day , the Central Executive Committee , President Lambokstar Marngar , General Secretary Donald Thabah and After being released from the court, the slogan of the KSU "Maitshaphrang Khlur ka Ri" was heard.
Shillong: This morning, 2nd July 2024, a traffic jam has occurred on Dawki Road after a round stone fell on the road along with the ground.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Idol Season-1 has started on 1st November 2018 by MUSO and the final will be held on 1st July 2019 at Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, July 11 : The residents of Nongtrai area, which includes more than 30 villages, have urged the health department of the state government and the minister in charge of health Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, to create the necessary facilities to upgrade the Umsohpieng Sub Centre.
The need to reward those who have lost elections and those who belong to the same political parties is because the leaders feel sorry for them or feel that they should be rewarded when they are in the same household.
Nelson Rymbai of Jaguar FC won the Best Player of the Tournament Award. In the MLA election 2023, that there are political parties which have put forward the issue of dividing the state into two parts, Garo and Khasi Jaintia.
In this regard, the relevant authorities, as expected, said that they will implement many measures, including inspections, training and awareness programs to the public and the provision of assistance and treatment to those who have become addicted to drugs.
Regarding the demand of the residents of War Jaintia area to take action against the Dhar Construction Company which they allegedly built the road torti after only 2 months of construction, the condition of the road. Prestone said that nothing can be said yet in this regard, but the work will be allowed to proceed and after receiving the reports, it will be decided. This is a road under the jurisdiction of the NHAI and does not fall under the jurisdiction of the State Government where the authority lies with the NHAI. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) for the purpose of advancing the peace talks.
“If we leave the border issue to the MDA government, perhaps the NDA leaders will reject our government which believes in what the Indian government decides.
“Before she left home, I told my sister to take care of herself when she stayed away from home and went with friends from Phudmuri,” she said.
This was announced at a meeting of the Regional Committee held today at Holy Cross Secondary School, Umkiang East Jaintia Hills under the chairmanship of the Chairman and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The union said that the police do not want to arrest the big ones while the small ones are arrested like a snowflake.
“According to the population of the State, we should produce about 32,000 metric tonnes of fish and therefore, there is a shortage of 13,000 metric tonnes,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: BSF troops have seized 113 cows which were smuggled across the border with Bangladesh.
On Tuesday, 14th, one of the villages in West Khasi Hills, which has suffered the tragedy of being raped by more than 22 children, has held a march ne a rally to punish the person who committed this crime.
The 82-year-old Pope lay on the carpet and put his hands on his head during the Good Friday service.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya in a letter to the Minister of AH & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek.
The event was enriched by the performances of Wahiajer, Ummulong and Mynsngat.
This may be due to various reasons including lack of evidence, insufficient investigation and so on.
On the other hand, the Lamphang said that the early convening of the Budget Session is due to the urgency of the Lok Sabha elections.
State-to-State firearms trafficking, smuggling, drug trafficking, terrorism, prostitution, counterfeiting, counterfeiting stamps and cross-State gangs, that is organized crime.
Therefore, you should avoid watching TV while you are exercising and instead you should focus on your muscles and listen to the movements of the muscles, adjust and stretch and in these ways it can increase the benefits.
Does anyone think about the risk factor of contractors and their employees?
After that, the four players came and started shooting, tied and bomb with coins and threw him out of the room.
Because even though we have traveled around the world, in the course of time we have to find out where our mother is.
This has stopped the vehicles coming from Shillong and Ri Bhoi for hours as some days the vehicles standing in line reach the View Point Mawïongrim and sometimes the vehicles coming from Mawïongrim Ri Bhoi had to stand in line to Lad Umsaw.
One of the robbers was seriously injured in the shooting of Pratap and is undergoing treatment in Sylhet, which can assist the army and police in investigating the incident.
The program will be implemented in 10 schools under Mawlai C&RD Block in East Khasi Hills District and the number of children who will benefit from this program will be 10,000 from Class I to V. The Child Development Program is expected to provide training to children in many areas such as health training, physical training or interest in sports among others.
He also announced the progress of the college through the introduction of a four-year Integrated Teacher Education Program (ITEP) course including B.A.B.Ed.
The first prize went to Dawadhok Pyngrope, the second prize went to Darimeka Mynsong, the third prize went to Conbestar Mynsong and the fourth prize went to Rahul Mynsong.
Shillong Lajong FC will prepare for their third home match against Gokulam Kerala FC on Sunday (19th) at the SSA Stadium at 2 pm.
“It's just a misunderstanding, I've talked to my father to donate, but my son has been forced by the police to file an FIR,” said the youth. Congratulations.
Bhutan captain Sonam Choden scored 10 goals in the first half while Sonam Lhamo and Choden scored 1 goal.
Referring to the progress of Assam in economic development and education since it has received Medical Colleges and Engineering Colleges, Mawrie said, “We too will look forward to these if the people allow and support us. BJP to form government"
Leaders of San Shnong including Ma P Dkhar President San Shnong, Tyrnit Pdein Secretary San Shnong, Wapung Shnong Kduplang Ryngkhlem, Pynthorsale Wahh Shnong Yooki Phawa and other dignitaries visited the temple. They expressed their concern over the JMB's negligence of the health of the residents.
According to BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh, MLAs from various parties have met with BJP leaders in Delhi and the BJP in Meghalaya will wait for the news from Delhi. do what is necessary.
She said that those who give money to the demands of the HNLC or the rebel groups will be punished according to the law, which means that all those who demand and those who give will be punished according to the law.
How can it work when there is not even an office and the land allocated by Western Ri Bhoi to build the office? Najim.
Besides, there is the Rambrai market which is held once a month as it is the center of the area where the people have to come every market day to provide for their household expenses.
The UN has ordered Israel to withdraw its plan to prevent the deaths of many civilians.
“We are ready to contest many candidates in the GHADC soon and we will contest with the NPP which is an ally of the NDA,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Other parties like the BJP, HSPDP, PDF which have been in synrop with the MDA government since the beginning, they too will have their own duty to express themselves in the upcoming elections, but as it is now and The NPP MLAs in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, as it is now, what they see and see is that the law for them is increasing. ten years' journey, they must not be stingy, they must work hard, and also take care of their own ship, lest there be a sheep's clothes, which will come out of the ship. The ship, which, when the time came for the real election, found that it had drowned in the middle of its journey. 36 people who The death toll from the disease has risen to 1578 in the state on Tuesday with one new case of COVID-19 confirmed.
He said that the Christmas Carols by private individuals, without any knowledge of the government churches, will not be allowed because these Christmas Carols by private individuals will not have any responsibility to follow them. Protocol and this can lead to disaster for everyone.
Yesterday, the High Court recalled that on May 4, 2023, it had directed the state government to answer why the court will continue to have to rely on government authorities and especially the police and why There is no need to bring in a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate illegal activities related to coal – from mining to use in illegal coal-burning factories and to exportation – especially It is clear that these activities are carried out by people in Assam.
However, Sonia Gandhi expressed her concern over the situation in the state and said that she will take the right decision at the right time.
This is in reply to a question by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah PT Sawkmie.
It was Messi's goal in the 54th minute that saved the match.
Sonali Mishra, ADG, BSF (Eastern Command) opened the tournament and the winners of the judo category were Sonali Mishrai from Gujrat and Jammu who came first and second.
The transformation of Tura into the capital will attract people or companies to set up businesses in Garo Hills and this will increase income for all.
The five members of the armed group came to Somsai village, Ukhrul district, Manipur on Saturday.
The ancients also followed and accepted the teachings of nature and thus counted and believed that October was the first month of the new year.
On this occasion, Bah Ardent also reminded the two political parties who have tried to mislead and confuse the people regarding the review of the Reservation Policy and said that he has not expect from such organizations to speak intimidation to the people of the state.
Shillong, Lber 1: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has strongly criticized the state government for not implementing the social peace agreement with the ANVC, by not providing any assistance to the members of the ANVC (B ) and the HNLC, have alleged that the prime minister has close ties with the members of the ANVC and it is on this basis that a social peace agreement will be signed between the government and the ANVC. Ajaju A Marak, Political Secretary of the ANVC(B), who was shot dead, told of the ANVC's relationship with the Prime Minister in November 2013 and the police killed him. , on July 11, 2014.
Shillong: Leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) in the state and President Conrad K Sangma will leave for Shella next month to campaign for the UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem. half term of Shella.
Tura, July 06 : A 21-year-old youth has been killed by a Hati in South Garo Hills while returning home from a funeral home in Alokpang, South Garo Hills on Monday night.
He was appointed as Air India coach for the first time in the 2010-11 I-League season.
He praised the implementation and construction of the Medical College in Nagaland.
He also expressed his appreciation to the District Sports Office under the Sports & Youth Affairs Department, to help encourage and guide, especially those who wish to train themselves in the field of sports, with the hope that The state will see many leaders in various fields in India and the world as well.
“We will continue the implementation in MP as we did in Karnataka,” Gandhi said in the presence of MPCC President Kamal Nath.
On the other hand, these villages, today expressed before their MLA the need to upgrade the Umroi Sub Center to a PHC, to support the demand of the SSUP, because according to the progress of the SSUP. for.
Various programs have been conducted across the country by various groups including Sports Promotions Boards, Khelo India Academy, State Level Khelo India Centres, SAI Centres, and others.
East Jaintia Hills District has also joined hands with the rest of the state to celebrate Meghalaya Day at the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District.
Computer-Beginner – Longmai Gashnga, Computer-Intermediate Janak Chetri, Computer – Accounting: Chiteej Kumar Ram and Laweibakordor Thongni, Database (Part I): Richard Dkhar, DTP – Mawanshwa Warjri, Web Designing – Deidaphi Kharmaw, Expert – Meba-ai Shisha Syiem, and the center has awarded mementos to these students and out of all the recipients, only Samla Ibansara Jyrwa has received a computer. skills are not enough.
The campaign will reach about 15 million people in India and will help provide information on how to prepare foods to prevent and control diabetes.
Through the availability of these new equipments, the hospital will help doctors to provide treatment for many diseases.
Therefore, the shortages in this sector have caused various problems faced by the people especially in the rural areas and this has improved the quality of life compared to other sectors. of the state and delays the speed of implementation in all sectors.
The total number of recoveries is 769 including 20 recoveries today. The number of samples tested is 72,409, the number of negative samples is 70,029 and the results are negative. There are 579 of them.
Nangtei Mulieh (31, 65) and Rima Lyngdoh (98) scored for the second half.
When asked by the school children where else they throw the garbage of the village, Bah Rishot Khongthohrem who was the coordinator of the cleanliness campaign in Mawlynnong said that the residents of Mawlynnong They didn't know how to separate between plastic and rotten waste even before the Municipal did that.
Rajnath Singh on Tuesday announced that he has resigned as BJP President and that Shah will take over from him. He has failed to honor the BJP in the last elections in Uttar Pradesh.
“I don't think these candidates have taken care of the issues of the people with disabilities in the State...sometimes I say why should I vote, they just provide me. only the polling station, but the problem I still face every day.
The Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma will look after the Finance, Planning and other departments which are not allocated to the Ministers, while the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong will look after the Finance, Planning and other departments. Road Construction Department, and he can look after the police department or this department can reach Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
“As soon as the incident occurred, we immediately informed the Umiam Police Station, so after joining hands with the police, we decided to go back to the scene and especially “It is necessary to go first to our fellow members, who have been injured after this incident,” said Bah Warlarpih.
There is also a place of sati (place of people) of the Dkhar seiñ.
However, MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said that the MPCC has not yet commented on the departure of Bah Lapang and will discuss the matter at the meeting. the day of blei.
When the boy was 10 years old he started getting paid and his sister also grew up.
However, we as a party don't allow him to rule because this is a democratic country,” he said.
It is not possible to spend money on such groups instead of paying salaries to those MLAs, MDCs who are current and defeated or politicians or members of political parties who hold the posts of Chairman, Co- Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Deputy Chairman and so on.
“The defeat of the Congress across the states of the country is not the end.
According to the ABS, the State Government will pay the same salary to the ASHAs per year.
On this occasion, the KSU Amlarem Circle invites all the Riew Rangbah who take care of the problems of the people who pass through this road which is the blood vessel of the Elaka.
In Meghalaya, this Act is known as the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014 and there have been several amendments to its provisions in 2019 and
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) today decided to appeal to the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the country. the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He was also a member of the Congregatio de Cultu Divino et Disciplina Sacramentorum.
How can it not be safe if there are 50 private vehicles going to school instead of only one bus to carry those 50 children? We don't have the right to criticize the government for the traffic jam if we don't come forward to cooperate.
The closing date for submission of application forms will be on or before 22nd April 2022.
Therefore, since we Khasi Khara give birth to a mother, the children of a Khasi mother whose father is Bihari, Nepali, Muslim and other ethnic groups, the children of these people will also have the shape of a tree and the character of their father, but the race of these children shall be that of their mothers, the Khasi Khara.
After several hearings, the Registrar of GIs in Chennai has issued a notice to issue GI Tag No. 741 to Lakadong shynrai from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills Districts. on November 29, 2023.
The film has already been certified by the CBFC Regional Office, Guwahati and is now waiting for a release date at Bijou Cinema Shillong in the coming days.
In addition, the Elaka has directed the various Dorbar Shongs to immediately announce these decisions of the Dorbar Elaka and to cooperate for the benefit of the Elaka as a whole.
“Where is Lydia ...?" he asked.
“And we are still waiting for a statement from them (HNLC) because the top leaders have not yet come to take part in the meeting.
Earlier, Meghalaya continued their first innings by scoring 46/3 in the morning, 94 runs behind Sikkim who scored 140 runs and lost all wickets on the same day.
Israel launched an airstrike on Gaza last night and at the same time called back 9,000 of its troops to work. the war began on the ground against Hamas.
“We will hold a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi in the coming days as part of our strong opposition to the release of entrance fees for believers,” he said. Manish Sahni of the party in Jammu & Kashmir told reporters.
After the Royal Challengers Bangalore's journey comes to an end in the IPL 2023, Kohli and Siraj will join the first squad.
From Bhoi, we have received shocking news that even the land that has been bought and cleared of dewbilat, there are illegal rich people who own the same land and sell it twice elsewhere, without the knowledge of them. nongkit kamshnong – it is impossible to imagine that the value of the nation has declined so much, that the knowledge has died.
He called upon the parents to discipline their children to live a good life.
