The reason for this is due to the severe shortage of piat in the country these days and this has continued for the past 10 months.
Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong, NPP leaders, have made it clear that the allegations are merely allegations that the elections are near and that the accused should provide evidence to confirm the allegations. .
Police request the family members and the public to come forward to identify the body.
The Odisha Fire Brigade has failed to pump water from a 500-metre area near the coal mine, which is believed to be another mine, which leaks water into the mine. coal.
A curfew has been imposed across the city from 4 pm to 5 pm tomorrow, said a statement from the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
Although I am the owner of the village who fulfills my duty as a citizen, I have not received any assistance yet.
“The people of the area should not allow the NPP to rule again and to succeed in Mawlai and in the state as a whole. NPP rule and it has been seen that their rule in the state is not enough.
He said that the incident occurred near the Rympei Arrupe Jesuit Novitiate which is a school for Catholic ministers. They had to go out to extinguish the fire because the fire had spread to their residence.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 886 with six new deaths on Tuesday.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the salary increase in the state is in accordance with the Pay Commission and this does not happen as often as in other jobs of the Government of India.
He said that women who are pregnant can also be injected when they have children.
Ma Sniawbhalang said that there are about 3-4 such mission houses which still have many shortcomings but this mission house is better than others which he has built. already seen.
Bah Bandary urged the district authorities and the state government not to temporarily ban the passage of overweight vehicles, while the newly constructed bridge cannot be completed. The collapse of the bridge will affect the people of Ri Bhoi West and the state as a whole.
Regarding the fertilizers, u Bah Shangpliang said that the department should take action to provide fertilizers for the farmers and if there is a shortage of fertilizers, the farmers should supply them. in writing to the DEO office or to the Horticulture Department and if the goods do not arrive it is the responsibility of the Minister of the department and also of the department to follow up on this matter and deliver the medicine to farmers.
He said the party will continue to monitor and will also meet with the government authorities to discuss the matter.
Juices are rich in Vitamins B and C, folic acids and other nutrients which help the hair follicles to open and hair to grow and develop properly.
“I believe that MePGCL will send experts to survey whether it is possible to operate small vehicles (from this old copper bridge), he said.
The program started with a presentation by Bah B Kharbisnop, Zonal Entomologist while Dr W. Sutnga, Infectious Disease Specialist, explained the diseases and symptoms of the disease. female anopheles mosquitoes, which carry the virus and others.
Manchester City have 35 points, Liverpool 33, Tottenham Hotspur 30 and Chelsea 28 points.
This illegal infiltration of the mynder has brought about the humiliation of the indigenous people in these hill areas.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 18: The place where the mawbynna has been erected near the floor of the Bhoi parking lot near the Traffic Point (Garikhana) has turned into a public garbage dump for many years.
Speaking at a meeting held at Mawlangwir Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District on the topic, “We need food, not tobacco”. Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District explained in detail about the laws relating to the use and sale of tobacco in order to curb the spread of tobacco consumption in the state.
On the other hand, the Kur has sent a letter of request to the KHADC on 13th March 2013 but the Kur has been ordered not to register in Meghalaya. Companies Registration Act.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Delhi Traffic Department to announce publicly that petrol vehicles over 15 years old and diesel vehicles over 10 years old they are no longer on the road.
(Plastic Free Zone Area).
If only 40 out of 100 villages, homes, schools and workplaces can be supplied with solar and wind electricity, it will be a great help.
A total of 73 participants took part in the tournament including cycles, non-gear scooties, 2 stroke bikes, 4 stroke bikes and jeeps (stock and modified).
Jerusalem is located in the mountains of Judea in the middle of the holy, the Promised Land, the Holy Land, since Abraham.
The death toll from the incident has risen to 20 after some of the injured died in the middle of treatment.
The candidate, who was also elected as the President of the NPP Nongkrem Block, said that there are many rich people but they don't have the rich spirit to give to those in need like a house. you're yours.
Have you, like the shepherds, who are busy building the house, forgotten the needs of the sheep? Isn't violence against women the responsibility of the nation? Why do we wait until the threats come to our villages, neighborhoods, homes? I can't just listen, women who are struggling in many areas.
Shillong, March 20: Mawlai Phudmuri, after 10 years and 10 months, has finally received its new Rangbah Shnong, Bah S.Khongkliam at a meeting held at the Mini Stadium, Phudmuri today.
The Office Memorandum issued on 25th November 1976 also explained that other Tribes/Castes have the right to exclude the 5% recruitment quota.
The match tomorrow will be between Jalapang FC Wahïajer and Ïatyllilang FC Wapung at 12 noon, while the second match will be between Seinpynbhalang Sahsniang and Mukhla Mission at 2 pm. .
In his speech as the chief guest, Bah DD Lapang referred to the life of William Carey who was not only a farmer but rose to the rank of a great man.
The Kur Warjri led by its President, Bah DL Warjri, Sunshine Warjri together with senior members, Bah Rudy Warjri and Bah Raphael Warjri on the 19th visited the Kur Warjri to witness the works. Good luck to the family along with the donation, encourages and blesses them to be well.
There was also traditional music and dance, a drill by the students and a special song by the teachers.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrived in India on Tuesday for the G20 summit.
Manipur, on the other hand, faced some difficulties in the first few overs and the players of the team had to defend themselves from the balls of Angkit Tamang (1/52) and Shavian (1/52). 5/65).
On the same day, besides accepting and announcing that Evarist Marsing, it was seen that many supporters of Evarist Marsing, who joined the BJP and decided to support him. The 2023 election will be held in Mawhati.
" UnquoteTherefore, the Chief Minister's statement is not clear whether it is true or not, but there is something behind this incident. Home Minister and Prime Minister) to remove the Khasi and Jaintia Hills from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873 and that they had promised to delete but it has not happened.
According to the fixtures, three matches of Shillong Lajong will be played here at the First Ground of the Shillong Sports Association at Polo, Shillong.
Let us take the example of football, the most popular sport in the State, it is the dedication and hard work of the private sector which has promoted football despite many shortcomings and challenges.
I will rest first and I will prepare well,” said Bachchan, who is now 75 years old.
It is a ploy by the Prime Minister and the NPP to show that they are not against Christians even if they have a close relationship with the BJP. medium.
Thus, with their courage and bravery, the struggle lasted for many years and finally they won the victory in which all the drug dealers and drug dealers were completely extinct for more than three decades. To date, the Markasa market is one of the most peaceful and peaceful markets in the country.
U Bah WF Lyngkhoi, former President of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawten in his speech recalled that the Seng Samla Shnong Mawten was established in 1997 through the initiative and advice of one of the elders of the village who He was also the Secretary of the Village at that time.
Hundreds of seabirds have reportedly died off the coast of Uruguay in recent months due to the outbreak of bird flu in the area.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah SD Khongwir said that he entered politics with the encouragement of his husband.
Jowai, Nailur : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced the release of AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA rice for the month of July 2023 to all wholesalers for delivery. to FPS centers from 12th to 16th of this month.
“The clear picture will be revealed tomorrow after the meeting,” said the UDP spokesperson. Earlier, three HSPDP MDCs withdrew their support from the Congress party. in KHADC after they admitted that they had been issued with an Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Shillong, July 05: The Government is preparing to amend the Meghalaya Lokayukta Amendment Act, 2013, to bring it into line with the Lokayukta Act, 2013 of the Central Government.
When we examine the rules in all aspects, it is clear that it is the right of the voters whether or not to elect the Nongmihkhmat to the Legislative Assembly.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh, said that there have been thorough discussions with the government and many parties to ensure that those involved in the bloodshed will be punished.
He said that the distribution of various seeds by the ICAR department such as jhur seeds, flower seeds and others is of no benefit if cultivated and developed even if the market is sufficient, but if There is no proper road in the village and the transportation fee is not available.
The team was led by Christstar Sangma after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies.
It provides assurance to the poor and families in need that they are protected from illness and the cost of living when they get sick.
The fight against uranium mining has been going on for a long time.
Shillong, June 4: Five members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have been arrested by the police this morning for going to Lumshyiap to collect Labor License from foreigners.
Furthermore, all shops in these two villages will be closed and offices will be closed except Mairang Police Station, Mairang.
Ma Lop Khonglah, President of KSU War Jaintia Circle, said that the KSU would like to thank all those who participated in this program especially the parents of the students and all those who supported the programme. organization to make this program a success.
According to police, Aniket is a resident of Tinsukia district.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has urged the people who are in difficulty to get a place for quarantine to come forward and call to give them space.
In 2019, the NPP had supported the UDP candidate, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, but he did not reach the goal.
There are 544 students who have received their degrees.
The United Nations says that every year, 13 million people die from natural disasters, whether it is heat waves or floods or lack of water. bam you drink.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, will leave for Delhi next month to seek another opportunity to meet Amit Shah to discuss the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP). the State.
Shillong, November 23: The Nongsynrieh Youth Assembly, Shillong Branch will hold a fresher meet on the 27th November, 2014 at Jaiaw Higher Secondary School, at 1 pm.
Whoever went wrong went into the forest.
“I will build thee again, and thou shalt be that which thou hast built, O THEISOTTI ISRAEL
Sanbor said that in a meeting with Ernest Mawrie, Mawrie said that he has already spoken to several former presidents of the party and has registered for the ticket. Sanbor said he will meet with Hek to discuss the need to unite to support and get ticket for Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh. Nonglait because she has been campaigning for elections around the country for almost a year.
“We need rain to generate electricity but the government will continue to try to find other ways to help to solve this problem,” he added.
The candidates include Comingone Ymbon of the NPP, Lakhon Biam of the BJP, J. Treilang Suchiang of the UDP, Richard Singh Lyngdoh of the INC, Robinus Syngkon of the TMC and Shemhok Garod of the PDF. There are 38,563 Voters and there shall be no less than 500 Additional Voters.
If the end-use as export, the limestone mined will be regarded as a major mineral and a completely deference license and control regime has to be adopted for such purpose.
Meanwhile, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the evacuation of the people living in the metor area should be successful.
If the reading is only within the scope of the Bible verse and the Temple courtyard then it ends here.
And now the country is in trouble because of it," he added.
It was during his tenure as MLA that he followed up on this water distribution scheme and after discussions, an allocation of T.5.92 crore was received to provide water to 12,000 residents. the allocation was received in 2017 he added.
After the raid on his house in Tura, Bernard, also known as Rimpu, disappeared on the grounds that he was afraid of being shot dead by the police. Police have arrested him from Uttar Pradesh and after bringing him to Tura, the court has remanded him in police custody for eight days and has now released him for another six days.
The Shadap Manar Kur Seng on 27th November held a Kur Dorbar and at the same time celebrated its Silver Jubilee at Barato West Jaintia Hills.
Mr. George is one of the most prominent and skilled in the debates in the Assembly and even in the work outside the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: To encourage and encourage people to report any incident to the police, the office of the SP of East Khasi Hills today awarded two people who helped to provide information to the police to arrest the perpetrators.
The Superintendent of Police, Shillong, on Tuesday said that they have received a tip that an LP truck (ML05 G 9528) was driven by Yomiki Kharshandi, 20 years old. Together with 12 cows, it left Pynursla for Laitlyngkot after it broke down at Langkyrdem and was repaired at this place.
“Oh! "It's still time," said the father to his mother, who hadn't woken up at 9:00 o'clock. immediately and gave tiffin.
Initially, these elders faced many difficulties and confusion, especially when they were uneducated and did not have anything.
In November 1995, he took over as Minister of Information and Broadcasting.
Collin WanñiangIn Khasi, if you say "Doubt" you mean "Bymthikhna"
It will continue until 5pm on the 10th of January and the rules and regulations laid down earlier will remain in force.
During the rally, with songs and shouts, the leaders of HITO laid flowers at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at the State Central Library, as well as at the two freedom fighters. against the British government, Tirot Singh, the king of the 15th Hima, and PA Togan Sangma, the freedom fighter of the Garo people.
As a reminder, Samla Shlurbha KhaÏi on 29th October 2020 has created a way how to make it easier for people to get help in times of emergency in connection with the loss of their loved ones. light, especially during the lockdown in
More respectable homes should be sought.
We believe that the poor villagers are more encouraged to participate in the trials according to the customs and traditions of the Sardars, Nokma and Lasker,” said the Nokma group.
“Doctors have informed that the disease has affected 63 villages in South West Khasi Hills District and 5 cows have died from the disease. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong, 14: The supply of foreign traders in each village such as shylliah, kombor, shet tiar tiew, clothes and others, has increased. it is a work that does not fall.
They especially stressed the benefits of this subject to bring to the students and their daily lives.
A closer look at these data shows that out of the total 33,348 cases under sections 3 and 5 of the Act, 99% (33,036) of the cases involved girls.
Shillong: The Sohra area can be said to be a good area to attract tourists in the state.
At the meeting, the district authorities allowed four speakers to appear on both sides. On the part of the group who want to join South West Khasi, PK Bani, PK Bani, P Lyngkhoi, B Nonglang and Sandy Marthong while from the group who wanted to join West Khasi Hills, Franklin M Lyngdoh, P Thongni, S Thongni and Roshem Marthong came forward.
She cried and didn't want to touch her child's body.
This is an internal matter of Manipur and it is up to the state government and the central government to decide.
Shillong, Lber 4: U Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu, President of Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday congratulated the Minister in charge of Rural Development, Abu Taher Mandal and the government for listening to the request of the HSPDP party to implement the Lumshnong Community and Rural Development Block.
Jagpal Singh said that the police have arrested a drug trafficker in Kongong through a follow-up on information received from the intelligence agencies.
I don't have to worry about all these things.
Kalita has stolen a large amount of gold from smugglers in the past few months.
The DC said that this disease affects everyone, no one is free, no one is rich, no one is poor.
Meanwhile, the Director of Health Services, Dr A War, said that the spread of false news has caused panic among the people.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Deputy Commissioner's office, u Bah Jylliewsingh said that there are three schools where the residents have complained and they are not satisfied if the government leaves it alone. without investigation.
The tournament which started from 3rd to 8th March 2022 was organized by the Garo Hills Chess Association (GHCA) in collaboration with the District Administration of West Garo Hills. and the Meghalaya Chess Association, Shillong.
The President of KSU SWK, Bah Kitboklang Syiemlieh, said that the road has been abandoned for five years and the people have faced many problems and it is until this time that they have been able to achieve their goals. yours.
When we turn back to the family, there are children and the word is KTI. Thus we get CHILDREN OF HANDS, CHILDREN. Then the children of the HAJAR, of these kingdoms, who are the owners of the kingdoms, the owners of the kingdoms.
According to reports, the farmers filled the entire hall of the Convention Centre.
Likewise, all the owners/residents of the nine villages, including Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wahdienglieng, who were elected in the first round. to register yourself in the App through url which can be done through PC, Laptop, Tablet and Smart Phone.
One of the leaders of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, Dr DRL Nonglait, said that this incident is a very sad incident for the family members especially for the mother.
The union has lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills and demanded that he should take immediate action to ensure that there will be no danger to the passengers and vehicles passing through the road near the police station. .
“When we look at the past we feel that we have done a lot but if we look at the future we have to do more,” he said.
The Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong, has 42 beds, but now only two beds are left.
The reason why the Commission has removed the university from its list is because the university is not functioning or does not exist at all.
“This will help a lot to the people and also to the villages because many times we have witnessed the violence against the illegal people living in this area and through the presence of the Seng Samla Shnong. “It will help the community in any way,” said Bah James Sylliang while speaking at the meeting.
Shillong: The minimum temperature in Umiam today reached 32.0 degrees Celsius, making it one of the hottest days in the area and perhaps in Ri Bhoi as well.
New Delhi: U Nitin Gadkari, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today criticized why there is no need for a single country for Hindus.
The fact is that besides the Dravidians, the Khasi-Mundas are the oldest people in India and are the indigenous peoples.
Shillong, June 08: The Seng Khasi Kmie has prepared well to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem 2022 from the 9th to the 11th of this month. June 2022 at Weiking Square, Jaipur.
The statement said that this is a decision to protest, the statement said that the decision was taken because it is an unfounded allegation against the sordar and that the rights of the people have been violated. The residents of Raid Tynring have been destroyed without counting the number of people.
Initially, this group has decided to collect the used clothes from their homes, but not the worn ones, they should be given those that are still usable and good,” said Riquoma Rq. .Moreover.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 25: The HSPDP Mawshynrut constituency has become stronger and more encouraged with the participation of the people from all over the country.
The state government has set up this committee to expedite the proposal to include the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.
The spouses and children of these public servants or government employees will also fall under the Act in which they will have to declare their assets.
On the other hand, the BJP Meghalaya has also raised and expressed its own issues related to the people of the state.
Many of the speakers said that they have never witnessed such an election rally which is also the first time this year that the people have come in thousands to support the filling of the election. meeting places from the Ïawpynsiñ area and to the road area.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh, in collaboration with the KSU, have demanded that the government should immediately remove the Forest Beat House to avoid any incident in the future.
Skyfall, released in 2012, is one of the most popular James Bond films and is also a blockbuster film.
The BJP, Congress and UDP leaders have also given hope to the NPP candidate, after they have decided to work hard for the election campaign. NPP in Jirang Constituency.
Payal and the killer used to meet at the court in Surajpur, as she used to patrol there.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah CB Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Umbuda and Chairman of Nongpoh Town Committee, said that the government's delay in implementing these poor houses has affected not only the leaders. Nongpoh, but what is very sad is for the residents, because from time to time many of the residents of Nongpoh area, have come to complain to the leaders for the sake of living in these houses built by the government.
In the past year, many colorful events have been held to celebrate and promote the traditional talents of the children and youth of the Kur Warjri.
The new office bearers of the department include Armstrong L Nonglait as Adviser, Gilvert Nongkseh as President, Raymon Nongsiej as General Secretary, Donbok Iawphniaw as Organizing Secretary and Derik Albert Iawphniaw as Publicity. Secretary and other office bearers besides members.
The police cannot interfere especially in the place of women.
The number of drug addicts has reached 2 lakh and a half in the past three years and the government is now preparing to get a new census in which all the de-addiction centers will be built to avoid the same number of drug addicts. name.
“The intention may be good, but it will be enough if we look into it because the 1000 tyngka is only for women, if it is in this form why don't they give why do they leave the farmers to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet?
The ILP does not appear in the Constitution (COI).
Although we feel we are giving everything we have.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmali on Thursday urged all the households and residents of East Jaintia Hills District to buy the agricultural products grown and produced by the farmers of the area to help the farmers. Kharmalki said that all households can call for the delivery of household items such as jhur, soh ki pai, pylleng, milk, meat, fish from registered farmers and entrepreneurs. and the 1917 iTEAMS network and NARI Fresh.
He said the Meghalaya government has set a deadline of 10 months for the payment of the money to the affected land owners for the construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Tamabil.
“Why do they blame the Christian church leaders and the Christian people in Garo Hills, you think the Christians in Garo Hills are stupid, they have seen what happened in Manipur, also in India, we don't need to teach them, we are going to ask for blessings, we don't lead astray and we can't lead astray, they knew how and whom to choose.
Speaking on the allegations that KHNAM's support for the PDF is like supporting the MDCs who have fled from the PDF, namely Latiplang Kharkongor and Process T Sawkmie, Adelbert said, “The support for Bah Pynshngaiñ is not the support for Bah Process or Bah Latip but it is because we support the issue of the jaitbynriew, we don't want any politicians in the PDF. " he said.
“We have decided to write a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State regarding this issue and also on the violation of Section 144 CrPC in Mynkjai.
It is clear that a non-tribal who has illegally purchased land in Meghalaya cannot be a citizen who cannot vote through Adult Suffrage.
When you left us, Here on earth; Now how happy we are, Together with our mother.
When asked what makes him confident about the victory of the NPP, Sangma said, “The NPP is a national party and you have seen the working methods of the MDA 1 government in the last five years. The presence of MLAs in this election shows the love and trust of the people for the NPP.” He added that the NPP is the right party to lead for the North East in the House of Representatives passes the law.
In this film, Sanjana Sanghi is the soul.
The two dead included UN Sarkar Sub Inspector and Arup Saini, a farmer.
To speak, we need to know where the money will come from and how the Government will talk to the teachers because there is no intention to increase the salary now but you haven't received it for five years.
Therefore, those MPs from small parties or MPs without parties have less time.
The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) will soon hold the U-20 Fourth Division Football League Tournament 2023 which will start from 3rd November
““Three days have passed, and it (the Government) has not been able to do anything.
Mumbaikars often say that railway lines, are their life lines.
As part of the programme, a discussion was also held led by Phindarilyne Lyndem.
The abductee is from the Indian border in Upper Siang district.
Worldwide, the number of cases has reached 3 million and the death toll has reached 2 lakh.
Therefore, the bookies of Shillong have praised the government for not renewing the license of KHASI. They also request the government to cancel the rent agreement because many shopkeepers do not work. They are afraid that they will not be able to evict them if they need themselves later, and also to the shops which are located on the footpath where they will not get a rent agreement.
Also present at the launch of the 108th Ambulance were the District Medical and Health Officer, Dr.M.Syiemlieh, the Sordar of Raid Kyrdem, Bah P.Makdoh, Dr.R.Mark, staff of EMRI and PHC and included the village leaders and residents of Raid Madan Kyrdem.
The Minister of Power has promised that all 772 personnel will be appointed within a year.
Expressing her commitment to the development of women, she said that the availability of various programs that allow women to participate will help in the fight against violence.
JOWAI: The Border Security Force (BSF) from East and West Jaintia Hills Districts have seized 569 cows from East and West Jaintia Hills districts.
In fact, in their meeting with the Minister in June this year, he said that the resolution for the examination for these 180 posts has been prepared and is on the table. his.
The selection will be held on 11th July 2022 at the Indoor Sports Hall, Mawlai Mawroh.
Besides the insults, the contractors have also been insulted by the increase in the price of commodities and it is the duty of the government to take measures to resolve this through the Public Distribution System. part of the Food Security Act.
Now most of the Khasi-Jaintia people go to Calcutta.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The CORP Jirang Circle under the leadership of Bah O Lyngdoh today found that the Asst.Manager of SBI Patharkhmah Branch, P.Rabha, has been arrested. work.
The four houses belonging to Kong Baiahunlang Mylliemngap, which were damaged by the blast, belonged to Kong Baiahunlang Mylliemngap. and amounting to tens of millions of dollars.
Shillong, July 06: U Bah Anjelus Mawlong has lodged a complaint with the Police Station that on the 1st of this month at 2 pm, unidentified robbers robbed a house. T.1.5 lakh and other items from his house at Umsohlang Umsning, Ribhoi District.
Meghalaya won three gold medals in the 50m Rifle Prone Individual, Banrilang Bleine and Rajdeep Ghosh in the 50m Rifle Prone Men's Team Event; Anjali Singh, Veronica Buhroy and Amalisha N Sangma won the 50m Rifle Prone Women's Team Championship.
The BJP is using all its tricks and resources.
Upper Shillong is one of the places that is known as the hotbed of traffic jam, because if you stay blocked in these areas it will take many hours to reach Shillong.
MeECL should have thought more for the benefit of the people.
Regarding the CAA (CAB), the Government of India has agreed to exempt the ILP and 6th Schedule states from the Act.
Looking back on the past years, from 1978 to 185-86, those who passed matriculation from Pynursla C&RD Block did not exceed 30 students per year, those who passed degree from Pynursla C&RD Block did not exceed 20 students per year. and he remembers that in such years, whoever passes the degree, the parents hold a feast for a month for the child who has passed the degree.
As part of the training to ASHA and Anganwadi workers on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, the Composite Regional Center for Skill Development, Rehabilitation and Empowerment of Persons With Disabilities, Shillong (CRC-Shillong) which is one of the agencies of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India in collaboration with the State Resource Center for Disability Affairs, the Commissioner of Persons with Disabilities and others. The Social Welfare Department and the Health Department of the State Government today conducted a training and explanation program on the 'Disability and Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act' at Tirot Sing Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. .
Therefore, in order to avoid any confusion, do not fight on the 2nd after the results.
In this government, the UDP has joined the NPP and other parties in the MDA-1 in
In a letter sent to the Executive Secretaries and Directors of the Baptist Associations, NBCC General Secretary Zelhou Keyho said, “I am writing this letter with regret over the incident. religion, known as the Church of Almighty God from China, when it entered our country.
We have already agreed to them.
Speaking to media, Fr. Pascal Lyngdoh said that the cleaning of the church was conducted in collaboration with the Professional Sanitization Services. This group will last up to 90 days through the use of new drugs and techniques.
They stayed there as long as the Lord allowed them to stay.
With this victory at the district level, North Liberty HSS and RC Eve SS are now ready to represent West Jaintia Hills at the state level.
“I have worked here at the Museum for 12 years and this visit of Dr. Kalam has been a great part of my life and I will always remember this day,” he said.
Speaking at the 20th Annual Conference of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) Conference on Saturday, the Minister said that there are about 10,000 passengers every month, and Shillong airport is the largest airport in the country. which connects directly to Delhi, Kolkata, Aizawl, Agartala, Imphal, Dimapur, Dibrugarh and Guwahati.
If we talk to the kharïong, it is the same and the kharïong is the same.
Rio said he was saddened by the violence and the loss of many lives as well as the damage to property in the neighboring state.
Deep sorrow has overwhelmed everyone for the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at his home on the night before dawn on the 13th of July
Some say, “We have not seen God, but we have seen our religious teachers with our own eyes.
They also met with the Chief Secretary of the state, Bah PBO Warjri to urge him to stop the transfer of officers from the district.
The Screening Test for the participants will be held on the 9th June 2022 from 10 pm at the office of the DSO, East Khasi Hills District.
He said that the three robbers had treated the girl without any respect.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will soon start auctioning 2 lakh MT of coal through Coal India Limited (CIL).
Referring to the government's decision to appoint those who have completed the IRTS as Commissioner & Secretary in-charge of PHE, the Minister said that in fact the officers of the department have to hold this position in accordance with the provisions of the All India Service Rules.
He said that another issue he has raised in the Executive Dorbar is that if the two Syiems do not want to approve it, they should release these 71 villages from both the villages. Syiem, to give them their own new Sirdar Ship or Lyngdohship, so that they may elect their own Headquarters of the Hima and elect their own Governor, to conduct all their own affairs in relation to the Hima. synshr hima, village administration, township administration and other duties.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shillong Mihngi Circle, Shillong Mihngi Circle, has expressed its regret over the incident which happened on 26th June inside Umkdait village, Nongmensong where the residents of this village came forward to demand help through placards and slogans.
Furthermore, the union said that there was also an incident of migration in 2004 in which the Pnars managed to flee to Sahsniang Laskeiñ C&RD Block West Jaintia Hills District to escape the Karbi forests.
Conrad K Sangma in his speech said the government has worked for the welfare of the people in the last three and a half years.
He said that the approval of Dr. Mukul Sangma to set up the High Level Committee (HLC) is only to stabilize the elections as the elections are approaching, but he has no intention of setting up the High Level Committee (HLC). Expressing his regret over the statement of the Prime Minister who has blocked the door to call for talks and not to implement the ILP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, This Chief Minister (CM) who does not listen to the voice of the people and acts on his own will needs to be forced more to be heard.
The National Climate Center said in a statement that on Tuesday, a typhoon in eastern China, including the Tibetan Plateau, severely affected these areas.
He also reminded that the objective of this committee is that as it is known, the Khasi Hills has its own Hima, Elaka and Sirdarships from the country. From the Khasi Hills to the Pnar Hills, including the Doloi, Syiems and indigenous rulers who ruled in their own kingdoms.
Shillong: After the complaint of the residents of the area that they used to go to the nearest market in the villages in East Garo Hills, but they have to walk on the dirt road and the The bridge in East Garo Hills, Nengkram, Mangsang (Bamil), Rongjeng (East Garo Hills) has been carried by a man to pass through. the bridge is not made of wood.
The time has come to surprise the people to remove this problem to avoid the congestion in the market with the cooperation of all, by informing even the market stairs that the Seiñ Raij has given them land but These vendors sell their goods on the sidewalks and it was witnessed that parts of the court were filled with second hand clothes vendors.
Praising the MLCU's initiative, the students of CMI University expressed their concern that they will have to pay more than they have spent at CMJ University.
As one of the former police chiefs, he said that the case of Bernard Marak, they want Bernard to stay in jail, as many previous cases have been brought back after his arrest.
We don't have to worry about wealth.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Three residents of Thang Money village near Smit in Nongkrem constituency who are accused of murder have been banned from voting by the Sordar of Nongkrem constituency.
In addition, it was felt that the Government should have set up Regulated Markets in the villages in the outskirts to reduce the influx of people from the outskirts of Shillong to reduce the number of people living in the area. traffic jam in Sor.
(i), (iv) and (vi), the District and Session Judges of the districts have been directed to submit reports regarding the cases pending in their respective offices.
There was also a meeting of the leaders in the 14th Chamber of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 8th October 1978 in the presence of the Church Leaders, Rev Fr.Sngi Lyngdoh and Rev W.Manners, who were as overseers on behalf of the people and who also gave words of encouragement and prayer for the good of the work.
Let us examine our own ideas.
In the previous leg of the tournament in Delhi, Ronaldo made history in the country by becoming the country's first cyclist to win a silver medal. by coming second in the Senior category.
“We have convened this meeting after seeing the behavior of the Governor, who has delayed the signing of the MRSSA because there is a strong pressure from foreigners, he has rejected the Administrator Rule in KHADC. “We have seen what the government has sent,” said Bah Shylla.
Shillong: The General Manager of NHIDCL, Ashish Shukla, today said that the repair of the damaged areas of the NH44 will take time as the tender has not been called yet.
Khliehriat MLA from the UDP, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, has announced that a public meeting will be held in July to hear the voice of the people of East Jaintia Hills regarding the Government's plan to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills. Meghalaya.
To solve the problem, the doctors have performed peritoneal dialysis after talking to the parents of the child who does not have such a treatment facility at the hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Speaking to Rupang on the drafting of an interim law by the state government for Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bindo M Lanong, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said, “ He said that on 4th October 2015, a committee headed by Bah DD Lapang was set up to form an Ordinance. “The committee has not met at all for more than two months,” he said. “The committee has not met for more than two months,” he said. The District Council Act, the Village Administration Bill (VAB), has been repealed.
On the victory of the Congress in Shillong, Dr Mukul said the victory was because the people wanted the Congress to protect them.
Ribalskhem Nongkynrih, brother of Bah Roning Nongkynrih, who was sitting inside the truck, escaped with the blood of his brother on his face. The Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Central Circle has held a public meeting at Pynursla on Tuesday demanding the immediate arrest of the BSF troops. who are involved in this process.
At the same time, it is also up to the Ministry of Education, before it closes down these schools, to remember, whether these schools, have been held for decades or hundreds of years, in these places. They have or mean that if they had fallen 20 or 30 years ago, why now they have fallen suddenly and there must be a reason and the main reason is the stinginess of the education department, because it has allow teachers to do what they want.
He said that Modi in every Cabinet meeting always talks about issues related to the North East and personally monitors issues related to the region.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya government today signed a contract with NTPC in Delhi to avoid electricity shortage.
Regarding the impact of tourism, Bah Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister in charge of Tourism, said, “What has happened is only a shock in this once-in-a-lifetime incident. and it wasn't what made it big".
Tomorrow, those who have moved to New Shillong will have to return to the old Shillong just because of the lack of drinking water.
“I have been entrusted with the task by Nalin Kohli and Ram Madhav to persuade the leading sitting MLAs to join the BJP before the 2018 elections and I have dedicated my body and soul according to my limited capacity. Four Sitting MLAs including Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek, Robinius Syngkon and Justin Dkhar have joined the BJP. “I have to resign from the party,” said Bah Lyngdoh in a letter sent to the State President of the BJP. shim this is the decision.
This call has been spread widely through the newspapers and media and even at meetings to explain to the public and to prove that the RI KHASI JAIÑTIA is only “BRI”.
“There are two reasons why the Congress will win the election, one is that Bah Samlin Malngiang, who won the last election from the HSPDP, has won the election. leave the party and contest from the NPP, the party which the people have opposed”.
“If the district authorities don't do what is necessary, every month, every month we will show that if others can stay here illegally, we too will have to stay illegally here. land of the Government," he said.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma today issued a decision to recognize Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA Congress from Mylliem as the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly.
In his speech, the Chairman, Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, explained in detail the challenges faced by the party less traditional governments and the party based governments. party based and party based, under the jurisdiction of the Sixth Schedule.
“After we came to inspect we have already set the date but for unavoidable reasons because we are working with the state government so we have postponed it to 01, 02 and 03rd June,” said the CEM of KHADC. talk to the media.
Meghalaya became more encouraged after Fullmoon Mukhim, who is also the captain, returned to the final.
VDP Mookympad President Wa-oo Supooh has condemned the statement of Forgive Dkhar that the children of Sutnga Elaka did not get permission from the DC before holding the rally. or permission to bring these persons from abroad to the offices or departments concerned.
This program has exceeded expectations and has encouraged more teachers from outside Meghshala to participate in this programme. to those who do not have a share.
“This new machine, which implements the Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT), will display 7 seconds on the screen to ensure that the voter knows who he or she is voting for and in what form,” said the Chief Electoral Officer. Election Officer Frederick R Kharkongor while speaking at a training for officers, political parties and journalists held at the DC Shillong office today.
As the land belongs to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed on 30th June, 2013 between the GHADC and the Government of Meghalaya.
The union also sued the government to fill the vacancies in various departments of the state government.
Roshan Warjri also expressed her appreciation for the initiative of Dr Mukul Sangma who promised to help and now it has come true.
The UDP is still strong as the days go by, which is why the people of Sohiong support the UDP candidate to win.
Speaking to media, Bah Sadon said, “If the government lifts the charges and forgives the actions of the members of the party, there is a chance that the peace talks will continue. “It's not like the HNLC has proposed this, so we don't hope that the talks will continue but otherwise, the talks have ended”.
He said that many fellow countrymen are afraid of change, and changes in dress code alone are not real changes.
“This current arrangement, when it comes to the Government, we are still firmly committed and we have all decided, we will complete the term from 2023 to
(3) Forced teachers:- Such teachers are teachers who do not have the skills to teach, do not have the intention to teach and do not like to be teachers.
Prestone was speaking on the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court which has ordered that the Shillong-Dawki road should be completed properly. other projects facing similar challenges.
During the inspection, the union found three trucks loaded with cows and muid which were intended to be sold to Bangladesh without proper documents.
Another sheep, which came second in the sale, was Hexel Django, which was sold for £68,000 or T.77,52,0
He said that his thanks go to his parents who have fought hard to ensure that he will reap the fruits of victory.
“But I don't tell you everything because we haven't moved on to the second part of the talks,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that the power outage in the area was caused by a truck carrying excessive amount of rnga, which collided with the electricity signs and electricity posts at Rajabagan and Since that day, until now, these villages have not received electricity.
In addition, MEPA has also received complaints that some YouTubers have posted 'Press' signs on their vehicles.
The Reliance Foundation aims to invest in the development of youth sports talent in the North East.
Regarding the traffic, the order from the DC's office explained that vehicles from private to public vehicles should travel according to the rules issued recently.
I am very sorry for the loss of my child's life, but we will continue to have confidence in our hospital.
For example, why do other nations, while fighting and demanding their rights, get them? The reason is that they have lost their own soul and their joint promise has raised the cause for their own country or for their own Muluk.
This comes after they beat Afghanistan by eight wickets on Tuesday in Delhi.
“Such maintenance works have to go through various departments which has delayed the work.
The Act was passed by the KHADC on 2nd October 2021 and received the approval of the Governor on 26th November
In the innings, Meghalaya scored 203 runs for the loss of two wickets before ending the day in 58 overs.
The meeting also held a two minute silence in memory of Syiem U Tirot Singh.
He said that the State Government has already received the Geographical Identification (GI) for this variety and has completed the Organic Confirmation Test last month. in the city of Bangalore.
Human wastewater is said to contain 96 percent phosphorus and 85 percent nitrogen and is a very strong fertilizer, which is equivalent to 90 percent irrigation for vegetables, said scientists. of IIT Madras.
One child was on his right and the other on his left.
These office bearers include Waheh Shnong Bah Deibor Suchiang, Assistant Waheh Shnong: Dilious Lyngdoh, General Secretary John Pala, Assistant Secretary Arky Lamare, Treasurer Leborlang Lyngdoh, Auditor Jewelson Rymbai and Bah Damepyrkhat Dhar.
It is to be recalled that Kerala still holds the title, having won the title in the 2021-22 tournament.
He said that only those who cannot afford to return to the state can return to the state once the central government has allowed trains or ships to operate.
Dean of Students' Welfare, NEHU, Prof.S.Umdor, Assistant Director of Sports, N.Das, Principal of BBS College and President, Meghalaya Football Players Association, Bah C.Nongrum were also present.
He said that there are about 4,000 members of the party and they have written to the prime minister to inform them about their problems and to demand a special place for them. .
Members of the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT), DIETs and school teachers from all over the country participated in the five-day training.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya said that many MLAs from various parties including the Congress have sent messages to him that they want to meet Amit Shah during his visit to Shillong.
“I myself have never gone to tution in my education, from class A to master degree I have always studied and I believe those who don't have the opportunity to go to tution if they use this book they will understand. and skilled as those who go to tution,” he said.
In recent days, Gokhale admitted that he had found out the truth through the RTI Act that the National People's Party (NPP) led by the MDA government had violated the Supreme Court. because she did not account for her expenses, which she incurred for the 2018 MLA elections.
Slipknot will be accompanied by Bleed From Within.
Referring to the hospital, Conrad K. Sangma said that it deserves to be upgraded, as it is a hospital which has had to look after tens of thousands of patients. people from the villages in the area.
We did not happily send the teachers back to their own schools, and to our own homes, we made them sleep on the street.
He added that the State Government has already consulted with all the groups before introducing the new OM, and said that ACHIK is also involved in the process. consultation on the new OM.
The meeting also discussed the government's decision to import pyrtons from the Indian government, the ban on the Internet and the imposition of curfew. The CRPF camp in Mawlai has been destroyed.
" LET’S DO SOMETHING TO HELP YOUNG CHILDREN “Our homes should be a fortress for tempted youth.
The MLA's purchase of rice comes after the people have faced difficulties due to the spread of COVID-19 which has prompted the government to impose a curfew. These 21 days will end on 14th June as part of the prevention of the spread of the disease.
The party leader said that what happened was the party's security responsibility.
There are 36 gold medal winners.
If the Garo still remember that, they should be grateful to the Khasi because if the Khasi had not allowed, the Garo would not have had a place to live in the past.
However, he expects the election of the candidate to be held in April or April this year.
But what is needed is the spirit and determination to take responsibility, and to be responsible.
The CM said; “I have always said that development works are not incomplete if all the residents and society in the state cannot move forward together in terms of income and development.
However, there are some villages which still have the spirit of compassion to take part in any problems that the villagers face such as helping to build the houses of their fellow villagers if they are affected by the disaster. due to natural forces or other reasons but even so, we still need to strengthen the spirit of cooperation and mutual assistance.
Bah Lyngdoh said it is surprising that the Chief Minister does not know that they will cut down the trees to improve this road because this project has been completed for 7 lanes. 8 years.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is using this strength in trade to strengthen the rupee by deciding not to allow it to depreciate by investing up to T 2 lakh crore in revenue. paper.
The share from natural resources and employee tax will be T.15.25 crore and T.7.5 crore respectively.
At the same time, he said the European Union needs to start peace talks.
But at night, all of them go up to heaven.
The Seng strongly warns the Syiem of Sohra Hima, the Sordars of the Border Areas not to allow any foreigner to register.
However, Gandhi told reporters in Parliament, “I have already spoken clearly, which you all know.
He said that the body will have to be wrapped properly and after that, it will be placed in a coffin and the body can be taken to the house of the deceased. The body can be taken into the house and kept outside the house for 36 hours.
These blankets were donated on the 14th of this month to 70 residents of Iongkwang.
At present, all the churches have to set up their own meetings from time to time for each constituency and they can no longer attend all the congregations at the same time as before.
Replying to a question, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that FOCUSS will take responsibility to discuss the issue.
Recently, the students of JNV have sent a complaint to the FKJGP-North Khasi Hills, informing about the harassment by the school authorities, who provided them with poor quality food. and the fourth water of the sea.
The next day, it was reported that the incident occurred after the bus drivers had spoken harshly to the young women at the scene.
HNYF President Barato Mukhroh as independent candidate and Saron Paswet as NPP candidate from Jowai South will contest against UDP MDC Moonlight Pariat.
Similarly, for the MDC, he said that preparations have gone well and the party will announce the candidates by the end of July.
Domestic and community riots will happen again.
The CLF was established with the assistance of the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS), Laskein Block through the National Rural Livelihood Mission Program of the Government of India.
Shillong, March 26: U MLA of South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday slammed those who accused him of misusing the MLA as a member of the Information Act, by alleging that Bah Banri Kupar Wahlang is a leader of the Political RTI Contractual Agency.
Some of the students said that as soon as they saw the question paper before writing the examination, they were shocked and felt like they were going to see the question paper.
In addition, it is also prohibited to hold a procession by one political party at the meeting places of other parties.
He said that the involvement of the youth as members of this organization will free the youth of the district to get involved in illegal activities or alcohol.
However, after the election, there was a stir after only the Lotus symbol appeared and if the voters voted for other symbols as well.
Therefore, Kong RM Kurbah, as the DC of Ri Bhoi, said that if there are any urgent and unavoidable matters which are the life and death of the people, the people if If you are interested, please call the herlpline number 1077 or
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Monday demanded that the government should drop all the cases against its leaders. and the NSCN (IM) in
The government should announce a public announcement, as he said the people of the area do not trust if the Assam government speaks only in words.
The Village Council of Moopyllaitsyiar, Khliehtyrshi has decided to close the village for 10 days following the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and the loss of precious lives in the village.
"The answer from the minister is shocking because she was forced to give an answer without telling the truth," he said.
From the start of the game, it was a very interesting match as the aim was to score more goals and increase the number of points.
During the hearing on Tuesday, the investigation team told the judge that they had factual evidence to support the case, the ED team's intention to file a case against Kavitha is to investigate it thoroughly.
This rice is for the months of June, June and July.
It may be recalled that Bah Adelbert said that KHNAM wants all political parties to unite like the political parties have united to force the government to implement the ILP. The meeting was convened by KHNAM. Furthermore, according to information received, the UDP is one of the political parties. Almost all the political parties in the state have expressed their desire for ILP. This was seen at the meeting of the Prime Minister. the state has invited all political parties.
The training was sponsored by the Meghalaya Farmers' Commission (MFC) to encourage farmers to learn new farming techniques.
Another member, Sentu Marak, rushed to the police station and escaped death, while the other members escaped from the scene.
This time, the Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held for three days, on the 8th, 9th and 10th June,
The weight of the seized gold biscuits was 570 grams and worth T.30 lakh.
“I have spoken by phone once before from the UDP and that's all there is no talk,” said Bah Pyndap.
Those from the same group stand forward before the service begins.
The All India Primary Teachers Federation (AITF) in collaboration with the Primary Teachers Association of the State, under the auspices of the All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers Association (AMPSTA).
Before the program at Nongrah Square, the chief guest and the guests laid flowers at the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem at the Khasi Patriotic Home, Nongkhlaw.
These are the problems that many of us see and experience in relation to education due to the lack of income in these times when we are still fighting against this disease Covid-1
At this place, the construction of the Synsar will start along with the necessary equipment to speed up the work.
It is only when there is good manners and behavior that there is peace and harmony in the home and in the community as well.
Shillong: There have been 552 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 246 cases.
The findings were also published in The New York Times.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Bawan Khyriem, President of Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club on 21st March, 2023 as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Nangsan Pakyntein, Rangbah Shnong, Dorbar Shnong Lumsohphoh. , sports club office bearers and members of the organization.
K & Naveena Priyan.
Shillong, Lber 20 : Maitshaphrang SC has won the title of the (L) Holet Suting Memorial Football Tournament 2024 organized by Mawdron SC. Ryntihlang SC beat Ryntihlang SC in the final match which was held on 9th October 2024 at Pomdngiem Football Ground.
When asked whether there are others who have lost their tickets from the BJP but have now left and decided to contest as independent candidates, the BJP said that this happens in the political system because after they have lost their tickets. They will always make many allegations and leave the BJP.
Replying to this, the Minister of Electricity, Clement Marak, said that the department will look into these complaints of the members of the household so that the shortcomings can be resolved. I'll pay for the bording.
The father's race is the image of God, but the mother's race is the image of the devil.
The Rural Development Officer, Resubelpara, NGH (Garo Hills), Meghalaya, asked about the solutions to the problems faced during the natural disasters in the area.
The cleanliness of the environment is not only for beauty or health but also for employment.
On receiving information about the incident, the residents of the area were angry with the police, because of the shooting and there was a heavy clash between the residents and the police. Three persons were injured in the incident and all three persons were taken to Guwahati Hospital.
He said that the measures taken by the state will be able to supply the market in the state and also to meet the demand of other countries.
HNM visited the village of Killing Umbuda and found that the school has been covered with snow until the students have lost their opportunity to go to school to write their examinations.
Shillong: A Class XII student from Mairang, Shillong, has been attacked by unidentified persons while she was returning from school.
The driver of the truck was trapped in the truck and a JCB had to rescue him.
He said his contest is against the Minister of State Hamlet Dohling, the former Minister of State Ronnie V Lyngdoh and the Dy.CEM of KHADC Teilinia Thangkhiew.
Those in the house of Four did not know where he was going. His mother and father sent for him, but they could not find him.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the party on Saturday, which was attended by various leaders, MLAs from the North East and other members from all over the country. in Ri.
The CSWO urged the party to move forward on the path of peace talks with the government to set a good example for others for the sake of peace.
Many newspapers are now facing difficulties in getting copies due to the closure of markets across the country.
“For this reason, it has been ordered that you should explain why no charges can be brought against you when you have violated the rules laid down by the district authorities in allowing you to march”.
“The people of Sohiong now say that we all opposed Bah Samlin only because we were misled that the NPP is not the party, but now they have seen that those who They have now come together to work together.
The football tournament was inaugurated by Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum, President HYC Ri Bhoi as the chief guest. President of Seng Samala, Bah Mission Tron, Secretary, Bah BS Lamarai and other dignitaries.
He urged the people to surprise and support this government.
Through this 10-goal lead, the match became more interesting and exciting.
Especially we request our MLA Bah Prestone Tynsong to discuss these issues with the government, not to just sit back and wait for himself when he has won the election and has been elected to the seats. within the secretariat.
The investigation revealed that one of the seven men was still suffering from the disease, although they were stronger.
After a while, Bah Bok left. “It's nice,” said Banisha. “It's not only pleasant but it's also a good person,” said the mother. , Peter came from the house.
Ah! In God's great love, He sent His Son to die instead of us. “Whoever believes in Him shall never perish;
In the old world, God spoke, and there came locusts and plagues that could not be counted, and they devoured all the fruit of their land, and they devoured the fruit of their ground. the earth is theirs" Psalm 105:34-3
When asked about the performance of MLA Mohendro Rapsang, Paul said the voters of West Shillong are the right judges.
On the other hand, Agnes said that she will lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner on this issue as the eviction is illegal.
From 1996 to 2000, he returned to St. Joseph Secondary School, Pynthorumkhrah to complete his 7th grade. He entered Savio Junior School Mawlai from 2001 to completed his matriculation and became a full-time religious leader wearing white robes at Sunny Side Sawmer Shiteng.
The statement was signed by Rev. H. Chyne, Secretary, MPCTI, Shillong.
In a statement, the Vice Chancellor said that the university is still busy especially in terms of completing the syllabus and examinations scheduled to be held in the first month of November. These untimely protests will be affected.
Shillong, June 14: The post of Deputy Chairman of KHADC has become vacant. It has been three months since the resignation of Sing Syiem, a few days after the resignation of Ardent M Basaiawmoit from the post of CEM. Earlier, the chairman had urged the HSPDP not to elect an MDC to take over the seat after the resignation of Bah Pyniaid, although the ARPA had already decided to appoint an EM alone for the HSPDP. The HSPDP has already sent a reply to the CEM who is also the Chairman of the ARPA that there is no MDC to take over the post of Dy.Chairman and that Bah Pyniaid has not. I tried to take back the seat I had left.
Announcing the participation of the Indian Navy in the exercise of these neighboring countries, he said that India is pleased to be able to participate in such an exercise. They are also encouraged to cooperate with the military forces of these countries.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has proposed to resign from the post of CEM in the past few days. days ago, but he was forced to hold the position he now holds.
The tournament was inaugurated by the chief guest Kyrshan Dkhar in the presence of the elders and youth of the village.
If we look at different districts, we can see that this is very common in all the districts of Meghalaya especially in these districts of Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills.
He said that the department has strengthened its intelligence gathering and said, “Please stay with us.
Then he went to buy the bih.
He said after Narendra Modi became the Prime Minister in 2014, he took steps to bridge the differences between Delhi and the North East and started talks with everyone.
[continued] Other parts of the plant that need a brief description are the fruit and seed.
On the other hand, the road to the top of the hill has been pumped well as it is still a dirt road.
To develop the opportunities available in the region, various projects such as the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway and the Agartala-Akhaura Rail Project are underway.
Shillong: The Defense State Office, Guwahati, has promised to submit a detailed report on the land at Lum Survey, Shillong, following the revelation of illegal immigration of people and a complaint. I have done evil in this place.
If they do not, the VPP will not be able to participate in the Governor's speech, if he speaks in Hindi.
These are the people who are ruining the culture here".
Moses had four wives.
Political reports appearing in other related newspapers indicate that these are paid reports.
However, when they take the Khasi jait, whether it is from the father or the mother, it is the right and will of the children.
It was in 1939 that Sir Mohammed Syed Saadulla invited him to join his government and gave him the post of Minister.
Business Development Representative Bah Bhanud Kharkongor explained in more detail about the loan scheme of NEDFi in Meghalaya.
“The claim that the CAA cannot be implemented in those schedule areas is just a statement that there are still elections but when they are over they change their minds,” said Bah Nongrem.
If they are people who have the mind to think, they should have asked before taking any decision until they have considered the news that I have spoken through Batesi News or T7 as well.
American author Do Seidman said, “The Coronavirus, together with the fight against racism, shows the urgent need for responsible leadership and knowledge of God”.
The Wangala Festival was held at A'dam, Chibragre in West Garo Hills.
He also informed about the recruitment system in the state which has become very unfair with the implementation of the Roster System and this has caused problems to the Khasi Pnars.
The seized cows were handed over to the police station for further investigation.
“It is up to the Lamphang because he has the authority on this matter if he wants to recognize us as the Leader of the Opposition or not to recognize one of us as the Leader of the Opposition even if we don't recognize him. The number is also up to you to decide.
They said that in the study from 1997 to 2019, it was found that the highest number of deaths from Khieshohrih was in 2007 when 237 people died in Of these, 117 deaths were reported from West Garo Hills District alone.
At the same time, the village would like to clarify about the arrest of three drug dealers on the 5th of November by the West Jaintia Police near Ialong Park. the money, the pistol, the bullets, the sword with the two vehicles.
Lisa's mother, Priscilla Presley, told the media about the incident.
Joint Secretary secretaries-Highlander Kharmalki, Arun Marak, Aibor Roy Thangkhiew.
New Delhi: All passengers on an Air India flight from Amritsar to Rome have been quarantined after it was found that 30 passengers on the flight had the corona virus.
The vehicle was found carrying clothes worth T.35 lakh, which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Dr. Bishnoi said that his visit to these two villages in Khapsor was after receiving information that this area has a lot of drug addicts and drug addicts. The DGP was accompanied by the Superintendent of Police, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger and other police chiefs.
Shillong, Nailur 26: After the opening of the three-party meeting held at the residence of Dr. Donkupar Roy, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), the HSPDP today held another meeting. Mr. Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President of the Republic of Somalia.
The body of the man was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem and police are conducting further investigation. was killed by the enemy.
The two women MLAs are in the ruling party and are not expected to ask questions to the government.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) leader and Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the RDA has a better chance of winning the Shillong Parliamentary seat in the Lok Sabha elections. The upcoming elections will be held because the Congress is no longer a party and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is a party that is limited to one district.
The violation of the rights of the people by the people in power from the high level to the grass root level is the reason for the increase in corruption. Many development works and various projects have been completed halfway and have remained stagnant which has left the state lagging behind in all aspects.
The continuous power outage has affected the consumers of type book shops, repair of electrical appliances, welding factories, car manufacturing factories and many other activities. use an electrical outlet.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 5 cases and in West Jaintia Hills, 115 cases. These include 9 cases in Khimusniang, 16 cases in Mihmyntdu, 5 cases in Nongmulieh, 37 cases in Nongtalang and 18 cases in Salini.
“I have asked the DFO for any order on this.
Six months after the Meghalaya High Court ruled that non-government teachers (Govt.
The AFC B Diploma Course (Module 1) will be held from 12-18 July 2019 and the AFC Futsal Level 1 Course will be held from 05-10 November
? How many more will lose their lives so that the State Government and the Central Government can hear the voices of non-tribals in Meghalaya? “Will a father who kills his own child just because of the KSU robbers get the right? The CWC has admitted that the incident occurred after a rally against the Citizenship Amendment Act organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and other political parties in Ichamati. news of the media.
Fanwar Faith INC in collaboration with Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Jengjal Sub Divisional Hospital, RoUTES and Seventh Church organized a health camp on 23rd November -Day Adventist, the Minister also thanked the Kur Mawsor for their willingness to donate a piece of land for the construction of a school in this village. The Minister also visited the examination and treatment centers and held discussions with doctors, health workers, pharmacists and beneficiaries through this treatment programme.
Besides, there are also Khasi residents from Langpih, Mawlan, Ïewnongma, Mawdiangsnam, Umwali and Umbyrsit, who have registered themselves on the electoral roll of the Assam government.
We believe that the foundation laid for our beloved country is based on respect for different nations, languages, cultures and beliefs.
“We condemn the inability of the Laban Police Station to arrest these religious leaders until they disrupt the religion of others.
Regarding the issuance of NOC for the road, Pynshngaiñ said that if the residents of the area lose the scheme, the blame will be on the District Council for not issuing the NOC. Shillong, Naitung: 132 villages have been affected by heavy floods in West Garo Hills and 107,464 people have been affected by the floods. today, no casualties were reported, according to the report.
Foreign languages ​​that have been widely used and understood by many people have their own meaning.
“We demand Article 271 because we want to strengthen the nation,” said Bah Ardent.
On Tuesday morning, a group of six robbers suddenly attacked two foreigners working in a house in Lumsohkhlur village, Mawlai Mawroh.
According to the Committee, the salary of Bah Sanbor is T.48,750 per month, the Constituency Allowance is T.55,000 per month and the total income of Bah Sanbor is T. 03,750 per month.
JOWAI: The 25th Anniversary of the JDPS was inaugurated by the Moderator of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (JDPS) at Ialong, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
“By promising on this, Dhar urged the residents of Sweepers' Colony to leave Mawlong Market.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills has fulfilled his duty and sent a report and they have sought permission from the Cabinet to proceed to find ways and means to resolve the issue. the right to stay in Tura.
Others arrested include Darius Pakem, 19, from Moolait, Sumer and two minors.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJPS) through the Trust Department will hold a Food Fest Cum Sales of Work on the 25th March 2019 at Madan Student from 10:00 am, as part of the fundraising campaign for the KJP Synod. Guest House, Vellore.
Therefore, as a sign of condolences on this incident, the organization has donated a small amount of money which is only a sign of wishing the child a healthy and strong body.
The government has appointed a four-member committee of inquiry headed by R Rapthap IAS and the report will be submitted to the government as soon as possible. that teachers should not hold any protests that would affect the sanctity of the school and its surroundings.
Many Taiwanese are reportedly strongly opposed to the plan to buy pork from the United States and this is an issue that was also discussed in the elections held in the country.
As part of the implementation of the activities of the various parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 government, the government will soon set up a Starring Committee to conduct the Common Minimum Program to bring together these parties. They didn't work before the election.
Bah Pynshngain said there are times when we have to work together for the good of the people to bring about change in this Council.
Shillong, July 31: Several villages in the area have sent letters to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) from time to time. to protest against the issuance of a trading license to the company and alleged that the company is polluting the water wells in the area.
These drugs were found to be carefully hidden in the luggage compartment of the bus.
The funeral service will be held on 25.2.19 at 2 pm at Mawtawar Presbyterian Church.
For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Think to yourself: if I become rich, if I gain fame, if I become wise and knowledgeable, what good will all this do me if I lose my soul? God created me so that I would not save my soul and I want, anyway, to save it.
Metro rail servicesCinema hallsSwimming poolsEntertainment parksTheatresBars, auditoriums, assembly halls and similar places.
It is learned that KHADC police have raided the area of ​​Iew Mawlong, GS Road in Bimola and along this road.
However, Bah Adelbert, who was the introducer of the bill, along with other MLAs of the Opposition, did not raise his voice in support or say yes (Aye) to the bill.
“We will discuss in detail the NEP. We will also listen to what many have to say (NEHU and college),” he said.
If anyone is found to be in violation of this Act, they will be subject to strict penalties according to the rules or regulations of the Dorbar Chnong,” said the VDP Shnong.
The woman is believed to be under 30 years old.
Teddyson Bang scored for Evergreen Mukhla SC in the 42nd minute to make it 4-1
According to Chapter VII (1) (b) of the Model Code of Conduct, “Government vehicles, helicopters and other government property may not be used to campaign for the benefit of the party.
The cause of the accident was caused by the speeding of the driver of the empty truck.
Dr. C. Budnah, incharge of the Regional Blood Bank, Shillong, explained that blood donation is not harmful as some people fear but it helps to cleanse the blood. of you too.
The fine was imposed on the player for exceeding the rules after failing to take a wicket against CSK leading batsman Shivam Dube; Dube, however, improved his performance by tied 52 runs from 26 balls and was bowled out by RCB bowler Wayne Parnell.
This is indeed the best season of all the four seasons to drink tea.
The growth in sugarcane cultivation in the United Provinces and neighboring states, Punjab and Bihar, has been so rapid that India's sugarcane production is now the largest in the world. whole.
“...........
Urban poor families are suffering while in rural areas it is still possible to survive," he said.
In fact, Israel would not have been protected by God for a long time.
It can be said that this rule is one of the ways to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong, especially the traffic jam from Kachari Point to Motphran. that is, to those who pass through the Nine Ways.
The Constitution of India was adopted on 29th November 1949 followed by the proclamation of India as a Republic on 26th July
Johnson and Symonds were the first couple to move into Downing Street without completing their wedding.
In another match at the MDSA Stadium in Mawkyrwat, Riangdo scored 10 goals through Phinilboy Rashik (70') to lead the team to a victory against Mawten.
Pynshngaiñ did not attend the meeting. MLAs who did not attend the meeting included Deborah Marak and Sniawbhalang Dhar.
On the other hand, Bah Gilbert Thongni, Minister of Marshillong Village, said that when they saw the incident, they immediately called the fire brigade, but the fire brigade could not respond. It is no longer that the fire has destroyed the house.
He also told reporters, “You have taken this map.
The KSU in a statement said that the NHAI has promised in front of the KSU and the Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka on the day of the protest on the 8th of this month in front of the Tollgate in Lumshnong. The KSU has also temporarily closed down the toll plaza and said that it will not open the door until the NHAI completes the repair of 60 or 70% of the road.
Speaking on the occasion, Lambor said that in fact, the Transport Department has already increased the price of the four vehicles which were parked on the roof of the sumo parking lot opposite the State Bank of India at Khyndai. Lad, but later the Ministry of Development has directed the Ministry of Transport to increase the price.
The slavery and deliverance of the Israelites from Egypt is God's revelation of man's slavery to sin and Satan and man's deliverance from sin and Satan is through the Son. God, Jesus Christ.
However, even if there is such a person who is a fool or an animal, it is not God who allows him to do all kinds of terrible things; it is not His fault that He allows that evil to exist and it is not His fault if He cannot stop the insult and abuse of those others by the one who does wrong.
Hek said what is needed now is the cooperation of the Red Cross and the health department of the state government and only this can transform the country. Red Cross' and how it works.
In a letter to the Lamphang, MPF Secretary James K Sangma said that the meeting of the leaders of the UDP, NPP, GNC and KHNAM held on 28th July 2016 discussed the High. Court of Meghalaya dated 13th July, 2016 regarding the powers of Rangbah Shnongs in Meghalaya.
The Minister also proposed to hold a North East Conference in which experts from neighboring countries like Bhutan, Myanmar and Bangladesh will participate to discuss and exchange views on environmental issues.
Speaking to reporters at the meeting, GSU ​​leader Rupa Marak said that there is no need for a Magistrate's investigation as the incident was committed by the army. What the people want now is that those soldiers who are involved in the shooting should not be punished.
" Unquote published in Mawphor, January 8,
Bah Roykupar said that on the 27th of June, the people have the opportunity once every five years to elect their leaders. responsibility for the future of the state and to get MLAs who will pass various laws and regulations to protect the nation and the state.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Monday raided illegal foreigners in Amlarem Sub-Division.
He is one of the founders of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) where he has also held the post of President of Narpuh Circle and is now the Finance Secretary of the Central Body.
On this occasion, he said that besides the new seats, KHNAM has also got new candidates in politics.
In another incident, the residents of Mawthadraishan on the 23rd of this month sent a letter to the residence of Mawthadraishan MLA, Bah Shakliar Warjri at Kynshi. Mawria, Eastern West Khasi Hills District has demanded that he should not speak on the reservation policy.
They have been shaped in my mind, and my visions have reflected the thoughts behind them.
It is a unique identification number like mobile number, EPIC and roll number which are personal information of each person,” said Marak in a statement.
“This financial assistance from the Meghalaya government is only for the day laborers who can no longer go to work because of the lockdown, but surprisingly this money does not work. “It has not reached the day laborers,” said Angela and added that the laborers have already filled up the forms according to the government's directive through the offices of the Rangbah Shnongs of various villages.
Furthermore, in this passage the Lord Jesus tests our love and faith.
“We have appointed 10 Organizing Secretaries to look after the constituencies we have established so that through them the party can move forward,” he said.
While Kiang was still in the golden troop, Kynraad wrote that he was a great leader.
Applications for the program will start on the 13th of this month through the WEP website. Nongpoh, Naiwieng 26: Arrival of Scooty and Bike Riders in groups groups from Assam every day as a tourist on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi, although it is not just a joke for the youth, but when it comes to the way they drive, it is terrible and which is a threat not only to them but also to the people who come and go.
The victors really get to hide and how happy they are to come and go and accomplish their goals.
He loved his people; he comforts them and gives them hope.
Among the five wrestlers, two youths from the state won medals including Mary Christine Wriang who won the Silver medal against the Philippine team. Samla Alphonesa Zinia Wriang won the bronze medal in the Wai-Kru event.
He said that this has also caused differences of opinion among the various leaders of the church.
But, these days, there is a realization that population density also has its benefits.
The Director of Education, Mizoram – Lalsangliana has requested all district and school authorities to allow the children from Manipur to have the opportunity to enroll in the schools. government schools in Mizoram, although these children could not provide the necessary documents.
In fact, you don't have to talk about what you're doing.
Speaking to reporters, James said he has received a letter from the HYC which has put forward this demand today.
Amanda Pakynteiñ, Chairperson of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee, was the chief guest and also performed a dance which entertained the audience including parents, youth, women and men. hep small.
U Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State and MLA Khliehriat on 23rd November, launched the Lucky Draw of the Lad-Sutnga Dorbar to be held on the 3rd June 2024 at Madan Mutai near the Indoor Stadium, Dkhiah. East.
If you don't know, don't write an article.
New Delhi, Jymmang 5: Two days before the elections in Delhi, the city has witnessed many protests due to the attack on churches.
In the HYC, we don't have the intention to blame anyone, it is useless to blame the past, what we need is to learn from the past.
It is through many issues that have affected not one or two but many of the people and in many cases, that the people have been awakened from their sleep.
SHILLONG: A day after BJP National President Amit Shah said that the party will revive the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 if it comes back to power, the Minister of State for Home Affairs (BJP) has said that the party will revive the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). The National People's Party (NPP) has said that the National People's Party (NPP) will stand firmly against the CAB.
The dorbar has been held at the wai house in Rilbong until now.
This is less than T.1236 crore or 3.8 per cent of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP).
That's what I said, therefore we have to wait and that's why what I'm trying to tell you is that let's wait and see, let the law go its own way".
The UNC has condemned the atrocities committed against the Nagas even after knowing that they are Nagas,” the statement said.
We welcome companies to invest and set up factories in our state.
Cameroon will face Brazil again on 3 November 2022 at 12:30 pm, while Serbia will face Switzerland on the same day and time. even the first.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira, today said that talks are ongoing for the construction of the railway line from Kolkata to Mahendrganj in South West Garo Hills. Hills for the development of trade in the North East and if this succeeds South West Garo Hills will become the gateway to the North East or the North East. India as a whole.
At present, only the NPP and BJP are the parties in the state which are members of the NEDA after the UDP withdrew from the NEDA in
Regarding the spread of news that the Lawei group has threatened to blow up bombs in Shillong, because they are unemployed; The Minister said that he has nothing to say on this matter, but the police department has taken action and monitored the threat.
Revelation 22:1-5
There were also other prominent schools in the Science Stream like St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, St. Edmunds Higher Secondary School, RKM Higher Secondary School Cherrapunjee and others.
Regarding the Council's share from the State Government, Bah Dhar said the Government will try to release the Council's share at any time.
Finally, I urge our fellow countrymen to take good care of our brothers and sisters to avoid this disease.
However, he said that if they want to get back, they should go to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Nongstoin, as all the residents have already been registered in Meghalaya and to ask for clarification whether it is one person. You cannot turn on EPIC and vote in Meghalaya and Assam.
Showcases should be made of good quality wood and not of wood chips obtained from poor quality woodworking factories.
There shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes in divers places.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Lumjingthang Committee has appealed to the families of those who have lost their loved ones, who have the lum jingtrep built in the past years, within the well-fenced areas outside the ' Eco Friendly Crematorium,' to meet with the leading office bearers of the Lumjingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Ri Raid Laban on or before the 25th of this month, and also to phone the Secretary Lumjingthang Rgh.L. .Rynjah 876875-61910 / 9612022741, Chairman Lumjingthang Rgh.B.Marbaniang ph-96126-9
In the presence of leaders from various political parties, these machines have been placed under tight security and will be sent to all the sub stations, said officials of the department.
When I went to the doctor, I didn't see anything.
Jowai, Lber 19: Following the announcement of the date by the Election Commission of India for the General Election to the Lok Sabha, 2024 to begin on April 19, BS Sohliya, IAS, has implemented Section 144 CrPC and announced that the Model Code of Conduct has come into force from 16th March 2024 in the entire Election District.
I am happy to meet the youth and I will be happiest if I have the opportunity to contribute my knowledge to them,” said Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam on his first visit to Shillong. on October 6, 2013 to become a Lecturer at the Indian Institute of Management-Shillong.
The Supreme Court on Friday ruled to recognize same-sex marriage for LGBTQ people. The SC's decision is a victory for LGBTQ people. repeal Article 377 which has traditionally restricted them.
The opening ceremony was attended by MCA Vice President Rayonald Kharkamni, MCA Honorary Secretary Gideon Kharkongor, Honorary Treasurer Dhrubajyoti Thakuria. Chairman of the Tournament Committee of MCA Bah Dister Marbaniang, members of SCA, RBDCA and the organizers of the tournament.
He said that although the house is only a wooden house, the damage to the house and equipment has reached T.2 lakh.
The competition is part of the commemoration of the 147th birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel who was the first Home Minister & Deputy Prime Minister (PM) of India from 1947 to the celebration of National Unity Day.
The HNYF leader suspected that they may be the 'langiong' behind the sending of these letters demanding money in the name of the HNLC with the intention of disrupting the peace talks. I decided not to follow up on this work.
The protest will be held on Monday, 25th November 2023 from 10:00 am to 04:00 pm.
Assam has always said that it has done according to the Constitution but the MDA government has failed to look into these areas.
“As the party, we have also decided to fight for the establishment of a college in Mawthadraishan,” said the UDP candidate. started in recent years to provide training to the youth in search of jobs such as DSC, MPSC and others.
Participating countries sent 37 participants, India and China sent many participants.
And as the days go by, we have seen the decline in the value of politics in this state of ours, which was known as a country that knows people and knows God, and that it was expected that those rulers would be unfaithful. but to look after the problems of all the people without partiality.
Therefore, the clear answer will be revealed on the day of voting in 2023 and that is when it will be possible to verify how many people are stupid and unwilling to sell themselves at a moment's notice and how many people understand. the price of your vote.
This shows that if the NEP is implemented in colleges, there will be a significant increase in tuition fees.
The death toll has risen to 34, 11 are still missing and 22 are injured.
King David and the Samaritan woman who had fallen into adultery repented and were forgiven.
The program was conducted by Shri GLC Mylliem, MCS, Asst Commissioner and he welcomed and congratulated all those who attended the programme.
“When you allocate any seat specifically to women, I think that would be a special way to give recognition.
Perhaps there are some of our young people who are wiser than me who do not accept this writing of mine.
Bah N.Syiemiong, one of the farmers affected by the cold weather, said that as the people, they want the leaders of the area to lead the government in this regard. The leaders have forgotten as the government has done to them.
The CEM said that the UDP MDCs still have confidence in him and as the head of the Council he will never remove anyone from office. in their wisdom, I am the one who calls them to work together and I leave it in their wisdom.
Therefore, he appealed that if the people support the BJP, many changes and problems will not be solved, but there are those who claim that the BJP is not good, but in it there are many problems. assistance for the benefit of the people of India without discrimination.
Bah Shot Kharjana from Umlyngka said that if we count the cost of cultivating sohsaw which he has been cultivating for 20 years, the cost per shikilo has reached 20 tyngka. the price is between 22 and 30 tyngka.
For example, climate change adaptation requires systematic approaches, and for countries to support other countries’ initiatives to mobilize investment and develop technological capabilities through cooperation between the North and the South and also the North-East.
The more you slow down, the worse it gets.
At the same time, he recalled that as Meghalaya celebrates its 50th Anniversary, Dr.H.Gordon Roberts Hospital has served the community for more than 100 years through the challenges and difficulties. many kinds of trials.
On this occasion, Bah Shynshar Lyngkhoi handed over the donation in the presence of the elders who have participated in this charity work, in the presence of the elders of Jashiar village as a sign of condolences. As a sign of condolences to the family, two children and husband of Kong (L) Hailsentinari Marwein who passed away on 16th July 2013 due to drowning in a landslide. They also donated money and at the same time they also gave their blessings and encouragement to the father of the family Bah Arjun Marthong and his two children as well as to all. The family of this woman who died in the natural disaster.
The team led by coach Jeffrey Warlarpih beat Punjab 1-0 in the final on Tuesday.
The friendly match was organized by the leaders of the Raid Nongpoh, with the aim of raising funds for the Nomiwell Secondary School in Nongpoh. Bobby L. Nongbet, DSO Ri Bhoi, Raid Nongpoh leaders and others.
The beloved Apostle John, who trusted in the Shadow of Jesus on the night of the Last Supper, who was at the foot of the Cross on the day of Jesus' crucifixion, says: “THE GREATEST LOVE THAT A MAN CAN HAVE FOR HIS FRIENDS IS TO GIVE UP HIS LIFE FOR THEM”.
In addition, under Section 171 C of the Indian Penal Code, any person who threatens to injure or otherwise injure any candidate or voter or any other person shall be liable to imprisonment for up to 10 years. reprimand, fine or both penalties.
“He said that if Paul Lyngdoh and Teibor Pathaw give any explanation or not, the party will hold another meeting after 24 hours.
New York: Under the leadership of US President Joe Biden, world leaders such as Canada, Germany, France, Italy and the United Kingdom have issued a joint statement to They also confirmed that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netayahu will conduct an investigation into Gaza from the ground up.
Camp visited Sahsniang to celebrate with the children of the Children Home of NEIMA along with gifts to the children and financial assistance to the Children Home.
It will also preserve the uniqueness of our indigenous people.
Regarding the peace and order in the city, the DGP said that there are places where CCTV cameras have been installed and there are those that will be installed.
This is because Kong Phanbuh has to work in the rural areas when she is away from her children and many kinds of thoughts come into her mind.
The NPP MP candidate from Shillong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong, cannot create a world in Parliament because he is in the opposition from the central government and the government. The same is true of Meghalaya.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 809 new cases have been confirmed.
The people of Ishamati, Majai and others should also take the example of this Doloi, that the contractors are always contractors.
On July 24, Yoris went to Muktapur Outpost to lodge a complaint against the Muktapur Outpost and the Muktapur Police Station informed her. Kharshiing said the complaint was registered by Yoris and it is under investigation.
The day of the Lord has come to Israel and to the whole world that the name of the Lord will be glorified from Israel (Jerusalem) and beyond the borders of Israel.
“Amit Shah and other BJP leaders don't know anything about the North East including Meghalaya but it is through them that they learned to come here,” Anand said.
And it shall come to pass, when I bring forth a cloud upon the earth, that the light shall appear in the cloud.
The Seng, under the leadership of its President, Bah Wellson Siangshai, in the presence of Bah SDkhar, Vice President Central Body, together with the members of the Seng, today met and sent a letter to U.S. President, Bah Wellson Siangshai. District Food Safety Officer, Khliehriat Bah N.Lyngwi to explain these issues.
He said he is ready to formulate a policy by directing the Ministry of Home Affairs to issue a directive to all the states in the country to ensure the safety and security of the youth from this region. .
This was witnessed on Friday of this month when the farmers from Tiehbah Nongstoiñ village while they were thinking about their fields to harvest the rice suddenly the rain came and all the The wheat which they were gathering fell into the water and was drowned.
What is surprising is that it has been too strict against the religious organizations and if it is wrong it has already been corrected because it is too late to criticize the religions, but what is obvious cannot be said.
The union also found that this house has been used by people who do not have a house to live in.
“As reported, the number of train collisions in the past 20 years has decreased significantly from 473 in the middle of the year. 2000-01 to 48 by 2022-23,” said Munda.
Shillong, June 10: Meghalaya has now freed five districts from the outbreak of Covid-19 with all the active cases recovered.
When I went to school, I found a man who had left his first wife, and when he arrived there she was a second wife.
However, we have not seen that the two Prime Ministers will discuss or discuss how to extinguish the fire and bring peace.
They said that they have met many times with the CEM of JHADC from time to time but the JHADC has not been able to provide them with a full Doloi.
The SSA also informs that any teams who wish to take part in this tournament can bring an entry fee of T.500/- per team and will must be paid on or before July 24, 2023.
“Why doesn't Kong Maya have any more children?” asked Kong Mer.
Among other things, the following are just a few of the many leading activities that we have witnessed from the Leaders of the People in the past five years since they issued their statements. During the 2018 election campaign: The upgradation of Khliehriat CHC to Civil Hospital is another of the disappointments of the people of Jaintia Hills. and signboards, but the facilities for health care and services to the public are still very limited from the medical staff, doctors, nurses to medicines.
Commander Shangpliang said the party demands that the government should sanction the improvement and cleaning of the JR Road through Rangmaw-Mawksiar, 7 & 8th km, 2 km which has been prepared by T. 92.17,000/- for the construction of home pipe MP2 culvert on Mawkohphet Village Road which is 2.15 km at a cost of T.1,04,41,7
During the inspection, they also visited the damaged road at Rngi Sawlia village in Eastern West Khasi Hills District. The three districts of West, Eastern and South West Khasi Hills District and also the cut-off of the road to Ngunraw village, South West Khasi Hills District.
If the export market can be increased, we believe that even our farmers will benefit.
Raliang MLA Comingone Ymbon, government officials and others were present at the opening ceremony.
I don't receive a text or call.
He said that the unity and cooperation is to be together to fight against these things.
"“We need to develop the households in our area, the households in our area are still poor, during the rainy season the water flows to the market, but those who have houses get tins, those who have jobs don't get them. This is what we have to look at,” said Bah Rani.
The Ïewduh is the largest, oldest and sacred,” said Bah War.
Follow Me.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 20th June, said that the state government has allocated T.338.152 crore for the implementation of the Tura Smart Town and T.79 crore for the Tura Smart Town. in Jowai.
Eugeneson said that as he had promised in the election rallies held in different parts of the constituency, he has not been able to complete the tasks that his father has done. now, he will fight as hard as he can to accomplish these tasks.
Ymbon said that Zenith Sangma, who lives in Motinagar, will leave the government house in the next few days.
I see that the children of people when they go abroad to study bring a degree and this one brings a byrni jot,” said the father sadly.
One of the prominent writers of Hynniewtrep, Bah Raphael Warjri, has published a book entitled “Ka Thohdur Mynta”.
Since 2013, MSSASA has demanded a salary increase for the 1521 4th Teachers across the state equal to other SSA teachers as they all work the same job and spend the same hours in school.
He said that even the first Chief Minister of the State, had asked about the allocation of 40 percent to the Khasi Jaintia and 40 percent to the Garo. Garo is because the paid Garo people were still too few in the departments at that time.
In a statement, the Seng through Bah Shane Thabah General Secretary said that in fact, the Seng of Land Dealers urges the Village Authorities or District Authorities to look into the current situation in Shillong regarding the construction of land. to conduct a thorough inspection of the construction of houses and shops in each street, as well as to establish an independent inspection team to inspect the safety of houses, buildings and There are shops on the streets and around the city.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Kur Shangpliang Mawsynram Unit was formed with the appointment of Bah Lastborn Shangpliang as Chairman, Bah Aspingland Shangpliang as Vice Chairman, Bah Watchman Shangpliang as Secretary and Bah Wanhiam as Asst. Secretary. Shangpliang, Treasurer Kong Mebirda Shangpliang, Adviser Bah HM Shangpliang and Publicity Secretary Bah Trustman Shangpliang.
He said that the infiltration of foreigners is one of the most important objectives of the NEIPF which has affected the indigenous people of the eastern states and many of them have become low paid.
The welcome ceremony for these MDCs and leading leaders of other parties to the NPP will start from the 22nd of this month.
The DBF also plans to expand this program in various parts of the North East.
Rose Mary) but we have not received the number plate of the bus or any evidence that will enable us to track down those involved,” he said.
He said that the Minister of Education has promised that the Government will pay the salaries of the teachers for the months of June, June and July once the money is received from the Government of India through Ad-hoc Installment and for First installment.
The MDC said that as of now, the Congress party wants to defeat Bah Pynshngaiñ but it has not succeeded because there are many who have given him a drip.
Shillong, July 22: The BJP Youth Wing Meghalaya has expressed its surprise at the stinginess and unfairness of the Meghalaya Government to the farmers in the delivery of urea fertilizer.
There have been 380 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Therefore, they must have waited another hour or two.
Our mission to empower underserved communities with access to STEM technologies and education has been made possible through this partnership.
Thus, many kinds of diseases such as fever, malaria, malaria, tuberculosis, and malaria are widespread.
They were handed over to the police station for further investigation.
In a letter of complaint to the Deputy Commissioners of the four districts in Garo Hills, Marak said that the central government schemes have nothing to do with the MLAs of the area because the MLAs and their agents should not interfere. on the implementation of central government schemes.
The JSU has also announced that Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla will also hand over an ambulance to the JSU, said JSU Publicity Secretary Dapmain Suchiang.
This leads to a decline in the lives of the unemployed especially in setting up their own jobs and using their skills.
There are other schemes from the Ministry of DoNER for the development of the North East.
The owner of the shop, Satyanarayan, was shot dead by five children who brought him with knives and knives and after being shot, Guru Prasad was beaten. Chaukhani, the owner of the shop, the eight suspects fled the scene and detonated a petrol bomb in his shop.
However, later, police arrested the driver of the truck and seized the cows carried in the truck.
The entry and exit of the people from this village will be restricted.
The seizure of drugs by the East Jaintia Hills Police in the past 10 days alone has reached T.15 crore.
The first prize will be 10000 and there will also be a lucky draw and other games.
“Therefore, we demand that the State Government and the Central Government should find ways and means to introduce policies and laws to protect domestic workers,” said Riahtam.
Ranjit, who is the BJP leader from Barabanki, spoke on the issue at the Municipal meeting, where he expressed his strong opposition to the burial of cows and suggested that there should be a a separate crematorium for cattle.
Of these, 18 cases have been confirmed from Golaghat, six from Kokrajhar, five from Karimganj, two from Tinsukia and Sivasagar and one from Jorhat and Dhemaji.
In 2013-14, the government received T.1626620757, in 2014-15 it received T.1511353697 and in 2015-16 it collected T.
The HNLC, in a statement today, said it is surprised that the police believe that the phone conversation between one of the arrested members of the HNLC was with the chief of staff of the HNLC. Bah Sanbor Pala said that the allegation was made by the police.
In this regard, even time is very important.
He also praised the hard working management as well as the 32 teams and encouraged the players to continue to perform well in other games.
He said that the mid-term MDC elections will be a big test for the Congress party which has become increasingly stable and rejected across the country these days and hopes that it will succeed in this state as well.
However, there are about 70 farmers in the city and others in Pynursla, Sohra, Laitlyngkot, Smit and other places.
Phida Uriah from North East Network, W Shabong DCPO WKH, DP Nongbri WPSI from Nongstoin PS took part in the meeting and others.
“It shows progress with the cooperation between parents, school authorities and I as a leader support cooperation," he said.
Shillong: The North East Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) today met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to demand that he should urgently convene a special session to discuss and pass the Eastern Constitution. Bengal Border Regulation 1873 ILP in the state of Meghalaya.
Joe Marwein President FKJGP said that he has been in the party for 25 years but this is the issue of protest which has lasted for three months.
The 'mane kyrtong' comes from the idea of ​​'phoida malade': Whoever sits on the throne wants his phoida.
Shillong, July 22: The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, today launched a special program where the people of the state can meet face to face with the police chiefs and express their views and questions to the police chiefs. any matter that is not clear in relation to the police.
In the women's category, the best goalkeeper award went to Nibari Maring of Ri-Bhoi, who stood out for her ability to save. Inrilaidor Khongthaw of East Khasi Hills won two awards including the top scorer after scoring 15 goals. goals and also the player of the tournament title.
Speaking at a public meeting, Shatrughan said, “Our two sons are here.
Shillong, March 02: To mark the 2nd Anniversary of the Swaach Bharat Mission launched by the Central Government, the Public Health Engineering Department has launched a program known as 'Swaach Bharat Week' drawing, essay writing, coloring, public speaking and other competitions were held.
“This is the beginning of Pynursla constituency and I am pleased to see that young men and women who have learned now have come forward.
The tournament was held as part of the memory of Samla (L) Lurshai Hynniewta who was killed by non-residents in Ichamati in The tournament was opened by Rangbah Happy E. Rymbai as the chief guest, Rangbah Streamly Suchen as the Chief Guest, Rangbah KS Suchiang as the Special Guest and Rangbah KS Suchiang as the General Secretary of KSU EJHDU. , then Rangbah Cherity Suja as the Special Guest Assistant Finance Secretary KSU EJHDU in the presence of the Village Office bearers of Moopyniein and the elders and women of Wapung and other villages.
It will also improve the air connectivity, internet access to all rural villages, IT Park, drinking water supply to households.
Foods mixed with spices : When you cook ata you can mix with 1 shamoit to the seeds of methi or methi or powder of snepdieng sia sia.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and other government officials.
I am the President of the party in the state and I understand the basis on which it stands but as a party we stand on the basis that we have never supported the CAA,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Sun said his visit was to resolve the missing works and to discuss how to improve the operation of the Mawphlang Water Distribution Station.
The location of the arrest and the name of the suspect were not disclosed in the statement.
“The benefit is that the farmers will benefit and provide employment to the youth of the village,” said Mary June.
Shillong: The Office of the Syiem of the Hima Langrin Syiemship has announced that due to the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) by the Assam Government, groups, families and communities who shall attempt to forcibly enter the villages within the jurisdiction of the Hima without the knowledge of the village or the Hima.
CHENNAI: An elderly lion, Neela, has died of covid-19, while five others have been infected with the virus at the Arignar Anna Zoo. Zoological Park in Vandalur, Tamil Nadu.
The project has been budgeted at T.127.7 crore, and the design has been carried out by prominent companies in the country by incorporating the need to provide a stadium to host major sporting events in the country. domestic and foreign.
He was taken to Dr. H Gordon Robert's Hospital.
When Hep learned that she was alone, he was happy and believed that perhaps she would tell him something.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Paul said, “This ban on the use of plastic in the market is not for the benefit of anyone but for the cleanliness of the environment and the benefit of all. .
JOWAI: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACSPG) has demanded the resignation of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma for failing to resolve the issue of the NPP-led MDA government. This is the State.
At this meeting, the Union Minister has discussed with all the departments responsible for Women and Child Development and promised to implement various schemes under the Ministry of Women and Child Development. .
In Mairang, it was learned that Bah Rasor Rani, who lost his ticket, has not yet said anything to support the candidate Bah Lawrence Basaiawmoit.
Live plants, dead plants, eitmasi, water, jar, plastic and tyllai are used to make this organic fertilizer.
Looking back in recent years, the Legislative Assembly has been filled with businessmen and not lawmakers.
The North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS) continues to advocate for the preservation of indigenous crop seeds due to the challenges posed by the production of hybrid seeds. genetically modified organisms (GMOs) for agriculture.
“Regarding the construction of power plants, we have to follow the rules, but they have not followed them and it is wrong to blame each other, and if I want to point fingers “There are many things that I cannot mention but this will not help the state from this problem,” he said.
Instead of thinking how to solve the problems of the people, these leaders have used themselves to move from one party to another and intend to contest from one constituency to another for personal gain. .
Meanwhile, the Additional DGP (Law & Order), GP Singh, said that many of those involved in the robbery have built their houses on government land with illegal documents. tongue.
“ Many false prophets will arise and deceive many".
After the meeting with the Officer In-charge of Mawkyrwat Police Station, Kitborsing said that the meeting was held after the incident. Mawkyrwat Market for a few days to verify whether the police have received many complaints from the public.
At this dorbarbah, there were also songs and dances by the youth and children from various departments of the Kur.
He said that this book is an attempt to get detailed and accurate information not only from books or articles in newspapers or archives but he has also talked to experts, religious leaders, the elders, the people to understand what the Tang Jait is in their understanding.
According to sources, on Tuesday, October 29, 2023, he was released on bail for two cases and on Friday, October 30, 2023, he was released on bail for two cases. he was appealed.
The PRIME Program helps you to get a loan of up to 5 lakh tyngka which can be up to 25 lakh tyngka.
In the petition, the Seng has expressed its surprise how the power outage works even during the rainy season.
Then, while I was listening, when it came to the program of short celebration after the end of the Holy Mass, the Master of the Ceremony announced that we had reached the most important part of the ceremony. celebration.
The bus was registered ML05 W 3993 and the truck was registered AS 01 PC
The House on 19th November 2019 has passed a resolution not to demand the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya and not to fully release the CAA. That the central government will not grant ILP is not true because the state government has not yet met with the central government leaders to discuss the issue as they are busy celebrating Christmas and New Year.
It is necessary to judge a person's mistakes, it is also necessary to point out his mistakes, but we should not just point out and judge the mistakes.
They earn money by selling tympew, kwai and soh jew or other agricultural products that they grow themselves because they have to live the life of farmers like the Khasi who live there.
The party will not sit idly by and will not listen, but will take strong measures and the party will also take strong action against those people who protect and sell the country and the nation.
He also visited the start of cleaning of the road from Nongalbibra to Siju by the PWD department.
Nongrim Hills SC started to strengthen their game and in the 90th minute Supong Lemba Khongwir scored the third goal before Justerwell Tham confirmed the win. scored the last goal in the 90+2 minutes.
The program was conducted by Gameliel LC Mylliem, Assistant Commissioner, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem and he welcomed the participants.
The most obvious case of irregularity by these foreigners is the DDU-GKY, where these foreigners have sought permission from the Assam government, but they are implementing it in Meghalaya. No one from Meghalaya has been found, and no Khasi youths have been found who want to be trained there.
Not only the high level language but the discrimination in all areas, has appeared not only in the rympei but in all social media and even in the media whether through channels and books. message.
The FM transmitter at Community Radio Station (CRS), Nongstoin will operate on 100.1 MHz of Band FM, while the FM Transmitter at Williamnagar will operate on Band FM 100.9 MHz.
The match between Thangbuli and Umladkhur ended with a draw in the Super Division Football League organized by Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) at Ladjaplem Stadium, Amlarem on Thursday.
Regarding the explanation of the convener, Bah D.Tyrsa, all the members agreed to set up a special committee to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
The Siangshai from East Jaintia Hills has 10 children and the department has promised that those between the ages of 2 to 14 years will be placed in orphanages in East Jaintia Hills. Jaintia Hills and the department will also provide assistance until they reach the age of 18 years.
Their actions to divide West Bengal should be brought to the fore.
These delays in implementation processes have created many problems.
Because we stand on a foundation that allows us to move because we live in a free country without restrictions.
The Khasi vote share will be the same for all the candidates but I believe other ethnic groups will turn to the BJP,” said Joshua.
Good, righteous and true people have a little writing here and there.
“For this reason, they have been detained and the KHNAM will take other measures if the government continues to act on this issue,” said KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah.
The President of the IOA said that the new office bearers have just taken over the post of the Indian Olympic Association and after a thorough review of their work, they will hold talks with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association to discuss the year. for the National Games in Meghalaya.
The tournament was organized by the Sikkim Amateur Swimming Association and Meghalaya will be the only state in the region to be invited to take part in the tournament.
Shillong: The KSU Wa pung Unit, after receiving a complaint from the residents of the village and after finding for itself that the networks like JIO and BSNL, in the village are very poor. On 30th July 2021, members of KSU Wapung Unit under the leadership of Vice President Samla Nidalut Siangshai, General Secretary Samla Shwari Ryngkhlem and Publicity Secretary Samla Shibait Rymbai immediately went to meet the Managers of these two companies at their offices.
“According to the Constitution, there are three parts – split, merger and dissolution of the party, but for us, we will not dissolve the PDF but we will merge the two parties to become one tomorrow. , we will make official the rules and the merger with us will be according to the rules that have already been laid,” he said.
"All of a sudden he came to meet me," said Deng. "Do you mean he invited you to work like he does?" “Yes, you tell me that this job is good because there are times when you don't get a lot of money,” said Deng. Deng asked for permission. “I'll think about it now, I haven't decided yet,” said the mother and listened.
Also present at the festival were the I/C-Dean of CAU, Agriculture Scientist and many farmers from the Eastern Region.
He said that the first festival was held in 2018 and later they planned to hold it in 2022 but due to the outbreak of Covid-29 they could not hold it and this year they will be able to hold it. to make this second feast.
Regarding this issue, Edmund Mawsor General Secretary HYC Umdang Shallang constituency, urged the MLA of the constituency to take action in this regard.
“The Employee Association has not come to meet us or to give us any word to hold the strike.
The District Animal Monitoring Committee, South Garo Hills District has conducted a public awareness campaign for the meat vendors at Baghmara Market.
He added that even if they meet, they end up saying “To, to”.
In Zone 1 Group A, East Khasi Hills CA will play against Ri Bhoi DCA while in Zone 2, SGH will play against East Garo Hills DCA. the beauty of nature.
He said that just to get the 40%, the government used to propose other projects to get only 40% but now the central government will not allocate any more funds to the government. this state if the state government fails to account for all its expenditures over the years.
There was another Frenchman who came with a group of crematoriums, who was sitting next to us. When he understood that we were laughing, he came and said, “Oh, here they have been playing Christmas songs for a month. October?" We explained to him that the idolaters were foreign Hindus, and he thought that the one who composed the Christmas song was probably stupider than them, or a wise man who she shed them.
Sangma said that in this regard, he has already held talks with the village leaders and leaders of the area and they have agreed that the situation should be better. The Government will continue to develop Mairang District.
On 26th June, 2021, the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) Amlarem has invited applications (Advertisement) for the post of LDA and Process Server. Two persons have been appointed for the post of LDA according to the advertisement issued on 26th June, 2021 and the notice issued on 19th June,
Bah Oral Mawthoh DSO gave the welcome speech and after this, the march-in of the students was added and Ms Isawanda raised the flag of the sports department and took the pledge of the students.
On the occasion, Bah Donald V Thabah General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) was the chief guest, Bah Oristar Syiemtwa who was the chief guest. Dohling, former Vice President of HYC, Charlie Rani, President of UHM, Artis Ryntathiang, President of HANM, Kitbok Thabah, President of AMDA and others.
One of the attempts of the MDA government to hide the killers or shooters is the investigation of the shooters who killed (L) Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew in Mawlai.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The BJP has announced that it will contest the MDC elections to the Garo Hills District Council on March 12,
On the same day, the Draft Electoral Rolls will be distributed to the political parties at the Conference Hall, DC Office at 11 am.
It is now 50 years since we got our own State and in the midst of our journey we can see that we are still far behind in terms of skills and ability to do various jobs especially in the field of development. the growth of the State.
The owner of this shop who is also one of the winners of many competitions in the state said that this shop has been set up specially in Jaintia Hills so that the people can easily find various items in their own area. and they need not go outside the city to get weapons.
“Many foreign tourists have said that they have traveled around the world but they have never found such a unique and handmade tala,” said Bah Michael. “But now this market has started to disappear due to the lack of market”.
These members have resigned from their various positions in the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the party, on the grounds that they cannot accept that the reason for the party's inability to reach the The MLA election 2018 will not be held by the President alone, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
The Minister said that the deadline for the completion of the hospital is November 2024 or about a year.
This disciple of Jesus wrote this article in 70 AD with the knowledge that Jesus was fasted in the wilderness of Judea.
In the past, parents or children used to spend time teaching and showing their children the way they should walk, the language they should learn. speak to them about all the things they should do in their daily lives.
Shillong, March 04: “To bring peace and stability in the state from the protests of the political parties demanding the implementation of the ILP, it is necessary to call for a table of dialogue,” said the Congress leader. Salseng C Marak, when asked by reporters what is his personal opinion on the continued protests of the political parties demanding the implementation of the ILP. to complete 5 years as Prime Minister, he made it clear that it is only through dialogue and not through conflict that an understanding can be reached.
They were accompanied by BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang, Rangbah Shnong and members of the Dorbar Shnong.
The six GMJ members who will leave for Delhi include Giri, Trilok Dewan (Darjeeling MLA), Harkabahadur Chetri (Kalimpong MLA), Rohit Sharma (Kurseong MLA), DK Pradhan and Amar Rai.
Sources said the NPP will contest only 26 candidates from 29 constituencies, while three others have said they will support the BJP. The NPP today decided to select only 26 candidates out of 79 candidates who have applied for tickets, and their names will be announced tomorrow.
Bah Benedict Skhemlang Hynniewta is a Thohdur teacher at NEHU for decades and the state government has not been able to ask for advice in this regard.
If you ask many of the ancestors what they know about the sword, or about the great thinkers of the nation, the answer will be closer to those who don't know, but it's just a thought, or don't. There are also those who answer with a smile, because in the schools where they attend, the children do not receive adequate training or knowledge of the heroes of the country, who fought to defend their nation, from the to attack, to invade and to establish a new religion.
On the other hand, Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Joint Secretary of the party, said that the demand of the party that the government should register the land is to put the government in peace in terms of land. The agreement with Assam and if it reaches the court, the foundation can be laid.
When the market was opened in Khanapara, did they increase the price of these products?
“We have witnessed that tourists often sit on the top of the Rynji Valley and this poses a threat to the lives of tourists to these places and we urge the volunteers appointed by the management to ensure the safety of the tourists. In Sahksaw, the authorities have been urged to stop the traffic on the Doi Doi Bridge which has just been constructed to ensure the safety of the people passing by. stand.
This will eliminate many young people who want the form.
Goa, which was scheduled to play against Tripura today, had to cancel.
This number of cases between the two sides in the KHADC, will cause a strong stir in the Council.
On the other hand, Bah Ransom Sutnga, NPP candidate from 17 North Shillong, expressed his satisfaction after the confirmation of 19 units in Jaiaw Pyllun.
These countries have a 2,106-mile border and will complete the signboard by
The Tripura government has announced plans to appeal to the Supreme Court along with a Special Leave Petition (SLP) to resolve the issues arising from the The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Manik Saha, said that the recruitment of graduate teachers.
Although no casualties were reported, many houses were destroyed by the storm, which occurred in the afternoon. Sunday.
:On the 25th November, 2023, the Photjaud Youth Assembly through the Singing Committee held a Food Festival at the Society Hall, Pyndenlyngdoh Market, South West Khasi Hills District. , MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest.
Here we remember that Jesus said, “Now from the fig tree learn her parable: when her branch is now become tender, and putteth forth its leaves, ye know that the summer is nigh” (Matthew 24:32).
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: U MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, Bah D.Jyndiang, has expressed his deep sorrow over the allegations which have affected his personal feelings as an MLA. the newspaper (not in U Rupang), today.
One kilo can be sold at T.200 to T.2
The order does not allow any activities to be carried out in this area which may affect the peace and order in this village.
The Congress now has only five MLAs and the signs show that there may be more MLAs from the Congress.
Indeed, it puts society, efficiency and governance at risk if someone takes advantage of or misuses religion or religious texts for the benefit of their business or political interests or even to run you're right.
He said that this festival is not only a celebration of the production of these agricultural products from the state, but also an opportunity to share the diversity of our culture as well as in the field of agriculture. agriculture and the unity that binds our people.
Reports said that the terms of this soskular will be the promises made by the PDF in the 2023 election manifesto.
On this occasion, he said that the residents have expressed their opposition to the cement plant as the village is already surrounded by many dewbilat factories.
The topography from Nongkhlaw to Mawphlang is undulating and wavy as seen at Markham.
She said that according to the rules of MGNREGA only one Job Card per household while in the village the Secretary VEC who is also the Secretary Shnong has issued Job Cards especially to his relatives. 2 Job Cards per family.
The counting of votes will also be held in the Civil Sub Divisions in Amlarem, Sohra and Mairang.
Shillong Lajong were better in the back which encouraged the Ryntih players to turn more and more to their goal and scored more goals.
The people elect MLAs every three years because they want these things.
“The face is something that is difficult to wear and all of us don't know it.
Jesus said, “Life is more than food, and the body is more than clothing.” This means that the human soul is more precious than the things of the world.
The letter of Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, which was sent to the media, shows what he wrote to the DGP, Meghalaya Police, on 13th July. and sent through Bah M Kharkrang SP East Khasi Hills (former), in which Bah Sain, congratulated the police, for treating the family members of Bah Nongtraw, when they went to the police station. Sohra, in these days.
“It is in this way that the BJP is misleading the people of the country as well as the people of the state.
However, in the end, the ruling government gets whatever it wants to get the approval of the House because it is majority, and even if the MLAs or MPs in the opposition give their opinion, it doesn't. don’t benefit because the government won’t listen.
The woman also filed a complaint against the City of Senatobia in Mississippi demanding $2 million in damages.
In the first minutes of the match, Weiloi FC showed their skills in the game and tried hard to score but none of their goals came true. too.
Sohkymphor won the title by 27 runs against Mookhep in the final T20 cricket tournament organized by the East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) at Mookhep Stadium on Saturday.
Mawlai SC and Laitkor SC have scored 10 points each in the first leg.
The injured CRPF personnel include Shesh Nath, Horel Prasad Tiwari, CS Ronald, Nilesh Rathore, Ramjee Singh, Amrit Kandula and AK Lakhikanta.
Not only that, the child also explained to the union that she has not received even the salary she should have received since she worked in the house.
The villagers have to own these schools and have the right to ask questions when their children do not learn anything even when they have reached the sixth and fifth grades.
This has surprised and thought to the Seng that perhaps it is only for the personal benefit of one or two village authorities that they have forcibly decided only 4/5 members without the consent of the people and this has created dangers. pat him who is good afterwards.
Regarding the Tura Parliamentary constituency, it would be better if we allowed the national parties there to think for themselves how to act and whom to nominate as their candidate. They cannot win the seat, but what they can do is to support someone or to vote.
“We will see whether the BJP will take action after we have submitted the full report or whether it will be like a dry storm without rain,” he said.
In the first innings, Meghalaya needed more batsmen to stay in the game, but the highest score was 27 runs between Pushkar Raj and Pushkar Raj. and the Lift.
He said that in this election, the party will contest alone without any alliance with other parties.
At the same time, the Leader of the Opposition said that he had talked to some of the Seng Kurs and they have expressed their dissatisfaction because they have to register themselves as party groups.
We should congratulate these organizations who have taken the lead because if we leave it to the police and the government, we will not reach anywhere.
Ardent said the meeting was called because at the General Council meeting of the HSPDP last month, not all the members were invited. Many members of the party wanted to hear the explanation from the leaders for the 2018 elections so the day was chosen to hold a public meeting.
Riquoma Rq.Laloo in his keynote address explained the journey of Panaliar Village to find ways and means to raise funds for the village.
In this regard, Jesus had already foretold: “I have come in the name of my Father (God), but you do not receive me; if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive.
She also admitted that many other parties had offered her ticket but she did not succeed and chose the Congress party.
Police recovered a foreign-made 9mm pistol, a magazine, five bullets and a mobile phone with a SIM card, said Defense PRO, Guwahati, Lt Col SS Phogat.
Nongrum said that if the forests from Lum Garo remain calm, the time will come when they will not own the land of the Khasi.
In this regard, on 12th June 2024 at 4 pm a meeting was held at the office of SDO (Civil) Amalarem chaired by Dr Abhishek Saini, IAS together with SDPO Amalarem Sub-Division, Dr Seiboklang Buam, SHO PS-Muktapur and BSF chiefs. At this meeting, the facts of the incident (which have refuted all these allegations) were presented and thus the matter was resolved.
TMC candidate Andrew Shullai and former MDC Madonbai Rymbai were also present at the meeting.
The NHS authorities said: “For the past three months, there has been a sharp increase in the number of cases of children's illness, in which they have severe symptoms and requires emergency treatment in London and other parts of the UK.
Shillong, Nailar 23: “From now on, the state government should consider carefully before introducing any Bill, before introducing a Bill in the House, the government should have received a thorough explanation from them. “The government has been misled,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM KHADC. The High Court has dismissed a PIL against the post of MLA and MDC by the same person.
He said the Government has thought about this, and the district authorities and village authorities including the Rangbah Shnongs have been monitoring and keeping records of those who come.
However, do these farmers reach the farmers or are they just for example?
Other worst affected districts include Majuli with 47,163 people and Golaghat with 40,921 residents.
“We have already stated that this Bill was introduced urgently and was handed over to us just before the start of the Special Session,” said Bah Titos W Chyne.
The opening ceremony and blessing of the Seminary will begin at 10 pm and 10.30 AM Eucharistic Mass will be led by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh along with the Priests from the 18 Parishes of the Diocese of Jowai. and from other Dioceses near the Diocese of Jowai.
Shillong, July 10: The KHNAM Youth Wing has found through the Public Information Act, that the military has sent a new proposal to the government not to allocate land to them.
New Delhi, June 26: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCoEA) chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the opening of 157 new Nursing Colleges in non-Medical areas. The college has not been open since
According to a source, the incident happened on the evening of the 13th of this month at 6 pm when unidentified robbers and They came to abduct the man from the village near Tynghor.
The Court, in its wisdom, has upheld the unity that we, as the people of India, cherish.
However, when promoting this crematorium as one of the tourist attractions, we must remember to preserve its beauty and we must explain to the tourists how to protect and care for this crematorium when they come. visit it".
“As the elders of the area who used to speak or stand for the people of the area, we feel very sorry for the CM's visit to the area.
“Until now we don't know how the UCC will be implemented by the Indian Government and that is why we don't want to criticize or support,” he added.
“The KHADC has passed the Village Administration Bill while the government intends to pass its own law on Rangbah Shnong,” he said.
Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP will contest Shella, HDR Lyngdoh of the Congress will contest Sohiong and Metbah Lyngdoh MLA of the UDP will contest Mairang. In Mawthadraishan, the contest will be between the HSPDP and the UDP.
“For the construction of Shillong Tamabil road, the government has been able to acquire 90% of the land but only about 10% of the land has not been given,” said the Minister of PWD. The construction of the Shillong-Tamabil road has 5 packages and out of these packages 1 and 5 these contractors are no longer able to continue their works. for these“he added.
George Kharbani, Sordar of Nonglwai II, who also owns the land where the road should pass, said that on his part as Rangbah Shnong and land owner, he wants the The construction of this road is based on the documents that have been surveyed since the beginning of the survey.
It is illegal and against the law of NEHU to pass any budget without the approval of the University Court.
Meanwhile, the screening center at Bajengdoba will only screen those who enter North Garo Hills and East Garo Hills districts.
This comes after the All India Football Federation (AFF) launched its schedule last month.
Shillong, Nailar 5: BSF troops on Tuesday night arrested a boat carrying stone from Khyndong Mawprah, which is 150 meters east of Mawprah. Dawki Bridge.
We also know that he has been in the midst of many problems until he had to be removed from the post of CEM of GHADC but he is still being appointed as Chairman of RPDB”.
She said that even the teachers in high schools who have received salaries in the lakhs, still have many shortcomings and still want to get more, especially the primary teachers at a low salary.
After it was removed, many questions arose.
The bench also said that although there are no directives from the central and state government departments, the plaintiff saw that many of the rules have not been followed and the local level committee has not. works at all.
Furthermore, Bah Jason also congratulated the village as a whole especially the women's and youth organizations for their cooperation with the Dorbar Shnong for the development of the village. and especially to monitor the evils and also to improve the village as a whole.
The traffic jam lasted for several hours but the ground was cleared on Sunday evening after a puh shilum was brought.
I have also sent this letter (perhaps longer and more detailed to various parties and leaders) and we will also write to the state government.
The location and weather conditions were beautiful.
Sources said that the intelligence agencies rushed to the scene, but when they arrived they could not find even the Chowkidar in charge of the school.
“The purpose of the PMMSY is to increase fish production in the State and the income of fish farmers.
The coaches are Biningstar L.Mawlong- Coach (Boys), Threza A.Sangma- Coach (Girls) Wickbond L.Mawlong- Manager.
After the resignation of these three members, the opposition ARPA has now reduced to 10 members, while the ruling PDF has 15 members after the resignation of HDR Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 09: Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala has written a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to complain against the Special Branch of the Assam Police. writing to find out about the Christians in that state.
The People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday decided to join the National People's Party (NPP) tomorrow, after a meeting of the General Council. May.
“We are a nation that respects women and the explanation from the DHS (MI) has been clear but the Principal Secretary has tried to protect the relationship between the Ministry of Health and IIPH,” he said. “The Government should take action against the allegation of the Head of IIPH against the Women Doctors of the State,” he said.
Do you want to open your mouth to the Dkhars and Garo?...The way is to show the Khasi to fix and help the Khasi.
Many of the people gave their full support to my demand because they knew that inside the school there were many things that had misled the whole way according to the right and the truth.
“The election committee is ready to look into all these needs.
Heavy rain, in different places.
KSU Narpuh Circle also sent its condolences to the family members of Bah Salbinus Dhar.
The Assam police have started demanding driving licences.
The first match will be between Mawlai SC vs PFR FA at 11 pm, followed by Upper Shillong Colt vs Rangdajied at 12:30 pm. Tura, July 18: The women's football team of Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District have reached the final. football tournament in the fourth Meghalaya Games.
Shillong, July 23 : The Congress on Monday welcomed the NCP MLA from Gambegre, Saleng A Sangma after he resigned as the leader of the constituency.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: On the evening of the 7th at about 2 pm, there was heavy rainfall with strong wind and lightning. Seven cows were found dead in a field outside Mawsngapwir village in West Khasi Hills.
The loss to the State Government is also huge, because if the coal transportation is immediately banned, the loss will be about Rs 150 crore per annum, that too from the revenue collected from Ri Lum Jaintia.
In fact, earlier, the HNYF Dawki Circle had sent a letter to the office of the SDO (Civil) Amlarem demanding that the trucks should be driven slowly so that it would not interfere with the traffic of other vehicles.
They also requested those who received the awards not to receive them on this day as a sign of protest against the government's decision.
On the other hand, the HNPF strongly condemns u Deibor Suchiang who should have been a protector and helper in the suffering of the villagers but has turned into a sheep-skinned Suri. They also lodged an FIR against her husband, in which they strongly condemned his involvement in the sale and purchase of women and children.
They said that the children who face the same problem are the children who live from Raitong to Nongjri and within this area there are many villages and hundreds of school children. students living in these areas face the same problem.
Fear rules until the search for the truth is very difficult.
They will remain closed in April
During these three days, there will be no celebrations of the state government and the flag of the country will be hoisted at half-mast in all government offices of the state.
MePDCL Chief Security Officer Nakiew K Syiem has been promoted as Assistant Inspector General of Police (R) and Darwin M Sangma has been promoted as SP West Khasi Hills.
Besides, the report card is also false and fraudulent.
Once the documents have been completed, a sticker will be issued to be placed on the doors of commercial taxis.
The purpose of this program is to help explain to the public how to download the Modi App which is a public relations program that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has created so that the public can track and search. information on various schemes and programs implemented by the Central Government.
However, it is understood that from the first month of November, the election campaign will start to slow down and many political parties have prepared their various programs to go to the constituencies where they will have to contest the mid-term elections. .
Rahul suffered a hamstring injury while batting in the IPL 2023 match between Lucknow Super Giants and Royal Challengers Bangalore. 1st of this month.
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health have estimated that we can reduce the risk of diabetes by 16-35 percent by eating once a day. they don't have milk.
This repair has been carried out with the initiative of the village leaders of Tyrna, as the deterioration of the road has been extreme.
This was announced by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District after monitoring the situation of the cyclone SITRANG. Arpit Upadhayay, said that today, the 25th of this month, it is prohibited to be vigilant against the cyclone SITRANG which may also affect some parts of Meghalaya and until evening. There were no casualties affected the residents of Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, the union requests that the office should not be shy but should think for the electricity needs of the people.
Besides those great, valuable and valuable works that have been done in the state and around the world, the rich people of the state have been turned into profiteers with the intention of destroying the rich people in the state.
The new office bearers are President Eddie Morphy Passah, Vice President Sienmitre Sumer, General Secretary Aldrin Wahlang, Assistant General Secretary Waiborlang Sohlang and Treasurer Wompher Nartiang.
At the 1983 World Cup, India beat England in the semi-finals and won the title.
Besides, the EC also sought a reply from the officers on the non-functioning of the Trauma Centers in Nongpoh and Khliehriat, the CT Scan at Shillong Civil Hospital and the cleaning area at Ganesh Das Hospital.
At the same time, Rakkam said that the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of the Union Government has approved the proposal of the Meghalaya Government to upgrade these roads to National Highways as they are also National Highways. which are used by other residents of the North Eastern States.
Upon arrival at the hospital, she was taken to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU), but the next day, she died.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong on Saturday.
He said that the contribution of Bah LG Shullai to the nation can be understood from the books he has written which are also useful for the understanding of the readers.
Besides explaining about the implementation of the Solid Waste Management Act through the KHADC, Bah Pynïaid also spoke about the power to impose fines by the village authorities on those who spread garbage.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, Secretary, said that it is necessary to revise the history from the beginning to the present on the demarcation of the border.
The investigation has revealed that the theft by the forest guard happened in the years 2011-'12 to
Whether this is a political struggle or not, it is not but it is done after finding out all the facts.
China's top leader Qinn Gang made the announcement on China's refusal to sell or export weapons to both countries (Russia). and Ukraine) in the midst of their war.
These scholarships include the Mahatma Gandhi University Scholarship Scheme (Bapuji Chatravritti), the Prime Minister's Scholarship Scheme (PMSS) for the academic year 2022-23 and the National Scholarship Portal for the academic year 2022-2
Informing about this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the order will be issued soon.
He urged the residents of the state to cooperate with the government by ensuring that the projects and schemes implemented in any area run smoothly without any interruption.
Some Indian leaders said that Japan's decision not to send its Foreign Minister to the highest summit to be held in India shows that Japan does not India, and that it respects only the G-7 summit under its leadership.
This policy will unlock land for coal and power related assets and this will pave the way for investment in backward areas of the country.
Twenty-four states will take part in this tournament and all 2 or 3 states will compete.
To show others that we have dignity is through our actions and words.
Speaking to media, he said the Congress party has deteriorated and will not be able to win many seats in this election.
Referring to the promise of James Sangma, Rumnong said that the Minister of Electricity has promised to take action on the issue of JACMSC and will hold a meeting soon.
Furthermore, on the one hand, the Dorbar Shnong would like to congratulate the family of Bah Evansis Jones Myrthong for continuing to do many good deeds for the community and on the other hand, He also urged the residents to use this parking lot properly for the benefit of the people and not to misuse it, he added.
“I cannot say whether I will accept or not if they elect me as the leader of the MPCC, but if the authorities elect anyone, we are ready to accept that assignment of duties to us,” he said. he said.
“It is a great achievement in which Meghalaya has shown to the world that despite the delay in introducing digital governance, it has gained a reputation and many have started to face.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on Thursday announced that there are 17 more residents who are still positive for COVID-1
Regarding the markets from the 15th of this month, they have been opened according to the guidelines of the district administration and all vendors or traders who live in the area of ​​Seinraij have to ensure that they have been vaccinated against COVID-1 live in the land of the Jowai Seinraij.
“I have already spoken to the Government of India and we will not proceed with this project, but we are opening the door for the Government of India to cooperate with the State Government and others,” he said. and to see how we can use the money for this purpose.
However, the sad thing is that this river has been polluted by the copper factory which was built near the Rwiang River near the bridge.
"I want India to declare the moon as a Hindu Rashtra and this decision should be taken by Parliament," said the Hindu leader, speaking in a video on X (or tip before you Twitter).
He said there was no attempt to attack or take their lives without sufficient evidence.
After the discussion, the BDO of Khadarshnong-Laitkroh Block, Bah Present Tynsong together with the police, allowed the KSU leaders and women to enter, but the people were kept outside.
“Any person who takes the law into their own hands by taking advantage of the situation by creating distrust among the Christian community in Karnataka is strongly opposed.
Until the mind and heart have fallen into the abyss without hesitation.
Jowai: The Indian Navy divers at Khloo Ryngksan have recovered the body of one of the 15 workers who was buried in one of the coal mines at Lumthari Khloo Ryngksan since the 13th. in November last year.
According to Robertjune, Prestone has promised that the government will not give more time after the expiry of the 30 days.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya urged the people of the state especially those in Umwali to be vigilant and avoid bloodshed with the people on the border with Assam.
He said that MLAs who cannot serve the people as they wish should be rejected completely.
The letter was sent to the Chairperson of the Committee and Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh a few hours before the first meeting of the Committee on Monday.
Speaking to this reporter, many of them said that the MeECL department has not counted the employees, the self-employed, because it has suddenly extinguished the fire, and they alleged that the department has not counted the employees. counts only government offices that do not operate on Saturdays.
The nomination papers of the other candidates have been completed as they were checked earlier in June on the day of checking the nomination papers.
He said that as everyone knows that the market has now become a place of crime and if the market is built in Mawlai, it will destroy the villages nearby. you don't have to build a market.
We also remember when he saw the weeping and weeping of Mary and Martha when they lost their brother Lazarus, Jesus wept, I think it was out of compassion.
In compassion:- Jesus was filled with compassion for the crowd (Mk 6:34) He said, “I have compassion on the multitude”.
At 8 pm the students came to the hotel and Rahul Gandhi had the opportunity to talk to them.
Now there is talk that the beef sellers, when they search the cows smuggled to Bangladesh, but they are accused of demanding money and becoming robbers and this is the law of these days.
Jowai, November 20 : The West Jaintia District Open Badminton Championship (WJDSA) Jowai on Saturday concluded the final of the Open Badminton Tournament 2022 at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium. Jowai East, where MA Challam (MCS) was the chief guest.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pa'iem Ricky said that it was not his visit, but just a visit before the government authorities visited the site.
Thus it shall be 70 days.
Rupsing said the newly constructed police station is located at Khatkasla, West Karbi Anglong, Assam-Meghalaya border.
This target has been achieved in just 18 months, with 2.86 crore households getting electricity.
The competition has also been recognized by the World Athletics Federation and the Athletics Federation of India.
In the case of having more than one account of a beneficiary, which is more likely to be found in MGNREGA, the beneficiary has the option of choosing an account.
On the allegation that the NHAI has not built the bridges, but has used the village bridge, Prestone said, “We don't see that there will be such a writing and I don't know anything about it but it is the responsibility of the state government. It is only to hand over the land after the inspection of this bridge.
' Then I asked again, “Why is the day of Jesus' death called 'Good Friday,' why not 'Bad Friday?' The children could no longer answer.
This blood flowed from the cross to the ground.
Ms B.Thabah stressed on the need for parents to take care of their children, especially in this age of mobile phone use from children to adults.
This information is made publicly available on the company's website.
The construction of the city will take place in 2054 and will be completed in 2100. At that time, people will be led to live in the new city, said the founder of and ABIBOO, To Alfred Muñoz.
The Ministry of Education has also requested detailed information on the interim arrangement between IIPHS and MLCU for the conduct of examinations by the MPURB.
"It's your fault," said the mother.
After listening to the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC), Sutnga Elaka on Thursday once again decided to hold a public rally to force the government to close down the Coke factories on the 13th. November 2021.
Noting that there are two phases of the construction of the stadium, Conrad Sangma said the first phase has been completed and includes a football field at a cost of T 50 crore.
Bah Latiplang Kharkongor also warned the Village Authorities not to issue NOC to any company without the prior knowledge of KHADC. Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that it will stand firmly against the demand for Garoland if it is demanded according to the map drawn by the former Achik rebel group. The National Volunteer Council (ANVC) was established by the Central Government in
When the vehicle was searched in front of the public, seven boxes of soap filled with stem rong soh powder were found and after testing, they were found to be heroin. Police have arrested three persons, Altab Hussain, Anwar Hussain and Pranjal Das.
The District Magistrate, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Thursday announced that the markets will be allowed to open for three days next month on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday.
He said that the fire inside the factory has caused a huge loss to the factory, in which the loss has reached tens of crores of rupees, as all the equipment inside the factory has been destroyed. The factory was destroyed by the fire.
Furthermore, the houses built of dewbilat have also been destroyed since the Monolith Festival was no longer held.
The state government should tax such people because they come from outside the states and don't allow these people to steal the wealth of the state.
In the men's race, Kobarlin Doloi came first, Vincent Diya came second and Rigenson Diengdoh came third.
After killing her, he threw her body in the same forest known as Khloo Umbuit.
Speaking in front of thousands of supporters who attended the TMC meeting held at Umroi, Bah George B.Lyngdoh, TMC candidate from Umroi, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident. NPP supporters in Umroi Constituency, in which he said this, referring to the recent incident in Umroi, where his wife and relatives, were assaulted by some Remembering the incident, Bah George Lyngdoh, u Bah George Lyngdoh, said that he was able to speak to the crowd, which caused all the supporters who came to witness the incident. meeting, that they may be silent.
Speaking to media, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui said that there are 3779 candidates for Arithmetic in 59 Centres, 8 candidates for Statistics in one Centre, 49 candidates for Statistics in one Centre. Physical Education subject in one Center and 28 Western Music subject in 2 Centres.
The two women were identified as Jasmine Sangma, 45, and Ritima Sangma, 40, both from Karaigora. They are residents of Bholabita village in East Khasi Hills district.
In this regard, the union urges the district authorities to take action and prevent the entry of foreigners through the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat, especially at such times when foreigners come to smuggle into Meghalaya. After the Assam government implemented the NRC to smuggle foreigners.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : The Cabinet on Monday approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Professions, Trades, Callings and Employments Taxation Act, 1947 which aims to impose penalties on those persons who do not pay taxes. .
RUFC, who came second and lost to Shillong Lajong last season, will play well especially after scoring two goals in the second half and playing a big role in the first semifinal. .
At the same time, the police have arrested Setbingstar D.Shira alias Negro from Rongjeng Sengma.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the Poor People Movement who explained that the party supports JACAMFU on the demand for a law for the farmers. it works for the poor and peasants.
The plane was scheduled to drop relief supplies to the worst affected areas of Uttarkashi, Chamoli, Pithoragarh and Rudraprayag districts including Kedarnath. The group of 70 well-trained members has been informed that these 70 members are now in dire need of food.
The Government has also set up four C&RD Block including Mawlai to be separated from Mylliem in East Khasi Hills, Bhoirymbong to be separated from Umsning in Ribhoi District, and Demdema Block to be separated from Selsella in Ribhoi District. West Garo Hills and Reapara to separate from Betasing C&RD Block in South West Garo Hills.
“The disease has affected the cows in Assam.
We also pray that the soul of this Rangbah who has gone to eat kwai at the door of God will reach him peacefully and that his soul will rest in peace. rwiang will protect and strengthen all those who have a close relationship with him.
“The Government should address these issues of the teachers.
We have begun to address these challenges.
This training will make the child a perfect person in all aspects of his life whether in the way he works, the way he lives in his daily life or the way he has manners. or even in social behavior and attitudes.
Shiparalok-Mairang Presbytery won a cash prize of 35,000 tyngka and a trophy while Rambrai Presbytery Women's Church won 15,000 tyngka and a trophy.
The suspects were handed over to the Madanryting Police Station for further investigation.
CHAPTER – 4Time passes quickly and doesn't wait for anyone.
The actions of Hamas have angered Israel and its allies.
The WJHDEF under the leadership of Dy.SP Mac Joel Marngar in the presence of SI Binan, Incharge Ummulong Beat House, Dr. AL Rymbai Volunteer Doctor of WJH DEF and others held the event. Ummulong Beat House on Saturday held a public hearing on COVID-1
He urged the teachers to be responsible and skilled in their work.
According to reports, the child was vaccinated on March 1; The next day, his mother took him to the Community Health Centre, which is located at the same place, where he was told that he had a fever and a sore throat. you want your ryndang.
“The HNFY Mawlai circle requests the government to immediately withdraw the police and stop the search for the members of the HNFY Mawlai circle. but like in Kashmir or Afghanistan,” he said.
Sanbor said the party leaders will discuss with these political parties which are willing to cooperate for the formation of a coalition government in the state.
The arrest of these people is a protest against those who speak out against corruption in Ri-Lum Garo.
Psiar village is located on the border of Assam and Meghalaya and is 50 KM from Jowai.
The length of the riat, Bah Rymbai said, was about 170 meters, which the police had to throw down with tyllai inside. When they reached the riat, they found that the driver of the riat was The car died hashen and his body was inside the car and he was lying on the steering wheel.
Drew understands that if she takes her own life, so much trouble will come and fortunately with the understanding and help of her friends she has escaped from doing something wrong in her life. .
Shillong, July 1: Dr. Mukul Sangma has written a letter to AICC President Sonia Gandhi and Vice President of the AICC. Rahul Gandhi.
The Israelites suffered for 1875 years without mercy or deliverance because God spoke.
The heart of the matter: it is true and true that the experts say that the ten husbands who know only the mai, the kajia and the iashrut, almost run away and die to each other.
I have always felt and understood that many of the tynshop puron in the state have not appreciated this effort of ours as a union.
“The North East is known as one region, but each law will not suit everyone and discussion is needed in each State, especially in those States, which border with South Asian countries,” said the prime minister.
For those clubs in the Divisions above the 3rd Division, if they do not renew within this year, they will have to start again in the coming years.
Manipur has 31% reservation which includes all STs.
Shillong, July 29: Field Marshal Mawphniang, Shillong, has resigned from Umroi Constituency for the MDC election.
The garbage from Iawmusiang is no longer collected and transported to the landfill.
“For us, the draw is a loss,” he said.
This was in response to an unstarred question by BJP MLA Bidyasing Engleng, in which Himanta informed the House that Mukroh village is still under the jurisdiction of Mukroh. It borders with Assam and falls under the jurisdiction of West Karbi Anglong District.
It is like eating too much and rushing into marriage without thinking about the consequences.
No person shall hold these cows by the neck, legs or carry them away.
The result of the final match will decide who will qualify for the Upper Division this season.
A nation that does not understand politics and does not love its own nation can disappear completely from this earth and at the same time politics can destroy any nation.
The child received a phone call from people who claimed to be Sharma's relatives and threatened her. She was also raped by a group of people on a motorcycle. SPUNER Police from Delhi rushed to Rajasthan to investigate and ensure that nothing happened to her.
He said that in relation to other issues, the JAC will submit a petition to the state government departments to express the grievances of the people and will continue to follow up on other development projects in the state government. the area for the good of the people.
The bank management had ordered them to come on 29th November 2015 and when they went they found that the bank was closed on that day.
These samples include 25 from Ri-Bhoi, 3 from East Khasi Hills and 5 from South West Khasi Hills.
The meeting was held at Circuit House Jowai in the presence of both Deputy Commissioners, Garod LSN Dyke of West Jaintia Hills and Bah E. Kharmalki of East Jaintia Hills along with AdCs and EACs from both districts. SPs were also present at the meeting.
The Finance Minister of the Bangladesh government, did not attend the budget presentation and talk to the media because he was afraid of dengue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sirdar Tynriang (Pynursla) said that the Dkhar Bangladeshis have entered an area on the border with Bangladesh, known as Shimaw. It is located in Tynriang District and is far from the border of India and Bangladesh, but it is a place where there is no signboard at all.
“We cannot solve the problems in a moment but we will start with an easier path where we will take care of the adhoc and SSA teachers first, then we will improve the schools and then we will The Education Commission has submitted a policy (not required) to resolve the issue in the right manner.
Regarding the people coming from outside the North Eastern States, the state government has directed them to undergo RTPCR test and will not be allowed to enter the state without receiving the report of the RTPCR test, he added.
I am not a judge.
During the programme, blood donation was explained and said that it is not bad or does not harm the body, but helps the body to get better health. health.
This is the second time that Dibrugarh has suffered from the cold weather.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSA) has decided to continue to promote the sports. At present, all the sports to be held include Archery, Athletics, Arm Wrestling, Archery, Athletics, Arm Wrestling, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Cycling, Football, Golf,.
In a statement, the party said that it has witnessed that in all the areas occupied by the army, there have been many riots and this has caused problems to the people living in the area. marjan, in which as an organization that looks after the welfare and welfare of the people does not want such conflicts to continue in the future and that the indigenous people should become refugees in their own country. Country.
Besides, the Governor said that this has been witnessed in all the Government departments in the country whether it is during the COVID-19 vaccination campaign, the increase in export trade, the field of energy efficiency across the country, the distribution of electricity and water supply to households.
In the quarter finals of the Under-17 Girls' Category, North Liberty Higher Secondary School and Jowai Government UP/RMSA School won the Under-17 Girls' Football Tournament. Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that 97 percent of the MDCs have contested the MLA elections. In 2018, 26 out of 30 MDCs have contested the MLA elections. This affects the working of the councils.
He said that the KHADC has suspended its Forest Guard a few days ago. The source said that the T.16 lakh is the money that the Council has received from the government to improve and protect the Forest Guard. the forests of my country.
It was also decided that they must provide all the necessary documents such as an attested EPIC, which shows the right place of residence.
On the part of the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, Bah Linus Lyngdoh, while speaking on the occasion, he expressed his happiness and promised to provide the best service to the people according to the customs and traditions. as he was empowered to take this leadership position to be that High Priest in the administration of nature.
The 'My Hero Campaign' under the YESS Meghalaya Scheme will also open the door for you to participate.
Shillong: The Central Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has inspected the cleanliness of the Umngot River.
These drugs were seized from shops and restaurants Chow and Momo located between Mawlong and Motphran markets.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday launched its Manifesto for the Lok Sabha elections for which the first vote will be cast on the 19th. April.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: The government through the PHE department has delayed in the implementation of one of the schemes known as the Umsning Greater Water Supply Scheme which started in 2011 at a low cost. On this basis, the leaders of the UDP Youth Wing Umsning Assembly today met with Bah S.Lyngdoh, EE, PHE Umsning Division, to inquire about the amount of T.11.28 crore. and to demand the implementation of the scheme which has been in place since
Shillong, Nailar 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that Balajied was shot dead along with Samla Dapbiang Shullai and Samla Rocky Shylla. The National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) has been arrested by the state police at the right time.
One of them is laminated NCR A4 paper, because if you don't, you will be sent to Bangladesh.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Dorbar, Bah Lyngdoh said he appreciates the promise of the Prime Minister to follow up on this issue from the Central Government.
Bah Vivek praised the residents of Madanrting area for their cooperation with the police in which they often help to arrest criminals.
Daniel said – while I was praying and praying.
Instead of focusing on the development of the MCCL, the Government's intention is to shut down and strive to promote the development of foreign-owned dewbilat factories from other states,” he said. state.
This is a warning to the Christian churches to turn away from the evil of Jezebel who destroys and destroys the eternal life of believers in the Word of God.
However, he called another sister to sit in the shop and send her to school in the evening.
Figo Syndai in the 34th minute, Shano Tariang in the 54th minute and Riborlang Dkhar in the 57th minute scored the goals for Jarain FC.
13.79 MT of seeds have been produced in 2020-2
Earlier, the UPSC had approved the names of RP Agarwal, interim DGP, UR Chandranathan DGP (Railways) and AK Sinha Casshyap ADGP in-charge training and armed police.
What is the religion of the world?
We express our condolences to those who died in the bombings in Colombo, God knows and sees all this, and He will reward those who did this. claim.
He said that on the day of the placard to demand food from the MLA, only five people had planned to take part. “It has prompted many of them to come out to show their protest in front of the MLA with placards,” he added.
In the Under-16 boys Single category, Jovial Meborn Kharjana won the title while in the women's category, Tolylyne Basaiawmoit won the title.
Nepal now recognizes parts of Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadhura as part of Nepal.
Those who later will suffer only because of the ignorance and wisdom of these leaders of this MDA government. This government does not pay much attention to education and does not have any programs and policies. all three years lynter on writing and reading.
The incident happened near the All India Radio and the tree was lying on the ground floor of the Raj Bhavan.
Damaitphang Lyngoh has signed a two-year contract with the club, marking his return to the club after witnessing a defeat at Bengaluru FC. known for his exceptional playing ability when he appears on the field.
The people have money, clothes, many kinds of income and perhaps, they can support the investors, even if they are more intelligent, that if they reach that limit, many will support the Foundation and the Life. straight.
The NPP leader said that if anyone offers money, the people should accept it but should not vote but to win back Bah Samlin.
However, there are now vehicles in every village to collect the niut.
The tournament will be held from 17th to 19th July 2023 and this is the first time that the Ri-Bhoi Boxing Association will hold such a tournament in the district. Assam, West Bengal, Sikkim and Meghalaya will participate in the event.
The testing will now be conducted in the homes of the people near the market as well as those who work or visit the shop.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, said that these persons have been investigated for nine days but the court has allowed the police to conduct investigation within 10 days. in the case of Smit.
“We from the UDP and as all the people who have never experienced or seen these dictates and intimidations, we want the BJP to respect the Constitution of the country and follow it. the foundations that are marked within it, so that the different peoples of this country can live and work in their own customs, language, worship as they please and so on. -ter.
The prize money for the competition is 50,000, 30,000 and 20,000 tyngka in three categories including SUV, 1300 CC above and 1300 CC below besides trophies and certificates.
It is also sad that these days, we see that the members of the State Legislative Assembly have become like school children, in the executive or in the judiciary. judiciary) and if so, it shows that the tree of democracy has been cut in two.
On the other hand, Dr Lamare said that it is necessary to celebrate the end of the First World War as 'D Day' to pay special tribute to these heroes but there was no celebration. In Khasi and Jaintia Hills and only in Garo Hills this day is celebrated.
New Delhi, Jymmang 23: AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal will remain in jail till July 6 after he refused to take bail for his remarks against Nitin Gadkari. corruption.
He said he expects the members of the House to discuss with understanding and respect for each other.
During the elections, they use the same money to distribute to us the people to deceive us and convince us that we will win them again.
