Therefore, we have come to meet and ask for clarification from the DC,” said Ma C. Lamurong, Vice President Ministerial Unit.
Bony Lyngdoh, Inspector of Mawphanlur Tourist Spot, said that the poor condition of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists and if the government does not repair it soon, without Therefore, the tourists who come to Mawphanlur will not come as they did in Nongkhnum.
The capacity of the treatment plant is 15.00 million liters per day.
The center was inaugurated by AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in the presence of Ram Kumar S, IAS, Mission Director, NHM. Meghalaya.
The withdrawal from the peace talks is after the demands they have put forward have not been met and if the demands we have already put before the government are not met and they will continue to carry and fight with arms. .
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Bah Sadon K Blah has said that the violence of the Assam government has been happening from time to time and the inability of the governments in Meghalaya to resolve the border issue for many years. u sam, you have gathered many paradoh parasnam.
I will never forget the behavior of some church leaders and political party leaders who denied corruption and denied the protesters demanding the implementation of the anti-corruption law, the Lokayukta Act, in the State in the years 2011 to
Shillong: Police have arrested three Nigerians from Dawki on 8th November 2019 at 2 pm.
Dr. Munjpara Mahendrabhai said that a time limit should be set for the implementation of government schemes and the implementation should not be delayed for the benefit of the people.
Otherwise, Shillong will face more deaths and tragic incidents.
Amlarem, July 12: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of July, It will be released to all Fair Price Shop Dealers until 15th July, 2024 according to the following rules.
When there was a shortage of schools at Pine Mount School in Shillong, some protested and it was immediately resolved but not in the rural schools even after 50 years.
“How can you be ashamed to destroy a ruid child who trusts and respects you,” said the mother of Rida.
At present, mobile phones are one of the main reasons why children are unable to prepare books if they don't know how to use their time.
Not everyone is brave.
According to a source, the situation in Garo Hills does not require the use of martial law to fight against the insurgents as the state government cannot fight on its own with its own assistance. the central government.
The case has now reached the court, where the hospital has received an order from the court in July, that it will continue to operate without any interference. .
You don't need to pay for it.
This illegal quarrying has caused damage to the road.
Therefore, the Seng Samla Hima Langrin said that perhaps the time will come when their protest will not only reach inside Phlangdiloiñ or on the streets but the protest of the party will be before the District Council.
However, at the same time, he encouraged those who love and listen to his songs, by saying that when he stops, he will start singing again, because the job of composing songs for him is not difficult, that it only takes a day or two per song.
We see that the kings of the Babylonian Empire were idolatrous kings who could not speak.
"Bah Brington Lyngdoh also took part in the discussion and brought along two dictionaries written by AS Shylla and Nissor Singh.
After taking oath, Conrad assured to strictly curb the illegal mining and smuggling of coal in the state.
“It is true that he has spoken in Parliament, but Bah Sanbor's allegation is not true because he himself has never spoken in Parliament, he has never come to Parliament,” he said.
Musk said the goal is to have a new function of the brain in the next 25 years and that is that the brain will be connected to the functioning of apps in the year to come.
“It's like I'm going to spend it every year,” said the mother.
The Sohra Labor Union supports the Government's efforts to prevent the spread of the Novel Corona Virus and the Union expresses its support in this regard.
So he urged his brother to sleep that night.
Teilinia said that earlier, she was a member of the Sub Committee of the UDP and HSPDP and in the Sub Committee it was decided that the UDP will not nominate any more candidates to allow the HSPDP. I don't know the members of the committee, but the UDP has announced its candidate from Mylliem constituency for the 2019 MDC election,” said Teilinia.
Regarding the garbage dump and the sale of land in Jowai, the DC said that the district administration together with the Jowai Municipal Board and Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla have held a meeting. From time to time to find a suitable place to get a complete garbage dump.
In this regard, Mumbai police later said that this was a false report received and ordered the authorities to conduct a thorough investigation.
The invitation of only the leaders of the 8 villages in these areas while many of the villages were not invited at all. The leader of Domiasiat Village, has shown the scientific strategy of the Government as a proverb that accepts in the light but sits in secret just to create the means and methods to extract this mineral.
He said that these organizations pay a license fee of Rs 30,000 to the shopkeepers and Rs 5,000 to the ticket shops each. year.
Compared to other countries in the world, India is still one of the lagging countries in terms of cleanliness.
On Mount Horeb in Sinai, there were thunders and lightnings, and God spoke on the mountain when He gave the 10 Commandments through Moses to the children of Israel.
The game was very interesting as Lajong played well from the start and had many chances but missed many chances.
People with other serious illnesses requiring hospital or ICU treatment must wait 4-8 months before receiving the COVID-19 vaccine People can donate blood after 14 days of receiving All mothers who are breastfeeding are recommended to be vaccinated against COVID-19 if they have tested negative for COVID-1
In a statement sent to the media, the President of the Meghalaya SSA School Association, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that on 3rd November, 2023, the State Government has sent the Sanction Order to all He said that regarding the salary, the Minister of Education has informed that the Education Department of the Government The state will release the money only for the months of June and January, 2023 next month while the remaining salary for July will be released later.
The indigenous Twipra community now accounts for only 30% of the population in the state and has become a minority, he said.
“We have seen that the MLA of Mawhati has said in the news that if those Tiwa get ST it will not affect the employment of Khasi Jaintia and Garo according to the reservation policy.
Not only that, there is another problem and that is, the increase in the number of vehicles going to the Dawki River, which has increased the traffic jam in the area.
Wandame Phawa scored in the 7th and 50th minutes and Charelang Phawa in the 53rd minute.
The Manchester United Supporters' Trust (MUST) have called for an expedited process to complete the implementation process to allow the new owners of the club to run the club. the entire group for the current winter sell-and-sell market.
There are 7,07,267 confirmed cases so far.
Out of the 2,209 cases, 1,618 cases including 73 armed forces personnel and 1,545 civilians have been reported in East Khasi Hills. There are 15 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 225 cases in West Jaintia Hills district, 28 cases in West Jaintia Hills district, 33 cases in East Jaintia Hills district and 195 cases in West Garo district including 44 armed persons. forces and 151 civilians, 36 cases in South West Garo Hills, 10 cases in South Garo Hills, 14 cases in East Garo Hills and 24 cases in North Garo Hills.
Shillong: The Congress Opposition today demanded in the House for Article 371 (J) to protect the state from the laws of the Central Government like Nagaland, Mizoram and other states in the country. .
He said that the EVM, which had a request for clarification from the Election Commission, was placed on tables in the Strong Room and was not placed together with other EVMs. that there is no problem in recognizing the EVM, and unnecessary voting machines can be released.
This stone cave has two rooms, one for sleeping and one for cooking and one for sitting as a courtyard.
When the match resumed, Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union, Ethelbert Khongrymmai, said, “If the government does not do anything within this month, we will take other measures”.
He said that to accuse 1-2 people of shouting the flag of the party is unfounded and as it is, this is public land, not private land.
He said that students from leading institutions like IIT and IISER have been selected for this scholarship.
Furthermore, the HNYF leaders visited the road leading from the main road to Pynursla CHC after receiving a complaint that the road is in poor condition despite being one of the most important roads. send those who are sick to this hospital.
They don't have a pass training to build or to learn.
This is a bad thing.
On this occasion, the Minister also distributed work orders to 17 groups including SHGs, Village Organizations for their outstanding performance and also distributed awards to the women who have worked and won in the competitions. you shall not work in your own works.
Jowai: On the 11th of this month, a Rangbah Nowel Thaiang Sariang of Mooriap village, Labang-Nongphyllut Elaka, has been arrested. , was shot dead by a group of Karbi in Shyrngan village while he was returning home from Parish Umpawiang to pay for his children's bicycle.
According to the report, there are about 57 illegal coal mining factories in Shallang area and four of them have proper permits.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of education, Prof RC Laloo on Thursday said that the government has not been able to recruit 225 teachers in lower primary schools due to There is still a case in the Court against the teachers who have been denied appointment.
Due to this election, the government has postponed the examination to March
He urged the villages and the people to be vigilant to prevent crime in their villages.
The High Court also said that it appears that this case has been taken and implemented without discussing the importance and impact of it.
According to the order issued on Tuesday, the fete raffle draw is allowed and the organizers must first obtain permission from his office and the SDO (Civil), Amlarem.
Nidaiar Kamar scored the goals in the 65th and 70th minutes.
Shillong, Nailur, 25: The Assam Rifles on Thursday seized 55.80 kilograms of methamphetamine tablets worth 5,05,000 grams. .167.86 crore.
Until now, Dr. Mukul Sangma has not started implementing this Act, because he who is the creator has not done so, because without this Act, there are many other protective laws which do not exist under the Act. state, and the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
He said the government will investigate and study how this happened, which may be due to lack of resources or other reasons.
It was learned that besides the preparations to join the NPP of these two MLAs, the PDF is also preparing to change leadership in the KHADC and this will continue.
UBC Traffic Police Officer Patrick G Momin, UBC Traffic Department, has said that there has been a traffic jam along the Byrnihat Highway due to heavy rain and heavy rain. for the sake of the peace and stability of Meghalaya.
On the demand to remove the temporary appointments, the DC said he has sought clarification from various government departments on this.
Here Jesus did not praise Martha for her goodness.
In her letter, she also wrote against Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut, saying, “Sanjay ji, you are not from Maharashtra.
“The Chief Minister has also said that the students of the state do not need to write the CUET to continue their studies. “But they know that if they want to continue their studies at NEHU, they have to take this examination when it is too late. Will the government take responsibility for this misguidance of the Prime Minister,” he said.
“Now it is in conflict with clause (d) of Article 19 (1) and it is the same to be allowed under Article
Mairang, Nailar 9: Although this is the age when students, whether school or college students, are moving towards the Internet, but Pyndengumiong Village Council has looked farther for the students. by opening the Village Library at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, which is the Village Hall.
Resource persons including High Court Judge W Diengdoh, B Laitmon on the POSCO Act and NALSA Scheme, 2015, AD Wanniang on the EIPAS Scheme will explain. , 2015, W Shabong DCPO on Child Rights and Protections, Dr G Kharpuri MHO Rambrai PHC on teenage pregnancies, L Lyngdoh Asst.Director Social Welfare Department, T Diengngan BDO Nongstoiñ, SP WKH HG Lyngdoh, AM Pariat, Chief Judicial Magistrate, Nongstoiñ and others.
viii) We should create new ways and means that do not affect the environment according to the present era and not just destroy our environment.
“However, there are departments which have invited applications at the district level which allocate 40% for Khasi-Jaintia and 40% for Garo which is against the Reservation Policy. “If there is a shortcoming on the part of the department, he has promised to resolve the issue,” said Bah Robert.
Shillong: Former Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also the Chairman of the MTDC, has launched the idea to erect a statue of Khasi freedom fighter Tirot Sing Syiem at Dhaka, expressed his surprise to see that instead of a 10-foot statue, a half-foot statue has been erected on the opening day on Thursday.
The CSWO said that it is the duty of the KHADC to stand against this action of NEEPCO which has attacked the land owners with the help of the police in the area, who just held the dorbar shnong. The union said that the police have promised that the village will get a road and other development works but until now the road which started construction 30 years ago has not reached the village. now.
Dr. Batskhem said they were surprised to see that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah asked the VPP MLAs how many kilometers of roads they have built, how many hospitals they have built.
They also said that they have met with the management of the company which is constructing the road, to request them to expedite the work and to reach an agreement with the Meghalaya Power Distribution Private Limited as soon as possible. Limited, for the purpose of relocating these electric posts, so that the work can be done more quickly.
In Meghalaya, three years after the introduction of the policy, the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has decided to implement it from the academic year 2023-' , which will begin on January 1, 2023.
Bah Francis Syiemlieh While the custom of Ai Jait-Kmie of the Khasi is still secretly and inside the Khasi to deceive the Khasi men and women, to deceive them and to weaken and destroy their character. distinctive, unique, sound, resolute and integral, the laws of the State and India such as the CROMA Act, the KHAD Act, Dual Law); The AADHAAR Act and the CAB (Central Antagonizing Bill) are still being used to enslave and exclude foreigners by the authority of the law. (to encumber and to consume us whole through the power of the law itself).
“There have also been complaints against some parties who have used social media during the silence period, which has been taken into consideration and has been resolved,” he said. added Mr. Kharkongor.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPCTA) has staged a protest in front of the MBOSE office since yesterday. I didn't allow them to stand in the place where they were protesting.
Another is by covering, painted tins and other methods of manufacturing.
At the meeting, he also set a target to reach 9 lakh people with the vaccination in the next 40 days in the state.
During these days, there were many programs such as traditional song and dance competition, music and put competition, tyrko competition, skit competition on the theme 'Mission Life', and talent hunt. and others.
The Tripura Government has decided to upgrade 11 police outposts to fully fledged police stations to improve the quality of services. furthermore, activities related to the maintenance of peace and order in the state.
According to the provisions of the Assam Accord, the names of foreigners who came to live in Assam on or after 25th October, 1971 shall be removed from the list. voters of the state and steps will also be taken to repatriate them to their countries of origin.
He was arrested on charges of setting up a camp at his farm in West Garo Hills.
Girish Nair, Founder-CEO of Curiosity Gym, conducted these sessions and also met with parents to explain to them the importance and benefits of STEM for their children. that por that is now.
The meeting was attended by HSPDP President Hopingstone Lyngdoh, Vice President Ardent Basaiawmoit, Witting Mawsor, LG Nongsiej, Pyniaid Syiem and Grace Kharpuri. , Teilinia Thangkhiew and other HSPDP leaders. Immediately after the meeting, Rupang spoke to one of the party leaders, Bah Witting Mawsor, who said that all the members of the party Those who attended the meeting agreed to take a decision to expel Fenela immediately.
Thus, the Bible was refined, and in 1250 AD chapters were added, and in 1551 it was divided into verses.
If we talk about the fact that there are those who live and work in the Shillong Municipal Board and in other departments whether it is the State Government or the Central Government, how can the Government employees show power to the Government? “If the Government wants to leave, they have to leave,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar on Thursday.
Before handing over these blankets, a short meeting was held where they were welcomed by the Chairman Shnong Bah Kwit Khyrwang in the presence of the elders, women and children.
The committee urges the residents to cooperate by following the rules of driving and urges the residents to refrain from lighting or burning fires to avoid fires such as respect for the preservation and protection of the natural environment.
“The KAAC has set up its revenue collection gates at Jatalong, Madan Umwang, Sabuda, Umlaper and Mawsaladiang and the presence of these revenue collection gates has upset the people and I urged them to The CEm should take action on this issue.
The Word that comes from the mouth of God is the law of God, the law of God, and the power of God.
We are like those thams inside the dabor who destroy each other and that is why we don't reach the goal.
The new cases include 124 cases from East Khasi Hills, 32 cases from West Garo Hills, 12 cases from Ri Bhoi, 13 cases from South West Garo Hills, 3 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 7 cases from East Jaintia Hills. Hills 4, South Garo Hills 3, West Khasi Hills 4 and East Garo Hills
Bah Banjop said that the club invites others whether from offices or businesses to send their teams to take part in the tournament. He also said that this is an opportunity for those who have the ability to express themselves to the world.
According to sources, the house was used by the Woodland Hospital Shillong as a storage facility for the hospital.
The Super Division Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy will start on the 18th March with the match between Khimusniang and Shangpung Lumiawmuchai at 2 pm.
Nongstoiñ, July 28: On the 27th of this month, Nongstoiñ PS received a tip from the Rangbah Shnong of Langlew West Khasi Hills, that a man named Tiar Sing Sohshang, 68, of this village, died at his home after being shot dead by his son.
Purojit Mondal scored two wickets for 15 runs in four overs and Akash Choudhury scored two wickets for three runs in two overs to give NFU a 43-run lead.
She said that there is a sharp decline in peace and order in the state where we are all in turmoil, the society is filled with crime in the state.
The village has already planted more than 50,000 tree seedlings on July 5 this year which is the Environment Day awarded by the Basin which belongs to the state government.
The NEHU Students' Union (NEHU) today left for the posts of University Engineer, Controller of Examination and Librarian in Guwahati. the VC to ask for clarification.
“You see in J&K, statehood has been abolished and Article 370 has been abolished and this disaster could happen to the 6th Schedule in the state if the BJP comes back,” he said.
They said that he had carried a lot of drugs to escape being arrested by the Bangladesh army because the drug has been banned for use in Bangladesh where the number of cases has increased.
In my opinion, I think that the Ieid Ri song should be like that song “Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War are the Khasi people”.
The government should not protect the employees who cannot serve properly and should punish them,” said Kitbok.
On the other hand, the Department has canceled the work of Iawmusiang. The Department is in the process of calling for tender for the remaining works for the construction of Iawmusiang.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency, said that the UDP party has the hope that in 2023, the party will be able to become the leader or form the party. government.
Avinash, who scored the highest run for Shillong Cricket Association A, was dropped by Jeffre Chyrmang (1/68).
Due to the excessive shortage of water from the Dam, it was necessary to purify more Alum to help purify the water at the Mawphlang Treatment Plant.
“Therefore, I request the Government to ensure the construction of the fences and building for the Civil Sub Division as soon as possible,” he said.
Wahlang has summoned all the Executive Members of the Dorbar Shnong and leaders of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to the police station to discuss the matter.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for 31st June.
During the match, the ball hit the head of Bruna, the Brazilian goalkeeper.
“I wanted to send this one letter to Syiem Atiar, but he went in a hurry, I couldn't find it anymore and so I sent another letter.
According to him, the ruling party in the central government has taken this opportunity to raise issues for the benefit of the people of the state who need attention. of the Central Government of Delhi.
Shillong: The election of the candidate for the post of Lamphang of the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has been stirred up after the coalition partners have fought for the post.
“People who are diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease have a life expectancy of 50 to 50 years,” Berntsen said.
After meeting with the agriculture officers, the Seng found that there is no announcement issued by the government to recognize the year 2020 as the year of agriculture. Farmer.
“During the election campaign, there was no talk on issues affecting the state if you look at the unemployment of the youth, if you look at the Them Motor or the Roster or the border issue. “There is no one to speak because in other parties the issues affecting the state are not taken seriously because they think that the election is just a spectacle,” he added.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The installation of CCTV cameras has helped the police to arrest those involved in crimes, according to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri. There are 83 incidents that have been arrested with the help of CCTV cameras across the city.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong will set up a place for these machines where people who want to test them can do so.
He said that on the other hand, they also want the state to keep a count of how many people from the state have come to flee to the state.
In a meeting with the EE PHE, RWS Division, Jowai, after the expiry of the deadline, the EE PHE, said that the office will send the report to the DC within two or three days and after the decision of the DC they will take the final decision.
The program was held at the dorbar hall of the village and the census of the number of disabled residents in the area began.
The game from the beginning was really interesting and exciting for the spectators.
On Monday, Tuesday and Tuesday, vehicles ending with numbers 0, 2, 4, 6 & 8 will run, on Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, vehicles ending with numbers 1, 3, 5, 7 & 9.
The meeting was also attended by MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh, MPCC General Secretary Mansturday Nongrem, WKH President Boldness Nongum and others. the leaders of the party.
The Word of God was proclaimed by Deacon Ebormi Dkhar, distributed and explained to the faithful by Father Ferdinand Dkhar.
Robert Pattinson will not be able to film in the coming days due to the virus.
They also requested that if they are allowed to open the market, it will be in accordance with the rules and regulations. in which the people who will come will buy the produce and take the produce away in vehicles to transport the produce.
Have they summoned them to appear for questioning on that incident,” said Lambor Malngiang.
Shillong, Nailar : Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw together with the four Dorbar Shnongs of Mawlai, including Mawiong Umjapung, Mawiongrim, Mawlai Nongkwar and Mawlai Umthlong today met with the Minister in charge of Water Resources. PHE Renikton L Tongkhar at his office to express their demand for water from Nongpathaw for the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM).
Before the meeting, it was announced that Vincent H. Pala MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat who is also the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, will attend the meeting. he could no longer come and it caused the people to be very angry and shocked.
The suspension of studies puts students in trouble and anxiety.
There are 3167 polling stations in the state.
At the time of writing, the people were still gathered at the scene but due to the presence of the BSF, no violence occurred.
On the 29th of this month, these two teams will meet again as in the final of 2022, which Mawlai won 2-1 in extra time. time.
At the same time, he said that the state government should now consider for the purpose of expediting the complete resolution of the border in the second phase with Assam so that such problems can be avoided. the border is completely cut off.
It is to be recalled that last month, the two state governments had agreed to start oil exploration in 10 of those areas, which are in dispute between the two states.
The Seng hopes that through their initiative, the settlement of the border between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam, in phase II, Mukroh should fall under Meghalaya.
EKH, who won the toss, took the lead and scored 132 runs.
Gogoi tested positive on Tuesday and Saikia tested positive on Friday.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District on 23rd of this month issued a directive and urged all the residents of the district to follow the safety measures and to facilitate the health workers to monitor the people. who is not infected with COVID-1
He said that at the meeting with the leaders of the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturing Association (JHCMA), they promised and arranged that all the factories should set up quarries at Byrnihat and also promised to use the trucks of their members. the JHTOA does not carry dewbilat.
However, to promote them in sports like badminton, table tennis, boxing and others which have to be played in adequate halls.
Referring to Meghalaya, the authorities have not been able to curb the sale, production or distribution of food containing drugs, one of the reasons is the There is a shortage of officers and food inspectors in the state.
We are grateful to all our friends from near and far who have come to extend their condolences to our family.
Shillong, June 22: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma in a statement issued on Monday, June 22, oa road to improve the police registration card in the state.
The 70th Pnar Thor Presbytery Service held at Baikam Church, Cachar Sepngi District from 7th to 9th July 1997, suddenly without any planning or discussion in any committee, The Presbytery decided to divide the Presbytery into two Presbyteries, the Pnar Thor East Presbytery and the Pnar Thor West Presbytery.
The decision to bring back the Meitei to Manipur was taken by the Manipur state government after a video of the two Kuki women being raped.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Movement of Coal Owners (MIPRL) today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan to protest against the repeal of the Coal Owners' Act. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned coal mining in Meghalaya and to challenge the Village Administration Bill (VAB).
If the elders had said, "Don't throw away the garbage at night, lest you throw away the valuables", the children might not have taken action; but if they had said, "You will be blind", the fear of that blindness will keep children from doing so.
The time when Jesus was born.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle has met with the Driver Associations of Riwar Mihngi and Export Associations to think carefully before importing goods to Bangladesh. The government has decided to open it on the 9th of this month.
To complete a needle you need a needle, to cut a needle you need a needle.
Therefore, it is necessary to take measures to stop this illegal mining immediately so that they cannot transport the illegally mined coal and the authorized coal”.
The BRS led by KCR or K Chandrashekhar Rao has ruled Telangana for 10 years while the Mizo National Front (MNF) led by Zoramthanga has ruled Mizoram for 10 years.
The VPP leader also urged the people to be vigilant against any attempts by the MDA synrop groups to discredit the party in order to get a vote of sympathy.
Speaking to the media on Thursday, Isawanda said the most important thing is the playground because the grass could not grow in time.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Police have arrested the Joint Director, Mechanical, Directorate of Agriculture, Bah Ropsil Lamare, along with sufficient evidence. received the amount of money he had demanded for the construction of the puh shilum.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Dr Sushil Agarwal, Consultant Psychiatrist, International Hospital, Shillong, today spoke to Dr. Sushil Agarwal, Consultant Psychiatrist, International Hospital. I was arrested at the Dispur Police Station.
It is this that governs the life of the flesh and the Spirit.
The opening ceremony was attended by the family members of these elders, the village leaders and the residents of Laban.
The dorbar will last for three days and will end on the 22nd of this month.
If the NGT does not respond soon, we on the part of the people will have to go to the government to ask for food, said the residents of these villages.
Shillong, November 29: On the 27th of this month at 8:50 pm, unidentified robbers shot dead a mentally disabled person identified as Ganesh Debbarman from West Tripura while riding in a Tripura bus (AS-01Q-2529), the incident occurred at Pomura under Mawryngkneng PS. to the surrounding woods.
“Preparations are underway to construct a 4 Laning road throughout Shillong Thymmai at a cost of about T.150 crore,” the source said.
This has created a lot of problems for the people especially for those poor households who cannot afford to buy pipes, motors or water pumps.
The transportation of agricultural products and the roads shall be as determined by the Deputy Commissioner.
It is also at this venue that the Tourism Department of the state will announce the date for the Cherry Blossom, the winners of the Meghalaya Music Contest and other programmes.
Banerjee has promised that if the TMC comes to power, she will take action to restore the land that Assam has taken from Meghalaya. held at the State Central Library.
It is learned that water may be in the fire of the celestial body and therefore they will send robots suitable to go to these crematoria, in order to search for living creatures, which are inside these crematoria. cream.
Regarding the maintenance of bad roads, Bah Tynsong said the government has taken measures by introducing the rules that there should be no warranty for the roads which are projects. which are funded by the state government.
In the Under-17 Boys category, North Liberty H/S School beat Little Flower HSS Ummulong 1-0
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) today met with the Chief Minister, Conrad Konkal Sangma at his office to discuss the issues related to the holding of the National Games to mark the 50th Anniversary of the National Games. achieve full statehood by 2022.
So 7 weeks + 62 weeks + 1 week = 70 weeks.
All publishing sources will follow these guidelines.
The Dorbar Village Council of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills has demanded the immediate construction of the National Highway 6 which passes through Wapung village which has been suspended until now.
Do not allow young children to eat garbage or to put any small objects such as coins or coins in their mouths as these can cause breathing problems.
On the other hand, the family members urged the law enforcement authorities to investigate and punish those involved according to the rules of law.
He said KHNAM is still waiting for an invitation from the UDP on this issue, as it wants the cooperation of the ethnic parties.
He said that the complaint was lodged for the benefit of the people but it turned out that it was for the sake of the elections.
U Wailadmiki Shylla (MLA) in his speech congratulated the owner of this school as well as the owner of the school. lad you of you.
The sumo was seized at Tongseng Narpuh village after KS Suchiang, General Secretary KSU EJHDU and Phanuel Tongper, Vice President Narpuh Circle, received information from the sumo tourists. that is not Bangla.
The first leg of the quarter-finals will be played on 11 & 12 June, with Real showcasing their skills against Chelsea in their last match. - home (Santiago Bernabeu) before traveling to London for a rematch with the same team a month later and Man City in their first home match against Bayern Munich. Munich.
The DC said that the victim who was hit by a petro bomb by the robbers in his shop has gained strength.
Other speakers on the occasion were Emeral Langte, Thanbor, Cornilius Nongbri, Working President of UDP Ranikor Circle, C. Syiemlieh from the office of BDO Ranikor C&RD Block, Alfon. Kharryja and from the Minister of Village Council, Bah Iktiar Langte.
Nongstoin: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, in a statement issued today, said that in compliance with the order issued by the High Court of Meghalaya, the District Administration and the Police Department have worked hard and taken strict measures to curb the illegal operation of coal mining factories within the District.
Between the ability to express even the smallest things with your loved ones through social media, it is what can bring closeness and a sense of peace.
Therefore, the Lyngkhoi Lai Kpoh Kur, who live in Siejlieh West Khasi Hills, after the state has turned 50 years old, has decided how to treat the nine elderly children of the Lyngkhoi Lai Kpoh Kur. They were the leaders of the Hill State protest.
On 23rd July 2018, the Cabinet also introduced an amendment to the Meghalaya Registration of Birth and Death Rule 1999 to include transgender persons as third categories besides men and women on the date of birth or death. .
The order will close bars and restaurants in Los Angeles, Fresno, Kern, San Joaquin, Tulare, Kings and Imperial. Costa, Santa Clara, Sacramento, Riverside, Ventura, Santa Barbara and Stanislaus.
He said that a friend of his who used to preach together in 1973-1974 and his daughter lived in Mussoorie in Uttarakhand and they were ordered to leave the country. hours and they left but the order was extended to those who were still in the middle of their studies.
The quarrel for Rida caused the quarrel between her mother and her father until that night my father did not go to bed together as usual.
As long as we rely on others, we will not be able to distinguish between falsehood and truth.
Nongpoh, Nailar 24: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh today inaugurated the University Hospital of Ayurveda and Naturopathy (UHAN). and about 100 students at the University of Science and Technology in Khanapara.
Nongstoiñ, June 22: Premature marriage is still rampant in West Khasi Hills especially in the rural areas of the district. parents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that Meghalaya is a rainfed state with 63 billion cubic liters of rainfall per annum. The Government has been able to collect only 1 billion cubic liters of rainfall.
“But Niakha.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: After 17 days of burial, the body of an SI policeman, Pearlystone Joshua Marbaniang, who died at his police station at Pathar Outpost, has been recovered today. on the 13th of June at the Catholic Cemetery, Umpling.
Section 139 of the Border Security Force Act, 1968, empowers the Government of India to make laws which it deems appropriate and these laws must be approved by Parliament.
On this basis, the HYC with a sense of responsibility has taken this step to invite, educate, encourage and guide the people of the Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep that we should elect the Nongsyhnar responsibly and by accepting this work.
Not only that, but, sadly, besides losing the church, she also lost two souls, who were also married and the death of these two, it is understood that it will be when the sky begins to clear, which is after 4.30 or 5am.
On the other hand, he urged the people not to be misled as he will continue to distribute schemes to the people if he wins again in
Speaking on the importance of health in the daily lives of the people, the Chief Guest urged all those who witnessed the program and especially the poor women, to take advantage of the The establishment of the Sub-Centre at Nongthyllep Village, by going for treatment and examination and to take their children to participate in various vaccination programmes, which the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare conducts from the for sha for.
“He should balance the needs of the Central Government as well as the condition of the colleges in the state.
Those interested are kindly requested to call
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has expressed his concern over the spread of the disease across the state. The spread of the disease has been controlled but the positivity rate in the state has increased significantly.
Nongstoiñ, July 04: The rapid spread of images on social media on the issue of the Khasi people should give their jait to their fathers has caused confusion among the residents of Nongstoiñ, said Bah Dominik Lynkhoi, one of the residents. He is a prominent singer and maker of traditional Khasi musical instruments who lives in Mawlangdep West Khasi Hills.
Such people want to insult and insult the writers as you have seen on facebook.
Former KSU President Daniel Khyriem was the chief guest in the presence of Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU Central Body, KSU Jaintia Hills leaders SS Niangti, Ohibait Dkhar and members.
In 2022, the college has been able to resume these certificate courses such as Spoken Hindi, Diploma in Computer Application (DCA) and Data Entry Operator (DEO).
When attempting to contact the Engineer of the State Sports Council, Bah G Khawmawphlang, he was not available at the office.
Three people died, one woman and two men.
It will not last because this Christ or the beast will stop the Jewish animal sacrifices at the end of the first three and a half years.
After these batsmen, Heiyomiki Ryngkhlem managed to stay until the end of the innings and scored 28 runs.
“There should be only one opinion and the discussion should be one voice,” said Samuel.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement issued today said that the word 'peace talks' has become a political joke.
St. Anthony's H.S.S. also won by a goal against St.Gabriel's H.S. 5-4
Nongpoh: A youth has been killed in a road accident on the NH-6 at 2 pm this evening in Nar-ang village. lost his life and two of his friends were seriously injured.
However, the youth of Garo Hills have rejected the promise of the Prime Minister who has requested them to continue the protest. About 1000 youths from the area attended the event.
U Singh, who is ready to ride in the MDA vehicle immediately, doesn't lose anything, he gets one of the two seats as he got in
Apsanchi S.Marak, 12 yr, Miss.
The tournament was held on the banks of the Nondeiñ River and although it was a small tournament, the youth of the area from different villages came to participate.
The incident took place at Chidaogre village near Babadam, under Rongram Police Station, West Garo Hills.
On the occasion, the MLA handed over the documents, the keys to the Children's Park to run the village, and there was also a cake cutting and other programmes.
Earlier, Bah Jyllud escaped from the hands of the police at the Civil Hospital, Shillong when he was taken for examination after being arrested and later arrested again and detained in Ri-Bhoi. However, today he was brought to court and while the time has not yet come for him to be brought to court, he was placed at the DC office under police guard. to flee again.
Regarding the dispute over the tax gate of KAAC which has been going on for more than a month, the union urged that this should be taken immediately and brought back. He said that the Forum is ready to cooperate with the peace and stability among them.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: U Bah Michael Kharsyntiew on Saturday decided to contest as an Independent candidate from North Shillong Constituency in the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on 27th June, he was rejected for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) ticket.
Shillong: There have been 329 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
He said that other groups have emerged which are promoting Aadhaar and they have been asking for money from the people in the name of the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhaar. The committee has no information and does not collect money.
The HNLC leaders have promised to give a large sum of money including new vehicles to these members of the Sleeper Cell to detonate IED bombs. The HNLC has raised its flag in the past years after receiving orders from the leaders of the HNLC in Bangladesh.
Gold is good, there is also Onyxs.
WASHINGTON: Elon Musk has become the owner of Twitter, having bought the world's largest social media platform for $44 billion.
The AICC leader also admitted that 386 churches have been destroyed and 70,000 thousand people have been displaced and besides, the Narendra Modi Government has not approved the Foreign Contribution (Regulation). ) Act, 1976 which provides financial assistance to Christian enterprises in the North East.
It is worth mentioning that the government has sent the bill to the KHADC three times and has ordered it to amend the wording of the bill which contains 17 items. It has directed to send it back to the Government for review and consideration before approval and sending it to the Governor.
He said that according to the records, there should be 1.41 lakh tonnes of coal in the area, but during the inspection today, it was found that there is no coal at all according to the estimate. government.
That too is human nature.
On the post of CFO, the CEM admitted that there is a dispute which cannot be disclosed as it is in the court, but he said that the Council has one CFO and one Additional CFO. He said the EC will discuss to set rules for companies that come to set up within the Council's boundary to employ the youth of that area.
Pynïaid Singh Syiem has been in charge of the General Administration, Finance, Posting and Transfer, Establishment, Appointment and other departments which have not been handed over to the EMs. The CEM has been appointed to the Department of District Administration, Law and Legal Affairs.
He said that for about two months there had been an argument between him and Jitendra but he had not informed the police. and tells that Jitendra is following her.
Up to 93795 people have been infected in the past few years but 92199 people have recovered.
The purpose of this Act is to have its own State University to provide higher education and technical education in the fields of Humanities, General Sciences, Engineering, Physical Sciences, Life Sciences, Commerce, Performing Arts, Professional Courses, Technology and other subjects.
After a while, the Gauhati High Court in 2013 transferred the PIL to the National Green Tribunal.
Antioxidants act as anti-inflammatory and help the immune system.
Faith Back, a band that has been sent since 2013, is a popular band and plays rock songs from the 1980s.
The next hearing will be held on June 20,
“Every day is a holy day and it does not mean that people are clean and believe in God only on one day of the month while other days are unclean,” he said. on the objection of the group.
The value of these cows, which were seized, is T.12 lakh.
We don't have to pray for you.
Jowai, March 02 : The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today held a Half Marathon to mark the 50th Anniversary of the Golden Jubilee. in the category of men and women aged 16 years and above.
The UDP wants the NPP to support the NPP in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, while in Garo Hills, the UDP wants the NPP to support the NPP in the MP elections. Narpuh area protesters have demanded that the government should set up a C&RD Block at Lumshnong in East Jaintia Hills.
Those who wish to know more about him can visit him at the Nok A'chik Training Center in Rombagre.
Saying that it is not appropriate for the Chief Executive Members to do so, Bah Rowel said that the Chief Executive Members cannot say that it is the free will of the state government where and how to do it. implement government schemes.
Therefore, in this regard, the JSU demands that the government and the education department should take responsibility for this so that the students will not face this problem.
Even the Chief Minister of the state has not given any instructions on this.
“During the rainy season, when we arrived at the school, the benches and books were destroyed,” she added.
>PVC lights should be inspected once a year to check whether they are in good condition especially the earthing.
The price increase has continued, especially in the field of vegetables and this has affected the people who have relied on jhur for food and who have never been able to eat meat or fish.
Nongpoh: Four prominent political parties in the state, including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) have held two public meetings in the state. The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) have heard that if the state government cannot convince the central government on the CAA and also if the ILP demand fails, soon There will be a group of rebels in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Seeds and seeds: Both of these are high in protein and fiber, two types of nutrients that have been shown to be able to maintain weight loss and help with weight loss. you are heavy.
The villages that came to take part in this day are Umrynjah, Umjathang, Mawsiatkhnam, Nongkalew, Umsaw and Mawtawar.
“The village expresses its gratitude to us for giving us this land, and we hope that through the arrival of the out post, it will be freed from the attacks by foreigners especially by the people of Assam which happens from time to time,” said Bah Teiborlin.
If so, the KJPA should clarify whether it is involved with the SAFF or not, because it seems that their intentions are not related to the intentions of the SAFF (although we don't know whether they will meeting with the Government on 7th November).
That party was named the Seng Khasi, and the day of its birth was celebrated as the Seng Kutsnem.
Between 2015 and 2018, he studied Theology at Oriental Theological College Shillong.
Regarding the program organized by the Seng Samla Shnong Iewmawlong, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, gave his special thanks, for doing what is right and for the benefit of the youth in the village. Besides, the RBYF leader urged the youth in the village to work together with the village authorities, so that the village can move forward.
In a meeting with Bah K.Wahlang, he said that the pipes have already been installed from the water tank and have been delivered to all the households but the water has not reached at all.
Two days after the Rangbah Shnong came to the house of Kong Lumspah, a letter arrived at their house.
“At present, the Government has not been able to find ways and means to provide assistance to the teachers,” he said. but the Government has supported the development of education.
In this group, Mawlai is the strongest team and Lumparing is the next team.
Meghalaya is one of the states in India that has its own Early Childhood Development Mission, which was launched in 2021, which aims to ensure that children receive proper care, food and drink and all the necessities while they are at this age.
Once again Jesus stood up against the scribes and Pharisees when they accused and condemned the Samaritan woman (John 8:1-11).
The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsongha on Tuesday told the Members of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly that the police have been ordered to arrest the former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council ( HNLC), Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, who surrendered before the Government.
He said that through this department, the culture of the indigenous people of Arunachal Pradesh has been strengthened and if the culture and traditions are forgotten, the special identity is lost.
Therefore, even if we build a temple of great value, it does not matter to God if the temple in the heart of the brewer is empty.
They are forbidden to take part in festivities.
A 10-year-old child understands the meaning of the verse about Thawlang and Iawbei.
Jowai : The West Jaintia District Table Tennis Association (WJDTTA) today held the One Day Table Tennis Tournament
Laporte's departure was due to the fact that he was beginning to be rejected at City, with the rise of defenders like Manuel Akanji and Nathan Ake. City have signed Josco Gvardiol from RB Leipzig.
520 sleeping bags, 127 kurtas, 52 white sarees and other expensive items were seized from them. sop the body died.
“Besides, he said that they should now try to market other agricultural products from this area.
In the effort to monitor the illegal felling of trees, the group intends to take up the matter with the Forest Department office and hold a protest.
These are the words that the man said to his wife when he went to ring the bell at the door of his house to inform her that their son was dead and that it was he who had shot him dead.
Similarly, the tools of this age of technology have a great impact on the children who are still growing up, especially the young children who are still in school.
However, in the midst of a heavy workload, I left all this in India before I went to Bali because I didn't want these challenges to affect me in conducting the games and I had to be mentally strong. ," said the Realm.
Rishot Thubru President Youth Wing UDP Nartiang Circle in his speech said that Dawan has come forward to contest this election with the aim of bringing about change and improving the village as a whole. He urged the people not to be misled by false news that cannot be accepted at all.
Any farmers who do not follow the rules to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the village authority will have to reject such farmers.
In Mawphlang and Mawryngkneng constituencies, NPP candidate Pyniaid Sing Syiem defeated Congress candidate Highlander Kharmalki from Mawryngkneng.
“Although the CAA 2019 has exempted the states with ILP including Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur as well as the areas under Article 6 which includes about 98% of Meghalaya, 70% of Tripura and about 8 districts of Assam but 27 districts of Assam have not been exempted from this Act, which is a threat to all. state in the North East, which will eventually affect the future,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Readyfernandy Sunn said that the Assam government from time to time has been harassing the residents of Meghalaya who live on the border. The Assam Government has declared that it is a land grabbing government.
The IAF stands firm in its mission to be the first aider and savior of the North East.
It is true that the COVID-19 virus is terrible and deadly but the unity of the people to support each other in this time of suffering is commendable and uplifts everyone who has been infected. by the Creator.
However, on 19th November 2019, our MLAs passed the resolution on the ILP, and also submitted it to the Government of India, but the Government of India has not yet approved to implement the ILP. ILP in our state, but it has removed the word 'KHASI & JAIÑTIA' from the preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Act 1873 which is a law passed by the British Government to protect the minorities of the northeastern part of india.
We are also building one Critical Care unit in every district of the country,” he said.
“We want to make it clear that the people have the free right to express their grievances on social media and the internet and it cannot be said that it is information. which is not true".
There are 3,062 confirmed cases and 1,278 deaths.
Most of the damaged roads are in East Jaintia Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
“I don't see myself as the Chairman of the NPP, but I consider myself as the Chairman of the MDA and all the coalition parties in the government,” Sangma said.
However, there is no indication of the remaining villages which have not yet received electricity or implemented this scheme.
The State Bank of India is one of the oldest, most trusted and most popular banks compared to other banks.
On the other hand, the union found that the school has been using the old building (Assam Type House) since the past and until now without There is no need to worry about the maintenance of the classrooms and the rooms.
The complaint was lodged against the Executive Director of NHIDCL, contractors, sub contractors, consultants, PWD department, and all those involved.
This is the country where you were born.
All wholesalers must deliver the rice to the shops of the Fair Price Shop Dealers in accordance with Section 24 of the National Food Security Act,
Those constituencies where the security will be sufficient will get the ticket,” he said.
This is a prayer that the priest can pray himself without taking the prayer of the Church.
Meanwhile, Bah Hamlet Dohling, who will contest from the PDF, said that the main issue he will do if he wins is to expel MUDA from Upper Shillong among other issues.
The rynieng ryniot is also thicker than the Daplin.
In a statement, the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak said that the cost of the project has increased again due to the delay in completion since
“It is very difficult to control because it is the personal property of a person even if there are schools that protect their students,” said the mother.
Others who participated in the formation of the KSU Thadlaskein Unit include Ohibait Dkhar, President KSU Jaintia Hills, Venus Syngkon Adhoc President, Eugene Hinge, General Secretary, Estar Ryngkhlem, President Shadlaskein Unit. The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Jaintia Zone (HNYF) on Monday formed the Ladrymbai Unit.
According to the shopkeepers, the forest department has forced them to come in the morning without giving them time or waiting until they arrive at the place to collect the shopkeepers. to clean the shops.
Therefore, on the 4th and 3rd days of the Behdienkhlam festival, the PYNSIN, MULONG, MUSIANG, MUCHAI, according to the promise of the children of Ynñiaw Wasa, will be held in the chad. .
“He said that this work has already started and expressed confidence that the talks will start soon to reach the goal as planned.
Hooid, the Government has issued an Ordinance to repeal the Khalai Act but we must not forget that this Khalai Act will survive if the Legislative Assembly does not repeal it in the next session. first of 2023.
However, what we all, both Christians and non-Christians, are deeply saddened and disappointed by is the reluctance and determination of these Christian Churches to stand up and speak out against political injustice.
The incident has spread through video and police have registered a Suo-Moto case against the incident at Laitumkhrah Police Station vide No.105(12)2023 under Section 279 of IPC and other Motor Rules. Vehicle Act.
In his speech, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, said that this is the only university in India where 50% of the students are women. India because we are citizens and at the same time to love our region and state.
According to police records, the number of kidnappings this year has increased.
The author is a member of the drafting committee which submitted the report to the Supreme Court.
Bah JM Syiem, said that there have been many village leaders from the area, who have faced many difficulties even to go to Umling C&RD Block, because of the long distance. In some cases, for one small property in the Block, it was necessary to travel tens of kilometers and this affected not only the village leaders, but also the people as well.
However, on the other hand, these are the benefits that the state receives from holding such tournaments.
Tura Police Station said that there was no evidence of any involvement of Richard in causing trouble.
The song contest was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong with the participation of 8 schools from East Khasi Hills. district and the judges of the competition were Bah B. Latam, Bah P. Warjri and Bah W. Nongsiej.
However, 73.78% of the votes were filled by women, because the votes of women exceeded the votes of men in almost all constituencies, why don't they want to vote? Perhaps it is because they know that the shap they used to print is not on the EVM this time.
When police searched the bodies of the two men, they found 22 boxes of heroin weighing 1.41 grams.
The KDA has demanded that the Social Welfare Department should immediately dismiss Joyshree Shabong, District Social Welfare Officer, Khliehriat. to Multipurpose Rehabilitation Workers (MRW).
The order for the use and release of the grant-in-aid for the scholarship was released on Thursday, 12th July 2024 by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (Scholarship Division).
The Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said that so far 6553 people have been tested and 5599 people have been negative and 939 people have not yet received their results.
Speakers on the occasion were Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO Central Body, Bah Pynshngaiñ S. Lyngdoh, President of HITO, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Police said three of the six Africans had proper documents and were released after investigation.
The son of the deceased said that the body of the deceased was found by the fishermen at 3 pm or 3 pm in the river. of the village of Traw.
Also Read : COVID-19: DC West Jaintia Hills convenes meeting on foreign trade between India and Bangladesh The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has demanded that the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department of the State Government should not rush to open foreign trade through the Tamabil Dawki LCS. 5.78 crore has been stolen from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
A statement from the High Court said on the day it heard the cases.
There is a thought that now we will not try to attack the patriots who are armed.
There will be 16 teams participating in the tournament which will be divided into four groups in Tier
The churches also fall into the same trap.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 85158 and out of these 83345 have recovered and 1485 have died.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: A misunderstanding and verbal fight has broken out between the students of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) in Mawlai. There have also been allegations that some Sengkmie leaders have been walking along with the MDC of Mawlai Circle, and have been trying to overthrow the EC of KSU Mawlai Circle. he became President.
So far, the BSF has seized 3,98,958 kg of coal, 2,225,431 timber and 20,960 siej in the past six months.
However, her life changed dramatically when she met Richard Rola, 86, at a party about three years ago.
As one old man said, “Where do you get the future? The present creates the future; The present makes the future; you get the future from the work we create and do in the present; the future comes from now".
The Vice President of NEHUSU lodged an Ejahar at Mawkynroh Police Outpost against the AVBP member, Kamlesh Singh.
“Unfortunately, the Government should not wait until Umïam's life is over.
The Mawsahew PHC is run by the Karuna Trust and the PHC has many shortcomings in providing services to the people who come for treatment at this PHC.
MPFWA Secretary Bah Alban Syiem said that the company has banned the chicken farmers from the state due to its competition in the market.
John Lanong, the great magician of Shillong, and the band Light After Dark will perform on this occasion.
Please ask for only 30 years if Kim cannot give up to 32 years.
There is also a Black Box Theater or Cinema Hall where films can be shown.
He said that on Tuesday, a meeting was held between the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong in charge of the police department and the HNLC leaders. in the first month of July.
In the football match between HITO and SPC, a friendly match was played at Nongthymmai Parish Ground in Nongshiliang, Shillong.
In Khasi-Jaintia, the rice planted in February-March is harvested in July-August.
The ripe leaf also has a pleasant fruity aroma.
On the 6th of this month, a hearing was held to discuss the report sent by the Director Generals of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya and Assam on the incident.
“We will hold our own meeting for different districts together with the DCs and SBs of all districts of the state,” he said.
However, the VPP Executive Committee requests the public to refrain from creating such WhatsApp Groups as they can cause problems that are not pleasing to the party. “It is necessary to end such groups and to refrain from creating new ones,” said Dr. Batskhem and added that only those authorized by the party can create them. He said that this was necessary to bring discipline in the working of the VPP and not to allow the confusion that cannot arise from the robbers.
“The youth of Kenmynsaw should set an example to others to live in knowledge of man and knowledge of God,” said Bah Rumnong. it is only young people between the ages of 30 years.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Monarch Shabong, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday left for Bangladesh along with several of his ministers, on Tuesday to discuss trade with the neighboring country.
N. Swer and M. Byrsat scored the goals for Sunriser XI while R. Kharjahrin scored the second goal for Mawkywat Area Veteran Club.
He said that the road built by former Jirang MLA Lambok Mylliemngap from Ranibari to Akhoinijira and Balakhawa has been destroyed.
I would like to thank Dr DD Lapang President MPCC for removing four Congress MDCs from the PDF so that the party MDCs will not be involved in the misuse of Council funds.
To make these laws to protect the nation we need a wise and intelligent leader.
In a public statement today, the President of CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing, said that the current laws are laws that oppress the people and bring happiness only to the rich.
Dozens of these missiles hit the US military base at Asad Airbase, some landed in Irbil and four others misfired, the US government said.
– The new thinking of the Israelites separated them from other nations of that time in South Asia.
This is not because we have come to deceive but because the people need us but the vote is up to each person.
The song was sung by Khasi singers, including Ram Suchiang and Larihun Lapang.
The police tried to stop the raid by saying that they had not received authority and without informing the village authorities, but the FKJGP leaders also showed their support. and went straight ahead to close the remaining shops.
Dignitaries who witnessed the closing ceremony included Bah Primson Makdoh, HSPDP candidate from Umsning Constituency, Bah Aibor Khongjee, Bah M ADC of Ri Bhoi, Bah Sumar Swer, President of LJWDA and others.
Chidambaram was appointed Finance Minister.
However, the Dorbar in the time of Tirot Singh was a Dorbar Blei which had to be conducted and decided by the knowledge of man and the knowledge of God and by consensus.
The question is why many sitting MLAs or former MLAs have to use money to buy the people.
He said that the speeches of the two ministers of the state have misunderstood and confused the people of the state on the demand for ILP. They have started to confuse the people even after the state government has already passed a resolution to implement the ILP in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne said that only HS Shylla from Nongkrem constituency has applied for ticket and the ticket will go to him. there were 6 applicants for tickets and the decision will be announced after the settlement.
“At present, up to 34,000 students have passed the SSLC and even if the mobile is T.5000, the government will have to spend up to T.150 crore, so it is easy to talk but difficult to implement. "he added.
In a statement, the family through Bah Granary Star Field Thangkhiew (para) requests that if there are any civil society groups, private individuals, the public, relatives, friends of the deceased If they wish to take part in this two-year anniversary of his death, they should come on that day and at the appointed time.
However, when we tried to confirm with Bah Banteidor and Bah Gavin, we could not get any answer even when we called them.
According to a police source, on the 24th of this month, police have arrested two robbers suspected to be involved in the robbery. I'm not going to kill you.
The people who tried to rescue the member said that they saw the incident and tried to rescue the dkhoh.
“After experiencing to work with many Sengbhalang, in such an age of selfishness (the age of sohmynken climbing) which is accompanied by power and honor, I find that only the Seng Khasi stands on the true foundation. Rijoy Singh Khongshah, former Sordar of Umniuh-Tmar Elaka and Ex-MDC KHADC, said Rangbah Rijoy Singh Khongshah.
The program will not end with the selection of players, but Wallam said that there will also be a program to select even those youngsters who want to train the line to become coaches. The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) East Khasi Hills on Monday issued a directive to urge the public to take precautionary measures in the country. this is the time of lyuir.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer, Shillong in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong, took part in the celebration of the 73rd Independence Day of the country. , has organized an Independence Day Run 2019 on 15th August, 2019 which started from Fire Brigade Ground at 6.30 pm and ended at VIP Gate Polo Ground, Shillong.
If it is my duty to implement this in my own country and nation, as a Christian, the first duty is to get everyone to vote.
Jowai, Lber 22: The Jowai Fishing and Environment Protection Association (JF&EPA) Jowai has renewed its office bearers for the term of two (two) years from 2022 to
He said that if the salaries of MLAs are increased, the salaries of government ministers as well as the prime minister, the prime minister's adviser should also be increased. The Prime Minister denied that the salary increase of MLAs is due to the government's lack of funds or a political ploy to attract the people.
It is believed that the explosion may have been caused by a burst of cooking gas.
“The government has failed to protect the residents especially the women,” James said.
Shillong, Nailar 26: Hundreds of vehicles coming from all over the North East to pass through the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District have been stranded in a traffic jam. The earthquake occurred in front of the tunnel in Sonapur on Saturday.
They forgot that there was a star that guided them since they left their village.
In the semi final, Inter Milan beat AC Milan 2-1 in the first leg and 1-0 in the second leg.
Sunil, 37, has been out of action for six months after suffering an injury against Nepal in the SAFF Cup.
If young people, who are still young, would sit down and think carefully about their own life which has begun to shine, perhaps they would not fail quickly in life, but the end of them is that They have become like the fields, which have not reached anywhere in life.
It is also a cremation ground that many people want to enter.
Felicia Sympli (14,37 & 43) scored a hat-trick, two goals were scored by Phyrnaibha Nongtdu (38 & 57) and Diwakapaya Shylla (55).
Asaram and four others were charged with Sanchita or Shilpi, Sharad Chandra or Sharat Chandra, Prakash. and Shiva, also known as Sava Ram Hethvadiya, have been charged under the POCSO Act, Juvenile Justice Act and Indian Penal Code.
Many speeches were delivered on this occasion and they said that this is the first time for the party to take this step and it is also for the benefit of them because they can know what the problem is and also the room that they have.
“Although we understand that this incident is something that God the Creator knows and causes, but He knows better than we do.
He said the reason for this demand for Garoland is that Meghalaya has turned 46 years old and will celebrate its Golden Jubilee in a few years but Garo Hills has no signs of development. also and she was very neglected.
Alestar, who is the candidate, said that he has visited 3000 households and found that many of them are still poor despite the fact that North Shillong has become a home for intellectuals.
Speaking to media, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs said that as the village leaders, we cannot accept the killing of a Khasi youth in a tragic manner. Dil Bahadur Thapa, a foreigner named Dil Bahadur Thapa, should be punished and punished severely by the law enforcement agencies.
Conrad said that since the appointment of these officers, the rules and regulations have not been followed.
He gave an example that through the Lakadong Mission, the production of shyrmit has increased by 50 percent compared to the previous year and has been exported to Japan and the UAE. is to address the problems of the people from poverty so that they can improve their income and income.
Speaking to media, KSU SKHDU President Reebokstar Diengdoh said that their demand is that the SDPO of Sohra should resign for his involvement in the eviction of the soldiers. The Magistrate's investigation is ongoing, but the SDPO has helped to evacuate the robbers from Ichamati in the middle of the night without any investigation. They may have been involved in the attack on KSU members in Ichamati.
No information has been received yet on the outcome of the talks, but the media said that they have decided to announce the talks publicly. their public announcement shall be by public meeting or through the media.
The widespread spread of garbage in such places has become a major problem.
The statement said that in Nagaland, when there are such festivals, they used to disseminate information about their own culture but in Shillong, it is a shambles where they intend to draw with their own culture. actor actress while the artifacts are kept inside the museum.
The International Water Conclave 2024 which started today 9th June in Shillong and will end tomorrow 10th June.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : Langsning FC beat Rangdajied FC 2-1 in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 on Friday. at Third Ground, Polo Ground, Shillong.
She said that both the districts have agreed to temporarily ban any political parties or citizens from outside the area including both districts and the state from entering Umlaper until peace is restored. Two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the state, bringing the death toll to 1296 on Thursday.
They also said that the Committee has the desire to look into the border area, as the area is one of the border areas with Assam, therefore it is necessary to have such as These Committees, especially to cooperate with the Syiem of Raid Marwet.
All the injured were taken to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for treatment.
Trump has decided to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court, but the Colorado court has made it clear that it will issue its decision on July 4, 2024, allowing the appeal. you're right.
The stolen cup is one of the most expensive items in the shop, which also has a very beautiful appearance and shines according to its price.
In other words, he did not reach that border without security, the fighting fee was Rs 12500/- (Four thousand five hundred tyngka) alone.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The BFI has announced the date of the 48th Sub Junior National Basketball Championship to be held at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium, Puducherry. The Players Selection Committee of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) will hold a selection trial on the 9th of July 2023 for the players who will represent the state in the Championship. list of women and men.
Dr. Mawthoh said the HSPDP can also bring its own proposal.
At the end of the tournament, trophies ranging from the championship trophy to individual prizes were awarded.
The Bishop also said before Barla that Christians are concerned about the decision of some states to introduce a law banning religious conversions, which targets the minorities especially Christians.
He said that as soon as he received the assignment, the Minister has been monitoring to ensure that the implementation of various schemes is not only in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills but across the state.
Speaking to media, Bah Lyngdoh stressed that the VPP stands alone among many because of the presence of scholars and intellectuals such as professors and assistant lecturers.
The bishop was arrested on 21st November 2018, after a protest by four nuns close to the nun, who was accused of rape, prompting the Vatican to release her. Mulakal was appointed Bishop of Jalandhar.
However, in fact, the Dkhars from the north are so strong and hold fast to their own culture that the Khasi people are more strongly influenced by their culture and influenced by the Dkhar culture.
These are mostly in Tamil Nadu with 22 out of 37 districts, Maharashtra with 14 districts, 13 in Uttar Pradesh, 12 in Rajasthan, 11 in Andhra Pradesh and 10 in Hindustan. Delhi.
“After receiving the news of the death of the candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong constituency, we have immediately sought information from the DEO and The Returning Officer (RO) and the RO have sent a report on the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
President- Leo Ferdinand Article 2.
Police have arrested the driver of the scooty and the passenger and sent them for medical check-up at Woodland Hospital.
Amitabh Bachchan was followed by his son Abhishek.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Speaking at the ceremony, Bah Mayral Born Syiem congratulated all the people at these polling stations for their hard work. Although other polling stations have tried their best to give their support, these are the winners and the leaders with the highest number of votes.
The celebration began with a prayer by the two Rangbah Shnongs and after the cutting of the Christmas Cake , followed by the opening of the public hall of these two villages which was donated by the MDCs. Please also donate household items to the residents as a sign of Christmas gifts.
About 9 accused have been arrested under the PMLA. All of them are still in jail.
The only fish we farm is fish and many fish farmers' goal is to compete.
Iran scored two goals before the end of the match when Iran's R.Chesmi scored the first goal in the first half. He shot the ball from outside the box and the ball went straight past the Wales goalkeeper in the 90+8 minutes, and R.Rezaeian scored the first goal. the second goal in the 90+11 minutes.
The Meghalaya High Court has recently issued an order that women also have the right to take part in the election of Rangbah Shnong Nohwet.
It is learned that the residents who rely on ration are facing problems because the ration shops have reduced the weight of food and beverages. the people are the one who has grown old and the one who has died.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Government has approved the draft policy of the DREAM project. Action Mission, a mission to work for the eradication of drugs from Meghalaya.
The youth and residents of the area who live in other parts of the state and in the city if they come to vote to support us also know the cost of travel. I have no doubt that many of the poor youths who have seen this example and who have the goal of serving will be willing to come forward and offer to the people,” he said. Speaking to Bah Edmund Khongngai, AITC candidate, he said, “I have the view that the people have really wanted change at this time and I believe. They also voted on the basis of bringing about change and we will wait for the decision of the people which we will see on the day of the election.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, an employee of the petrol pump said that on the night of 26th November, people dressed as police came and thought they were going to close down the petrol pump. or they wanted to hide from the rain, but as soon as they got near, they went straight into the manager's room to steal the money.
Therefore, let us appreciate the hard work of the health workers and let us also appreciate others who have worked hard to support their families by earning a living.
“I don't have any other intention but it's just a joke,” said Dr Jemino. “The newspaper article can mislead the public,” said Dr Jemino.
Jesus Christ was submissive to His Father to fulfill the mission He had sent Him.
Ryntih Sports Club, has moved closer to the goal of qualifying for the I-League, and is now preparing to meet other licensing criteria according to They were not selected by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
In fact, even the vehicle of Golam Ali which was seized by the police (ML-07-C-1786), the engine number of the vehicle was shown by one owner and even the chassis number. also, it no longer works in the Maruti Suzuki database.
However, what we need to be careful about is that we need to think about the storm of the crowd who are temporarily silent and slam or turn around when they reach the threshold of the election to elect the candidate they want or allow. attract.
The Municipal has also directed the hotels and restaurants to ensure that the garbage is separated from the storage area and handed over to the garbage trucks.
If the man had gone all the way home to carry out his plan, we don’t know what would eventually happen to us.
The coronavirus has declined slightly in Italy and the health authorities have announced the lifting of mask requirements from 28 July
Mondal said that if we cannot get the security of coal, it could be useless for those who invest in the project.
Why should we give up on others, that's why we have decided to fight alone so that there will be no distribution of shares to others,” he added.
In Manipur, 20 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to 1,911 so far.
On Robertjune's intention to apply for a ticket from the UDP in the MP election, Renikton said that he has seen this intention only in the newspaper but it will become clear when the UDP calls them. candidate.
Thus, along with new musical instruments, it has empowered the talented singers to improve and develop the pure melody that comes from their throats.
According to Bah Gilbert Lyngdoh Marshillong, most of the victims of these accidents are those foreign vehicles especially those from Assam, due to the speeding of the drivers and the vehicles that I was involved in an accident, turned around and fell into the street.
On the other hand, AHAM urged the relevant authorities to take immediate action to resolve these issues, at the same time to provide the necessities and support to the school.
Replying to Bah Lanong's prediction that the UDP will not win more than 10 seats in this election, Bah Lyngdoh said that although he respects Bah Lanong's figures, Bah Paul Lyngdoh does not. they did not accept his prophecies.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Presidential election will be held tomorrow in which the MLAs and MPs of the country will take part in the election between two candidates, including the NAD candidate Ram Nath Kovind and the UPA candidate. Daughter Kumar.
“There are also those who find it difficult to send their children to school because their agriculture is not a source of income, but they only get food and drink,” he said.
At the same time, NESO urged the people of the area to support this strike and at the same time to fight for their God-given rights.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, Metbah urged the state government to take stronger measures to close the border areas with Bangladesh as well as Assam.
In November 2019, a special court sentenced four people including Mohammad Saif, Mohammad Salman, Saifur and Mohammad Sarvar Azmi to death. Another, Shahbaz Hussain, was released.
Shillong, November 17: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday demanded that the State Government should fill up the eight vacant posts in the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture in Ribhoi District. since the year
The counting of votes for the three constituencies in East Khasi Hills will be held at Polo Ground from this morning.
The Executive Member of the Elaka Department of KHADC, Bah Jambor War, in a telephone interview with Mawphor, said that the District Council has already sent a notification to the Hima Office after Pa' iem Latho M.Syiem has sent his resignation letter from 10th November, 2022 stating that he is in his old age, and that he is no longer in good health.
Conrad K Sangma said that after his second meeting with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, they have agreed that there are about 12 disputed areas between Meghalaya. and Assam and the talks will be exactly on those 12 areas and the talks will start first for the seven areas where there is no dispute.
In addition, it is alleged that there are documents that only show the involvement of some government employees and people who illegally run coal-related activities.
Khliehriat, Nailar 11: The Deputy Commissioner of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has promised to take action on the request of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the JYF to hold the DSC examination again. which has not been held since 2021.
“The Government authorities and the District Council should meet and suggest ways and means how to resolve the problem so that the garbage can be collected and cleaned from Jowai, to ensure that there will be no spread of garbage. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate of diseases especially water borne diseases due to the heavy rains in the past few days,” said the court.
The KSU said that they have been demanding from the bank for a year to provide the services to the people, but the bank has ignored the demand of the KSU to provide services to the people.
At the same time, Prestone said that the previous two-year exchange agreement between Paul Lyngdoh and Titosster Well Chyne is no longer included in the new arrangement.
When he reached 96 miles of the Imphal-Tidim road, he turned to Dimapur.
He didn't have San Snemkan for a long time.
If the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) is ready to remove the tax collection gate and its police inside Khanduli Village, the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli is also ready to remove the restriction on the entry and exit of the residents of Khanduli Village. Khanduli and Karbi through Khanduli.
This includes the establishment of a Gender Inclusion Fund and Special Education Zones for disadvantaged areas and groups.
No one is allowed to enter or leave the area and the occupants of the house are not allowed to leave the house and interact with the public.
Do this for three days and you will see the scars disappear immediately.
Speaking on the occasion, Sweetymon expressed her happiness to be honored on this occasion and congratulated the entire women's organization for remembering her and her the work that i have done.
Samlin Malngiang of the National People's Party (NPP), Osborne Kharjana of the Congress, Eric Kharbuki of the BJP, Stoding Thabah of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and At present, only the UDP candidate has to file his nomination papers.
Prestone said the state government will not allow anyone to enter the state or travel to other states until 15th November 2020 following the rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-1 in the state of Assam.
He said that the best way to resolve this issue is to separate from the Garo people to get their own state and that is why the HSPDP has fought for the Khasi-Jaintia State until these days and will only increase the competition.
Ismingstar Kharhari said that on receiving information from the people, he came to visit his shop and when he arrived, he saw that the There was a fire truck from the Fire & Emergency Service which was alerted by the neighbors of his shop. the fire is burning.
“This letter from the Under Secretary of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya is illegal and against the customs and traditions and against the laws of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage. Act, 1997 and the Rules have not been amended.
“Now we are also witnessing the opportunity to showcase the culture of the state.
On the other hand, the Board and even the teachers or school principals, will be quick to cleanse themselves, by saying, that it is the stinginess of the students themselves, but if it happens out of 50,000, There are only 25,000 students who have passed, so this shows that such students should be dismissed, because they are not doing their job; However, if these 25,000 candidates are accepted to contest again in the next five years, then the number of candidates will reach 100,0
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District has said that while the government has not been able to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state to protect the ethnic groups, railway in the state can be forgotten shwa.
The party has also demanded that the election authorities should remove the names of these people.
d) and othersThe trumpet is still sounding! “Choose you this day whom ye will serve” Josh 24:15 The urgent call like the Prophet Nehemiah today is “Let us rebuild the wall and the gates. the two Tylli are one.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting with all the MDCs of the Council to discuss and give their views on the proposed amendment to the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution.
“Late PA Sangma was a visionary who wanted to develop the youth through education.
“Through RTI, we have also found that the Em Incharge Elaka has confirmed the surrender on 17th June 2015 through these writings that the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, is not responsible for the insult. “The village of Nongwah Mawtamur has been admitted that there is a dispute over the administration and the decision has been taken to hand over Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang,” he said.
“This replacement of office bearers is under the supervision and leadership of the party,” said Bah Shibun.
Bah Pangngiang said that the Hima has been directed to start the process of registering the land in each village.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Augustar Jyrwa as Chief Guest, Bah Bunlang War Advisor Meghalaya Carrom Association as Symbud Guest, Bah S.Syiem President Meghalaya Carrom Association and Bah Ferdinand Nongkynrih President Jaiaw Laitdom. Bah Banrap Wahlang, Secretary Jaiaw Laitdom, Bah Wallam Kharkongor, Assistant Secretary, Jaiaw Laitdom.
In 1980-81, Shri SC Marak CM at that time convened a meeting of MLAs and MDCs to explain the wish of the Central Govt.
The Smart City Mission, launched on July 25, 2015, aims to provide resources, a clean and sustainable environment and a sustainable lifestyle to the people through the use of smart solutions. '.
However, when no one sent any suggestions, the department has strengthened these rules by including the rules on how to prevent the citizens from participating.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Saturday seized the residence of Gurpatwant Singh Pannu, a resident of Canada. The person's residence is in Amritsar and Chandigarh.
Thus the days and months passed and the anniversary of the death of Rida's father came.
He said the government will think of the MCCL first for now and later it can think of another area especially in terms of tourism.
Soso Tham (1873-1940) was born in Saitsohpen, Sohra to the poor family of Kong Lyngkien Tham and Bah Hat Tongper. you can't read more.
of Social Work, NIEPMD, Chennai, explained the rights of those with disabilities as stipulated by the Government of India and said that children up to the age of 18 years, should have the right to free education, there are other benefits that the government provides every month to those with disabilities.
“We also want to know how far the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule has progressed and what is the response from the Central Government on this long standing demand. nation.
The group was involved in the destruction of a Muslim place of worship in Ayodhya, the birthplace of their God Ram in North India.
Iwa mut toh: whoever writes the testimonies about this disease, removes all the misunderstandings and does not fear these diseases.
Tbn.Ever Pynrope of the Umroi Presbyterian Church, said that the presence of the residents, TULBA and other religious groups has encouraged the organizers of the General Assembly. , because the contractor alone will not be able to complete the pandal and with the joint efforts of the people, they have decided to complete it before Sunday so that this pandal will go smoothly as scheduled.
The meeting also decided to direct the Syiem to implement the order issued on 21st November 2018 which states that “the Dorbar of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has decided that no Farmers who bring their produce to the market or to any place under the Hima Mylliem to sell, buyers should check how much they weigh and count.
You must also have your MHIS Card and ABHA Card.
Neither Athiya nor Rahul has yet commented on the matter.
The KSU has also reminded that many of the residents of the state come from low income families and this will also put pressure on the applicants as they will have to spend money on the fees. go and come and sleep.
The KSU has also met with the District Medical Health Officer (DMHO), Dr. KC Ajar on 6th June regarding the delay in the operation of the CHC. The CHC does not accept to treat patients from all over the villages under the jurisdiction of the CHC Namdong.
Dhoni is also a big fan of Adam Gilchrist and Sachin Tendulkar and admires actor Amitabh Bachchan and singer Lata Mangeshkar.
Then the 1290 days mentioned by Daniel are the times of God to allow Satan to rule this world, and at that time there will be no government of the world but only one ONE WORLD. GOVERNMENT and Headquarters are in Jerusalem.
But not long after that she died.
The State Government may be strong and supportive of the District Councils, but the issue allows the District Councils because they are the Sixth Schedule.
On the same day, after the meeting, the Union Minister also visited the Aganwadi Center at Umdihar and the Health and Wellness Center at Umsawnongkharai.
“The government's forcedness to operate commercial taxis without parking space is like birds without trees,” said Jyrwa.
The KHADC has appointed a Deputy Chairman and the MDC of Sohryngkham has been appointed.
Bernard Marak of the BJP, John Leslee of the BJP, John Leslee, who has not yet announced his party, the TMC and the Congress have decided to contest against the Prime Minister.
Prestone said that according to the rules and regulations, the report of the committee of inquiry into the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew will have to be submitted to the Legislative Assembly as usual. Controller and Auditor General.
He said that regarding the Check Gate of the revenue collection gate installed by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli, he said that it has already been removed.
At the meeting at
About 100 Hamas fighters were arrested and dragged away by Israeli troops and thrown into the ground in the middle of the Gaza highway, surrounded by Israeli IDF troops.
“It is not that we don't have any intention, but the decision is up to the Executive Committee, I told them that, I said that I alone cannot do anything, it is up to the EC, I alone cannot force the EC,” he said. Brick.
Therefore, the union strongly demands that the Aadhar registration should be stopped immediately, as at these times in order to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
Suddenly a plague came and killed my two cows.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 06 : The 45th Meghalaya State Chess Championship was held at the Nongstoin Social Service Society on the 4th and 5th of this month. The National Senior Chess Championship will be held in Delhi from 28th November to 6th July
Patricia's article, which referred to 1979, has prompted the newspapers from West Bengal to write ethnically discriminatory news and pose a serious threat to the Khasi abroad. The Dorbar Shnong has lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, Shillong.
Explaining the principles and principles of the RSS, he said that the word Hindu refers to all those children of Bharat Mata (Mother India) who have inherited from their ancestors and lived their life and culture. from India.
“We strongly condemn the Principal of St.Anthony's College for his violent acts against the students and parents who want to misuse this famous college in his own name and have children in the The name of the Salesian of Don Bosco (SDB),” said the Chairman of the MPHRC, Bah Dino DG Dympep.
Through a tip-off, police from the State Intelligence Department and Cantonment Police, have monitored a vehicle coming from Guwahati and heading towards the Garikhana lines. go to Head of Judah.
Police have arrested about eight persons involved in the riots in Ichamti while others who attacked in some parts of the city are under investigation.
The preparation of these two parties can be seen from their readiness to announce candidates for the mid-term elections which other political parties have not yet announced.
“We have let them know that we have done the work to resolve these issues," he said.
Before the team leaves the state, BCCI coach Dheeraj Yadav, who has been appointed by the Meghalaya team, said that he and The children who played have been gathered for almost 40 days here in the city, and during this time, the children have had the opportunity to play for several games. .
The one-day meeting on 23rd July, 2023 in Delhi was organized by the Parimal Foundation, Anamaya Group with the support of USAID and Heads of Ayush and Tribal Affairs were also present.
“I am ready to appeal to the Supreme Court against the state government and we have already talked to lawyer BJ Hansaria to read the documents.
According to her, the protest lasted from morning till 4:00 pm.
The Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana (PMKSY) is a scheme launched by the Central Government with the aim of providing modern infrastructure in the food production sector.
Regarding the allegation that they did not seek permission, Bah B.Marbaniang President of HNYF WKHD said that the HNYF has already sent a notice to the authorities of the Hima Nongmynsaw Syiemship. They also confirmed that this Hima has received their information.
Most of the time, in special meetings these days, the song “Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War” is used.
“As usual we open the shop at 10:30 am.
“The tourism sector is the source of income for the people of this state,” said Bah Robert and added that the ILP is not needed in this state.
The protest was held in Jowai, Khliehriat and Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) will hold a public meeting on the 20th of this month at Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School. , Shillong at 11:00 am.
“Look how Mukul Sangma and his party are in the Congress but they cannot be allowed to be together as a party for five years.
He was taken to Civil Hospital, Tura for further treatment.
Babu Mon Lyngdoh was ordained Pastor by the Welsh Calvinist Methodist Presbyterian Church at the Assembly held at Shangpung in
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Meghalaya MS Rao, today announced that the NEIGRHIMS Hospital will impose restrictions on the treatment of corona virus patients in the state.
During the inspection, it was found that all the classrooms are still locked.
I don't remember whether the school was St Paul's Nongpoh or Ri Bhoi Presbyterian.
The farmers, the day labourers, if there is a strike, especially during these times, they have to steal or collect.
“If we don't have skilled and dedicated teachers, how can we raise our sons to become the rishot of the country,” she said.
“We urge you to take all necessary measures to fight against traffickers by arresting and prosecuting the perpetrators/traffickers, who have been arrested many times, under the provisions of PIT-NDPS. Act," he said.
However, in the past seven years, the union has participated across the country and even abroad.
They also make any food taste better.
In his speech, Bhanu Partap Singh said that this scheme supports traditional craftsmen and handicraftsmen in rural and urban areas of India. He said that there will be about 18 types of traditional jobs to be included in this scheme and through this scheme there will also be assistance in the form of a grant of 15,000 tyngka for the purchase of They will also receive a stipend of 500 tyngka per day during the training.
Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem Constituency will be the chief guest to inaugurate the foundation stone.
In the women's 300m category, Badaphun Nongrem of Nativity HSSM, Balarikordor Sohphoh of Tenset Secondary School, Sakwang and La-aikyrhai Jyrwa of Rising Secondary School, Sohkhyllam.
This shows that the owners of the states have been relocated to the outskirts of these countries.
There is no doubt that any policy has its own advantages and disadvantages but in this article we will not discuss anything about that.
“We don't have network, we don't have electricity, we don't have water and we have informed the Prime Minister through the MLAs. I'm sorry,” she said.
At a meeting held at Mendipathar, the Chief Minister congratulated the Chairman of Varun Beverages, Ravi Jaipuria, for taking the decision to set up the factory at Mendipathar. The decision has taken a step forward in the establishment of companies in the state and the establishment of the factory at Mendipathar will bring about a change in the lives of the people in the area especially in terms of income generation. paper.
Bah Syiemlieh said that it is not useful to clean only in Sawkynroh and in the grounds of houses, while the village roads, Nala and streams are turned into garbage dumps and therefore he urged the public to People are surprised to stop throwing garbage especially in the streams and rivers that flow into the Umsohlang River as this river benefits tens of thousands of people.
The General Meeting was held at Maw U Sam village in the presence of the UDP candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Remington Pyngrope with MDC Langkyrdem Bah Ryngkatlang Lyndem.
They were shot dead for protesting against the illegal coal mining in East Jaintia Hills.
Clashes have broken out in the area since July 9, which is the first day of registration for the Panchayat elections to be held on July 8, in many districts of the state. state where this continues to this day.
“The San Shnong has urged the MLA Mowkaiaw to gather all the residents of Block-I and II border areas to arrange for a proper boundary.
This is the case even if they have a place of residence on the outskirts of the city.
Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning Proper A, Bah Rocky A Marweiñ, said that all the requirements have been met and all that remains is to sign the social agreement between the Hima Mylliem, District Council and Umsning Town. Council.
The group expressed its concern that the delay in the release of scholarships has affected the students who have relied on these scholarships to support their education. and that they can achieve what they desire.
The programme, which was held from 19th to 23rd June 2024, witnessed a strong participation among the staff members from various departments of the colleges from these two districts.
“According to him, so far about 95 percent have confirmed that they want to stay in Meghalaya but regarding the other 5 percent, he said that the Hima themselves will take responsibility to negotiate. and encourage them to participate in the state.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Police cricket team has won the title of the Byrwa Sports Society and Cultural Club (BSS&CC) Cricket Tournament after beating to Legend for 39 runs.
What is more worrying is the incidents that led to the loss of life of this young woman.
He said that Kamlesh was not involved in the incident, but he tried to stir up the incident and they had no idea how the incident occurred.
Shillong: After a month of matches between different clubs from the state in the struggle for the title of the Meghalaya State League 2023, the clubs that have reached the final are Khlieh Mawlieh Youth. Rangdajied United FC in their first attempt to win the title.
During these times, when he is alone, he spends his time playing mobile games and from his house, they deliver food, water and other necessities, by tying a tyllai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Manager of Jain Fabrics in Motphran said that he bought two pashor kait at the price of T.500 tyngka each. small and short.
Kriti often takes examples from Alia in her work and says that this actress is really talented and beautiful in Bollywood.
Water is the most important thing in human life besides air and food so it is important that the people understand the importance of it and how we can preserve the drinking water sources, as we have witnessed. “It is the human activities that cause the water to dry up,” said Bah Mayral Born and urged the people to love the environment for adequate water supply and clean air.
I'm looking for a job if you have one.
The Court also felt that the State Government, in many cases, has been involved in the cleanliness of the villages.
Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) have completed the signing of South Korean forward Lee Kang from La Liga side Real Mallorca.
The headquarters of this block is located in Chongnapara.
When there were many such phone calls and meetings, this writer tried to talk to the Sengbhalang leaders, but the answer was that nothing can be changed, but it is enough for them to continue. be ready for your own work, so that your writing, meetings and other activities will not be interrupted.
The Workers Power of Meghalaya (WPM) and Thma U Rangli (TUR) through WPM Leader Kenneth Swer and TUR have sent a letter to the Government to remind the Labor Department to release the all money to employees/employees.
However, they could not do anything because the government and the leader did not consider the residents of the area as human beings, but as shrieh ki tngaw.
“You do it in secret and you know that whatever good you do in secret, your Lord in heaven will reveal to you,” she said.
On the 25th June 2023, two schools in Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Wisdom Secondary School Pariong and Nongshillong Secondary School Nongshillong, will hold a The Annual Sports Meet 2023 for the school children was held in a spectacular and exciting atmosphere.
In a letter sent by ECI Principal Secretary Narendra N Butolia on 4th November, 2013, the Commission said, “The Commission has directed that the transfer of officers should be made and accepted by all CSs. and DGPs and a detailed report on this should be sent to the Commission on or before 15th November”.
Not only the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo will be affected by the CAA 2019, but also other tribals or minorities such as Rabha, Hajong, Chakma, Kuki and others who are facing problems in countries like Bangladesh. and Myanmar.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah YG Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Association, said that after receiving an order from the State Government through the Transport Department to allow commercial vehicles to carry as usual. , the union decided to reduce the fare to the area.
“If there is any relocation of coal mining factories in accordance with the Action Plan, these factories should not be allowed to operate within the boundary of Sutnga Elaka or East Jaintia Hills District.
These countries have not been able to eradicate for many reasons.
The suspected drug dealer was identified as Alphanus Marak of Mawsynram East Khasi Hills.
At the same time, Pa'iem Laborius, in a spirit of joy, congratulated the office bearers and members of the East Jaintia Minerals, Suppliers, Exporters and Importers Association. He also blessed the prosperity of the business in terms of trade with the Bangladesh government.
The UDP had hoped to win from Mawthadraishan and Mairang constituencies as it had MLAs but in Mawthadraishan it was defeated by the HSPDP candidate. The Congress candidate won by 70 votes.
He said that during the meeting, Prestone promised to convene a meeting of the KHADC and JHADC to seek their opinion on the matter.
However, the task of increasing food production capacity to meet the growing population is ongoing and a significant part of soil erosion, soil erosion and water are affected by the excessive use of fertilizers.
The UDP, through its General Secretary, has made it clear that it has not fallen for the NPP's money-making scheme. The Congress, through its Leader of Opposition, has said that These parties want the shopping mall to be more on the outskirts of Shillong than in New Shillong.
Earlier, he was charged under the leadership of Ravi K Sangma (MPS, SDPO – Chokpot) and the 2nd OC of Chokpot PS, Sub Inspector ECH Momin.
Punjab's Lotjem scored in the 9th, 34th and 49th minutes to take five goals.
Because of the traffic jam, the young Franky stopped behind a coal truck.
If it is not the party leaders who propose to have a million, then they will be silent and completely defeated.
Up to 2000 tree seedlings were planted in the village forest of Umsawnongkharai.
On the same day, these Nongpoh leaders visited the village leaders of Ronghona, Shakhoikuna, Umjong, Khongwing, Ampriling, Dondral, Markang, Khulia Marmain, Pisamhuru, Rongsahep, Khuswai and Rongthaluh. , Rongbeta, Ingjal A Ingjal B, Umrang Nongbah, Umrang Rongkru, Pahamkroh, Mawphru, Umshaken, Umjari, Umtrai and Umsiang. They should be careful and stop those people who come from Assam.
Imphal: Ten Kuki-Zo MLAs from Manipur, who have recently demanded their own rule for the indigenous people, have sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We know that government nurses pass the selection before they can go to study while private nurses don't,” said James.
After this, Sidaris scored 10 goals but the ball was not counted for offside.
He said that according to Ricky's statement, he was taken to the border and smuggled from the Indian border to the Bangladesh border and handed over to other people. He said that these robbers have many groups and are armed but it has not been confirmed whether they are insurgents or robbers. for he understood not the language whereof they spake.
The club congratulated Anwar Ali, Makan Chothe, Hernan Santana, Marc Valiente, Lenny Rodrigues and Nongdamba Naorem for their contribution, love and support over the years.
Earlier, there was a clash between the people and the police near the DNS School, where the people were banned from entering the Motphran area.
Speaking to reporters, the spokesperson of the group, Bah GH Kharshanlor, said that the DC's request to expedite the erection of shiah signs on the border is an insult to the residents living on the border. was affected.
Also present on the occasion were the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who graduated from the school in 1983, MLA of North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. In the presence of Pastor SS Majaw, President of the Governing Body of the school, Kong M Lyngwa, Pastor ER Kharkrang, Babu RS Synrem, former Principal, teachers and students and others. invite.
He expressed his surprise that the District Council has always stood firm not to issue NOC for Uranium but suddenly it has issued NOC to 7 roads. the auction and the destroyer of the country and the nation.
They shall not be allowed to bomb fish, nor to wear clothes, nor to wear clothes, nor speng, nor slung.
However, it is said that these two persons did not come out after they had joined the group on that day, and although the other friends in the group tried to find them. They were not found until nightfall and they informed the relevant department about the disappearance of these two persons who had accompanied them in the group.
Ampareen plans to stay in Garo Hills for three days and hold a meeting at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills.
“Here we have to think about the future of the children and also we have to think about the cleanliness of the drinking water supply in Shillong so we have to solve these problems as soon as possible,” said Bah Lambor. The school was supposed to open from 1st July 2019 but it has not been opened and the reason is that after the Environment Committee visited on 25th July 2019 and found that all the garbage is being dumped into the school. The Umiew River and the Um Iew River flow into the Mawphlang Dam from which the entire city of Shillong receives drinking water.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Congress candidate for the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency has welcomed hundreds of former supporters of the UDP from all over the villages in Shilliang, Myntang and Barato.
At this meeting, the people together with the village headmen of 10 villages, decided to stand against and fight against, not to allow this woman to forcibly own the land. inhabited by the local population.
Linda strongly criticized the Waheh Shnong for calling a meeting to increase the price of rice without informing all the residents who are ration consumers.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 392 runs in the second innings of the U-23 Men's Col CK Nayudu Trophy on Tuesday.
According to him, Pa'iem Laborius has admitted that all the people in Bhoi have already accepted the ordinance while he was traveling to other places, where the media had reported. He said that tomorrow he will hold a meeting at Jongksha, a village in Smit area.
Prizes and certificates were awarded to the winners at the event.
Before the match, the Head Coach of Shillong Lajong, Bah Bobby Nongbet, said that the team is now expecting to score three points against Sreenidi FC. Neroca, said he hoped that today we will witness the hard work of the players and to secure the 3 points today at home.
At the time of his marriage, Sakshi was studying Hotel Management and was a teacher at Taj Bengal, Kolkata.
The meeting was attended by the Dalloi of Jowai, Amwi, Satpator, Nongtalang, Darrang, District Secretaries and Village Secretaries and Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia and Khasi Student Union. (KSU).
This illegal appointment will affect the investigations into corruption cases filed by the Lokayukta before the Courts.
A Bench of the Court, comprising Justice PS Narasimha and Justice JB Pardiwala, directed the Government to take special measures in the areas related to the provision of accommodation from the for the refugees and also for the provision of security measures for places of worship.
He also promised to the Rangbah Shnongs that the MDA government is the government which has decided to resolve this issue which has been pending for 50 years so that the border residents can immediately end the conflict. for sha for.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 10: The Trauma Center at Nongpoh Civil Hospital has not been completed as planned by the state government.
She said it is surprising how the Inquiry Report is not included in the Chargesheet, especially when the Inquiry was conducted on the day after the death of Police Marbaniang.
On the same day, the MCAB also opened accounts for the day labourers.
It is also prohibited for the public to enter the affected areas.
Because if you remove the 'E' from the Ex you will get only X. After X will follow Y which means that life is near and after Y will follow Z which means to reach Zion. (Heaven).
The semi finals will be played home-and-away and the second round will be played on the 13th.
When asked why there were 13 people who supported him in the last election and also because in 2018 he received only 13 votes, “There are those who understand our position that I and I would like to congratulate those 13 members who on my part I would like to meet face to face and congratulate them that even after I have spoken clearly but they support because they too may have understood that it is necessary to do what is right and not just what is good as I have told the people,” he replied.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kipstar Kharbani President FKJGP RL Rambrai Unit and Bah Jistarland Lyngkhoi President FKJGP Rambrai Circle was the chief guest.
President Bashar al-Assad has now seized 70 percent of the country with the support of Russia, Iran and other countries. Hezbollah is in Lebanon.
The funeral service will start at 9:30 pm from his home in Pohdaikhoo Lompyrdi, Iongpiah, Jowai and then to Khingmusing on 12/5/1
Buhsing Syiem and his brother, Borsing, saw clearly the desire of Morsing Phankhein, and understood clearly that if they fought by force, it would not be easy for them to defeat Morsing, but they did not want to. for they see that destruction shall be among the children, and the children of a thousand shall be broken, and a great evil shall be among them.
“We tried to telephone our Kha, she told us that she (Bah Shanbor) left her house at 2:00 pm,” said the family.
The main task of the conference was to confirm the 2018-2021 office bearers of ACPS and DCRG and the remaining posts, such as the recruitment of government employees, the teachers appointed by the D/I of schools and the remaining Administrators. court hearings and arrears, revised pay and others.
All people believe that there is a God, the Creator, because the Spirit of God makes them feel (conscience) or intuition. human beings are God's creation.
Expressing his dissatisfaction with the MDA government, he urged the prime minister to reduce his speech and action.
Lambok said that the politicians have taken advantage of the situation in the name of change in the upcoming elections.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Jyndiang said that his main task is to complete the duties of Maieid at this juncture. and that he should try to follow in the footsteps of the Lord.
The Seng also suggests to the schools to provide merit-based admission especially to the elite schools in Shillong for the students of the state should be postponed for this Academic Session 2020-2 so as not to discourage the students who are low in percentages for admission in HSSLC and Degree courses.
Swer said the religious group has conveyed only one issue to Nalin Kohli and that is that the central government should give benefits to the traditional religions as they are small in the state. Meghalaya.
Then the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other beside the children of Ammon, came against Jehoshaphat to battle.
“Besides my office work, the director wanted me to stay at his house,” she said.
This is a golden opportunity to protect and not allow foreigners to invade our rights.
So far, the District authorities have already destroyed four illegal factories, including three which were destroyed on Monday, by destroying the coke factories.
The group of youths marched to the DC's office with slogans demanding the repeal of the order.
He said that the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit will walk with a humble spirit to serve the country and the people and does not want to waste time in fighting, because the issues of the people. greater than the selfishness of man.
At the meeting held at Erpakon, all those who attended the meeting at Erpakon, said that they should refuse to take part in the meeting, which was convened by the DC Ri Bhoi and those who attended the meeting They also decided to expel all the foreigners working in the village and also not to allow any newcomers to enter the village.
There has been a signboard to reach Mawphu, but it is still easy and difficult for Pick-ups, Max and Sumo vehicles to reach.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today held a video conference with the Deputy Commissioners of all districts in the state to review the preparations of various districts to protect the residents from the COVID-19 pandemic. .
Conrad laid the foundation stone for the construction of the BCCI cricket ground at a cost of Rs 5.53 crore near the Polo Cricket Ground.
In this regard, the Prime Minister of India, as he had promised during the elections, that the first and foremost task is to bring back the country's foreign currency. , think and look for ways to apply what he has created.
“It cannot be said that our nation is now in great danger and that this present heritage may be the last heritage that will be lost. find ways to protect our minority, otherwise there will probably be no one else to do it.
Expressing the need to raise awareness among the public on such violence, he said that NEHUSU will soon start gender sensitization through workshops, seminars, lectures and to set up a Gender Sensitization Committee to discuss gender sensitization. acts of violence against women.
If the MDA agrees on only one, his path will be easier and if the entire government supports Balajied alone, his path will be easier.
The HYC said that at this time when India and the states are still severely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, it will not be easy for the students of the state to write the examinations if the authorities of NEHU will conduct the examination in November.
He also wished them to continue to hold such games to develop the talents of the children who love sports.
Ai Help Please don't buy too many tins.
Because there are girls, Kong can help them if they are arrested or tortured.
The peace talks have urged the people of Garo Hills to convince the government to call for talks with the GNLA in order to bring peace and order in Garo Hills.
! "It's not like that, my son, don't say anything, go in peace..." said Niakha. So Rida left and went back home.
Four days before the polling day, the Congress, which has understood that its candidate, Batyngshain Ryngnga, has no power anymore, has suddenly devised a new plan to remove the KTI. Only Roller, Kong Grace, has lost her ticket when she asked to contest from the Congress.
Why are we like children who eat their mothers? It is very sad to see that people are no longer ashamed to throw even their baby huggies and menstrual pads into the river.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that this issue is very complex and they have to go deeper and look into it first.
His brother, Showik Chakraborty, was arrested last month.
It is worth mentioning that at Pung Tahdlaskeiñ, the Shad Pastieh was held as a sign of thanksgiving to the “Blei Synhen”.
The JDS has won 22 constituencies.
As a citizen, I have taken an active part in various protests led by the Sengbhalang against the illegal entry of non-Khasis into our country. Many of our relatives have taken part in the struggle for the rights of many of them even to the point of injury and death.
Until now, no information has been received from the leaders of the party on the letter of Bah Syiem and it is understood that they will meet urgently in the coming days to resolve the issue. stirred up, said the news.
However, in the midst of the crisis that the Khasi language is on the decline, the media has perhaps taken its responsibility to leave a heavy burden for the sake of preserving the language.
Almost all the Sengbhalang including the Ribhoi Dorbar which is the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and including the Seng of Religious Leaders from Ribhoi District have opposed this proposal on the grounds that this The Ribhoi District will become one of the most prominent tourist destinations in Meghalaya.
Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) has launched a National Road Safety Awareness Campaign at Umden, Meghalaya, with the aim of raising awareness on the need to introduce road safety awareness campaigns. This training was given to more than 1800 students and teachers.
We send our condolences to those families who have lost their loved ones in this disease, and we pray for God's healing and mercy to all those affected by this disease" said the statement.
Living Rymbai shared a picture of the Behdieñkhlam celebration of the Seiñraij Tuber which ended at Tuberkmaishnong on Monday.
Rakkam said this when asked by reporters what he plans to do first for the improvement of education in the state.
In 2015, 9,236 units were sold from 9,362 units in
In Nongkrem, we hear that the two candidates have started distributing 5000 tyngka per household.
Later, it was learned that nine people were killed in the incident.
The Meghalaya Mines and Mineral Policy 2012 is a law passed by the Government to curb the illegal mining of mineral resources in Meghalaya, including coal, oil, shyiap and others.
Shillong, Lber: The Addl Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has found the body of a patient identified as Bappi Pyngrope, 70 years old. /o Mercy Home, Lawmali who was admitted to this hospital on 13.03.2023 and passed away on 22.03.2023 at 3:07 pm.
Cruise, 60, and Shakira, 46, attended the Miami Grand Prix last month and afterwards. , he never forgot Shakira and reportedly sent love flowers to the singer.
Which was diagnosed based on CT scan and antibodies against corona.
There will also be a special closure of the market on that day so that the residents of the market can witness the ceremony.
However, in these three years, he saw that there has been no change, no development except for corruption, the youth don't get jobs, there is no hope because the leaders are only looting. the money of the people,” said John.
The walls and the City were burned and it was a great loss.
To achieve success, it takes perseverance, endurance, sacrifice, and a bright and positive mindset.
Hashah, who appealed to the people of Ri Khasi, to elect him, has made it clear that he will go to discuss against the Citizenship Amendment Bill and implement the Inner Line Permit, if he wins this election. you are fighting now.
Tura, July 20: The 5th Meghalaya Games Shooting Competition came to an end on the 20th July 2024 at the Monfort Centre, Danakgre, Tura.
If we cannot do anything about this.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) is conducting an investigation.
There was also a speech by the elders that anyone who wants to visit this place should not do anything wrong, speak rude words and do dirty things, because it is a place where the ancients they counted it as a holy law.
This happened at Sohmynting Village, West Jaintia Hills District where Lephing Pyrtuh as the Waheh Shnong won the election against Bravestar Phawa on 13th September The Dolloi of Amwi Elaka has opposed the Council and other Kurs in Sohmynting as soon as he was elected, by writing in the Constitution of the Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting which he registered at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Joint Registrar of Societies. , WJH, that only the Pyrtuh clan can be elected as Waheh Shnong in Sohmynting.
The Nïangleng River flows into the Mawphlang Dam which supplies water to the entire city of Shillong.
He also spoke about the loss of drunkenness, drunkenness and said that by committing such sins it shows that we don't respect God who runs our lives and it is from these. the reason why God sent the hand to write these words "MENE, MENE, TEKEL and PARSIN" which means MENE God has numbered the days of your kingdom and brought it to an end, TEKEL, thou hast been weighed in the balances, and hast been found wanting: thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians.
Call attention – Werbor Pynshai The power given to the members of the Legislative Assembly to call for clarification in the Legislative Assembly on public issues that are urgent in the community.
He said that the difference in the quality of farmland in the country is a treasure trove that will open up opportunities.
In 2014, a PIL was filed in the Meghalaya High Court, and it was ordered to close down the High Risk Buildings which could collapse in the event of an earthquake. which could affect the lives and livelihoods of tens of thousands of people in Ribhoi Mihngi.
Through an RTI search, the union has found that the state government has wasted money by paying salaries of T.1,55,02,266 to the members of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEC). The salary was T.2,87,18,9
Amlarem Sub Division Sports Association (ASSA) beat Dongmihsngi Mupyut 1-0 in the Super Division Football League of Amlarem on Thursday. within 2 minutes of the match and lasted until the end of the match.
The Power of Attorney through counsel also expresses the same view in the affidavit and in the argument that it promises to The Government has postponed the election of candidates and vitiated the election process and thus expresses its firm willingness to implement any recommendation or decision of the Court in this regard.
Since the ban on coal mining, the Supreme Court has allowed the Meghalaya government to sell more than 32 metric tonnes of coal.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government has set up 400 bed quarantine centers for the state, two centres, two in Shillong with 200 beds and one in Tura. containing 200 beds.
Perhaps it may be acceptable or rejected according to the understanding of the writers and if anyone has any suggestions to criticize for the sake of building the Khasi language it will be useful in the future.
Shillong, July 30: “It is only the grace of God” said the Dy.CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, in reply to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC Opposition. Last year's funds which are still pending, and the reply of the Dy.CEM has shocked the House.
“He also said that the VPP wants to see the ethnic parties lead the government.
According to police sources, the woman was identified as Diliancy Nongphud, from the same village. The incident was first discovered by the husband of the woman. longkmie and his brother while they were coming home from work.
Group B: West Bengal, Punjab, Winner Group B (South Zone qualifiers), Goa, Mizoram.
In his speech, he recalled that our nation has produced many leaders like Tirot Singh Syiem, Mon Bhut, Kheiñ Kongor, Phan Nonglait who gave their lives to fight against the British rule.
However, he said, “It is not easy to increase the media coverage,” said Conrad.
We should not be surprised why the UDP is strengthening and strengthening the current MDA 2.0 Government.
Where will the vehicles park For the public meeting to be held by the Prime Minister tomorrow, the public, who wish to attend the meeting, can park their vehicles, at the ground. Golflink and small vehicles can pass near the MPRO office to Lailad, BK Bajoria School to Commerce College, Lumjingshai to Polo parking lot.
BIS conducted 1212 programs for students and faculty of colleges and technical institutes in June to November 2022.
Regarding the cow, the leaders of the Union will lodge an Ejahar at the Nongpoh Police Station, for the purpose of investigating those involved in the incident.
Although the organization has received many suggestions from many NGOs across Meghalaya and the country, the RAM as the union of women's rights is eager to get the Sanjibita McDonald Tariang Sen, Vice Consul at the British Deputy High Commission, Kolkata, has been appointed as the Publicity Secretary of the RAM.
She urged all the athletes to focus and fight hard so that they can reach their goals and have confidence in themselves.
The program was attended by the residents of Mawlyngna, tour guides, owners of homestays and tourism operators.
During the meeting, the officials discussed issues related to the development of trade for the two states.
God the Creator gave them two eyes and these were also placed in such a way that they could see far away.
At the meeting, he said that they have decided to replace the leader.
The KSU said that even after receiving the information, the authorities have not done anything because the KSU has already lodged a complaint with the Shillong Municipal Board.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister said that the Government has set a priority target to focus on the farmers who account for up to 70% of the farmers in Meghalaya.
At the same time, he urged the HNLC to continue and not to decide hastily to withdraw from the peace talks.
“We have decided to accompany the Prime Minister to Delhi tomorrow to meet with the Defense Minister Amit Shah to direct the Governor to approve the MRSSA Ordinance,” he said. said Paul.
At the meeting, the BJP also announced that it is ready and moving forward with the upcoming elections in
The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) is against the bill and demands that the bill should not be implemented in any way, said a statement from Robertjune Kharjahrin, Chairman, COMSO. The Governor of Meghalaya, Tagatha Roy, has not yet given his approval to the amendment to the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Ordinance. , 2019.
Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal will poll nine times and in the first phase, five polling stations will be in UP, two in West Bengal and four in Bihar.
He said the city should invite private individuals or groups to clean up the city as the government alone cannot do anything.
The Israelites chose to be destroyed, and there was no fruit or leaf left in them.
Guwahati: The North East Students' Organization (NESO), which is protesting against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016, has decided to call a curfew on the North Eastern Students' Organization (NESO). on the 8th of July 2019, from 5 pm to 4 pm.
The union wants the MLA of the area who is the leader and the Deputy Commissioner to meet with the NHAI officials to discuss the problems of the people of the district. They have faced a lot of difficulties in coming and going because the condition of the road has been very bad.
“When the road curfew was called at 7 o'clock, it meant that we were far away from the village at 4:30 or 5 o'clock, we had to leave at 4:30 or 5 o'clock. “I've already paid for the car,” said another woman who didn't want to be named.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 04: U MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the intention of the Central Government to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) across the country. ri India which will be submitted to Parliament for approval.
The State Government has defined that the term 'Khlaw' shall be four hectares of land covered with trees in which (a) more than 250 trees shall grow per hectare of 15 cm or (b) more than 100 trees per hectare.
In East Garo Hills, there are 11 cases including one from the Armed Forces, eight from the High Risk Contacts, one from abroad and one from Tikrikilla cluster.
Speaking on the occasion, NPP candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, Macdalyne S Mawlong, said that her intention to contest from Nongpoh Constituency is because she sees the backwardness of the villages. We can say that Nongpoh Constituency is still empty and clean from the roads, the water supply, the farmers' market, the floods from time to time that the people are facing problems and if they The people have appointed me as a leader. We can overcome these problems through the cooperation of parents, religious leaders to achieve our goals.
These villages include Khasi and Garo villages and these villages are Hahim, Kampaduli, Bangjeng, Nawapara, Dronpara, Sohmarang, Nongma, Lower Lumpi ( Langpih, Umtali, Umsing, Makoibari, Mawlan (Katapara), Mawsikar (Upper Lumpi), Umbarot (Umbarot) known as Umbyrsit.
“On the CoMSO's protest at the Secretariat, the Prime Minister said that it was not a violent protest, but a peaceful protest, in which they came and expressed their peaceful protest.
Regarding the allegation by Khlurlamjingshai Lyngkhoi that the Syiem has invited Bah Krally Iawphniaw many times to appear inside the office of the Syiem, we clarify that there has never been such an invitation by the office of the Syiem. he did not receive any information or receive a single letter from the office of Syiem Nobosohphoh.
The order also exempts vehicles carrying foodstuffs, military vehicles, vehicles carrying medical equipment, and factories manufacturing trucks on the highways.
Speaking at a public meeting in Seelampur, Delhi, Rahul said Modi has misused public money just to buy his T.10 shisut. US President Barack Obama visited the country on Republic Day.
“It is shocking that only the forest police has been able to harass the Sordar Shnong, even to the point of threatening him.
It may be recalled that in the campaign on the same theme last year, about 481 schools held rallies, and received about 1,14,417 signatures and participated about 24,005 students in the entire district.
The students who are currently in class X are still in class VIII in 2020 and have not received any training on the course/syllabus of class VIII in that year.
Banteidor said that through this tournament, many players have come out of the Shillong Premier League, as well as from the clubs of the First, Second, Third and Fourth Divisions.
Anan Tanti, the main robber involved in the crime, has been arrested by the Assam police from Namsang tea estate – a slasha plantation on the border with Arunachal Pradesh.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC said that sports activities help children and youth to build their country. It also encourages the athletes to have a goal in life and helps and encourages them to fight against the obstacles in life to reach the goal of winning in life.
the scheme for the provision of electricity to all residents among other schemes.
The Congress-led UPA government has introduced the Look East Policy and the BJP-led NDA government has introduced the Act East Policy. said the MP of the state.
Shillong, Nailar 03: A rally of non-government school teachers under the banner of JACATAM will be held at Madan Iewrynghep Lait-umkhrah on the 5th of Nailar from 10:30 pm.
According to the order of the Governor of Assam, the office of the Hima has fallen into abeyance for 60 years until 1938, that is, from 1876-1
Nongpoh, March 05: Thousands of Hindu devotees in Nongpoh area of ​​Ri Bhoi District today took part in the Durga Puja. religion or celebration to throw the goddess back to the rivers which is according to the traditional belief of the Hindus in the country.
The reason for these decisions was made by the village leaders from the area, after they found that the residents of the villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, have been suffering from this increasing power outage. in which thou hast been blessed in many things.
Referring to the fish vendors in West Khasi Hills, only the residents of Sangriang area produce fish every day.
The machine was procured at a cost of T.24,49,000/- lakh from the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs under the North Eastern Region Urban Development Programme.
For this purpose, the Government of India has also sent sufficient funds.
The BJP has not yet discussed whether to remove the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Ernest Mawrie, after the party failed to win the MLA elections.
The impacts of the widespread disposal of plastic waste on the environment, including in residential areas, are recognized around the world.
This is not an understanding, but a victory.
However, the Shongknor replied, “Even the English have to look at the Chamber Dictionary.
The registration under the AITC scheme was fraudulent by the I-PAC which is an agent who goes around to register women.
The Rangtei Naga Students Union (RSU) is a group that has been supporting the Khasi people in this village when they have been attacked by the Bengalis from Jiribam District.
Aizawl, June 11: After Shillong Lajong and Rang Dayeed United, it is now the turn of Royal Wahingdoh to qualify for the I League by beating Bhawanni beat Bhawanni 3-2 goals in the first leg of the tournament in Aizawl today.
Mawlai and Khliehmawlieh have completed their group stage matches and have qualified for the semi finals of the Meghalaya State League 2023 with their victories. sun.
Juhhi Tariang General Secretary KSU Namdong Area Unit said that they have inspected the hospital after receiving a complaint from the patients that the staff of the hospital do not come to the hospital. The place of care is not the place of work.
She said that the coal mining has affected the poor who have been discriminated against and many families have been left homeless and landless.
The forests in these areas are destroyed especially by the plywood factories.
However, she also said that it is necessary to raise awareness about the rules related to flying and using the national flag.
"When asked about the missing man, the man said they had no information on him.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 4: The failure of the contractor to complete the construction of the Thre bridge connecting Upper New Nongstoiñ to Tiehsaw, which started in 2003, has caused many problems. The students of the KJP Synod Sepngi Higher Secondary School in Tiehsaw.
Regarding the release of salaries of SSA teachers, Rymbui said the department will release their salaries within this month.
In the 70kg category, Tadak Dui (St. Edmund's College) defeated Russel Marboh (Seng Khasi College).
So far, they have only three points from four games in the league and if they don't perform well in the next games, they could be in danger of relegation.
This application has been prepared for the two villages of Pasadwar and Lumpyngngad both villages under Amlarem Sub Division.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah DP Wahlang congratulated the Sports Department of the state for continuing to provide support to the athletes so that they can develop in the field of sports.
Over time, it became evident that a larger one was needed.
On Thursday, 22 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person has died, bringing the death toll to 1475 in the state.
Sangma said it is the duty of the government to curb such incidents, but crimes happen and the government tries to reduce them but we cannot avoid such incidents. It is because of this that there is no law.
The KJP Assembly, which is currently in charge of the hospital, said that in fact the 100th anniversary of the hospital should have been celebrated on 25th October There were also Church leaders from Wales who were supposed to attend and others from abroad, but it could not be held due to the COVID restrictions in other countries.
“I suggest that the department should create the mechanisms to prepare and even start providing food allowances or scholarships to the children who are willing and eager to appear in sports,” said Bah DP Wahlang. stating that he knew some families would not be able to support their children if they only focused on sports.
Shillong, July 6 : U Congress Leader and MP Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that technology should be used to search for mynder in the state as it is very difficult to do it by yourself. people.
“According to him, from East Jaintia Hills alone, there are 63 youths who have applied for the job in the army.
The Mizo National Front (MNF), Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) and Congress have contested candidates from 11 constituencies, while the BJP has contested candidates from 11 constituencies. the 9 regions.
We understand that it is necessary to spend a lot of money on the construction of the Legislative Assembly.
The incident happened on the 16th of this month at 6:30 pm at Iew Mawlong.
JOWAI: Everyone has said that the war zones are clean places, but it has been found that the main road in Amlarem village has become a garbage dump.
It’s a new racing season and things are possible.
Almost all the leaders of SNSBH including President Dr.W.Kharshiing, General Secretary RL Blah and others were present at the meeting. especially those Khasi Pnars who want to live in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 28 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Area Unit has held a program to congratulate the three youths of Shella Village who have been selected to represent the State in the 36th National Games Aquatic Championship in Gujarat. from September 30, 2022 to October 10,
West Ham United manager David Moyes is keen to sign Manchester United star Aaron Wan-Bissaka this summer in order to strengthen the defense.
Shillong, March 12: The oldest school in Khasi Jaintia Hills District, Pastor Thomas Jones, has celebrated its 174th anniversary this year.
For example, he said, “If you look at the advertisements, it shows that Garo get 11 seats, Khasi get 5 seats and it shows clearly that 40:40 doesn't exist anymore because they take the backlog. .
On the other hand, the Village Leaders said before the EAC that only the Village Leaders are coming and they have not yet come out publicly, but if the government does not call for talks and if it goes ahead, they will not refuse. to call for public gatherings even if it seems to violate the protocol of the government.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr. KK Paul will receive the salute in Shillong while the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri will receive the salute in Sohra.
Speaking before the distribution, Bah Sawkmie expressed his satisfaction that in his small capacity he is trying his best to provide equal assistance to all in Mawlai constituency, but because Mawlai is so big, nothing has been seen. , long as you throw water into the sea.
When you ask for the Entry and Exit point, it ends the same way.
Trump entered the area from South Korea, which is not guarded on both sides, and went to North Korea to meet and talk with Jong Un.
“There are cases where vacancies have remained open for 3-4 years and this has put pressure on the department and affected jobs.
The nine issues of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission are on the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India; to revise the social movement (MoU) signed between the two states, to relocate government employees and immediately expel illegal immigrants from ïewmawlong, to revise the employment policy in the state, CBI to investigate into corruption in the state, to investigate by the CBI to punish those involved in the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, to appoint immediately all the remaining jobs in the state state and to demand the ban on the introduction of casinos in the state.
When Allah creates such a disease, there is no doctor or medicine that can cure it.
Shillong, November 18: Although the Sohra area has become famous in the tourism industry, many people don't know about many of the places in the remote areas.
“During this meeting, Prestone informed us that the MHA has returned the Bill after looking into it and directed the state government to turn its attention to some of the issues. “There are many rules that have been included in the Bill,” said Bah Roy.
Dr. Jemino said that now there is no recognition in the District Council because it has been cleaned up.
Compared to his performance in T20 matches in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy last year, he has struggled more this year although his performance has not declined at all.
I
The total number of recoveries is 13,870 and the death toll is
Every nation on this earth has its own language, which it speaks, writes and writes. It is through the language that all nations live and recognize. them through the deity they have in common with them.
The public meeting will start at 11 pm.
She said that when she was announced to audition for the film 'Johkhe.com' she didn't think she would be selected because she was wearing a house dress, but she was happy that she was selected because of this. dep the sap that you have wanted since childhood.
“We don't know the reason but the man came and broke into the house and sat down on the bed,” said the sister.
Police said that Kaisikamo, 32, is from Nagaland, Tilak Rai, 32, is from Nongmensong, Shillong, while R. Gracy Hraveinai, 36, is from Manipur.
The band, which will start performing on the opening day of Cherri Blossom on the 24th, has reached number one on the Billboard chart.
However, it cannot be said that Khliehriat constituency is another constituency where the people of the area will witness a different election this time after the return of MLA and former Minister, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh. back to the world.
What the Lamphang does is to ensure that the work goes smoothly so that it can be completed on time.
Besides this tournament, another tournament of Meghalaya, the Senior Men's Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 Tournament, will start today where the state team will play their first match against Hyderabad on Saturday. fighting in Jaipur.
Kharkutta MLA Cherak W Momin, North Garo Hills Deputy Commissioner SC Sadhu, Superintendent of Police Raghavendra Kumar, Assistant SP Abraham T Sangma and others were present at the meeting. public.
He criticized Mawlai MDC Bah Process T Sawkmie who used to criticize him for not being an MLA. “I don't want to criticize an MDC who is an MLA and a government minister, but I want to “If he says that I am not experienced, I agree on one condition and that is, I am not experienced as an MLA in corruption,” he said.
ANTHONY SUMMER (KHNAM) – 2992.
Shillong, March 16: The Senior Administrative Secretary of the KJP Assembly, Pastor NS Phawa, on Tuesday said that the demand of the employees of Dr. Gordon Robert Hospital as reported in the media to provide an explanation on the allegation that The committee appointed by the Synod to read the report on this has not yet completed its work.
Since the Salvatorian missionaries could no longer return to their missions, the responsibility of carrying the church in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills fell on the shoulders of the Jesuit missionaries. missionaries in the Khasi-Pnar Hills.
On the other hand, he said that the government has promised to implement the scheme for the poor for many years but it has not been implemented yet. only when the name change has not yet been applied.
"For all those who hope to enter the Promised Land, I believe it would be best to remember the precious words of the Bible which are a guide in our lives:-Exodus 23:2- “Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou follow a multitude to pervert judgment”.
"“I would like to appeal to you brothers and sisters to understand the need to go and cast your vote and elect a leader who will serve you the people, who has responsibility for the future and the country. and he shall not serve himself.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The resigned President of the National People's Party (NPP) Mawlai, Bah Sylvester Kurbah, on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) is like an old party that has been replaced by a new bottle. that it is a party that accepts the same people from other parties and excludes new ones.
“If you leave at that time when there is a call for a strike by the drivers because of the high price of petrol, I will take part because I understand what will affect the poor,” he said.
Young people may be proud and more eager to dress like foreigners, but the sign of nationality has disappeared with the passing of the days.
Speaking to Mawphor, KSU Pynursla President Sanlang Diengdoh said that the KSU Mawkliaw after receiving the suspicion of the suspect, went to investigate but the suspect could not reveal the identity of the suspect. he comes to any place and does not have any document to prove that he is a citizen of India.
Four organizations including the KSU, FKJGP, JSU, HNYF and RBYF have called for the lighting of the mombati as a sign of condolences to the Mukroh incident.
There will be many songs and dances from the talents of our brothers and sisters which will entertain us.
“There have been discussions with the Government of India that the funds allocated for this project will be taken away and used for other projects in other areas of the State which are willing to accept the road. train," he said.
Lynti demanded that the government should pay compensation along with employment, sending school to the children of the victims who have become orphans because the families of the victims have no other choice. the deceased are the providers of all the needs of the family.
Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar in his homily speech to the faithful, thanked God for blessing the faithful of the Church of Iooksi and for choosing the villagers from another Rangbah, u Alexander Papeng in 1923 and now there are 222 Christian households and he hopes that God will continue to invite more and more of his fellow villagers in the years to come.
According to a report published in the newspapers yesterday, the Indian government may pass the Constitutional Amendment Act 2020 which prohibits the birth of more than two children.
Mirajune Marsing, President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, has expressed her disagreement with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on her unfounded remarks. to participate in this public march.
This shows that even if we face defeats, we should not give up and we should keep trying until we reach the goal of victory.
According to information received from the IOC, Meghalaya has the lowest number of lyer shet with only 22 percent of the population using lyer shet.
Many farmers in East Khasi Hills who do not own their own farmland also save the land owners by farming on their own land.
When Modi meets with foreign leaders, he always speaks in Hindi and there will be assistants to translate Hindi into English or other languages.
Toi, the government has tried to increase the road from two to four vehicles to pass at once in both directions but the implementation of the work has been very slow.
The meeting will be held at Madan Laban Sports Club (behind the Red Cross) at 10:30 pm.
Dr Raizada is a member of a group of volunteers whose job is to recruit volunteers from all over the country to continue working in the upcoming elections. depth.
Suddenly it was heard from above, that even the soul of man had lost its value, until someone was willing to take it alive, without regret.
Speaking to reporters, Fatima demanded that the police should immediately arrest the killers of her husband.
Various awards were also presented on the occasion including the Best Discipline Team for the women's team by Splash, the Youngest Player for the men's team by Raymond. Henminlam of ONYX Major and Iairi Sangma of Shillong Labet won the MVP award while Lal Rem Ruata won the top scorer award. Yarisha Wahlang from Tyllilang.
The order, issued on July 2, 2020, states that on Tuesday, vehicles with odd numbers will be allowed to drive; but on Sunday, there are even numbers.
The meeting was led by Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswas Sharma and senior officials of Assam, while Meghalaya was led by Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma. Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary to the Chief Minister and other senior officials from Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: Fourteen political parties including KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, GSU, JSU, RBYF, JYF, CSWO, KwaDDA, AJW, AYWO, ADE, AIGU and FAF have today staged a rally. The registration of foreigners in the electoral rolls in the state.
Shillong, July 31: U Bah Bantyngshain Rynga has announced that he will contest as an independent candidate in the upcoming MDC elections from Shella Constituency.
“Dr Kharlukhi added that in another training for the youth on employment, the topic they talked about was 'Don't be unemployed youth but young men who do not work for others.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, has already made it clear that the UDP, which has the most MLAs in the MDA government, will not have The contest will now be between the HSPDP MLAs which have only two MLAs and one seat, the PDF which has four MLAs. The BJP, which has two MLAs, has won one cabinet seat.
(L) Chiang Dhar died shortly after the attack, as they stabbed him with knives, Rahul Pohtam did not want to fight anymore, so he could not run away and tell people,” said the statement.
“The deceased was identified as Aiborlang Marwein, 16, of Wahsiej village,” the source said.
According to sources, on that day, the father of the two children, Gopal Nama Das, had gone to the river along with the two children. shrink.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Police of Sohra and Shella PS this morning conducted a raid on illegal immigrants who do not have proper documents to prove that they are illegal immigrants. I'm going to go to another place.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, MLA was the Chief Guest and LS Wahlang, Demonstration Officer, Government of India was the Chief Guest.
On the other hand, the Halfway Home Sabah Muswang, which is one of the treatment centers especially for those who are coming from the mental health centres, will receive many assistance from counseling, Vocational training, recognition of places of residence and others.
Furthermore, the construction of the JN Stadium in Shillong and the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura is in progress.
In order to raise funds, the farmers have decided to sell their crops, which include about 85 kyntoit under Sasoni Mauza village.
When asked about the electricity supply in the State, the Minister said that what is needed is to take measures now as a precautionary measure so that the power outage will not be as it is now. in advance, instead of turning off electricity for more hours, the frequency of outages will be reduced in the future.
Shillong: Leaders of Christian churches in the North East, under the leadership of the United Christian Forum, have expressed their deep sorrow over the treatment they received during their visit to Bihar. church leaders in the area, to take part in the celebration of Easter, for the Christians in the area; but they were accused of going to convert by force, which is not true.
Fear in these times spreads from one rympei to another.
“We also urge and request the people's leaders like MLAs and MDCs or any organization that looks after the welfare, to turn to us the day laborers.
The JAC against the shifting of C&RD Block Office from Umsning to Lumpih has also expressed its opposition after the suit was filed today against the JAC supported by 30 Dorbar Shnongs of Umsning. C&RD Block in Ri Bhoi District.
One of the measures taken by them is to send a letter to the Municipal Office which will be sent by the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem Office , that the Municipal should remove the water tanks that have been run rynjiw rynjaw throughout the market which has caused a lot of trouble to the market vendors, and it was also seen that the presence of these water pipes which have been released is one of the sources of wastewater that has affected the market. .
Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, resident of Mawbri Village, Ri Bhoi District, has completed his Ph.D.
You can include omega-3 rich foods including fish, nuts and seeds.
“After completion and operation, the factory will have to use rnga, mawleiñ and coal and it could pollute the Rwiang River four times more than it is now.
This goal has encouraged the team under the leadership of Bah Jeffrey Warlarpih.
It may be recalled that Ms Kharshiing has lodged a complaint against five MLAs and MDCs.
The KSU was born in the field of society, governance and employment.
Shillong, Nailar, 24: Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA Kimfa S.Marbaniang on Tuesday said that the State Government will try to talk to the Assam Government for the restoration of the three villages to the Assam Government. Meghalaya which falls under the Aking Hima and the Nonglang Hima.
In the second half, it took a little longer for Rangdajied to score until the 76th minute when Damehun Syih scored the third goal.
The President of the KSU urged the Government of India that if it has the intention to do it in the right way, don't cheat, don't say to come and when they come, try to do something like that.
The Minister said that the purpose of this is to use all electrical appliances in government houses or offices as recognized and defined under this Act in order to save the cost of electricity. and prevent global climate change.
The union said that it will also meet the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to demand that the PHC should be upgraded. Mawlasnai PHC has been upgraded to CHC, as it has provided services to many of the people living in the border area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
The fifth test will be completed on the 11th July 2020. According to the rules, the test will be conducted again after 3 days. The sample will be taken again for testing to determine whether the person has recovered from Covid-1
In this regard, the management of the department has expressed its concern that the number of children enrolled in the NIOS training centers is still too low.
In the future, users will enjoy many other benefits such as the availability of vehicles to pick up and drop off at the airport without having to pay money at a minimum booking fee.
Furthermore, unlike here in India, the people in these countries do not have the time to live without work as the people here in our country do.
The SNSBH has never thought that the state government and the central government these days will turn a blind eye for the benefit of the people of the state and especially the region as a whole.
“Recently, there have been reports in the media that many Government departments have shown prominence in doing well, namely, from the Police Department, the Health Department and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Health (expenditure for the fight against COVID-19), Education, Electricity, Social Welfare and PWD,” said the Congress Youth Leader.
The Sordar of Steplanglur Village, Bah Syntarning Wanniang, said that the company had violated the rules and regulations when detonating the bomb.
However, on the request of the KHNAM MDCs, CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that according to the rule, once 20 MDCs have signed, a special session can be convened.
Thousands of people from different villages and those under the Raid Madan Kyrdem attended the meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) on 7th June at Nongthymmai Kyrdem village. He went to witness the NPP meeting held at the Nongthymmai Kyrdem Stadium.
This is true all over the world no matter where man lives in a different place or village but he is a man created by God.
The incident took place in Ulhasnagar, Maharashtra.
Please come to another forum and we will discuss, but why do you create doubt among the people? “I beg you to go and inject, when our turn comes, don't be afraid about the work of the drugs,” said Shah.
Wanbi Laloo gave the vote of thanks and the meeting was concluded with welcome speeches by Nikerda Laloo Lato.
The Seng urges the MECL to provide for the needs of the people, not to live only on the collection of electricity.
The total number of cases has risen to 2.43 crore and the death toll to 2.7 lakh.
The union also urges the authorities in charge of the road to ensure that those involved in the maintenance of the road do not neglect the maintenance.
Kong Thangkhiew announced that the election will be held tomorrow at 2 pm.
Sri Lanka is currently under heavy surveillance with 10,000 troops patrolling the country and searching for Islamic State militants across the country.
The BJP Meghalaya has urged the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah to take action against the insults against the youth of the North East in order to bring peace to the youth. The Eastern Region has students across India including Delhi.
However, at this moment, it was Ayhika who managed to defeat her completely.
Other participants won 8 gold and silver medals and 12 bronze medals.
“We as the government, we welcome your hard work in winning the medal but it doesn't end here, you should have a desire to reach the goal because you are the future of the state. ," said Sangma.
The information through the newspapers is also necessary, because the people, do not just enter the homes or offices of MLAs, government ministers without knowing it, but when it appears in the newspapers. There are many other visits by MLAs or government ministers, which the MLAs or government ministers usually visit and such visits should not be taken from the money. and if they accept, it is a serious corruption and the CAG should investigate.
On this occasion, the party also appointed and elected new office bearers including the President, Samla Banpynskhemlang Lyngdoh Nonglait, Vice-President Kong Irene Moksha, General Secretary Charlie J Rani, Organizing Secretary:- Presterlang Lartang, Publicity Secretary Samuel Pyngrope, Education Secretary Fridaystar Thangkhiew, Social & Cultural Secretary Wallabiang Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary Jovial Lyngdoh Nonglait, Environment Secretary Ban Lapang and Sport Secretary John Umdor.
Regarding the inspection of the Transit Camp in Khanapara, the Congress leaders, through Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, said that the reason for their inspection was after the They learned that the KHADC has sent a letter to the Assam government to stop the construction of the building, as the land is still within the border of Meghalaya. In Assam, the KHADC has not been appointed by the Syiem of Raid Marwet.
There are those who are still surprised and say, “There are no people in Ri Khasi who write 'Ex.Rev'. The answer is that there are no people in Ri Khasi who have experienced in three kinds of religious activities like me.
Until now, the garbage from the Bhoirymbong market and also from the houses of the residents of the area, has been dumped in parts of Kurkalang Square, where the residents including children, youth and those who have been adults also use it as a place for exercise and various sports.
Police have advised shopkeepers and households to install CCTV cameras to make it easier to fight against theft.
Shillong, March 17: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the MPCC has violated the Constitution of the Congress party by suspending the party without any explanation. The first rule is to ask for an explanation. If any member is found to be doing something wrong, but they don't do it, they don't ask for an explanation from me, they are suspended immediately within hours. said Pynshngaiñ, who has been in the Congress party for many years.
Whether there really are strange creatures, which are protected by the US government and this is a matter, which all the people in the United States, are surprised and uncertain to this day.
Shillong, July 21: After paying T.54,47,515 lakh as pension to the former MDCs, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has suspended the payment of pension to the former MDCs.
Tura, Nailar 6 : U Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma has convened a special meeting with the Head Officers of the Department, Elementary School Teachers of Garo Hills and the MBoSE regarding the overcrowding. Part-time schooling of school children in Garo Hills.
“We have 540 MPs. To amend the Constitution of the country, the BJP needs 362 or up to 370 members.
We have seen only in movies and media the war between Ukraine and Russia but now we will witness it with our own eyes,” he said.
This will be the fourth time that Bah Pala will contest the Lok Sabha elections in
Ardent said this should not be allowed and shouted, “Down Down, we condemn the Governor.
Sports including Mawsan, Mawpoint, Volly Ball, Basketball, Tit Dibit and others were also held. people of Mawkyrwat.
After inspection, they found that the office has not been able to send the requirements to the office of the Director.
People can commit any kind of trafficking,” said Conrad while speaking at the rally held at Mendipathar.
The construction of this road has started since 2013, but it is surprising that until today it has not been completed. The PMGSY road has also caused problems to the people in coming and going.
On the same day, the party honored the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and Bah HS Kharpran, MLA who are the advisors of the party.
Charles Marngar, MDC from Mawhati, will be another MDC to contest the 2023 MLA election.
He said that the union urges the village leaders and especially the people of the area, to improve the way of paying bills to foreigners, as the union has found that these The work that has been done by these foreigners, even the Khasi youth cannot do it.
These items were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong, June 25: The number of cases of fever is high during the first rainy season, said doctors at Shillong Civil Hospital.
Speaking to media, Hek said that although there has been a decrease in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the past few days, it will be too soon to take a decision to release the patients. the judgment of the judgment.
Shillong, July 17 : Members of the Executive Committee of the Union of Rangbah Kurs on Tuesday visited the Chief Executive Committee (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Titosstarwell Chyne on the issue of the passage of the Clan Bill.
While raising this issue, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that according to the figures received from the police department, the expenditure on violence against women has brought great shame to the state.
During their stay in Meghalaya till 11th July, 2023, they will also visit West Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi district to understand the situation regarding the implementation of central government schemes in Meghalaya.
Those who have fever or chills are prohibited from entering these places.
Earlier, the UDP had lodged a complaint against the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
“Regarding the promise to give T.1000 per month to unemployed students, the NPP leader said how can they deliver that money to the youth when there is only an umbrella scheme to register. also it is difficult and painful.
He said that 'Jovan' comes from the word 'youth' which refers to the students of MIT University of Meghalaya.
Science teachers will receive 22,000 teachers instead of 11,000 per month, he added.
The distribution of rice is as follows: AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household at T 3.00 per kilo, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at T3.00 per kilo. , while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per household at a wholesale price of T 11.77 per kilo and at a wholesale price of T12.34 per kilo.
He said that if the government introduces these casino games, it will affect the feelings of the people of Meghalaya and the feelings of various religious leaders.
Sabitry D Sangma, 76, of Bainapara, Betasing, South West Garo Hills.
Jakra was involved in extortion in the name of Baichung Momin, Area Commander of the GNLA. He was involved in extortion from Tura area and police have seized T.1,23,000 thousand tyngka. and u.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Synshar won the Sohiong election which was postponed from 10th June to 27th June 2023 due to the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, his son.
“Although the Dorbar of Shillong Market, Laitlyngkot has strongly warned against dumping garbage along the road and has been patrolling from time to time to prevent such garbage, but this garbage has been done. “It's getting worse and it's affecting the cleanliness of the people of the village,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said, “For the MDC elections, a sub-committee was set up earlier headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh. We have held a meeting with the HSPDP to discuss the MDC elections and it will be held today.
Shillong: U M Chuba, National President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and BJP leader in Meghalaya, has accused the political parties of the state of being mere political parties. Even if they are happy and do not claim to be recognized organizations in the country, they have to bring a bowl and collect from Delhi. Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP), said that Chuba Ao's speech is inappropriate and as a Northeast resident, he should not speak. somehow.
Dr. Helen J Uriah, District Maternal and Child Health Officer, explained the importance of giving this vaccine to young children so that they can avoid diseases caused by disabilities.
Only if the youth have the spirit to work and know all kinds of jobs can we improve the youth in employment or it is also a way to prevent the mynder from coming. Enter the state if you are a young person who knows all kinds of jobs.
The match was very friendly, in which both the teams fought hard but although they had several chances, they couldn't score and in the end the score was 10 points. .
The child was rushed to Sohiong CHC and later shifted to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong where doctors pronounced him dead.
More than 8,000 children from Myanmar, Bangladesh and neighboring Manipur have received assistance through schools in Mizoram.
The purpose of this program is to assist participants from all over India to exchange ideas on the use of modern technology in the field of agriculture. riang and riang ri.
Shillong, Lber: The Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI), the country's financial assistance agency for the establishment of small, medium and large scale enterprises, has agreed to provide assistance to small, medium and large enterprises. Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra, for the construction of an Alternative Lifestyle Center called “Swava Lamban Alternative Lifestyle Unit for the East” (SALUTE) at Rama Krishna Mission Ashram [RKMS] , Sohra, to conduct training in the fields of agriculture, suhjaiñ, production of goods and others.
Vang, 39, lodged a complaint with the police and told them that the 3-year-old child had gone missing from his home on the 20th. while Vang slept and closed his eyes during the day while the child fell under his care.
However, he criticized other political parties for their lack of understanding and determination to speak out on important issues such as the border dispute.
To count the party supporters in every village is very dangerous.
Leningstar Rymbai, President of the Shillong Muslim Union, said that he was surprised to receive a message via Whatapps that Sayeedullah Nongrum, President of the Shillong Muslim Union, has opened a Muslim church on July Shai Suchen sold the land to the Muslims.
All IndiaFaculty & Marketing Executive Posts.08 Posts.
There may be slight differences from the method of counting in the Synteng, Bhoi, War, Maram and here in the Khasi Hills.
In previous years, it has hosted the South Asian Federation Games with Assam, but has been able to host only a few sports.
He said the PWD department will complete the construction of the road in November.
He said that if they do so, it is enough but if they do not do so, the counting will be wrong.
We read that Jesus taught us to love our enemies and to pray for those who persecute us (Matthew 5:44). The self-sacrifice and suffering of Jesus Christ on the cross is a sign of love, love without limits and love without limits.
Thus, after these present governments, the governments of the countries of the world will disappear, and there will come a temporary rule of the Man of sins, who has been chosen to be appointed by Satan. , 3 and a half years or 1260 days and 30 days, so 1290 days.
The World Health Organization (WHO) today warned that the incident could be worse than what happened in
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ronie said that according to the government's estimates, there are about 300-500 land dealers in Shillong and they will be given accommodation prepared by the government.
Rita Dkhar, R/o Lumthari, East Jaintia Hills, U Iong Dkhar, S/o Smt.
“The commitment to a prosperous India is not that of the Modi government or any other government, it is the commitment to take everyone forward on the path of development,” he said.
“We hope that after the meeting we will be able to reach a final discussion on these seven areas which we have tried to resolve,” he said. ".
Perhaps if the government really wants, it can convince that there should be no big shops like in New Shillong or surrounding areas.
“Those who have been excluded are because they are sick with alcohol, do not have the right fingerprints, and others,” said Bah Wahlang. to be misled by this scheme which will really benefit them.
Sunday is the first day of the month.
He said that the Synod will be a blessing not only to the Sakwang Presbyterian Church but to the village as a whole.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that the protest will continue as announced and so far there has been no obstruction from the law enforcement authorities. struggle.
Shops have to display in front of them, commercial vehicles whether local taxis, auto rick shaws or buses have to display in their vehicles as well as other places of business such as private offices and others.
“Drugs are a threat that can bring misery and darkness to the future of the youth and will destroy families and society,” he said. and they are struggling to see their children go to school but many young people think that the future is not bright because of the lack of employment opportunities.
The party is currently led by Gavin M Mylliem; However, this time the party is more strong, except in two constituencies where it has its leaders.
Shillong, June 05: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that the talks on whether to accept or reject the railway in Meghalaya will come only after the government implements the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
“Only 20,000 membership forms have been submitted and there are still many who have not yet submitted their membership forms,” he said. It is expected that the number of people joining the organization will not be less than the target.
He said the EC has acknowledged that the government has taken over the powers of the council in many areas and urged the EC to stop the evasion of council revenue from the stolen coal to reduce expenditure. the council and to assist in the implementation of MDC schemes for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Joint Cadre Authority (JCA) of Meghalaya and Assam today discussed the promotion of Indian Civil Service Officers (ICS) from Meghalaya to Assam. who serves in Assam and Meghalaya.
Her friends and men who used to fight with her began to turn away and were replaced by others who were still strong and whose hair was still bright.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of November in Khliehriat.
The Awami League has also brought in its prominent election campaigner, actress and former songwriter Terana Halim, to convince the people so that there will be no turnout.
Shillong Lajong beat Druma 10-1 in the first leg of the semi-final.
The Polo area has been identified as a hotbed of drug trafficking even in the morning.
In summary, these people, who came out today to protest against the Solid Waste Management, is because the site where the garbage dump is planned to be set up, is nearby. of the area where the water supply comes from, where the residents are afraid that if the garbage dump is located in the area, it will affect the area where the water supply comes from and also will affect the nature does not bring a terrible disaster.
If such problems continue to happen, then the poor will be deprived of their rights and will be on the verge of extinction and death.
