Dozens of Afghan soldiers have been surrounded and shot dead by Taliban militants in recent days, buried together in remote graves, the report said.
The number of illiterate people is very high compared to the growth of literate people.
The match ended 2-2 goals at the end of the first half.
As a result, we have been able to reduce the rent by almost half," he added.
“If their power is taken away, the district council, hima and village power will disappear,” he said.
Those who have been employed first are those who have been approved and have the necessary documents.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Aman said that he is very happy that the party leaders have come to welcome him and announced him as the party candidate for .
The wife and son of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi have been arrested by Lebanese troops, the report said.
He also explained about the new scheme known as the Chief Ministers Special Health Scheme.
It is understood that these workers, who worked in the coal mine, drowned about two days before the public was informed by Karimul Buri, from Assam.
Nongpoh: Police received a tip from the Holy Cross Hospital, Umsaw, this morning at 8 pm, where they informed the police that there was a man, who brought at the hospital amid serious head injuries.
According to the legend, before he died, he had told his children that if he died, his body should be taken back to Sohra and buried near his house. I'm going to buy a bungalow in Saitsohpen.
Looking at the past hundred years, it is true that in the past hundreds of years he lived on top of this mountain, because now there is a sign separating this stone from the mountain.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : The second phase of the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam will be more difficult than the first especially in relation to Block I and II as most of the Khasi and Jaintia villages fall under Karbi. Angle.
Shillong: The Director of Education, Ambrose M Marak, on Tuesday said that it will be difficult for the department to provide LPG gas to 11,800 schools to cook meals for the children. school.
This issue really needs to be discussed and improved and developed together because we have two ethnic groups, Garo and Khasi-Pnar, and without agreement, it is difficult to implement.
The body and the soul die, but the spirit does not die.
He urged the Rangbah Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs not to take sides during the elections as this will affect the peace and order in the villages.
“It is better to ask the people whether they are satisfied with the schemes that the government under the leadership of the Prime Minister has provided to them,” said Bah Syiem.
Also present on the occasion were Jaiaw MDC Paul Lyngdoh, Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw, HYC President Robert Kharjahrin, HYC Secretary Roykupar Synrem, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh. Vice President of HYC together with members of HYC from different units of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Speaking to media on 19th July 2024, Tynsong said that the HNLC's withdrawal from the peace talks is a shocking news for the State Government and the Central Government. The conversation of peace has been going on smoothly.
The players are Jason Lamare – Captain, Punit Singh Bisht (Guest Player) – Vice Captain, Dipu Sangma, Mark Ingty, Bablu Passah, Gurinder Singh (Guest Player), Chengkam Sangma, Yogesh Nagar (Guest Player), Abhay Negi, Raj Biswa, Lakhan Singh, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Wallambok Nongkhlaw, Aditya Singhania and Bijon Dey.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Nonglait said that the associate official languages ​​of Meghalaya are English and Khasi and Garo, so how can the Governor speak in Hindi which many people do not understand.
I can talk about the problems, the security measures, the income, the security measures for us in the country.
But we can't protect it.
Khliehriat November 30: In commemoration of the 161st death anniversary of the country's hero, Woh Kiang Nangbah, the Jaintia National Council under the leadership of the President Rangbah , Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh laid wreaths at the statue of Kiang Nagbah in Khliehriat and held a short meeting at the foot of the statue.
Shillong: On the 3rd November 2018, the BMC Amlarem Block Office, on Tuesday held a special day for children with disabilities at Amlarem Enowel Hall.
Recently, this young man who intends to contest the election from East Shillong has released an article regarding the money received and the spending of the money.
However, the most shocking thing is the collapse of the newly elected Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the night of 21st May 2022 in New Shillong. It has been decided that they will not be able to hold the Dorbar in the next Assembly Session.
According to a statement issued on 8th November 2020, those who were shot dead in Lawsohtun have violated the rules, said a statement by Bah P Marbaniang (Assistant Director, Department of Sports and Youth Affairs). Meghalaya.
For the purpose of payment to them, the Government has divided them into three categories.
In the final of last season, Mawlai SC opened the scoring by beating Kharang SC 7-1 in the first leg, while Lumparing SC beat Kharang SC 7-1 Iasnohktilang Madanrting FC beat Madanrting FC 8-0 in the next match.
We cannot say that even the leaders of our state to this day, are still controlled and commanded by the leaders of the government and do not have the authority as leaders to show the power when the state is destroyed.
Elbrenroy Mawthoh tied 27 runs off 35 balls and Banshanlang Nongdhar scored 25 runs off 21 balls.
To enrich the celebration, the District Administration has conducted an Essay Writing Competition for the students who have completed their Degree, Secondary and Upper Primary with topics on enrollment and registration. to vote which is the foundation of a democratic country.
“The residents of these villages will never go to Assam, because they are from Meghalaya,” said the Assam Chief Minister.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Achik Conscious Party (ACHIK) on Thursday issued a statement to the Voice of the People Party (VPP) through the media to support the demand for Tura will be the winter capital of the state and will take this issue to the Assembly.
On this occasion, the college as a whole congratulated all the groups including parents, alumni, civil society, Rangbah Shnong, members of the Governing Body, The leaders of the North Eastern Hill University, officers of the Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan (RUSA) Cell of the Government of Meghalaya, the students and especially the teachers and staff of the college who have worked hard to bring this honour. of the college.
This program is supported by the Government of Meghalaya under the Voluntary Action Fund 2016-1
We all know that temptation is a danger and as parents we are unlikely to put our children in danger.
Kyrmen said it is up to the wisdom of the state government how to start the peace talks, but the HNLC should immediately stop the violence.
He said the Meghalaya government should cancel the Digital Week which is celebrated every year in the state and India as a whole on the orders of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi. Root.
This award demonstrates the Government's dedicated efforts in saving and using electricity.
We are committed to providing support and opportunities for the development of these skills, and over the past five years we have spent a lot of money to develop sports activities. which is also the top goal for our state.
MCSWA is a union founded by Dr Joanietta Shullai, Director & Founder with the aim of helping and providing treatment to those who are addicted to alcohol. a short life that means to change and escape from the evils of society.
On this occasion, a meeting of Khasi students studying and working in New Delhi was also held by the Unit. Samla Manly Nongpluh, Finance Secretary, Chief Guest, Samla Ruben Najiar, CEC Member of the Sengkmie, Bah Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, Muktiar of the Supreme Court and First President of the Delhi Unit and other dignitaries. Khasi youths in New Delhi have flocked to get to know each other.
The emergence of the Jaintia alphabet has surprised the people of Ri Khasi and some have complained that it originated only from the streets of Jowai and was planted in the shlem. The District Council has been divided to serve the entire District of Jaintia Hills.
Pala said the government needs to study how terrible the influx of foreigners is and how much the nation needs development works and hopes that the government will do this.
Mizoram demands that Assam demarcate the border according to the 1875 Socialist Act, which is the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation (BERF) Act, while the Assam government wants to implement the 1933 Act.
Rani said the farmers offered to buy ₹21,000 each and a goldsmith from Mumbai offered to buy, while the price of these items was high, but they decided not to. but they shall plant, and shall increase the roots of these trees.
Police immediately arrested the protesters and covered them with blankets and took them to Khanapara.
Jeetu Paul took two wickets and was named Player of the Match.
July 15, 2020: Goa vs Punjab.
“However, while the repairs are ongoing, the construction of the new road will also go hand in hand,” he said.
In the last MLA election 2023, the singing of songs by the candidates and parties has increased and almost all the candidates have their own songs.
When Rupang learned that U Bah Eubard Sun, has not been in good health for a long time, today, we had the opportunity to talk to him, who is in bed. When asked how he feels about not being able to sing for several years, Sun said, “I'm sorry that I haven't been able to release an album.
Wealth often makes a person proud and man is often tempted by all kinds of temptations of this world.
However, no one can be blamed for this because since the decision was taken to improve the stadium, the work has been going on without stopping.
In the men's basketball category, Mawlai won against Mawprem, in the women's category, Mawlai won against Wahlang; Freddy Fender Warjri of Manai won the Best Goalkeeper and Balajied Warjri won the Top Scorer. Balajied Warjri won Best Player and Micky Berth Warjri won Promising Football Player.
Mawkyrwat, June 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of Lai Hima Zone today in agreement with the Sordars of Umdohlun, Wahkaji Hills District and those under the three Himas of Langrin, Nobosohphoh and Nongstoiñ Hima have held a meeting to follow up on what they have informed the State Government. in these last few days.
The party feels the need to investigate the corruption in the appointment of LP teachers in the state as revealed by the Central Investigation Bureau (CBI), said UDP Secretary Allan F Dkhar. to reporters today.
“Only the BJP can solve Assam's biggest problem, floods.
The decision to close down the illegal coal factories was taken at a meeting held recently in Shillong.
He said that the most injured were the pedestrians standing nearby.
In a statement, Bah Reynold Dkhar, President of RBYF Mawhati Circle, said that the RBYF Mawhati Circle is deeply saddened by the fact that the Forest Department, which is the protector of the forests, has not been able to protect the forests. The Forest Department has allegedly allocated the forest to a private individual to cut down trees in which there are less than 15,000 trees in the forest.
On the contrary, the majority lose the rights they deserve.
“Our state needs change after 50 years of independence, 35 years of rule by national parties and now is the day to renew, don't give away the keys to our house. If we don't know how to rule ourselves, it's better to go back to Assam. What will we do if we don't know how to rule ourselves?”
On the other hand, the village authorities and teachers have also requested the government not to focus only on the schools in the urban areas while many of the rural children are being neglected despite the teachers' hard work to bring about education, but As the government has a goal to improve education, it should also turn to many schools in the rural areas to introduce schemes and provide according to the requirements that schools should have for the safety of schools. of students.
He said that the meeting was to discuss only this issue.
“I don't understand how to work with the national parties, I have experience with the big party,” she said.
In the seventh position, Shweta Sarma of St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong scored 548 marks.
U Bah Shangpliang also spoke on the agriculture sector in which he said that he has brought the issue to the House to recognize the synsar, sla tyrpad, as agricultural commodities because now they are still considered as agricultural commodities. “But what happened when I followed up on this matter I found that the file is stuck on the desk of Conrad, what government is this that lives only in lies and deceit, the file of the farmers is hidden “When I talked about the problems of the farmers, he said he is not a scientist,” said Bah Shangpliang.
P.B.SKi species of species that can no longer be counted.
Mixing umsohjew and umsying and drinking them after breakfast will help among those who are high in fatigue, as the antioxidants and vitamin C contained in umsohjew can help to increase the amount of protein in the body.
Referring to the match which was played yesterday at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium, it can be said that it was one of the most beautiful matches of the previous matches as both the teams were equal. very powerful which really impressed many of the crowd of spectators.
The EJDCA has also proposed that any team or club which cannot provide equipment to the players should provide it from the federation and the matches will be played by deuce ball and the players who can play well will be selected to lead the team. For more information please call 9612342314 (Tnebha Phawa Secretary EJDCA).
Speaking to u SP News Agency, ADC of East Jaintia Hills District, Alert Nongbri, MCS, said that the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District have decided to start distributing foodgrains this evening. They also sent a message to all those who were stuck in this traffic jam on this NH road in Narpuh.
To terminate the social agreement between the Government of Meghalaya and Assam and to set up police stations in the necessary places along the border with Assam.
Voters are requested to come to the polling station and bring their documents such as Aadhar Number, phone no.
He is also a Junior Engineer in the Water Conservation Department, Shillong.
The UDP has pointed out that the GNLA Chairman Champion Sangma has been quick to surrender. The chairman of the GNLA was arrested in a secret manner and no news was released until the chairman of the GNLA came under investigation and was given special treatment. he is not like other robbers and thieves.
According to the information received, the body may belong to a man.
It is here that the farmers are facing difficulties, due to the high price of mur in the market.
Shillong, July
At night Puriang and Sohryngkham had to replace the vehicles.
At 12 o'clock they will leave Mynkoi Pyrdi to go to Iawmusiang and all the religious places.
However, taking part in the welcome speech, the MDCs from the opposition said that they are very pleased with the appointment of Bah Teinwel as CEM for only 10 years and wanted him to lead until the end of the term. five years.
When we went to another place, where the uranium ore had been mined, until it turned into a powder like an ata-maida, the officer Bhasin who had led us, took the powder in his hand. He also asked us to be like him, because he said that we shall never have such a memorable opportunity in our lives.
It is also worth mentioning that on this occasion, the newly joined women from other parties who have joined the Indian National Congress (INC) were also welcomed.
Across the state, there are 866 beds and 661 beds are required.
Nongpoh, November 22 : The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (NYF) (NYF) has announced that it will hold a meeting with many poor and needy families on the eve of Christmas. HNYF) Nongpoh Circle today distributed 75 poor families in the Nongpoh area.
The invasion of our nation on the land is different from the ancient land of Israel and Judah which fought openly because it is a war that has been fought from within through the suffering of the past and the love of money. and thou shalt have a hundred thousand now.
Genesis 18:16-33.
He said that due to the defeat in Ranikor, it will take time for the NPP to reconcile with the people who want to join the party.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region today visited the Khasi villages on the Meghalaya-Assam border to express their concern over the continuous border crossing by the Assam government. Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that the state government has taken action on the issue of border crossing by Assam.
The increase is Rs 300 for unskilled, Rs 320 for more experienced, Rs 380 for skilled and Rs 420 for highly skilled.
“We feel that the government should announce that the examination should be held before the Higher Secondary results,” said Jyrwa.
However, he said the state government has already passed an official resolution to urge the government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state.
Therefore, the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar urges the government and the MeECL department not to take this issue stingy, as all the users of electricity have to pay for the electricity bill. He added that the monthly bill to MeECL and how the people do not get proper electricity supply have angered and upset many residents of different villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
On the other hand , the ECC Sutnga Elaka leaders have given five days to the government to implement the demands of the people , and if the government cannot implement , the ECC will not take responsibility mih anything happened.
Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member of JHADC, said that Sñiawbhalang will win in 2023 as he won in 2013 and this is because 60 percent of the Congress supporters have joined the NPP. Other speakers including Moodymmai MDC Jesse Suiam and Briwon Pohshna praised the hard work of Ma Sñiawbhalang and said that more than 80 percent of the voters from their constituency will vote for him. I'm sorry.
On the other hand, Bah Robertson Bamon, Site Engineer of NHIDCL, said that the cutting and clearing of the hills for the construction of the road, has been completed about 75 percent and now the Only a few parts of the villages in Nongstoiñ town remain to be completed.
Nongpoh: Two youths, President of Lumdaitkhla Youth Association, and Banteilang Lapang, President of Lumdaitkhla Village, today sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District. They expressed their opposition to the clinker mining site near the Dwarksuid Bridge, near the Umiam River and near Lumdaitkhla and Umroi Nongrah.
When the government led by VP Singh implemented a special allocation for the backward groups, the Congress party opposed it too,” Scindia said.
and God, fire and water shall be nothing, but they shall be the walking place of the righteous, and of those to whom he hath promised.
I am also a supporter of pdf mawphlang constituency. Everyone has agreed to go alone.
Avoid large doors, windows, balconies or fireplaces and other excepted items during heavy thunderstorms.
The NPP was born from the NCP which split from the Congress in those years.
The CEM said that if the bill is passed in the Budget session of the KHADC, the illegal liquor shops, liquor restaurants in the market and empty shops will have to be closed down immediately.
Therefore, there are those who have married and those who have spent time in singleness without marriage.
Manoj and his team were on foot to Mawphu where they were installing electricity in the Umngi River.
Shillong: U Minister of Labour, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that as the new Minister of Labour, he will look into the scheme related to the assistance to contractors and to ensure that all employees who are entitled to receive assistance should receive this amount.
She also encouraged the farmers to try these treatments as they are very effective and beneficial and urged them to use resistant and tolerant crop varieties which are more resistant to diseases and pests. to reduce damage to crops.
The meeting was held at Ladthadlaboh Community Hall, where former MLA S.Mulieh was the chief guest, in the presence of JHADC MDC Dawan Lyngdoh, I.Kharpran Women. Police Sub-Inspector Jowai, Adviser of the party C. Sungoh, leaders of JSU, JSM and others who were invited.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Youth Wing leaders in Ri Bhoi, including Bah Donkupar Sumer and Bah Sumarlang Swer, said that the government should implement these residential schools. He also asked why the government is in a hurry to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Eklavya Model Residential School (EMRS). dep and will make it easier.
When the workers reached their homes, they went to wash, clean and wash in the nearby streams and at night they ate in groups.
This comes after the BSF last month seized a large quantity of cosmetics and clothes from the India-Bangladesh border in the Pyrdwah area.
Through the initiative of the HYC and the Rangbah Dong, these three persons were rushed to the Civil Hospital.
The counting of votes will be held on the 2nd of October.
Meanwhile, the DM of Ri Bhoi District, has informed the public that a house in Nartap village, has been placed in the Micro-Containment Zone, from 27th to 2nd June. This year, the house has been declared a Micro Containment Zone, after it was found that one person from the house has been infected with Covid-1 The house has been placed in the Micro-Containment Zone.
The court also showed the pictures of the garbage hidden around the city of Jowai on the day of the hearing.
They make decisions for high graduates too.
Researchers who research the subject of love have proved that if it were not for love, people could get sick not only physically but also mentally which could affect the depression of the soul.
As the chief guest, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in his speech, congratulated the Synod for its hard work to serve not only the souls, but for the lives of those who have been affected by drugs and HIV. and others who destroy the lives of the youth of the nation.
But now Zack Snyder has come forward to support Amber by deciding to work with her in his upcoming films.
This is the work of sin,” said Gandhi.
“According to the tracking we have received from his mobile phone, his last location is near Guwahati but after a while the mobile phone has turned off. Police have registered a case at Tura Women Police Station and have charged him under several sections of Immoral Trafficking. Act, 1956.
After the seizure of the drugs, the police arrested Huda and seized the Kali and the investigation is ongoing.
Because of this, the poor and needy who go to work every day.
The Kur also feels that this honor is for the sake of the country and the nation as a whole.
In order to maintain peace and order and prevent the gathering of more than 5 persons, the DC of Ri Bhoi, this evening, has enforced Section 144CrPC in the country. -Bhoi District, except in schools, colleges and educational institutions.
“However, when the government set up the Regional Committee, it surprised the District Council because the government did not include them in this committee, even though the Chairman in this committee is the same.
The meeting, which was chaired by the Chief Minister, discussed the non-release of salaries of the employees for two months and especially the continuation of hourly power outages due to the power outage in the state. .
But we know it's not.
The JAC of Land Owners Shillong Western Bypass Ri-Bhoi District has decided to lodge a complaint with the State Government in the next few days to demand that the land owners of Shillong Western Bypass Ri-Bhoi District should resolve this issue. If there is no action from the relevant authorities, the JAC will take other strong measures.
The TMC came to power in West Bengal for the third time in
This has affected the availability of forensic evidence when the case has been submitted to a judicial inquiry.
Thus, in this world the Temple will dwell the beast, the man of sin, the son of destruction.
John 16:33 But if ye say, Why doth not God answer you? God saith, Let your patience be known unto all men.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, NR, said that the HNYF strongly condemns these unfounded statements by the CEM of KAAC. such as blind speech without knowing the origin and which are also words without any foundation.
“Assam and the North East have many opportunities to transport perishable goods through airports.
The curfew was extended from 12 noon to 1:30 pm and this has caused problems to the people,” he said.
While waiting for the tea, Ban read the newspaper 'U Nongsain Hima'
He said that he was appointed as the Chairman of Jarain Market in Mupyut on 13-10-2 Officer, JHADC Jowai said that the name of the market is Jarain.
The arrested suspect was handed over to the Imphal PS for further investigation.
The question arises why as the days and years go by, more and more evils are emerging in the society or even in the homes which is a real threat to the power of evil. I have worked hard in these days.
Spainlang SC fought hard and managed to score through B Kharbangar in the 63rd minute.
The union also said that even the bridges on the national highway especially those bridges from Lumshnong to Sonapur have been filled with heavy snow. Safety for drivers and passengers passing through this road including vehicles from other states and vehicles from within the area and those from other states passing through this road NH-6.
C&RD Minister AT Mondal on Tuesday informed the Legislative Assembly that Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala has not yet called for DISHA meetings in East Khasi Hills and Ri. Bhoi District has been in existence for 10 years.
This has completely affected the mental health of our children.
He praised Halen's parents and family members for their vision and encouraged Halen to use his talent properly.
They are fighting for themselves and not for the people.
The District Mission Management Unit also recognized and distributed awards to the leaders of SHGs of Thadlaskein and Laskein Block.
He said that if the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma is quick to say that Assam will not take even an inch of the land of Mizoram, then why can't it be the same here.
For those of you who are nearby, I have decided to surprise you so that you will be shocked.
Therefore, the Rangbah Shnong, u Bah Shnong, has called upon other villages not to be stingy, but to take action and that is to follow the directions of the government.
Some of them give for their own glory, while others give out of compassion and do not expect to receive a reward by taking glory for themselves.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Union of Youth Organizations of Byrnihat Area in Ri Bhoi District today met and sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Syiem of the Hima. Mylliem, Two Garo groups, the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headmen Association and the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation, have met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to protest against the demand. He said that the Paid Garo should be allowed to become Rangbah Shnong in some villages in the Byrnihat area.
The advancement of technology today has helped people to develop ways and means to keep the environment clean.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Saturday sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah, who is also the Chairman of the North Eastern Council, New Delhi. the office of the NEEPCO and the work of the Chairman, Directors and CVOs from Guwahati to Shillong.
In this incident, several shopkeepers in the area escaped from the incident after leaving the area after closing the shop when the truck hit them. There are also several shops along the National Highway 6 which has caused losses to the shopkeepers.
On the same day, the Chief Minister, Bah Hamletson Dohling and Bah Macmillan Byrsat also distributed checks to the farmers under the Meghalaya Mushroom Mission and also to the Producer Groups under the FOCUS scheme. Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that we understand that farmers are the most important and farmers are a major part of increasing income and Most of the farmers in the state are farmers, but all the farmers have not received the support of the previous governments. Many programs in the field of agriculture such as syieng, shynrai, Milk Mission, Piggery Mission in which more than Rs 10,000 crore the government has spent to support farmers in the last four and a half years" said Conrad Sangma and said that this is the government's goal to support the farmers in the state.
Conrad said the vision to further increase GSDP and enable Meghalaya to achieve the target of US$10 billion in income is prepared through the GSDP for 2022-2 as a starting point, the GSDP of the state was T.42,697 crore or 5.3 billion US dollars.
The carol was attended by non-Christians from all over the country to celebrate the feast day.
The Ranikor Block Congress Committee (BBC) on Saturday announced Victorealness Syiemlieh as the candidate for the Ranikor MLA election
According to the employees, the last time they received their salary was in July this year and the 10 month salary with the promise will be released soon.
Conrad K Sangma said that the oxygen manufacturing plants will deliver the oxygen to the health department and the health department will deliver it to the hospitals according to the need to treat those in need.
“It's better to speak English than Hindi in Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jason Lennox Nongrum, said that the union's commitment to fight against drugs has spread not only in government areas but also in the rural areas. The union will take action to work hard to curb the smuggling of drugs so that the youth can escape the victims of this drug which is the enemy of society.
Vi, a telecom service provider in India, has partnered with EaseMyTrip.com, one of the leading travel booking companies, in an effort to improve further services to users.
Mukul Sangma wrote on Twitter that he and his wife have tested positive for covid-1
Mount Everest is now higher.
HDR Lyngdoh joined the UDP in July last year after resigning from the Congress.
Therefore, those tribes often count sang to kill any snap of the khla or counted sang to eat the meat of the khla.
We must not be deceived again now, we must also be wise and discreet at such times.
In fact, Conrad wanted the government authorities to close down such factories before 10th November.
Noting that the important role of the Court is to deliver justice to the people, Rakkam said, “The NLU will be prepared to produce qualified Muktiars who will be advocates for the people. to promote and protect the rights of the people.
In a statement, the HYC Shillong, John Lyngdoh, said that many Khasi land owners have gone to KHADC to register themselves as land owners.
Furthermore, according to the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, only those who enter India on or before 31st November 2014 and under this clause the minimum stay should not be less than years instead of 11 years under the Citizenship Act
Shillong: A young woman has gone missing from her home and has been abducted by robbers who came to rob her house at 3 mer.
Other members of the committee included Surinder Mohan Bali (IOA joint secretary), Vikram Singh Sisodia (IOA joint secretary), Onkar Singh (IOA joint secretary), Madhu Kant Pathak (IOA associate joint secretary), DV Seetharama Rao ( IOA joint secretary), Malav Shroff (IOA athletes commission representative), Tapan Das Rupak Debroy (IOA executive council member), Firoz Ansari and Sunil Elangbam.
“We are confident that the HC will take action on this issue because the laws and regulations are already in place but we have to wait for the HC to decide,” he said.
For example, only in the case of mystery work, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties in finding young people who are skilled to work even in these jobs, especially when needed. to work with the powers of today's technology.
At the same time, the Symblai Kur congratulates Bah Headerson and bless him to come to victory for the sake of serving the people of the village.
According to the petition, these Dorbar Shnongs and the KSU have advised the residents of Manipur to reach an understanding and stop the bloodshed so that peace and order can return to the country. state because such incidents will result in the loss of lives and damage to property and property.
Bah Dohling is currently the Minister of State in charge of Community and Rural Development.
“My suggestion is that we should take the advice of the Syiems, Himas, Rangbah Shnongs and residents of the villages in the border areas,” he said.
At the same time, the Chairman announced that they have received the support of the STFI, the Irish National Teachers Organization (INTO) and the Irish Congress Trade Union (ICTU).
Among the 22 boys and girls from these areas of the North East, 6 children have been selected for the National Breavery Award including 3 from the North Eastern Region. One state is Mizoram, one is Manipur, one is Assam and one is Meghalaya.
Earlier, Prof Laloo, who is also in charge of the education department, visited the Border Area College in Mawsynram.
She also explained how TB spreads and how to treat it and the people should not be stingy but should treat and go to the nearest health centers as the government provides free treatment, medicines to drink to cure this kind of disease.
I who live in the countryside in my lack of mind think that that lack of mind is also good.
At the time of writing, the number of cases in South Korea has risen to 11,468, with 10,405 recoveries and 270 deaths.
“Black fungus is another type and has been associated with mucormycosis, because it has black spots on the white tits.
It is believed that the suspect is the husband of Fortunate Pala.
In 2009, Ma Vincent received 232,270 votes while now he has received only 209,340 votes, which shows that his vote has been lost to 22,930 votes.
But it is not so, the new heavens and the new earth can come true, Jesus has already laid the foundation of the Kingdom of God here on earth.
Nongstoin, Nailar 31: Regarding the statement of Samla Jylliewsing Marwein, President of the KSU Langpih Area, against the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, Quo" at the public meeting of the KSU Langpih, which was held on the 26th of this month, Rupang also had the opportunity to talk face to face with the MLA on this issue.
Therefore, in all the forests in the Bri U Hynniewtrep which do not fall under the prohibitions of Law Adong, Khloo Blai and Law Shnong, the villagers can cut down trees according to their needs.
In connection with the incident, police have taken the foreigner to the police station for further investigation and have charged him under Section 354 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
The celebration was attended by Kong Marian Maring, President Ri Lajong Farmer Produce Organization as the chief guest. This is the village of Tumenpenlong.
Besides, reports said that when the MLAs arrived at the residence of Bah Lahkmen, they had to wait for three hours for other MLA colleagues who wanted to form the government.
The election is over and we have all accepted what has been offered to us.
The leaders and members of the union said that due to the condition of the road which has been badly damaged, it has caused heavy traffic jam in the area, many vehicles carrying goods have broken down halfway and some “Many residents of the road have caused traffic jam on the NH-6 in Narpuh especially from Lumshnong to Ratacherra-Malidor. The villagers of the area want to decorate their houses during this festive season but they have to stop because they don't feel useful because of the heavy soil pum pum from the road. The condition of the road has disappointed and disappointed the people and most of the time when they intend to travel they don't see the problem they will face on the road where they have to walk through the road full of people. They have to face landslides and traffic jams on the road, said the leaders of the union.
There are many people who live alone but it is what God has set apart.
It is to be recalled that the residents especially the students who have online classes have been complaining to the union from time to time.
The youth who lost his life is the son of Rati Nongtdu.
On Saturday, Suchana, had a fight with her husband at the Goa police station and the fight lasted for about 15 minutes, in the presence of police chiefs. The main reason for the incident was the separation of their husbands and especially the murder of their 4-year-old son.
This company has started operating since 2017 but only the NOC has been received in 2019 and the trading license and labor license are not yet available. “We urge the district council not to take action against these companies who have come from abroad to set up businesses in Hynniewtrep.
According to this order, all Priests, Religious and Catholics of the Diocese of Shillong have been exempted from the obligation to participate in the Lord's Day and Holy Day services until 31st March. ) 2020, said a statement issued by Fr.John Madur, Diocesan Administrator, Archdiocese of Shillong. Seminars and Home Services until 31st March
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of this hero of the country. , I was always amazed by his knowledge and I learned a lot from him,” said Modi.
"We will continue our strike indefinitely until the government gives confirmation to extend the appointment period," said the strikers.
During the meeting, the Engineer promised to assist in the repair as much as he can as the Engineer in charge of the area. However, due to the financial constraints of this government, it cannot be done according to the wishes and aspirations of the people.
This happened in the early hours of the morning before the curfew.
He said that those who have a strong belief in this, their blue eyes turn white and they have a drawing with the number 666 on the back and they have a tattoo from the front to the side with a heart on their chest. the cross is drawn with a knife.
: Therefore, as young people, we must be fully prepared in the path we must walk to escape from evil and to escape from the powers of sin.
Those who know him are urged to call the following numbers to hand over the remains of Skan Ryngkhlem.
Before reaching the border villages, we entered and witnessed the polling in Nartiang at a polling station, Moodop A. The voters cast more than 400 votes out of 600 votes.
Meghalaya has held 40 elections since 1972 and we have not yet experienced political parties that stand and operate according to their new ideology.
The match on that day, in both halves, ended in a draw without any goals, but when it came to the tie breaker, Ri Bhoi United managed to beat. Umden Sports Association.
Mohsin took a wicket and Meghalaya lost all wickets for 157 runs.
Celina, 30, has been disabled in both legs since birth and is 90%.
Starling said they had visited 8.9 hotels around Khyndailad, including Greenland, the MTC hotel and so on, but they didn't want to stay. They also talked to them because their rooms were full.
He said that all the businesses have been provided with the necessary documents.
The ECLGS has been announced as part of the Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Package (ANBP) to enable MSMEs, businesses, private individuals, and MUDRA borrowers to borrow loans without deposit of up to 20% of the loan amount. of them until
Anurag said, “In any state, seeing that sportsmen are more interested in playing any sport, the government should think about promoting that sport so that they can be selected. to the players who are good".
Nongstoiñ, June 24: The demand for fish in West Khasi Hills is high, but until now, every market and shop in the villages have to be filled with fish imported from abroad.
Ed through NIOS and who have also been appointed as teachers.
The same statement was made by Vinesh.
Other signs and witnesses that the Khasi has lived according to the above mentioned that he has been able to erect MAWBYNNA, MAWPYNIENG, MAWKNOR, MAWPUNJINGKIENG, PUNG PUNKRI and others such as Kut (Fort) and KREM (Cave) hideout.
They admitted that the presence of a shop in the area has increased the number of illegal liquor shops in Pommura and in the surrounding villages as well, which has affected the peace.
“After we received his statement, the president and others were allowed to leave the police station,” said the SP. The SP said that after receiving this information, the police have left the road. DC office with the magistrate.
The righteous who stood in the place of Abraham, who came to the throne of God to pray and intercede, but evil was increasing and even the authorities doubted that the righteousness of God would stand.
Jowai, March 02: The Panaliar Child Welfare Organisation, Panaliar Jowai, today celebrated the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi as part of the Swachhata Hi Seva Campaign. and the whole city.
There have been Trustees who have held high positions in the country like (late) Shri Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed who later became the President of India, (late) Shri Maham Singh, (late) Shri S.D.D.Nichols Roy and others.
However, after the incident, the police conducted a search operation and released the man who had been kidnapped.
Dr Sahkhar said that this milk is produced from crossbred cows as well as local or Khasi cows.
The departure time from Shillong to Umroi will be 11 pm and from Umroi Shillong will be based on the arrival of the flight from Kolkata.
Due to the urgency of the matter, this order will be effective immediately from July 5, 2023 until further notice.
According to Rule 26 of the Assam Civil Service (Conduct) Rule 1965, no government employee shall be allowed to marry while his wife is alive without the permission of the State Government. this is a personal matter.
:The Khasi song “Mynsiem” is a recently released song composed by DJ Wanshan and sung by Juice D KId.
Speaking to reporters, Samla R.Nongtri, Publicity, RBYF, Western Zone, said that the RBYF has expressed its regret to see that the Ambulance 108 which is currently at Patharkhmah CHC, has been destroyed. It does not allow patients who need to be treated in Nongpoh, but only those patients who need treatment in Mairang.
“When asked about the ITI, the Deputy Commissioner said that it was in the old office of the DC. ), who have to get admitted to the ITI, and the union has also taken the initiative to inform the public that the public can also give their opinion on the types of courses to be offered at the ITI, if we get ITI will provide training to young people in various fields, so that they can stand on their own feet to start jobs. I give an example of many young people who are trying to find jobs. The answer is that the youth don't have the skills to work, but we hope that if this ITI Center has an office in the district, they will Young people will have the opportunity to train themselves and tomorrow it will be easier for them to find jobs, not only in those jobs in factories but they will also have the opportunity to set up their own businesses like small factories. “Workshops and other opportunities if there is a Skill Development Training Center or ITI in Khliehriat,” said Bah Suchiang.
Shillong, March 25: RTI seeker Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that he strongly supports the State Government's plan to build a casino to increase the revenue collection of the Government.
Thus, “It is impossible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins” Hebrews 10:4
On the other hand, KHNAM, while monitoring the scheme, believes that this scheme has become a mere document that has been placed in the hands of government departments without implementing it with the Government through office memorandum No.PER. (AR)/36/95/566 8th November 2017 has pointed out that there are many departments/offices which have not implemented this scheme properly and directed to ensure that the implementation of this scheme should be done properly. the benefits of casual workers/muster rolls.
“However, the UDP candidate will not reach anywhere and the VPP candidate, as you know, will end up in Nongpoh (Byrnihat),” he said.
Four vehicles heading to Mizoram were stoned and damaged at the border in Bhaga Bazar, Dholai Police Station, Cachar District today. .
He said that the existence of this PHC has helped a lot to the people around Khliehtyrshi.
Besides, according to the information of this reporter, it was found that those residents who have received assistance from the government to build fish ponds, benefit only when there are people who come to take away the fish ponds. There are also some farm owners, who benefit by allowing people to come and fish and charge at the price of 100 to 200 tyngka per day per person. yesterday.
However, if the women stand up, even the robbers don't dare to touch the women.
About 150 Myanmar nationals have fled to Mizoram after a bomb blast near parts of the Indo-Myanmar border by Myanmar warplanes.
Ma Rojini Lyngdoh, also known as Ma Ro, who worked as a driver at Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, passed away on 5/09/2
The 50th Anniversary of the village was inaugurated by Bah Dabaitbha Lamare, one of the youths of the area and was also witnessed by the Sirdar of Raid Madan. Kyrdem, Bah Pholning Makdoh, Officer Incharge of Khapmara PIC, Pyniar Thabah, Rangbah Shnongs from the villages under the Raid Kyrdem and others.
The Minister of Education urged the students who have passed well in Math and Science not only to become Doctors or Engineers but also to turn to the field of teaching.
Rayonald Kharkamni said that the NTC has recently received the Best Performance Nagar Panchayat award for the implementation of the PMAY-U scheme. Nongpoh has been awarded the title of Best House Construction for the construction of beautiful houses through this scheme and so far about 600 houses have been built and some are under construction.
The same will be implemented in Garo Hills, said government officials.
Referring to the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016, Dr Don said, “Why the CAB came into being, the main reason is because of the Muslim minority in Assam and who has been in power in Assam for many years is the Congress party. “It's because the BJP sees this as bringing CAB, but on our part and the government we have, we strongly oppose this CAB, we don't want Hindus or Muslims to rule us,” he said. said Dr. Donkupar Roy.
This musical form is a showcase of the skills and techniques of the martial artists who participate along with the sound that matches the work they do.
The incident happened yesterday when police found a woman with mental disability from Khyndailad and took her by 108 to the hospital. There is no doctor in this area.
After the meeting of the NPP Umsning Block office bearers held at Umsning, the leaders of the NPP Ri-Bhoi District have sent a letter to the President of the NPP Ri-Bhoi Bah Clement Mawlong to convey the news and the decision. of the party supporters from Umsning and to inform the party authorities to take the necessary action.
The Government has admitted that the department has provided medicines to the people who are under home quarantine, but according to the information, these people have said that no one has visited them and even the medicines have been provided. shin spirit is not found.
At present, the union is very concerned, because many of the youth in this age have turned away from sports and cannot reach the district and state level due to the lack of attention. the government to develop the youth of this war zone.
However, at the same time, he said the state government needs to strengthen the laws to prevent the infiltration of foreigners especially if the CAB becomes law. The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, the Land Transfer Act, the Benami Transaction Act and even the Inner Line Permit (ILP) have been implemented to protect the minority community from the infiltration of other ethnic groups,” he said.
“The youth of the State have been suffering from unemployment in the past five years.
He has been arrested since 2020 for raping a child at his home.
Shillong: The Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, Maharam Syiemship, South West Khasi Hills District, has held a short meeting in the presence of the MLA. of the three Priests, who founded the Maharam Kingdom; The Kur Dorbar held at the residence of Kong Prial Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, Nonglyngkien, Mawkyrwat on 8th November, 2023 unanimously decided that the entire Kur which comes from the same family of Mei Iawbei Wankitkhoh and Pa Thawlang Pnan Mylliem, from this day forward, shall write clearly in all the necessary documents or wherever it is necessary to write the jait, Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien.
Speaking to u SB Kharbyngar, Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Laitdom, he said that in the past few months, Jaiaw Laitdom has been able to prevent the spread of the disease. More than 100 residents have been infected with the disease and 11 have died.
This was announced by Sreeprakash, Wing Commander, PRO Defence, Meghalaya.
The decision of the people to elect the leaders to the Legislative Assembly has been widespread in Khasi Hills, partly in Jaintia Hills and more widely in Garo Hills.
Before the meeting, a march was held in which students, teachers, civil society organizations and village leaders took part in the slogans that the law should give a fair trial. spirit shall not set a-long the life of the thief.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECLA) will hold the training from 30th July to 1st June 2020 at Mawkdok.
Prasad, who is the Minister of Law, Electronics and Information Technology, said the Indian government will soon introduce the bill, which will link Aadhar with those who want a driver's licence.
Pyngrope raised a question on the expenditure and output of the KHADC fish farm in Lailad Ri Bhoi District in the House.
It is learned that Donboklang Laloo, a hard working youth and now waiting for the Matrix result, but without thinking, he encountered this tragic incident, until he died without reaching it. thought.
However, as the court did not have the opportunity to do anything, it has postponed its verdict, he said.
Opposition leaders, including Congress President Sonia Gandhi, held a protest this morning in front of Gandhi's statue in Parliament to protest against the implementation of the Constitution. Today, the opening day of Parliament, members of the Congress party, holding iong flags inside the Parliament.
“There have been 2-3 candidates who have expressed to the party that they want to contest the Lok Sabha elections on the party ticket from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, but we have not taken a decision on anyone,” he said.
She said that the counting of votes will be held on the same day on the 7th of June.
In West Jaintia Hills, 46 cases have been reported of which 8 cases are undergoing treatment and 38 cases have recovered. In West Khasi Hills, 66 cases have been reported, of which 9 cases are undergoing treatment and nine were healed.
Through this Rozgar Mela programme, the Ministry of Home Affairs has recruited youths in various CAPFs like CRPF, BSF, Shashtra Seema Bal (SSB), Assam Rifles. , CISE, ITBP and Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) as well as the Delhi Police.
With this victory, Rymbai Shkenshynriah will lead the district to the Meghalaya State League to be held next year.
The KHADC grounds were also filled with members of KSU, JACSO, LYWA and others who came to wait for the outcome of the meeting.
At this stage of the decision-making process on the border dispute between our state and Assam, it is clear that we will not get a fair decision and there will be no disagreement on any decision that we all agree on. two governments and the true rights we can only get if we send a trial through the law (This is something we should do immediately without delay and not just byrngem just by words as we have heard the threats of the Sengbhalang, the District Council, etc. without any response till now).
People from all over the country flocked to the Lights extravaganza as part of the Christmas and New Year celebrations.
What is the injustice of Lucifer? It is Pride.
Police have not yet found the vehicles and police have left for Assam after finding the body of Damehipaia on Tuesday.
“This shows that the shops in Majai are foreigners.
If we appear in a good name it is happiness, but sadly and if we appear in evil deeds that do not know our own race, it affects the future of our race.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton said that the tourist attraction will be opened on the 4th November, 2023 by the Minister of Tourism, Government of Meghalaya. With the cooperation of various government departments, this site will be transformed and all the pending works will be completed before it is opened.
However, the Court has suspended the new appointments while the number of employees appointed through the roster system has not yet been counted.
Before the end of the first half, Lajong led by Bah Bobby L.Nongbet scored the first goal through Laiwang Bohham in the 44th minute for more than 10 goals.
When asked by Dr Donkupar Roy who wanted to know about Nirul Islam, Kong Warjri said she would provide this inside the house.
The NHAI has requested time to respond and the hearing will be held on July 13,
The former CEM of KHADC said that the land is what the people of Mawkyrwat want and there have been many political parties and NGOs who have promised that if the KHADC does not They have vowed to protest against the signing of the agreement.
Even the leaders of the Union of Dorbar Shong Shangpung do not have the knowledge and understanding to think of others and they are just demanding for their own benefit.
We are ready to hold more meetings in the coming days”.
Speaking on the speech of Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek on the election of a new president within the party, the President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that it’s just his personal statement.
Perhaps the time has come for us to think further about the political situation in this state and the country as a whole.
Sohra: The 169.35 meter bridge over Wahrew, which connects Bholaganj, Sohbar and Nongjri, was inaugurated yesterday.
Shillong: Tourists who came to see the beauty of the Elephant Fall, on Saturday, were shocked to find that the valley has turned red. together with the scent of iwtung.
You too, children, should not be afraid when your parents ask, you should have the responsibility to free your brother/sister.
Who do we blame? And so on...God created us to be masters in this world but many of us will become slaves in this system.
Shillong: The clashes between the Khasi-Pnar and Karbi people in Lapangap village have intensified, due to the violence of the Karbi people who have chased away even the Meghalaya Police who were patrolling the village.
The names of the players selected to represent the state are: Awesa G Momin, Kambesa Agitok Sangma, Jayshree Singh, Dubleen D Nengnong, Banrikmen Lyngdoh TongkharStandbys: Rikmanchi M Sangma, Dianchidora N Sangma, Monica SinghSupport staff: Ranjana Yadav (head coach), Marty Mustafa (assistant coach), Hetraina D ), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (physio), Daniel Dan (physio).
The Stroke Association said the findings of the survey were shocking.
When it comes out of the hole it begins to eat the leaves, and within a few days it grows to about an inch and a half.
Jowai: The Assam government has resumed the construction of the Pdein Charieñ road in Lapangap village, West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya.
Not only that, but their lack of work has also caused losses and disruption in the working methods, whether for the people or for the officers, because they can no longer fulfill their objectives. bor that above.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D Shira, MLAs including Charles Pyngrope, Lahkmen Rymbui and Banteidor Lyngdoh. Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Commissioner & Secretary of the Meghalaya Assembly Dr Andrew Simons and other government officials.
According to reports, many of these firearms have been stolen by ethnic groups suspected to be Meitei and there is also a concern that these firearms may have reached the country. The security forces are conducting a thorough search for the missing weapons.
The vendors said that this year too, the collection of donations has been threatened and forced to pay the price. They said that the vendors have been threatened that if they cannot pay, they will be forced to pay the price. They should no longer sit down.
On the same day, he left for Tura to seek the support of the people of the state to vote for the BJP in this election.
“In fact, the government has decided to appoint a new administration because it has been a long time since we have asked for an Assembly and therefore the construction will last for 10 or 15 years and the EC has requested to appoint a new administration. The Urban Affairs Department will invite you to visit the site to see if it is suitable and if we get a new office for the old one we will consider other income generating activities. “It's up to the committee,” said the CEM. “The office has only 3 acres,” said the CEM. “The Council has requested about 20 acres and this has been discussed with the committee. the Engineer and they said it was fine.
It is to be recalled that after the sudden death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei), the candidate of the UDP party on 20th June 2023, the election in this constituency has been postponed while the election There are 59 constituencies in Meghalaya.
He said that the reason why foreigners are willing to do business in these areas is that many of the names of the villages are in foreign names. The CEM of KHADC has been asked to take action to translate the names of these villages into Khasi.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the reason for reaching this border may have been due to drinking and the mistake of others.
We still make sure to always practice what we teach, but as soon as a complaint comes to us, we immediately take action".
The investigation into the case has been handed over to Sub Inspector L Siangshai of Nongstoin Women Police Station who has charged them under Section 3 (a)/4 of the POCSO Act.
The Temple was looked after and managed by the Raid Nartiang under the leadership of the Doloi and his associates.
On the second day, 159 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to
In the book of Exodus we read about the struggle and journey of a group of slaves to reach the Promised Land.
“We request the PWD department to complete this bridge on time for the benefit of the people and to avoid being affected by the long distance from Nartiang,” said BPTFSPOA President Ma A Sungoh and General. Secretary BPTFSPOA Children.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, the MLA along with others, have come to seize these water pipes, on the allegation that these water pipes, are within the border of Meghalaya. Sam Assam.
This rifle was brought outside and was built by Walther, which cost thousands of dollars.
The descent of the Holy Spirit is called Pentecost which means 50 or 50 days.
According to Conrad, the government has many missions such as the Lakadong Mission, the Ngap Mission, the Sohphan Mission, among others. These missions are to improve the agriculture and income of farmers.
In a statement, Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi, Secretary of HANM West Khasi Hills, said that the HANM is surprised at the government's insult to the teachers for not paying their salaries for many months which is their right. .
“I hope one day, groups like BTS will come to perform in this city,” said Bong-Kil.
Regarding the arrest of Ebakordor Nongpluh, the HNLC said that he was a police informer.
“Without the Sixth Khyrnit, there is no longer any Kmie clan, ownership of land or in the rule of law.
Shillong Labeth, Shillong beat Bengal Tigresses Kolkata 12-11 basket points.
At the opening ceremony of the tournament, a short meeting was held, which was conducted by Ma Serus Lypon, and a welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong, Ma DS War. the presence of the Rangbah of this area.
Regarding the forgiveness of school fees, Fr.John Madur said that schools should forgive about 50 percent of the school fees especially for those children who come from poor families and The school authorities or the SMC will have to take action regarding the waiver of school fees.
Aadhaar was launched on 28 January
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Bah Bindo M.Lanong, who contested as an independent candidate from Nongkrem Constituency on Tuesday, has been the first to announce that he will not win. Nongkrem Constituency has been elected to the National Assembly Constituency.
This gradually destroys the relationship first with the Creator and then between the couple in which many causes arise which even the smallest cause turns into a consuming fire.
He said that this year the Seng has tried to expand the cultivation of rice to other villages in the district.
At the 19th Asian Games, India won 107 medals, more than the 70 medals won at the 2018 Asian Games in Indonesia.
Furthermore, what is shocking is that those VDPs of the villages block only the small and poor, while the rich and the poor are released free.
That is why he sent his only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, into the world.
The BJYM Meghalaya demands that the government should send a Judicial Inquiry into the allegations against the Governor of Meghalaya, who has resigned from his post. this is the charge.
An investigation is being conducted into the incident," Newton said.
The new constituency will witness the contest of Thedious from the Congress, Wanpli from the UDP and Vicky from the Independent.
"Gunanka urged the people not to stop planting this variety of plants and to plant them for at least four to five years and after this the soil will change and it will be possible. to plant other crops and to cultivate jhur by planting Citronella in the gardens.
It is not only the forest, or the house arrest, but there are many villages, which still erect gates, abroad, by preventing the entry and exit of the people, ( while they allow those who go to buy kyiad every day) and this prevents the residents from going to the fields, to work in the neighboring villages and this is an excessive act of violence.
A 26-year-old woman has been confirmed positive for the corona virus in Mumbai.
The Budget Session of the KHADC will continue for three days from 19th to 21st July.
Sir Thomas Jones and his mother set foot in Sohra in the midst of heavy rain.
As a sign of celebration, there was also a performance of the Dingkum, while in the evening there was a performance by the children of the village.
Before the breaking of the colours, there was a 'Bhang' which was a game between the two teams, the phangneiñ and the phangwah. and according to the religious belief, in this year the harvest will be good for the field.
The HSPDP has also contributed in many areas for the political development of the state and to serve the people of the state during the past 50 years.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: A shop on the National Highway has collapsed and been damaged after a truck carrying goods collided with it this morning.
“We have to think carefully because the state needs educated people to live and work for the development of the state and if the government is wrong, “There will come a time when the educated youth will have to leave the state in search of jobs and this will be a loss for our state”.
In another incident, Carlos Salgita M Marak lodged a complaint that at 2:50 pm on July 14, robbers broke into his wine store at Hawakhana, Tura. , and stole T.5,70,0
He started making various traditional musical instruments and trained himself to play these.
We are proud and congratulate you for the upcoming Presidential election”.
But Jesus violates these rules that bind, enslave and enslave women.
Those who attended the meeting included Minister of State and MLA Marcuise N Marak and Tura MP Agatha K Sangma.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Ronnie Wahlang, BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block.
“We have taken good care of the cleanliness of the environment,” said Bah Pachiang.
This inspection was after receiving many complaints from the public especially those who seek treatment at the MCH Jowai.
Earlier, search and rescue authorities had said that MH370 had crashed in the Southern Indian Ocean, but now there are doubts, as the facts have not been found despite the efforts of search teams. until the sea.
Earlier, Rupang reported that the preparations for the new Synod are in full swing, in which seven Presbyteries will come together to form the new Synod.
He and Manish Sharma shared 10 wickets for Sikkim – Manish took 6/40 in 18 overs while Abhishek took 4/31 in
Conrad said the State Government has allocated up to T.100 crore per annum for the Solar Mission.
He said this while speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Women's College on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State in the presence of East Shillong MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on the 9th of this month.
The Chief Leader of the Union of Barikor in the State, Bah Raphael Warjri, acknowledged the statement of those leaders and stressed the need for the development of skilled trainers in the field of writing in the state. for the development of young people who wish to improve in this field.
Earlier, the Dorbar Hima Nongstoin had held a public meeting and decided on 13th January 1948 to become an independent Hima outside India and Pakistan.
Shillong: U Bah TW Chyne, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that he and his Executive Members will meet with the Minister of State on the 26th of this month. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to seek clarification from the government on the non-release of the KHADC allocation from the 15th Finance Commission.
Prostitution poses a threat and is harmful to our minority Nation.
This happened at Mihmyntdu village in West Jaintia Hills where it was found that the woman was abducted this morning.
“Although Bah Shylla has resigned from the NC, he has succeeded in exposing the wrongdoings of the EC of Bah Pynshngain, he has succeeded in exposing the management of this EC,” said Dr Mawthoh.
In this regard, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), European countries have been able to acquire firearms and explosives in recent years.
The first match of the day was between Mawlai Sports Club and Kharang Sports Club and in this match Mawlai Sports Club beat Kharang 7-1
According to the members of the Swim Well Aquatic Club (SWAC), Shillong, who have produced Certified Life Guard and First Aid from Shillong, they have a plan to train how to think especially when swimming or walking. sha um sha thwei to all those who like to swim in any place to avoid injury or accidents.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The United DP Youth Wing (UDP) in a statement sent by its state president, Bah Hamlet Dohling, has sent a letter of request to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests Department to withdraw the announcement. CASFOS has announced the vacancies of Assistant Conservator of Forests (Probationer) for the year 2014-2015 at CASFOS. This announcement is illegal according to the government.
“Furthermore, the Minister said that the Ministry of Education is waiting for the Ministry or the department in charge of the Central Government to release the second installment within 15 days. come.
According to reports, the thieves have even dared to steal cows, goats and even pigs and chickens.
Shillong, Naitung 23: U Bah Pynshailang Lyngdoh Nongdiang, a Youtuber, has been summoned to appear before the Sadar Police Station on Saturday. PS Lyngdoh has posted a video on his Youtube Channel criticizing the work of the Police Department and the State Government has delayed in releasing the investigation report into the shooting of Former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, handed over the letter to the State Government by the retired Judge Justice T.Vaiphei.
Speaking at the meeting, Bhoumik said that the central government is determined to empower people with disabilities and has continued to work according to the target of the Minister. Head of the country to provide services to all.
On the other hand, the Minister said the Assam government is ready to talk to those who oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) as many opponents have been misled to the opposition.
New Delhi: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has demanded a fine of Rs 1,000 crore against Baba Ramdev for his insulting remarks against allopathy and demanded a public apology. , within 15 days and if he does not work, he will have to pay T.1,000 crore as a fine.
However, as it was not known that there would be a riot after this, the owners of the illegal quarries along with the contractors and their equipment fled their workplaces.
But at that time what I want to say, my dear friends, is that if such an anxiety or a heavy burden comes into our lives, what we should do is , God's Word says: “Our heavenly Father knows better than all our needs that we should seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness , for all these things shall be added unto you" Matthew 6:32-3
Shillong, November 14 : Meghalaya's journey in the U-19 Women's One Day Trophy has come to an end after they lost by 203 runs to Punjab in the last match of the tournament. Group A in New Delhi on Tuesday.
“I have been in the North East, I know very well that Christians, Hindus and other religions live together without any hatred,” Oram said.
If you get 17 marks for 5 chapters, you don't get 23 marks.
He also urged all the participants to have personal responsibility and to have a goal to bring about change in their homes, villages and society as a whole. other.
Therefore, she urged the government to immediately remove all the coke plants in Lelad.
“I went to Umniuh by public transport,” said Dr Donkupar.
In Jowai, although the match was not the first round, both Pdengkarong and Sein Pynbhalang played hard in the middle of the field and impressed the crowd with their performances.
The rejection of Jesus by the Jews continues today and they do not accept the name of Jesus in Israel.
He said that the security they are receiving will continue until an agreement is reached between the Central Agency and the State Agency regarding their accommodation.
According to information received by the CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, if the state government accepts these people who come to New Shillong, it will be like violating the Meghalaya Act. The Land Transfer Act, which protects the indigenous people.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong said he is confident that the NPP will win the election because of the number of candidates that the party will contest in the four constituencies. In Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala constituencies, they are good, hardworking and willing to serve the people.
However, at this time, it was seen that the Russian troops, not only fought and attacked the Ukrainian troops, but also arrested and imprisoned the Ukrainian troops to torture and show Ukraine, with the aim of defaming Ukraine.
According to the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the incident happened on 21st June.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The All Meghalaya Labor Association (AMLA) on Tuesday expressed its full support to the demand of the VPP and Bah Ardent to amend the Reservation Policy. The demand should be implemented and brought to the negotiating table within 36 hours otherwise the union will take strong action.
The dorbar hall, which includes the village office, was inaugurated by the MLA of the area, Bah Chyne in the presence of elders, village officials and the people.
The Medical Superintendent of Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong, Dr Paswet, immediately informed the district authorities and the mock drill was started.
Former Umsning MDC Bah Donkupar Sumer on 17th June 2013 has lodged a complaint against the President of the Voice of the Opposition. Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been arrested on charges of involvement in the land purchase scam during his tenure as CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
In the match on Saturday, Wahlyngkhat SC scored the first goal in the sixth minute through Ronaldo Khongshun Jersey and by the end of the first half, Wahlyngkhat SC had a 1-0 lead.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has planned to hold a public hearing on Star Cement's plan to increase its coal mining capacity from 9 lakh tonnes per annum to 25 lakh tonnes per annum. The residents of Lumshnong, civil society and school children have come out to protest against the proposal of the dewbilat factory on Tuesday.
“In the state, the Congress will sit in the opposition in the Legislative Assembly,” he said.
At the same time, she said that if the TMC comes to power, all its election promises will be implemented within 100 days from the date of assumption of power.
In addition, the application has reduced the time for payment of salaries to these health workers from 120 days to 5 days.
We who have lived to sell shirta meat to ask to put it inside the ïit, will leave us and we have to think carefully how so that the meat will not be lost,” said Bah Warlarpih.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest recalled the Government's efforts in the field of employment and urged the students to take advantage of the opportunities that come to them.
Like a khla ryngkew, he walked without rest until the time came when the country elected him to be the leader of the meeting at Madiah Kmai Blai near the Syntu Ksiar River where his statue still stands.
The Chief Minister said that the state government will hold tournaments in various clubs, where teams will emerge with the best players in the state.
Post Name:- Stenographer Grade-IINo of posts:- 2 (1+1)Department:- Civil Defense & Home Guards/Chief Engineer P.W.D.(Buildings)Pay Scale:- Level 11th of the Revised Pay StructureEducational Qualification:- Graduate in any discipline from any recognized University with a minimum speed of 120 words per minute in Short Hand.
He said that on Friday morning, shopkeepers in Ïewduh including others who sell along Motphran road, Mawlong market and others came to stand in line to collect tokens to get the right medicine to protect themselves from the disease. There are also those who have had to suspend before sending back the next day due to the lack of stock.
The union has also inspected the footpaths, which are very rough.
Therefore, all the previous kings have never had power in the Hima for personal gain and since Mynbarim, there has never been a Syiem who bought land for himself while he was on the throne. the king because they understood that they had no right to buy land.
The babu said, “It's better to do that.
He added that last year, 17,000 Psychrotrophic Tablets were seized and this year 44,000 tablets were seized and 27,000 tablets were seized last year. Police have seized 1.5 lakh tyngka this year.
This shows that the arrangements have been completed but all that remains is to complete the meeting as a General Council before raising the flag of the PDF and turning off the symbol of the mombati.
The violence against him sometimes doesn't mean that he doesn't shoot, kill or even destroy the house or release San shyieng just because of the father's illness.
At the same time, Babu Valentine Thyrniang has been the President of the Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee since that date. to become the leader of the Congress party.
“We are pleased that we have received the support of the central government and the Assam government to reach this goal,” said Conrad.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, on Tuesday said that the village of Iongkhuli in Umtyrnga area, which has suffered the incident of collapsing electricity posts by the Assam Police, has been destroyed by the Assam Police. He also expressed his concern over what happened in the village.
JOWAI: Ma Hundred Phawa, former Secretary of Mukhaialong Village Council, has been elected as the Waheh Shnong of Mukhaialong Village Council.
Since 2017, the Seng has turned to the goal of providing assistance to school children from poor families, said a statement from Bah Bah Priak.
The Bill was introduced in 2019 in the Rajya Sabha and the Committee of Home Affairs has already sent its recommendations on 5th October, 2020 to the Government and now the Government intends to introduce the Bill. .
The composer of the song is Kiridhon Karamsa and the dance teacher is Chinthongkiri Bey.
Earlier, while issuing the order, the Court had cited the violation of Articles 19 (e) and 21 of the Constitution of India.
Lanong said that these three leaders have taken BB Lyngdoh as their leader and he is a leader who has never changed his principles since he was in politics until that he has passed away and he is also a man who has never lost an election.
Haba came to Rida.
It is better for the dongmusa to leave their own state otherwise while we are together with the dongmusa they will burn down the cow country and sell our country. It is better for foreigners to leave their own state.
The long-standing clash between the two ethnic groups, the Karbi and the Khasi Pnar, has emerged from the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya. Thursday.
Suting praised the Congress party as one of the best parties as it has good leaders and can lead the government after the elections.
After that, the Rajya Sabha was dissolved.
This method has also started to be used in India for several years now.
At the same time, KYM through its President Khroo L Pariat urges the residents of Jowai who are around the Myntdu River from Mihmyntdu, Khliehtyrchi, Jowai to Ïalong and Tuber. to curb the spread of garbage in the Myntdu River.
Under the National Edible Oil Mission, T.234 crore has been allocated for the North East alone to focus on palm oil.
In fact, the greatest achievement of the Khasi Subject Teachers is in their ability to instill in the students that pride in their own language.
“What surprises us is that this building has been in construction for five years but the Government is still silent on this to release the Bill,” said the union.
The police have restrained themselves and therefore there has been no shooting by the police.
When asked whether they have gone to the court to file a complaint, they replied that they have not yet gone but they have gone only to ask the authorities to release them from the case. .
When the sky was dark as they had agreed to meet at the separation place, they arrived but after waiting for a while Prestarius did not return so his friends went back to their village and go and ask your family if you have returned home.
“They are new faces and I am confident that the people will vote wisely because as a party we have allowed the youth to contest from the party and I am confident that the people will win them. ," he said.
Nitish Kumar was stoned today by the residents of Nandan village in Buxar district of Bihar.
The match will continue on Thursday between Riatsamthiah SC and Umsohsun SC at 3 pm at the Third Ground, Polo.
During the election campaign, it was seen that many comments came from all over the country that the election campaign in Sohiong has been successful because there has been no discussion on the election campaign. roi that about.
Commander Shangpliang, Chairman of the Special Committee to look into various issues affecting the area, said that the meeting was chaired by the President. TK Lyngdoh and on behalf of the President expressed his pleasure and encouragement to see many of the dignitaries who came to take part in this meeting of the EC. The meeting was held after many elders attended the meeting and expressed their desire to strengthen the party to ensure victory in the 2018 elections.
After receiving the Sanad, the 40 Rangbah Shnongs on their part, said that they are now happy that they too have taken part.
The committee also directed the political parties to submit a written statement to explain why the Reservation Policy needs to be reviewed to avoid any problems.
The Principal of the College, Dr. EP Lyngdoh gave the welcome speech and Dr. Rapmebantei Kharkongor, Assistant Professor, Department of English as the Convener, while Prof. M.S. Warjri, IQAC Coordinator welcomed the guests.
FIFA's decision to suspend the All India Football Federation (AFF) is like a threat to the tournament. here in the whole country.
Chestar Nongtdu scored in the 19th minute and Soki Bareh in the 26th minute.
I don't know if you're like that.
On the same day, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also inaugurated the office of the VO which has been built and constructed by the VO for the purpose of improving and running the activities of the VO Khliehriat. March 01: The Rashtriya Poshan Maah, which was held for the past 10 months, ended today at Jalaphet Bri Sutnga. ), East Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with other government departments and the theme of the program is 'Mahila Aur Swasthiya' and 'Baccha Aur Shiksha' Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, congratulated the ICDS department and the team for conducting this successful programme. Various programs for children and children have also received nutritious food through the Agamwadi Centres, as well as those women who are pregnant. The program was also held to hold the VHNDs, as well as to honor those who have been given injections and other activities have been completed. visit the Aganwadi Centers to understand that the Aganwadi Centers should be adequate.
In October 2020, the NGT Committee approved on a pilot basis to auction up to 2 lakh MT out of 32 lakh MT of coal in the State.
Jowai, Lber 17: All vehicles coming from East Khasi Hill area will enter from Moodymmai Road and park their vehicles at Lum Mynso Parking Lot, Hun Shylla Park and leave on the same road. that they came in.
In the remaining minutes of the match, Lajong had many chances to score, but in the end they had to take a 2-0 lead against Lajong. Churchill scored three points at the end of the game.
Because the anti-Messiah, the false Christ, is not in Israel today.
Shillong: Non-Khasi residents of Kat Building, Jhalupara, have been arrested by the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) since Monday morning. They went to investigate and destroy with puh shilum these households who have illegally occupied these areas.
“After the inspection, the JAC has requested RTI to find out the details of this road and found that the engineers have already released more than T12 crore to the contractors, without doing anything. The investigation into whether the construction of this road has been done in accordance with the PWD rules or not, shows that the PWD rules are only in books”.
Vivek said the arrested soldier is from Bishnupur district, Goryagi, Assam.
In order to avoid any mistakes or mistakes, the court has taken this step.
After the threat, Bah Shadap and other Sengbhalang leaders went to meet with the Khliehriat Police Station and urged them to arrest the robber who threatened the Sengbhalang leader.
Also present at the meeting were Bah RG Momin MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam who is currently in the MDA II government, other leaders of the Independent Group who have contested the elections in previous years, such as Chenang Marak from Rangsahpara, Alfred Kharbani from Umkap, Lurshai Kharbani from Umkap and others.
Every year many programs have been held as Regional CMEs, not the Annual NATCON and IASO MIDCON. they like it.
Four children were killed in the incident including Wanlambiang Kharmyndai, 9, Banlumlang Kharmyndai, 6, Ribhalin Kharmyndai, 4 and Daphilari Kharmyndai, age.
At the time of writing, the incident is not clear and Rupang.com will continue to monitor the incident.
“All the people involved on the part of the state government have already informed us of the steps we have taken to move forward with this border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya,” he added. .
Shillong received 18.5mm of rainfall, 30.0mm in Sohra and 16.4mm in Umiam.
Solo Momin scored 31 runs off 42 balls, Amarjeet scored 17 runs off 16 balls, while Parveen scored 2 wickets off 19 balls. Shaisngi scored 2 wickets for 18 runs in 4 overs.
Shillong, March 27: The residents of Lyngkhong village, which falls under the Raid Lyngkhat, Hima Khyrim, are living in fear that the border crossing between India and Bangladesh will cause Lyngkhong village to be destroyed. They went to Bangladesh.
This other issue will go to the EC of KHADC for consideration.
He said the MDA government has already handed over Khanapara, Ganesguri and Maikhuli to Assam according to the MoU.
Nongshlong said that Mawïamsyiem is a village where 80% of the residents are Garo and he was elected as the Sordar. All residents who have registered to stay in Meghalaya, if they wish to stay in Meghalaya, should submit them to the district authorities of Assam. West Khasi Hills to send to the Election Commission to know and register all the names in Meghalaya.
Scott said this is a major reason for the US authorities to enforce laws on the purchase and possession of firearms by households in the country, as part of the to prevent the increase in violence and shooting incidents as witnessed in these days.
Shillong, July 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma demanding that the Government should appoint Chairman and Co-Chairman. , Vice-Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the MEDC, MREGC and the Regional Planning and Development Council (RPDC) to return all the money they have received. fees, allowances and other income.
The Father (Shynrang) should be the head of his own household.
The Long-Range Arrow 3 System was developed in collaboration between Israeli and US companies, and for this reason, before selling the Arrow 3 System to other countries, Israel has approval from the United States is required.
However, although the CEM has said that he will invite them to speak, sources from the District Council said that it is not only an invitation to speak but an invitation to appear before the CEM. The Dorbar Bah held on the 5th of July at Polo Ground has decided that the Chief Executive Members shall vote by one vote on any matter relating to the Khadar Administration. He said that the Federation of Khasi States led by the Pa'iem should not go through the Federation of Traditional Dorbars whose Chairman is the CEM of KHADC. Laborius Syiem has ignored the rule and should remove their writing because they have not been informed by the FoTD. Only 15 MDCs from different political parties came to take part in the meeting and not a single MDC from the HSPDP was present. The Rangbah Shnong has decided to meet with the 30 MDCs of KHADC on a day of his choice to talk to the government not to pass laws regarding the Dorbah Shnong or Dorbah Hima. These are the subjects of the District Council and will also follow up in writing on the same day to meet to oppose the government's laws if it does not listen to their demands.
Conrad said the state government and the party will take action to talk to the central government on the demand for ILP, to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang to clarify the letter sent by the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government to the Deputy Commissioners (DCs). ) which requested them to close all toll gates set up by the Autonomous District Councils or their authorities including Hima/Elaka on National Highways, State Highways and Districts. Roads in violation of the National Highways Act 1956 and the Control of National Highways Act 2002 and other laws.
The KSU leaders also strongly criticized the Assam police, saying that there is no reason why vehicles from Meghalaya should be arrested and fined by the Assam police without any reason. It is encouraging that even those who went to get medicine or for any urgent work, but were delayed by the Assam police.
He also told about the dressing of elephants from the forest and claimed that he has been able to catch about 500 elephants in a year.
“We hope that a non-Congress party will win power in Meghalaya in 2018,” said Paswan, who was in the capital today.
However, the surprising thing is that as soon as you swear to tell the truth (don't lie/thank you) in the Word of God, all your fears suddenly disappear.
Educational Qualification:- Graduate in Engineering (Civil) from a recognized University (or have passed in Section A and B or AMIE India Civil).
Himanta Biswa Sarma said, “The police have to change their behaviour.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the search for the bodies of the people is difficult, but it has not lost hope.
Earlier, JACSO Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the meeting will clarify the construction of the road and also the tender announced by UCIL.
Why does the MDA Government hide the reports of the Regional Committees and the Social Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on the border issues with Assam? He also said that this Government is the only one that takes care of this issue and not others.
In a statement sent by Bah B.Nongrum, President of the JCEC, said that the purpose of the public meeting is to discuss and improve the quality of education on the JCEC. election of the leader in this 2018 election.
The Meghalaya State Kickboxing Association congratulates the athletes on returning home with medals.
Referring to Meghalaya, it is regrettable that MS Associates of MK Subha has been awarded the paper lottery and on line lottery from the Government of Meghalaya and has not yet paid T.25 crore government tax. According to the Government News 2009, and in 1995 he was ready to agree to run MeSEB by MS Associates and it was the wisdom of Bah BB Lyngdoh, the leader who made this plan happen.
The candidates who have nominated themselves for the post of MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency include the incumbent MP Vincent H Pala of the Congress, M Ampareen Lyngdoh of the National People's Party (NPP), Dr Ricky Andrew J Syngkon of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin of the United Democratic Party (UDP) with the support of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), and two independent candidates. Independent', Dr Lakhon Kma and Peter Shallam.
The court found that there were the same photographs given in the earlier report on 11.12.2023 The court criticized the NHAI for its negligence and lack of transparency in relation to the PIL. The NHAI had to apologize and the court ordered Sengupta to submit a detailed and new report regarding the complainant's complaint.
Shah said that those who have weapons should leave them with the police and strict action will be taken against those who have weapons during a thorough search by the police.
The girl was taken to the Laitumkhrah Police Station, but the video showed her shouting and threatening the police, who were at the scene that night.
He was born in Gurugram.
The District Magistrate has also banned the quarrying of stone and shyiap along the Myntdu River and its surrounding areas.
Their enemy is the devil.
If the NAM has started the protest, it will bring with it the members from our village.
The General Secretary of Nongtalang Village and the Secretary of the Adhoc Committee of the 14 Villages under the CHC Nongtalang, Bah D.Marshiang said, “The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of these two villages at the meeting held on the 31st Lber, they held a meeting and decided to strongly oppose the government's plan to hand over the PHCs and CHCs to the parties”.
Panjab University, Chandigarh (Manu Bhaker, Sarabjot Singh) 16 (573); 2.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: The kinglieng competition, which was scheduled to be held tomorrow at Wah Umngot, has been canceled due to the flooding of the river at Dawki.
in Chandigre, India.
“I have asked them (fish traders and sellers) how many days it will take for the trucks from Karnataka to deliver the fish to Shillong.
Shillong, March 15: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) has taken a major step towards the cleanliness of the city and the Umkhrah River.
Wapung Secondary School, Wapung Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District, has started its Silver Jubilee celebration on Tuesday and the celebration will continue throughout the year.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued today has informed that due to the rapid increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and high risk contacts in the village, Umjakoit, Mairang Civil Sub-Division, has declared this village as a containment zone as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
She said that the government's delay in paying their salaries has put the ASHA workers in great difficulties, besides receiving a minimum salary of only T.2,000 per month and That's T.2,000 more than we get because they calculate the payment according to our ability to work.
Speaking to Dr.H.Carehome Pakynteiñ after their return from the meeting, he expressed his gratitude to NEIAFMR for informing him and invited the herbalists from Meghalaya to participate in the meeting. this is the meeting.
This has also frightened the vendors to be in the area at night due to the presence of these drug users.
He met the cow on the road near Wah Simsang, about 30 km from Baghmara.
Before inspecting the site, a meeting was held between the party and village leaders at the Iing Dorbar of the village, after which they will inspect the site. They found that the parking lot of the party had been destroyed and that the house had been covered with a blanket and had not built a single one.
The Minister added that Garo Hills, which does not already have a railway line to Mendipathar, and if it is willing to accept, it may be able to extend the railway line in the region.
Md Sonaualah, a veteran of the Kargil war, is not an Indian.
The traders have to increase the price of their goods, which they sell to me and to you, so that the robbers can recover the money looted by these 'Ieit Ri Ieit' groups. Nation'.
Then he was elected from among the leaders of the party.
Presenting the budget for the year 2016-17, Mukul said that these schemes given to each MLA have brought benefits to the people of the constituencies and therefore, the government will Increase the budget from T.1 crore to T.2 crore per annum for each MLA in this budget.
In many of the tournaments I have played, I have experienced the good, the bad and the happy.
On the same day, the HYC West Khasi Hills District also commemorated the death anniversary of Maieit. who is in the village of Mawkyllei.
“We have seen clearly that the government jobs have decreased and the government has not been able to create new jobs from itself. % jobs in the private sector,” said Bah LouisShuh. He said that jobs in the private sector have the ability to employ many young people but they don't want to employ the youth. .
This time is full of temptations, trials and slander from friends to lure us into all kinds of evil deeds and if we fall into these evil clothes through our friends, those whom we trust in have ended their lives to torment and torment us forever.
In the women's category, Bainlumlin L Nongpiur of Risingstar Boxing Club (48kg), Moniliza Vishlux (50kg) of Risingstar Boxing Club, Shreena Thapa (52kg) of Risingstar Boxing Club and Sonia won the title. Tamang (54kg) of the Boxing Association of East Khasi Hills District.
How much does this plate cost? However, the ICMR report says that 56.4% of Indians get sick due to lack of food and drink.
In the efforts to raise awareness and promote the preservation of culture, buildings and houses in the state, the Department of Tourism and Travel Management of Martin Luther Christian University organized by World Heritage Week by holding a Heritage Walk in Jowai on Tuesday.
However, in such cases, the great work of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma has been seen; Electricity Minister James Sangma and MeECL CMD Arun Kembhavi.
Shillong: The DC's Office has announced to re-impose a night curfew from 11th to 18th July as part of the prevention of the spread of corona virus in the state especially in East Khasi Hills. 2020 haka from 7 pm to 6 pm.
He said that in this age of knowledge, it is the most difficult age for the youth to reach their goals, but as youth they should not lose heart and should to have that strong determination that whatever they plan to do should be successful for their bright future.
There are 9 recoveries from the disease.
He said that even the press publishing newspapers have been affected and most of them are in Mawlai Constituency.
The success of the film at the box office has given hope to other films that they can do well.
In fact, this old method of removing the food pipe is usually done by cutting larger parts of the shadem which causes severe pain and a long recovery time.
Think about the right path.
After the meeting, as usual in all the meetings of the Party around the area, the registration of members was also held, in which it was seen that many supporters from other parties from the villages under Mairang. New Delhi, March 17 : The Supreme Court of India has issued an order that no Same sex marriage has not been legally recognized and LGBTQIA+ have been denied the same marriage rights in the country.
Thus, on Tuesday, he had to go to work as usual but he went with special precautions because of the danger to his life after the incident.
The KSU said that the PS's attention to the request of the union is a great achievement but also an encouragement to the Union to continue the fight against illegal parking on the roadside. from Laitlyngkot to Pomlum, where in these vehicles parked along the road, it was found that they were drinking alcohol and acting rudely and speaking rude language.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Bah Hercules Suting said that the party cannot help but express its sorrow and anger to see that these acts of violence by the Assam Police are increasing. as the days went by.
However, we should not be stingy because in India and Assam there is still this Coronavirus, the curfew on the entry and exit of foreigners should continue.
Prestone replied, “What is the reason why Dr. Mukul Sangma says that we are following the path of action.
We see the image of God portrayed by migrant laborers who move from one village to another in search of work.
Meghalaya has stolen 3441.8601 hectares of land in Goalpara (33.8156), Cachar (602.0117), Kamrup (802.6823), Salmara South-Mankachar (3.3505) and West Karbi Anglong (2000.00). 1777.58 hectares in the districts of Hailakandi (1000.00), Karimganj (377.58) and Cachar (400.00).
The purchase price of these cows, which were in the vehicle, is worth T.2.5 lakh.
This came a day after the VPP opposed the Government's decision to allocate more land for the relocation of these families from Them Metor.
Why does the Church hide? Why don't Church Leaders dare to stand up against corruption, corruption and others in politics and in the ruling government? Is it because they are unclean in life, in money, in church, in society or in politics? It is unfortunate and unfortunate that Christian, Hindu, Muslim and other religious leaders hobnobbed with politicians and candidates during elections, especially to ask for assistance. procession, synod, presbytery, district, assembly, jubilee or other: assistance in building churches, church buildings, schools or other special assistance.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (COMSO) on Tuesday said that the protest programs will continue until the government passes a law.
In these three places, the synjuk has struggled as much as possible to improve the water supply by working hard to throw stones.
Sharma was previously involved with the RSS-linked student union, the ABVP, and also served as BJP General Secretary in Rajasthan.
Shillong, July 24 : The State Government on Tuesday approved an amendment to the Meghalaya Financial Service Rules, 1989, to ensure that there is only one Financial Rule in the State.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prestone Tynsong expressed his satisfaction to see the smiling faces of the people of Ranikor area, as the foundation stone of the Ranikor Civil Subdivision has been laid. He said that from today the SDO Civil will be working from his temporary office in Ranikor.
Khroo L.Pariat said that according to the NGT Act, all these buildings within 500 meters of the Myntdu River should be completely demolished.
There is a cost for this and the children of thousands are united for this.
Political parties have started to clean up the household by setting up offices of Women's Wings and Youth Wings in every Block and Circle.
The young woman, who wanted to see Delhi and get a flight, was caught by him but when she arrived in Delhi he raped her inside a hotel room, the source said.
He questioned the absence of female police officers and the use of only male police officers on this day.
The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the MDC election is not to strengthen KHNAM but to strengthen the powers of the District Council.
He said the test has been ordered from vehicles carrying fish as well as from shops selling fish.
It was an era that could lead to a national disaster.
In the rural areas, from class 1 to class 5, from class 6 to class 8, from class 9 to class 12, they will go to school.
The BJP leaders also announced that Edmund Sangma has been elected as the National Council Member from Tura.
It is to be recalled that the tournament was organized by the Eastern West Fan Club Forum at the Football Stadium of Dom Mawlum Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
Therefore I put my thoughts in our hearts, What shall we do this time? Therefore, read and think before we get involved in political turmoil.
He said that the budget brought in by the government for the construction of assets to create jobs in the state, in which they have fallen more and more and this shows that the The government does not want to build these things for future benefit, but only to feed on medicine.
Rida also did as her mother told her and respected her even though she didn't like it.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkynrew Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Labor Inspector of Mawkynrew C&RD Block against the employment of foreigners. work permit rights in your area.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Rocky Hek expressed his pride that a student from his village has been able to harvest the soh which has brought fame and glory to the village. with her hard work.
But don't let the powers of darkness, such as moneylenders, robbers, take away your rights.
To harvest the rice, it is placed in bags and soaked in water for 12 to 24 hours.
The students who attend classes here are from poor families, because those who don't have money have moved to the city, and those students who have low marks, don't have the opportunity to get classes in Shillong. .
The 6th Annual General Meeting of the Central Executive Committee (AJMRWLU) will be held on the 10th of this month at Madan Jrisalein, Chutwakhu, Jowai at 10:00 am.
Shibun said it is also the responsibility of the state government to encourage the farming industry where people can take this industry as a source of income so that there is no need to buy animals from abroad. seven
The Chief Guest, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the government has tried to find ways and means to improve the agriculture sector by opening assistance through various schemes so that the farmers of the state can get through the Ministry of Agriculture.
All the members of the party as well as those who have left the party from Garo Hills, Jaintia Hills, Shillong and so on will also participate in the meeting.
According to him, the PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshek Assam has not been able to start but since he spoke to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the work has immediately started.
Therefore, first we will call a tender for the bridge to connect to this area on the other side of the river, and once we have called we will soon start the work and later we will build the road,” he said. he said.
In JHADC, 2,49,334 and 1,20,675 are males while 1,28,592 are females.
For the last time! The Khasi country is my beloved country, remember that we must take care of our country and not sell it to the foreigners for a day just for profit, ourselves without thinking about the future. children of my hands are yours.
On the other hand, the party also urges the MLA to look into these demands of the party.
Meanwhile, Congress MLA Leader, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the state government has promised that the roster system will ensure that there will be no discrimination against any ethnic group.
The salary of Pawan Hans, according to estimates, is T.60,000 per hour and if the prime minister runs only three hours a day, it will reach T.3 lakh per day. In 9 days, it will reach T.27 lakh.
Wahlang is also the son of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit who has contested MP elections in the past.
Ma Passah said that he has been charged T.84,000 for the repair fee and 15 percent of the price of the vehicle.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : Two former Indian stars who have been produced by Meghalaya in the past few years, are now ready to lead Rangdajied United FC to the 3rd Division I-League which will start soon this month. .
The Executive Committee of KHADC was formed under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla with the participation of four MDCs of the PDF, Latiplang, James and Blanding. Before the CEM election, Grace had filed her nomination papers as the PDF candidate.
The SAFF has partnered with the Government in this regard during the opening of places of worship in the spring of
Biam had to resign after joining the BJP and leaving the UDP.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Six months after the Assam Forest Department officials cut down and destroyed the kwai, tympew and soh trees of the Khasi Pnar people living in three villages of Cachar. Hills District, the farmers of these villages are still living in darkness and shaïong and especially in fear.
The authors read their works in the form of poetry, short stories, songs, history and criticism.
We see that there was a work of God through the Holy Spirit working among them (Acts 1:12-2:14).
In 2012, SportsPro ranked Dhoni the 16th most expensive sportsperson in the world.
According to research, this leaf also has antibacterial, analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties which help to cure mouth ulcers.
Revelation 11:7-1
So in the evening we conducted a raid and arrested the three along with two juveniles," he said.
Leave Nongstoin by four wheeler, pass through the New Nongstoin-Mawiaban road followed by the road near the Veterinary Syiar Farm, turn onto the NH 44E Nongstoin Bye-Pass and turn onto the NH 44E Nongstoin Bye-Pass. 100 days (MNREGS) road of Tiebah village will reach the village.
This was also confirmed by the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah KP Pangniang in the presence of the Sordars of these nine villages. and the government's statement that each MLA should elect one model village within the constituency.
The Social Welfare Minister has now decided to take to court those journalists who ask questions about the rice scam.
Warning the Sikh community to take action, Prestone said the Sikh community abroad should not support the government's plan to evict the metor drivers from Iewmawlong.
Syiem Wickliffe has been away from Nongstoin since 1948 and temporarily stayed opposite the Bagli Hat of the former Nongstoin Hima.
The program was conducted by Ms. N. Marbaniang, M&EO, DMHP and the main part was taken by Ms. B. Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, DMHP. , Nailar 05: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Syndai Unit has expressed its deep satisfaction after the success of the demand for the replacement of the transformer which has been missing for three months in Syndai Village. It has now received a new transformer which is fully operational.
According to him, there have been more than 1000 self-employed entrepreneurs whom the government has supported including Self Help Groups in the villages and these have opened up opportunities for self-employment. in relation to tourist accommodation, vehicles to transport tourists and also in relation to agricultural vehicles.
Earlier, in 1974-75, the Government had passed an Act passed by the Union Home Ministry of India known as the FOREIGNS RULES ORDER 1976 for those coming from Nepal who had to obtain a RAP to enter the country. However, in 1995, the Restricted Area Permit (RAP) was revoked to promote the tourism industry. one and Nepal.
T Wanniang scored the goals for Lawmali in the 27th minute and L Nongkynrih in the 29th minute.
The nano urea plant is more efficient than the urea plant in terms of capex, energy consumption and lower carbon footprint.
She also expressed her regret and regret that such incidents will happen in the North East where India has discussed the violence against women in Manipur.
It is on this basis that the Seng has urged the Hima Mylliem to change the names of these Garo people to become Rangbah Shnongs.
Therefore, he said that this news has shocked many leaders of various departments and countries because as seen, the US President has tried to urge and warn Israel that it is not allowed to to disturb the civilian population of Gaza and to stop its plans to attack the Gaza city of Rafah.
politicians must have a clean record to represent and this candidate does not earn my one Vote.
Conrad also criticized the government for not having a policy for the youth, sports or sports. “When there is no policy, how can things be done?” he said.
The meeting was attended by Cornelius Kharhunai, Dondor Marwein and Daniel Marbaniang, President, Secretary and Treasurer of MBA, Teibor Pathaw and Roges Synrem.
Regional Sales Manager of TATA PV Soumen Paul said that the new vehicle is well designed to serve the people.
But we are not the ones who remain in the dark.
When asked why the UDP party has delayed in opposing the issue, Allan said that until the SMR has clarified that the issue will be put on hold, it will be suspended and resumed. others that already exist such as team shooting and others.
The Khasi newspapers have translated the traffic jam in English and it is now widely accepted.
He has also been a member of the Swayamsevak since 1985 and a senior member of the BJP in Delhi since
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Ohiwot Laloo, Secretary IRCS West Jaintia Hills, explained the foundation and purpose of the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS). Henry Dunant to help the soldiers in this battle.
The relationship between the Central Government, Manipur and especially here in Meghalaya is not clean and true.
They expressed their gratitude to the Executive Committee of KHADC for taking note of the concerns of the people of Langrin Hima.
Earlier, we had held about 12-13 meetings where we discussed how to give advice regarding the recruitment quota which has not been reviewed for 51 years,” said Dr. Mawthoh. recalls that the party has also included this issue in the recent parliamentary elections.
She said that it is necessary to revive this method of treatment which uses drugs that do not affect the human body, unlike the foreign drugs which can seriously affect the human body.
When asked what the party would do if Singh was not removed from the cabinet, Khushboo said, “We will wait and see what they will do to him.” and leaders and MPs from Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti to Giriraj Singh and Sakshi Maharaj, who are very good at criticizing others.
In view of this, the duty of the MEDC is to advise the government on how to increase the income of the state.
From the 27th of this month, they are no longer leaders and members of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) but have become full office bearers of the Mawkyrwat Constituency Socio-Economic and Political Awareness Committee (MCSEPAC).
The NSCN-IM said that the prime ministers, from time to time, have made it clear that the talks will be held at the highest level and that the venue of the talks will be held at the highest level. which has nothing to do with outside India and does not have any restrictions, but all these have been violated these days.
Earlier, the owner of the Polo Towers Hotel, Raj Kumar Sharma and 24 foreign traders had appealed to the High Court which had suspended the construction of the market.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has said that it has found that many Village Employment Councils (VECs) have failed to implement the MGNREGS scheme in Jaintia Hills.
The TMC and NPP leaders in Mawshynrut will also be confused by the TMC leadership in Mawshynrut as the TMC since it started spreading in Meghalaya has worked hard to enter the villages. know the situation.
He also requested the Dorbar Shnongs to release the areas where vehicles can pass as the roads are too crowded.
The organization says the incident will affect patient care.
The project was funded by the Department of Commerce and Industries (DCI) of the State Government. Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Rural Industrialization (MGIRI) Wardha, Maharashtra, which is an R&D Institute under the Ministry of MSME, Government of India.
Police are investigating into the incident and have registered a case against Solomon.
This decision of the people came after a thorough and lively public meeting held at the Indoor Stadium, Khliehshnong, Malki on 16/11/2018 in which more than 300 supporters attended. to participate actively.
Samuel said that various political parties in the North East today came out to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 introduced by the Central Government but it is only in Tripura that the Citizenship Amendment Bill “In Tripura, the state residents have become low paid, the government has not allowed them to protest. “It's against the central government's intention to introduce this bill, it was only after being forced that the government agreed,” he said.
AMKA has decided to hold the 29th Inter School & 11th Inter College Karate Tournament 2023 at the Multi Purpose Indoor Stadium, STC, NEHU. Up to 80 schools and 7 colleges have participated in the tournament, which is more than 100,000 participants compared to last year.
When Paul was preaching to the Gentiles, a Jew named Bar-Jesus sent for Paul (Saul) to hear the word of God. There was also Elymas the sorcerer.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, Shylla said, “Those who oppose the Khasi Social Customs (Second Amendment) Bill, There are only about 10 percent because they are married to non-Khasis”.
They also called it “Democratic, Pluralism.
The winner of the Upper Division received a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka while the runner-up received a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka.
After this, the ANTF police came to arrest the suspect and seized 40 boxes of heroin weighing 10.97 grams.
Paiem Latho said this after a meeting at the CEM's office in KHADC. According to Paiem Latho, the former ECs in the past, did not work like this. The current EC especially to focus on the Iewduh.
He said that the strength of our nation lies in the shoulders of the youth and therefore, as the youth who have taken this leadership position within the party, they should not sleep. However, they should work hard to strengthen the party and if the party is strong we can win many UDP candidates and only when we are in power or we get the rule we can fulfill them. “It's the challenges of the nation that are still pending to strengthen our nation,” he added.
Khliehriat, July 23: Police of Umkiang Patrolling Post, East Jaintia Hills District, today conducted a special program to raise awareness on the dangers of drugs. kot lyngkdop to all truck drivers passing through this road on NH-6 Umkiang.
The DC in his report has mentioned only the coal behind Don Bosco College but has not mentioned other coal mines near Don Bosco College and two other places. near the main road where in one place there was a sign that it was the coal that had been seized and counted.
Ms. B.Rynjah, CDPO, ICDS Project gave a speech on health and hygiene.
He also strongly condemned the maintenance of the highway in some parts, because it has been cleaned only with shyiap-khyndew and stone and every time it rains the water has carried away the shyiap and only the stones are left. have added to the deterioration of this highway.
On the ban on beef, Alphons said the central government has no role in banning or ordering people not to eat beef, but it is up to the people of the state how they want to eat. , to dress.
Speaking on the occasion, TMC candidate Fernandes Dkhar strongly criticized the MDA government for bringing the issue in the House to pass the vacancy law.
In a letter to Conrad K Sangma, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia said that the residents of Bakur and Muktapur areas have been subjected to theft and looting by Bangladeshis from household items to cows about 39 times. typically.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : BJP Shillong North Constituency on Tuesday said that during a visit to his house in preparation for the election, he found that almost all young people do not have adequate employment even when those young people who have completed higher education.
I will always be a Liverpool fan until I die.
Then he came, and all the things were done.
Ma Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat explained the benefits of the three ration cards including AAY Card, PHH Card and Non NFSA Card.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has informed the HYC that the MHA has disagreements regarding the construction of Entry-Exit Points or gates according to the rules of law. , because the gates will deter people who want to enter the State".
The Air Force has indicated the reason and I have already answered this last month,” he said.
On the other hand, the MLA has tried his best to provide tin sop iing to these households who have been affected by the natural disaster, as many of the tin sop peng have collapsed due to the cold weather. baheh cat you phan.
“In this recruitment, the old members will have to renew as well as those who want to join,” said Ernest.
The Association of Land Dealers has also submitted to the Chief Secretary its suggestions on how and in what manner the land dealers should manage their business.
He said that as an individual, the ability to serve the people is due to love, the character of Mother Teresa has shown this.
The UDP candidate for (L) HDR Lyngdoh and the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang have been fighting each other for the upcoming elections in Sohiong. other candidates.
“We have removed him from the membership of all the committees,” said Speaker AT Mondal.
As an MLA, he said that he was partly saddened when he thought of the people who are facing difficulties and struggles while living on the Bangladesh border, because if there is any tragic incident to the people.
I will find out from the department and if necessary an inquiry can be appointed to find out the truth,” said Bah Hek.
Shillong, July 13: The State Coordination Committee (Coal Owners, Miners and Dealers Forum) on Tuesday requested the coal owners and traders of the state to attend the meeting. coal on 14th and 15th July, 2014 from the morning.
“If teachers are low paid, do you think they can do their job properly or do other jobs besides teaching to support their families?” said Father. Richard.
Chief Organizer, Mahila Congress and Youth Congress leaders.
“He emphasized the Central Government's commitment to accelerate social development in the North East and also explained the Gross Budget Support (GBS) allocated for the region.
Dawki Road: Election vehicles coming from War Jaintia or Dawki Jowai Road are allowed to enter and park on the road to JHADC. to the Library and Jerusalem Square.
The President of the Mawlai Mawdatbaki Youth Association, Bah Wallam Kharpran, who is also the President of the Mawlai Mawdatbaki Youth Association, said this at a ceremony to honor the players after they won the title. The 9th All India Gold Cup International Football Tournament 2020 was held in Sikkim in July this year.
Only to be pleased in the physical appearance of those who have no soul, no compassion for others, but face for face.
The places where the union has raided the land of foreigners are Silicom, Rymbai Filling Station and MLP 1st Bn.
Harry Sawyer and Ritwik Das scored the two goals to help the team score three points.
The quarter final of the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 was held today at Lawmali Playground, Pasteur Hills, Shillong. 2023.
They said that it was the Striking Lion Division, Trishakti Corps who worked day and night to rescue the tourists.
Besides, the woman said that on the 15th of this month, the robber came back to the shop with a knife and a byrngem byrsieh.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said the Government should work on eight issues for the development of the region namely Peace, Electricity, Tourism, 5G, Culture, traditional farming practices, Sports Activities, and local opportunities.
Grooper Ryntathiang Secretary of the HSPDP Mawthadraishan has announced that Fenela has been expelled from the party. They also admitted that Grosper is not the Secretary of the party, but Rostarlin Kharlait who has taken over the post of Secretary. from the 20th of July.
On receiving information that there are drug traffickers in Guwahati who have smuggled drugs across the state, the team has conducted a raid on the 25th, A team of STF under the supervision of DIG (STF), Assam, Partha Sarathi Mahanta, was involved in the implementation.
Kano can give Kane Your Money.
“Some received the oil in a bottle with the seal removed and others received the oil medicine in a bottle with only half the medicine.
Shared resource utilization by those operating DTH will lead to better utilization of limited satellite resources and this will also reduce overall cost of living.
He said that the real development works came during the tenure of MLAs of the villagers including Bah Snomik Kalwing and Bah Gerson Lyngdoh where there were primary schools and electricity.
According to the programme, on Thursday morning, the TMC MP will meet with church leaders at the Sacred Heart Shrine in Chandmari, Tura.
And on this day, she filed a complaint alleging rape.
Perhaps for the better off it is still too much but for the people who want to enjoy the traditional food without fail they have to spend the whole month's salary,” she said.
Speaking at the briefing, the DC promised that he will create the necessary facilities for such training in relation to the shipbuilding method so that it will be a successful one. He said that he will continue to monitor this project so that it will be fruitful for the youth who wish to train themselves in such a field. that kind of sport.
Roman Catholic Evening School, Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills won the Under-14 Boys category by beating New Nongstoin SS (WKH) 4-3 in the tie breaker.
Banteilang scored another goal for Laitryngew in the 34th minute after heading in a free-kick.
It should not be so, because the District Council is an instrument empowered by the Constitution,” he said.
Nongkyriem Cricket Team beat Matador from Umpling by 14 runs to win the title.
From the household, parents, relatives are like groups of household members.
She urged the government to punish those who take advantage.
I have enough, I have enough children, I have a family, if I don't think of you people I won't contest elections anymore, but I see that you still need my service,” he said. repeat.
The hospital also needs surgeons and equipment inside the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) as at present there is no equipment.
Earlier, they had sent a letter to the PWD (Roads) Department of the State Government to repair this road immediately but the PWD (Roads) Department has not listened to them. again in this time.
This demand will become more intense," he said, adding that this is the only way to meet the demand issue.
In the Meghalaya PRC men's and women's race, the first, second and third place winners received cash prizes of T.30,000, T.15,000, T.10,000 and T.5,000 respectively. and 10 others were killed.
“If it is lawful to breastfeed a child in any place recognized by the government, the child will be breastfed in the river or in the hills,” said the government doctor.
The Dorbar Shnong Rongmesek has been awarding these Hill State Warriors since 2009 and since that year, they have continued to award them until today, every day. it's Meghalaya Day.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, June 13: Although the state government since the time of the MDA-I, has claimed to have spent billions of rupees through FOCUS to help the farmers who have formed known groups Producers Group (PG) In the last MLA elections, the NPP, while campaigning around the country, admitted that it has helped the farmers through this scheme. five thousand tyngka to each farmer from each household.
The farmers' leaders today met Home Minister Rajnath Singh and said that Rajnath Singh has agreed to many of their demands, in the presence of the Minister of State for Home Affairs. Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat.
She also urged the government to call for talks and agreement on this issue to avoid any disturbance of peace and order in the state.
Shillong, November 18: The Cabinet meeting today approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Police Amendment Bill, 2014 for the appointment of a full member of the State Security Commission (SSC).
Be steadfast and disciplined in your walk and stand so that all may be united.
He said that the celebration of Environment Day does not mean only to cut down trees but also not to pollute the environment, to avoid spreading plastic as it is an enemy of the environment.
An FIR has been lodged at Purakhasia Police Check Post by the relatives of the abductees.
Amazon has tied up with about 500 truck drivers in India who deliver on time and safely deliver customers’ items.
This incident has now become an annual incident at the beginning of the rainy season in which thousands of fish have died in this river.
I don't want to be 25 and under 33 years old.
He said that the DHS has already sent a letter to the Government that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is in dire need of skilled personnel who have worked during the outbreak of COVID-1
These applicants who are found to have bad marks will have to pay a fine of T.50,000 each and will have to deposit this money in the State Disaster Management Fund within 30 days.
That day, when she came to the market, she couldn't stand alone; but she also told Mer, one of her neighbors and trusted friends.
“This incident has nothing to do with the allegation of forced conversion but it is the fact that there is a breakdown in peace and order,” he added.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan and the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma also extended their special greetings to the people on this year's Durga Pujamyntha.
This incident happened on Tuesday 11th March 2020, at about 6:30 pm, when the perpetrator of this crime allegedly led and forcibly took the elderly man to the park. stone quarry and do this crime by taking his life.
The investigators will send their report to the SDO, SP and DC of West Jaintia Hill.
He said that at the beginning of the club it was very difficult for him especially in terms of money but with the help of God he was able to continue this good work of the club. The National People's Youth Front (NPLF) 1-Nartiang Constituency has come forward today to support the project, said Sambor Surong.
“We have not yet decided whether or not to allow commercial vehicles to operate in East Khasi Hills District,” said Hek.
Many disagree and oppose the coal mining ban which started in June 2014 because it affects income, but we cannot escape the fact that the coal mining system is not safe.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng Village and was conducted by the Acting Minister of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng Village. the Executive Dorbar and the villagers.
twitter.com/OO0I98jDFK Commercial vehicles carrying passengers will have to strictly follow the rules of COVID-19 appropriate behaviour, and all commercial vehicles from one district to another will be allowed to Those who earn money by what they can afford to carry will only allow those who have been confirmed to have completed both the COVID vaccination.
He said that Rijiju has met with the BSF officers to relocate the troops to the newly purchased area.
After the arrest of the 11 members, the police took them for a medical checkup to check the health of the four members of the new party.
In the women's semi final, West Khasi Hills beat East Khasi Hills 2-0
Revelation 13:12 speaks of a compromise and cooperation between the two wild beasts.
The Dorbar Shnong also honored the Rangbah Dong of Sohtyngab, Bah Heron Thawmuit who has completed 25 years of service as the Rangbah Dong of Sohtyngab along with Bah Mawkordor.
The people have raised their voices that they will continue to oppose if the dorbar is convened by the Assistant Secretary.
The SIT will be headed by Dy. SP Headquarters MPS MPS MJ Marngar and members include BR Marak, OC Women Police SI Kharpran.
Not only that, but the NPP has also strongly criticized the UDP, if it is truly a party of men, it should leave the MDA-2 without delay because they are ready. people are not in the MDA-2 family.
The children are aged 14, 15 and 16 years old.
New Delhi, Jymmang 11: Former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today lined up 130 MLAs before President Pranab Mukherjee to show that he has full powers to form a government. in Bihar.
The buses of the Company run from Mawmluh to Sohra to Mawsmai to transport the employees and school children from time to time.
It was also decided that the payment of salaries in those months should be in accordance with the Code of Wages 2019. If this rule is not followed, the curfew in the offices on working days will be imposed. conduct.
He also explained to the young children that a retreat is a part of a meeting where there are discussions, exchanges of ideas and exchange of ideas.
The Minister of Food, Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon has urged the officers to take action on the use of electronic point-of-sale (e-POS) machines by Fair Price Shops so that all the consumers can receive your share as you deserve.
On the other hand, the coach of Paul Benny said that Paul Benny has shown his skills and determination to do well and work hard since he came to be trained at SAI. one day this young man will be able to appear even in the biggest tournaments in the country.
Speaking to reporters, Minister Marcuise N Marak said, “There are many brands of kyiad in our State and we have to redistribute them to collect more revenue.
The Chairman of the Implementation Committee of 18 West Shillong Constituency has purchased 100 1000 liter Syntex, 100 500 liter, 100 large and 100 small tyrpa with all the money. The purchase price was T.19,80,000 and these items were purchased from Badgliram Radhakrishna shop in Laitumkhrah on 28th July,
The suspects were identified as Shaiborlang Nongsiej and Judonlang Kharbani.
Prestone said that the post of Prime Minister is a responsibility that should not be inside the office especially Dr. Mukul Sangma who holds dozens of departments. “If you don't have dozens of departments, you should have only one or two departments, you don't have to talk to a person just to say that you don't want to contest from the Congress party,” he said. said.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will soon hold the Under-17 Independence Day Cup for children under 17 years old.
Nongpoh: U Minister of PHE, Bah Samlin Malngiang, today inaugurated a Water Supply Scheme at Lumshyiap, Umroi.
According to Bah Ioanis L Iawlar, resident of FKJGP Diengsyiang Area, on the evening of the 26th of this month, Phabiang Kharbani, 50, has shot dead his sister Eusebia Kharbani, 43, who was seriously injured. that thy brother hath caught thy mother's cow.
The girl is from Moolamanoh village and her family members went to the scene on Sunday and found her body three days later.
“We will pay the salaries of the employees, the debt, the expenses of the factory, the bills of the contractors and other needs of MCCL,” he said.
The written examination for Auxiliary Nursing Midwife (ANM) which was scheduled to be held on Tuesday has been suddenly postponed by the DHS (MI) on Tuesday. because of the suspicion of stealing from the DHS (MI) office.
“We will investigate these answers and we will not allow them to be misused,” he said.
The bodies of these children were taken to NEIGRIHMS hospital for post mortem and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Medilin has three children and has received a 2-year-old child from Bestarwell Nongkhlaw.
The party also warns against creating any disturbances.
When asked about the measures taken by the State Government to reduce the shortage of electricity, the Minister said that the State Government in previous years, has already signed social agreements with companies which but for many reasons, these companies have not been able to proceed with the construction of the projects, and the work has come to a standstill.
Dawan Lyngdoh urged the MLA of Baithalangso to maintain peace and order on the border especially in Block I. The incident occurred in Khanduli Lapangap.
The Kuriliya Bridge is a bridge to cross the Myntang River and connect many villages on the border with Assam.
He also explained to PM Kisan, insurance, pension for farmers.
They help the body to absorb nutrients, strengthen the functioning of the body and build muscles.
By Bah Philip Marwein The UDP has received a great blow from the passing away of its leader, Dr. Donkupar Roy, who has held three posts as President, Speaker and Speaker. MLA at the same time.
The incident which happened at 6:45 pm on 29th November 2013 came to light after the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong received a complaint from the Superintendent of Police, Shillong. the next day on this incident.
Nongstoiñ: As part of the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016, the CoHSO today held a tyngshop. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's portrait in the middle of Nongstoin.
Therefore, it is necessary to mention this and I am pleased that it has been raised once again,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
He said that the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has declared heavy rainfall in East Jaintia Hills on July 16 and
Baithalangso MLA Rupsing Teron and other members of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) visited Khanduli village on 30th June to survey the land for the construction of the high school.
I think our honorable MP knows better than that.
The meeting was also attended by the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), the Leader of the Contract Teachers Association. Speaking on the occasion, Louis Dohtdong, President of HNYM, said: They said that the attack on teachers is against their rights and they are shocked to see the violence, but they should not worry because their rights are under Article 32 of the Constitution. Article 19 of the Constitution also states that they have the right to protest.
The Prime Minister, the Chief Secretary, the DGP, the DC and the SP have arrived at the scene to inspect the situation. this workplace.
The union also expressed its concern over the growth of selfish people, who are trying to earn money by selling (black) mobile Simcards, because through these stolen Simcards, which causes many evils. , through these anonymous simcards, which makes it difficult to find out the truth because they are stolen simcards without being able to verify the ownership.
This shows that the party will reach its goal,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
We have to be intelligent so that we can grow in life and our growth will improve the country and the nation.
This is also a source of renewal and restoration of the surrounding environment.
Speaking on the occasion, Agatha said that all these incidents in the area have been seen as the failure of the Prime Minister as the village headman to do anything. “It is time for us to send someone. who has been involved in politics like my father (PA Sangma) in Delhi,” said Agatha.
Ukraine has expressed its anger over Russia's invasion and occupation of Ukraine's rightful territories and therefore said that Ukraine will not make peace until it has done so. recover all territories occupied by Russia since the beginning of the war.
It is believed that the cause of the fire may have been caused by a fire from their kitchen, where only after the woman had finished cooking in the evening, she left the house to go for a walk. They went to their mother's house and it wasn't until they returned from their mother's house that they found that the fire had destroyed their house.
The festival was attended by M. Ram, State Director of KVIC Shillong, OS Suin, MLA of Mawsynram Constituency, A. Malngiang, General Manager of KVIC Shillong. DCIC Office, Gram Panchayat Heads, together with Executive Members of the Lawbah Village Dorbar.
It is said that the woman is poor and the baby is still 2 or 3 months old.
As a small ethnic group in the world, we need many protective measures to ensure that our land, language, culture and customs, dance and way of life are protected. indigenous peoples can be protected, preserved, developed and prolonged in the midst of the turmoil of the world.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 13: Thousands of Catholics from 35 Parishes in the Diocese of Shillong and including parishes in the Diocese of Nongstoiñ and Jowai have attended the ceremony. Lum Tyngkong in Laitumkhrah was filled with people to take part in the Eucharistic Procession.
Speaking at the meeting, Prabhat Dandotiya said the purpose of the meeting with these groups was to ensure a clean and smooth election between the political parties. by strictly following the guidelines and regulations issued by the Election Commission of India in the conduct of activities relating to the election of leaders.
One of Ukraine's military commanders, commenting on the incident, said: "The war has just begun.
However, the SP urged the Dorbar Shnongs or NGOs not to search if they catch drug users or drug traffickers and the search should be conducted in the presence of officers recognized by law.
Furthermore, what has encouraged them is the letter from the Central Government from Anita Karwal, Additional Secretary MHRD, DSE&L, Government of India on August 3, 2017 stating that “who Those teachers of government schools or those who have received assistance from the Government or private schools who do not have the qualifications as stipulated in the RTE Act 2009, will not be able to continue teaching from 1st June,
These insults came to light after members and leaders of KSU South West Khasi Hills District visited, repaired and repaired the damage to these schools on 14/04/2022 under the leadership of Samla Jiedskhem. Nongsiej, General Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District and Samla Evansroy Nongrem, Education Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that he has set up 117 schools in different parts of the state, through the funding from the Asian Development Bank, while the MDA government has not issued utilization certificates to this bank which is one of the banks. There are huge losses in terms of financial support to the state.
“Under the leadership of the Deputy Commissioner, many projects have been inaugurated in East Jaintia Hills District where even Shillong has not been able to receive as many development schemes as East Jaintia Hills District and All this is due to the wisdom of the DC to find ways and means to develop the district,” said Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
Shillong, July 15: The Joint Action Committee (JACBoM) on Tuesday decided to send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi Districts. Hamren District, Assam has requested to protect the Khasi-Pnar residents of Block-I due to the presence of a group dressed in military uniforms and carrying guns against suspected robbers. I'm not a fool.
However, he said that at that time as CEM, he said that it was not the duty of the KHADC to do that, but it was the duty of the Governor to request the VAB from the Home Ministry and send it back to the government. The Council shall report to the Lat on 12 or 18 matters which the Council shall not resolve.
“When there is such an incident, we should help the refugees but with the rules that as soon as peace and order returns, they should go back to their state and not stay here,” he said.
“With respect to you, Bah Bindo, we will meet and greet you in 2018 with great enthusiasm.
The speakers on this occasion expressed their views on the issue that the government should take immediate action on the Reservation Policy so that there will be no discrimination in the Reservation Policy. relating to the employment in the State of Meghalaya.
Besides, there is no need to pay any fees, because all the trainings are free,” said Lamshai.
This nation is also known as a nation where women gain fame and honor, not only in the family and in society.
He said that as the party, they are still seeing only in the media.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The residents of Nongtrai village under the leadership of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have decided to hold a public meeting tomorrow Saturday. Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt Ltd has failed to implement their demand to employ the villagers.
These include EGH: 2, EKH: 78, NGH: 1, RBD: 16, SGH: 1, SWGH: 2, WGH: 12, WJH: 45 and WKH:
Rikermi Phawa scored three goals in the 30th minute, Hailan Shylla in the 69th minute and Request Shylla in the 70th minute.
Speech was delivered by Ma Emerick Dkhar who urged the participants to be united in various areas.
After the thanksgiving ceremony, they gathered once again near the square where the flag of the Khasi Seng was raised by the Sein Raij Chief Ma Khro Shullai.
On the other hand, Bah Erwin has posted a post on his facebook page, praying to the Almighty to give them strength and encouragement to fight for this cause.
The RJTA and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have distributed food items to a woman from Wahiajer village who is facing many problems.
A mother, who gave birth today at Ganesh Das Hospital, has lost her baby, who was just born this evening.
The old pumps which were helped by the coal owners are no longer working, only one pump owned by the coal owner is used.
Shillong, June 07: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan today visited Ganesh Das and Shillong Civil Hospital, Shillong on the occasion of World Health Day.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Comingson Dkhar, Chairman of the Raliang Area Committee.
The protest came after a proposal by the party leaders including the Chief Minister to give ticket to Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
It is the rich and the poor who have started this shiah because their hope is to send their children to school.
Police took the body to Jowai Civil Hospital for post mortem. No signs of suspicion were found and the body was handed over to the family members. The ADM did not conduct a post mortem.
China today said it does not recognize Arunachal Pradesh, but says it is part of South Tibet.
Shillong, July 21 : Meghalaya came close to winning the Senior Women's One Day Trophy but lost by 10 runs to Assam on Saturday in Nagpur.
This is the order issued by the Deputy Secretary of the Education Department, signed on 8th November, 2021, through a memo.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The National Green Tribunal (NG) should blame the Congress-led state government for the ban on coal mining in the state, said Bah Adilbert Nongrum. u MDC of Jaiaw.
Double crown 1/8size (18x24cm), 65 paise, bi-color 55 paise, single color 45 paise per page, cover pages T.5 per page.
On this occasion, the new President of the JYF Central Body, OL Tariang, called upon all the new office bearers and old office bearers to work together in all the fields. side.
“What the Chief Minister is saying in the media is a promise to the people of the state, the question is where are those ALS Ambulances as promised,” he said.
““We want the Government to increase our salaries and we will work here in peace.
