The Waheh Shnong of Tympang Ïawmusiang, Edystone Shylla, said that the ban of the 7-Shnong and KSU War Jaintia Circle to deposit garbage at the garbage dump is a permanent ban.
Mushahary said beef is the most popular meat in the world and Muslims in rural Assam should understand that the sale of beef cannot be banned. you are a cow in India.
Furthermore, the DSO office informed that the qualified children have been selected to provide more special classes program for the children as part of the preparation for the resumption of the programme. The State Level Inster School Athletic Meet will be held at the office of the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs.
Speaking on the 20 cleanliness workers who were honored at the programme, Bah Kharmalki said, “This is part of the recognition of their dedication to their job. .
Banerjee also spoke about the TMC's promises to the people and said the resolution will be announced on October 2 and women will receive Rs 10,000 per month and Rs 12,000 per annum with their children. Unemployed youth will be given 1000 tyngka and 12,000 tyngka per annum after six months of the TMC forming the government.
A complaint has been lodged with the Muktapur Police Station.
Shillong, March 2: Agnes Kharshiing, President of the CSWO, N Rapthap, President of the Khasi Women's Welfare Association (KWWADA) and 15 other women have lodged a complaint with the police. They were arrested on charges of involvement in the riots in Motphran on the 26th of last month.
He said that these MDCs have sent a letter to the party President Dr Donkupar Roy and the party will look into this.
Malang and Salbari villages will be bordered by Assam.
Furthermore, it was said that up to 2,000 children between the ages of 7-15 years have had the opportunity to be trained in this sport in the past five years.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Chief Executive Members (CEMs) of the three ADCs in the state: KHADC, JHADC and Garo Hills. The GHADC held a meeting in Shillong on Monday.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has congratulated the students of both districts for the SSLC and HLSC examinations
The US government, which is in charge of the Department of Defense, intends to introduce fish as its intelligence force to hunt down enemy ships or submarines.
He also congratulated the winners of the Meghalaya Day Excellence Award for their outstanding contribution to the public service.
Israel has occupied the West Bank since the Six-Day War in
Furthermore, the party has demanded that the CEM should take action in this regard.
He said that according to his research, there are no other people around the world who can say that there is such a belief in Menshohnoh or thlen as we Khasi believe.
Assam has been filled with Bangladeshis, who have arrived after that date.
The 21 villages which have been accepted to become Elephant Reserve Forests include Staddakhar, Umwein, Pyndengshahlang, Nongshiliang, Nonglanglieh, Mawmarin, Mawlieh, Risynnam, Mawblong, Nongkain, Nongkain, Nongkhar, Nongpoh, Kusbayn and Nongrong. They were the villages of Nongwamiang, Mawbuit, Dohlieh, and Nongthyrnang.
Along with the PIL lodgement of the residents.
Group C: Chandigarh, Assam, Sikkim, Karnataka, Kerala, Tripura.
The Crotone rescue service said 12 of the 59 people on board were children, including a newborn baby and 33 women.
In a statement, Kharshiing said that the incident was unexpected and sad.
He said that the government should immediately resolve this issue and he will lodge a complaint with the higher authorities and demanded that assistance should be provided to the refugee.
On the other hand, Bah Marbakynsai Marbaniang, MAS, ADA I/C Tea Development Centre, Umsning, gave a detailed explanation on the problems faced by the slasha farmers in Meghalaya.
Many times when our leaders shout these words of peace and stability, the peace and stability of our native land increases.
Shillong: The Mylliem Block Congress Committee (MLA) has strongly condemned the rally and placard in front of the residence of Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, MLA Mylliem Constituency, on 23rd June people who claim to be members of the Voice of the People Party.
On the other hand, the President of HYC War Jaintia Circle, Yoodahunki Shylla urged the state government, the Minister in charge of Disaster Management Department and the District Disaster Management Authority to provide assistance to these villages. problems.
The final match was between Pingwait and Umsohkhlur where Umsohkhlur won the title and received a trophy and three cows while Pingwait won a trophy and two cows. chickens.
He also alleged that most of the current office bearers and leaders of the MBCC are from outside the constituency.
We as vigilant and responsible citizens must take responsibility for the governance of the country and especially in the expenditure of public money which we have the right to mention and pan counting.
“The complaint will be against the entire government led by Mukul Sangma,” he said.
Organizations or individuals who are interested in seeking information through the RTI Act, 2005, are encouraged to request from the government for figures on how much it has spent on their travel abroad. Prime Minister, Ministers, MLAs and officers since 2010 to date.
The district targeted by the militants is home to several government offices as well as the Turkish parliament.
The guests were able to sit in the outdoor area with a spectacular nature on the roof and near the swimming pool.
Many Christians around the world have walked that difficult path and suffered for the sake of the name of Jesus Christ. Let us pray and ask the strength of Jesus Christ the Son of God to strengthen us in those days. the struggles that we may stand firm to serve the Lord haleluia Amen.
In the match between the two players, Sen has improved his style of play by improving the performance of the opponent by completing the entire match in 41 minutes for to jump back into another round of competition in the lympung.
On the day of the meeting, the group received 15 different proposals sent by various departments.
This assistance of T.5 lakh to the relatives of the four victims is equal to the assistance provided by the State Government recently.
“Isn't this a lie of the NPP leaders?” said the North Shillong MLA.
Nothing can be added to it and nothing can be subtracted from it.
“There is no responsibility of the EC to stop the smuggling of coal,” he said.
At the same time, they also expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister for listening carefully to this need of the people.
The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has recently refused to allow the country's athletes to participate in the tournament as they are not in the top five in Asia.
Immediately after the incident, four buses stopped operating and parked their vehicles on the side of the road to Lum Survey and near Rhino, in protest against the incident. he turned to Them Metor.
“The meeting also decided to oppose the MDA Government's inclusion of Khanduli and Psiar within the sectors to resolve the boundary.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has earlier issued a detailed explanation regarding the relocation of 342 households living in Them Metor to the Shillong Municipal Board.
“Not only the department can do it, but we also need the support of the families and the community to implement this tool in Meghalaya,” he said.
However, the AITC has won only 5 seats and the Congress has won only 5 seats and if they work together they will get 10 seats because the VPP which has 4 MLAs has decided not to work with any party.
They also said that near the venue of the festival, there are many churches which will affect the worship of the Christians.
The entrance fee for the spectators is only 30 tyngka.
When inquired from the residents of the area, they said that it is true that the Assam police have not allowed them to work and have threatened the employees and arrested the residents. village if the work continues after they have stopped.
The meeting also decided that the SDDF will follow up on the promise of the Chief Minister on 5th July.
On the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai, President of the party and MLA 19th Shillong South Constituency, sent a Christmas greeting to the group. you celebrate.
“We are together in the same journey and your presence will make the journey less difficult," he added.
The Deputy Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) who left the room to meet with the HNYM leaders did not make any promises but assured them that he will take up the demands. to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) after the party has given only one day, until the 19th of this month, that the District Council should immediately remove the current Acting Chief of Mylliem Hima but otherwise. the union has vowed to take other tougher measures.
Sikkim Nain, from Safa Kheri village, said that there are hundreds of young girls who are still being trained to drive tractors. “It's a memorable event,” said Nain, 38, to take part in the tractor march.
According to the agreement between the Chief Secretaries of Assam and Meghalaya, it has been decided that Assam police and magistrates cannot enter the Meghalaya border without the permission of the DC of the district in Meghalaya.
He created a digital platform called “Emergency electrician” with the help of a teacher of Don Bosco Technical School, Sir Kitboklang Nongpluh, which aims to serve the unemployed. They will receive the first call, first serve.
“We now have only one goal, that is to work hard so that we can win in 2023,” he added.
Ujjwala, now 67, said during the trial that at the time of Rohit's birth, she had talked to Tiwari about having a name. and the clan of her son, but Tiwari rejected her offer.
Nongkrem Iew Sngi: On this day, the Duhulia went to the Syiem and gave to the Rangbah Duhulia a song of sbai called Bai Du-him which means a prayer for the good of the king and the growth of wealth. thousand to get the shait, the knowledge and so on.
What is more surprising in this Resol MP is the defeat of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, UDP candidate even in his own constituency where he is an MLA. Shibun Lyngdoh received 6591 votes which is almost twice as high as Bah Paul who received only
However, he said that this cannot be confirmed because there has been no clear discussion or agreement between Israel and any countries or agencies.
Regarding this, the question from the public is whether the government authorities in charge of food and beverages cannot search and examine the fish to find out if this is the case. It will continue to affect the health of the people especially the poor.
“Turn shaphrang soldier of the country” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The meeting of the Chief Pastors of the KJP today decided to seek clarification from the Assembly on the allegation of self-increase in the salary of Dr DD Tariang, Medical Superintendent (MS) and Bah KT. Rynjah, who is the Administrative Officer (AO) of Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital, Jaiaw.
The Transport of Animals Rules 1978 and the Transport of Animals (Amendments) Rules 2001 & 2009 must be complied with to avoid injury to the animals.
After the post mortem, the body was shifted to the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Shillong for identification and visit by the relatives. don't be afraid to come to this body.
In another incident, Dr RK Himthani, a doctor at Batra Hospital in Delhi and head of the gastroenterology department of the hospital, died today. get the corona virus.
The cost of the construction of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang will increase to T.200 crore from T.141.14 crore earlier.
These foreigners were taken to the party office in Jowai for training.
Speaking on the improvement of Ward's Lake and Ward's Lake Promenade, the Minister said that part of the project will go to the 1.5-2 km stretch opposite Ward's Lake for the construction of shops, shops, ground stalls, parking lots and more.
Police conducting a search operation near Lumshnong Police Station on the NH-6, on Tuesday, expressed their surprise to witness two vehicles coming from the opposite direction, one coming from the area. Khliehriat and one from Umkiang have the same registration number, JK 02 AU
At the same time, the report said that the annual accounts of the ADCs are in arrears for two to seven years.
The Enforcement Police, after finding the shops which fail to provide and verify the documents, have ordered to close down the shops immediately and given within 10 days to these foreigners to come to the office to submit their documents. answer on their inability to provide the documents.
Kolasib district has received the highest number of Manipuris (3,834) followed by Aizawl district (3,765) and Saitual district (2,574).
We have met with the chiefs and other stakeholders and during the meeting we have urged them to cooperate and directed them not to harass our people in their daily lives,” he said. Bah Pyniaid Sing King.
Expressing his confidence to win the election from West Shillong, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “I am ready as the state should be ready because the state has been given the opportunity to win the election. once again, the second time that the state will rise again through the power of the people.
Speeches were delivered by leaders of HYC, HANM, HNYF, MYF, WKSU, WYF and others including the MYM from Mawshynrut.
The meeting also stated that Man City should have a stadium that can accommodate up to 61,000 people for the tournament.
Drug addiction also has its cause.
“The director has told us that he will go to other states of the country which have implemented provincialisation or taken over the teaching post,” said Babu Khongjirem. teachers to discuss in October after receiving detailed information from other states.
Regarding these issues, the union has lodged a petition with the DHS (MI) of Health through the DH&MO Jaintia Hills District Dr. I. Tongper.
There have been 83 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
“We should not only look at the decline of the Congress, we should also look at the decline of the BJP. It is not the failure of any party but the failure of the BJP in Delhi.
Tree planting activities have been conducted in every place or meeting or gathering and when all these activities are completed, it will end up in plastic bags and eating food placed in them. Plastic! Government officials would attend meetings attended by school children, who had to attend without reservation, and ended with applause after each speaker.
In connection with the above, the treatment of beneficiaries cannot be suspended simply because the beneficiary does not have a valid mobile number, or the mobile number provided by them has changed.
Lumdiengjri Police have arrested Alfast Bareh, Chokidar of Mawkhar Presbyterian Church on 5th July 2019 after the elders of Mawkhar Church lodged a complaint against him for the absence of a woman. 3.26 crore.
The purpose of the visit was to market them to increase income by planting Jathynrait for the benefit of the farmers by creating jobs in the field of health care. Director of IBSD Prof. Pulok K. Mukherjee.
On the other hand, the MAA expressed its gratitude and congratulations to coach Pleasantly Synnah and all those who have been involved with the team as assistants.
After the teachers' representatives understood from the discussion in the Council that there will be an increase in the subjects according to the new curriculum, they stood up to argue that if there is no proper preparation on the part of the colleges. such as the recruitment of more teachers, expansion of schools, provision of textbooks as well as support from the state government, the implementation of the new curriculum under the NEP will be successful.
At the same time, he said that other areas also need to be statused in order to bring about faster development projects like Patharkhmah and Lasksein.
In the evening, there are other ceremonies such as the Way of the Cross and other rituals.
Jose Mourinho's Roma have reached the Europa League final after their second leg against Bayern Leverkusen ended in a draw. you don't have to score.
The Principal of North Liberty, Ma B Richard Uriah, encouraged the farmers across the state and especially those in Jaintia Hills to improve the cultivation of rice to feed the state. The All Jaintia Farmers Welfare Union urges all farmers, farmers, owners of Please come forward and work together with the organization to find ways and means to get more assistance because the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India have a real intention to benefit. to the farmers for the survival of the country and future generations.
Shillong: The KSU Leimow Unit has distributed food items to more than 50 households in Mowkaiaw, Mowkhap and Mowtyrshih.
However, this too has not reached anywhere and if they do not believe this, they will hold a protest.
However , the union has found that the foreigner has reopened the shop , and at that time , the shop has been closed down by another foreigner The person who is not a Khasi has admitted that the shop is his own.
On Sunday, 11 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 25 people have recovered and no one has died.
This was witnessed today at the Public Hearing on the Social Audit held at BNRGSK Hall, Block HQ, specifically for the year 2015-1
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 8: The infiltration of Assam government officials in the past months and months, along with the increasing inspections by Assam government officials at Langpih on the border of West Khasi Hills, has caused concern and They have caused a great deal of trouble to the people who live in that area.
The funeral service will be held on the 16th June 2023, at Kynsew, at 2 pm.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said the government will convene an all party meeting to discuss the roster system. The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has called for a special session to discuss the issue.
Satan came to destroy but God came to save.
However, despite the opposition of the people living on the border, the Ribhoi District authorities have been mere spectators because they are not willing to share anything with the district authorities of Assam. development in the border villages while the purpose behind it is to forcibly occupy these villages which fall under the Raid Nongtung.
State Police have arrested a suspect in connection with the IED blast in Them Metor (Them Iew Mawlong) on ​​the night of the 9th of this month.
The IDF found the bodies while entering villages that have been attacked by Hamas since Saturday and recapturing areas on the border with Gaza from Hamas.
Let the celebration when the government announces that the border with the Assam government has been resolved should be by clearing the border of our state and not by issuing a new map. which reduces the boundary of the state.
After the speech of the Prime Minister, journalists asked whether the bill is the same as the ILP, because the government cannot implement the ILP. “There is no talk about the ILP or the Modified ILP – we are talking about another law that can prevent the illegal entry of mynder,” he said. When asked about the name of the bill, Dr. Mukul said the name will be looked at later and let the name be whatever it is but it should be the name of the law. the law against pictures.
MABS’s goal is to further enhance their services to the community.
She said that the Government is trying to eradicate this terrible disease through various schemes and the Nashamukt Bharat Abhiyan is one of the goals that the Government of India has fought as much as possible to eradicate this disease. you are a bad example.
This vision of PM Modi has united us, and we have come together to support each other to reach the goal of a prosperous India,” he said.
He said the purpose of the celebration is to encourage the youth who have reached the age of 18 years to register themselves on the electoral roll.
Similarly, when we look at the New Umtru Hydro Electric Project (NUHEP), the lack of Survey and Investigation (S&I) and other shortcomings at the planning stage has led to the bring about change in planning and construction leading to delay in completion of the project as well as cost and to increased cost to have a successful project.
God wants them all to grow together with wheat and barley.
He said that schools in the rural areas are lyngkrang and it is unfortunate for teachers to work because of the inadequate salary.
The FCO empowers state governments to ensure that these drugs are of good quality and unadulterated.
He explained about the Prime Minister's Jandhan Yojana.
(OIL) and was supported by PCRA, IEX, Bitchem, SM Group and supported by the Meghalaya Renewable Energy Development Agency at the NeDFI Convention Centre, Guwahati, Assam.
Hopefully the new EC in KHADC of the UDA (UDP+NPP+HSPDP+PDF+IND) will expedite the passage of all the pending Bills of the previous ECs so that the nation can grow. Our people will remain in the world, otherwise they will disappear from this earth.
In reply, WJH managed to score only 78 runs after losing all the batsmen in 23.3 overs.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District today issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting illegal mining, smuggling and smuggling of coal in the district.
On September 17, the shopkeeper invited Bruton to his daughter's birthday party.
He also demanded that Bah Dip should explain to the public with witnesses on his allegation (as he said in the video) and if he cannot explain to the public, he should apologize to the Public meeting in North Shillong constituency.
Elizabeth II, the longest-reigning monarch in England's history, has died, paving the way for Charles to become the new King of England, Buckingham Palace said today. in Ri.
The event was also attended by the MLA of Mawryngkneng, Bah Bah.
Receiving a reply from the Prime Minister, Rymbui urged the government to consider setting up a statue in Amlarem to promote the production and marketing of kwai.
He said that what we do now will shape us what we will be like in 10-15 days, and if he as a person in government and society cannot give this to open up the children. then we can expect worse in the future.
Dr Donkupar, who was first elected President of the UDP in 2003, was re-elected to lead the party at its general meeting held in Shillong on Saturday.
He said that the party expects that this land donated by the Raid Marwet and the Hima Mylliem will become a place where we can turn it into a public garbage dump. Solid Waste Management, which is based on modern technology, will not affect the health of the people and the environment. “The Hima Mylliem and the Syiem of Raid Marwet will explain to the people that this garbage dump is needed for the future generations of our children,” he added.
The Seng also urges the government to take action to conduct awareness programs to raise awareness among the people on the values ​​of nature and to avoid forest burning.
If the state government itself can achieve this, it will receive great respect not only from the people who support the government but also from those who criticize or from the opposition groups. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: They left their homes to attend the Youth Synod Service of the KJP Synod Sepngi which was held today at Nonglang Church. Nongspung (West Khasi Hills) about 10 kilometers from Nongstoiñ A truck (ML-06-4474) has overturned at Shidoh Kroh in West Khasi Hills. the village of Nongspung.
The purpose of the state government's campaign is to beautify the road due to the visit of the President of the country.
Dr Balram Bhargava, DG ICMR and Secretary (DHR) was also present at the meeting.
Police have registered a case according to the rules of law and the investigation is ongoing.
“We hope to relocate this TB hospital as soon as possible,” said Bah Hek.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Fisheries, Bah Comingone Ymbon, said that after receiving reports that there has been a ban on the import of fish in Assam and other states, The state government has directed the department to conduct a test on the fish imported into the state to find out the truth.
Shillong, June 28: The statement said that others may take advantage of what they do and work for the teachers but it is only news to mislead the members of AMPSTA and APSTA. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, today inspected the 12 houses built in the city following the order of the High Court.
She said that the Seng Khasi has 317 branches in Khasi and Jaintia Hills but due to lack of funds from the District Council and the state government, it has forced them to suspend their activities as directed by the KHADC. As the District Council is under the 6th Schedule of the Constitution, the Prime Minister has been requested to set up a Regional Tribal Council to provide direct funds to the indigenous religious groups in Meghalaya.
It is on this basis that it will come to power in 2018, and that it will have to do as it has promised.
In another development, Arun Kembhavi, Chairman and Managing Director, MeECL, said that the suspension of power supply has started from 1st June
Thangkhiew was sworn in by Chief Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir in the presence of Justice Sudip Ranjan Sen and Chief Secretary Yeshi Tsering.
Admita Bhattacharjee of St. Mary's College, Shillong won the Inter-College Debate Competition and received a trophy and a cash prize of T.10,0 Anthony's College with a trophy and a cash prize of T.7,000 and the third place went to Pynskhem L. Mawnai of Umshyrpi College with a trophy and a cash prize of T.5,0
The Head of Government on Saturday said that in the first phase, there will be Deputy Commissioners, Superintendents of Police, District Forest Officers and District Councils who will meet once a month. to submit a report to the government on the situation in the border areas.
Shillong, July 29: The Public Action Committee of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya headed by Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh together with its members including Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem visited the The company, which was appointed to do the work, has not completed the work on time and according to their findings, they have found that the company has not completed the work on time. that nothing had been built in that place except the staircase.
“Do you think what is the problem we are facing, whether a young person doesn't need a job, whether he or she has graduated is in a state of shock, anger, I feel that this is a big problem. “We have met in the state and in the North East as a whole,” said Bah RG Lyngdoh.
Then the khonrympha also cried for three nights and three days because he was ashamed to marry the king's daughter.
He said that the VPP was appointed by God, but the others were not appointed by God.
Mumbai: Eight thousand children have tested positive for the corona virus in Ahmednagar, Maharashtra, a sign of awareness of the third wave of the coronavirus in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Ïoanis Ïawlar, Secretary of the union, said that the tower has been damaged for many months.
This was announced by the leaders of the party from Secretary D.Ryngkhlem and Vice President L.Pyrtuh in an interview with the media on the 12th in Jowai. I have received information that in the past few years, there have been farmers who have cut the meat of the cows that have died for a while. They asked how the price of tyrkhong has reached 400/- tyngka per kilo, while the price of im in the market has reached 550/- tyngka.
On the same day, after receiving a tip, officers from the PWD byrnihat sub-division came to the scene to inspect the road.
The tournament started on 27th July 2023 with the participation of five different teams from the North East.
“On the part of the union, we express our regret that we thought that the presence of this factory would help to increase the number of traders in West Khasi Hills to unload goods during the release of coal by NGT. While our local traders are still stopping trading due to the NGT ban, foreigners and the factory are supplying goods illegally,” said the leader.
When the people saw it, they were afraid and ran away from a distance. They said to Moses, “Moses, speak to us, and we will listen. If God speaks to us, we will die.” Exodus 20:18-19.
He said that there is a need for such societies and it should be commended, because not only does it provide employment opportunities to the women, but it will also be one of the ways to maintain the society. the Jain handmade and those who are also the traditional Jain.
Heli Suchiang sold the gun to Welting Niang and police arrested and seized the gun.
He said that to get clarification today, the leaders have convened a meeting of the NPP supporters to take this decision so that the higher leaders can understand.
But now why is the Government worried and worried about protecting it,” he said.
Finally, Ayush Kumar lost his MBBS scholarship due to the opposition of the JSU and the leaders of Thangskai village.
Therefore, we hope that the government will use its wisdom to prevent the 'New Shillong' from becoming the 'Old Shillong' or the 'Smart City'
He also urged the residents of the area to work together with the management of the market, because if there is cooperation from the residents, shopkeepers and the Market Committee, by maintaining the quality of the market, He added that the market can be made one of the most famous markets not only in the district but also in the state.
Many engineers and skilled workers come from all over the State.
Shillong, July 04: The handshake between BJP leader Nalin S Kohli and Congress leaders has intensified.
Speaking to reporters, Claudia said that on the 2nd of July, police received a tip that Alberto Raplang had intended to smuggle 40 boxes of soap containing drugs and Police have raided Viewpoint, but have not found any drugs, but through the mobile phone of Alberto, they have found that he has a close relationship with drug traffickers. he.
When healthy we can work to impact and do many things in life.
It may be recalled that the Meghalaya Citizen Forum (MCF) is an organization of foreigners who have lived in the state for decades and earn their living by selling shops in Khyndai Lad and In Iewduh, they have announced that they will not take part in any protests and especially the curfew to be held today.
What is happening in Meghalaya now and on the border demarcation, besides the State Government there are other departments or authorities which have the authority and the Government cannot ignore the rules.
The HNLC said that similar incidents have happened in the past with the intention of disrupting the progress of peace talks through exploitation groups.
Earlier, the IPFT-IPFT (Tipraha) had held a rally to demand the same issue.
Speaking to media at Congress Bhavan today, he said that the increase in the price of diesel and petrol has affected the poor and the increase in the price of petrol has affected all commodities. It is said that the price of Umphniang bam has now increased excessively.
At 10 pm, you will be held at St. Ferrando's Shelter Home.
Due to the inability to pass through the bridge, goods and vehicles had to return to their places of origin and some of them were stranded in the middle of the road.
The Iadaw Masi Rong is a festival taught by our ancestors after the planting and burial since ancient times.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has not yet decided whether to prosecute or pardon the former General Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLD), Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew.
They demanded that the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) should study the situation in the area and visit the entire area before submitting its report.
To track down the suspects involved in the petrol bomb blast, the Ri Bhoi Police have conducted a thorough investigation to track down the suspects. “This is an illegal activity and the robbers involved in this activity if found will not escape the rules of law,” said the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi.
This means that Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, is the head of gold.
The handover ceremony was attended by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP NKHD, Bah Mathias Mujai Rangbah Shnong, Bah Gabriel Sun, Banroy Wahlang, President Umling Circle and others.
On the issue of sending children to school and part-time schooling, Kong S.Marweiñ Principal of Nonglang Higher Secondary School said that this issue is timely to clarify, because as the She said that these days the part-time dropout rate of children is very high and the part-time dropout rate is very high among the children from Class VI to Class VIII. They drop out of school because of poverty but this reason is unacceptable, because poverty cannot be stopped if children and parents have the will to go to school.
Kong Natalie also urged them to find ways and means how to do jobs that can enrich the country and the nation and should have a goal to honor their village. it is like the village of Mawlynnong.
“The MNF is part of the NDA coalition, but I make it clear that we are not afraid of the NDA and we do not accept all its policies.
On the same day, the logo of the tournament was launched by the President and General Secretary of the Union, Bah Neil Suting in the presence of Bah Nicholas JJ Nongkhlaw, Publicity & Media Secretary and the children. playing.
According to a statement sent by the President of the Centre, Bah Deihok Sumer, the Centre's purpose is to provide literacy training to the illiterate people so that they can learn. rat dyngkhong the ignorance and backwardness in the field of education in the village, the country and the nation as a whole.
No deaths or injuries were reported.
Michael B. Jordan, who will direct Creed III, has spoken about his inspiration for directing after working with Ryan Coogler.
The government should have done something about the underpaid adhoc teachers.
The decision to close the traffic of the people besides this bridge for 9 days will mean that the people who used to pass through this bridge every day will have to use the road again. Shillong Bypass, from Shillong Airport to Umrynjah, Mawsiatkhnam and Mawlai Mawtawar.
UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh today said that the UDP has not yet discussed whom it will support in the presidential election. Meira Kumar, the party will go to listen to her speech.
“Therefore, the Assam government has been directed to issue an affidavit after investigating the allegations to find out whether these allegations of the complainants are true or not.
Due to the continuation of the pandemic and for the safety of the frontline workers, this scheme has been extended for the second time until 24-04-2 up to 180 days for the safety of the frontline health workers who are responsible for providing care to Covid-19 patients.
Each summer, he claims to sleep with 200 women, but there is a season, when he gets the most, it reaches 207 women.
Speaking to media, Conrad said that there are four persons who have already received permission from the central government to mine coal in the state according to the scientific era and now all that remains is to provide them. need.
“We hope other states will follow suit,” he said.
He said that foreigners will not understand and if they come and interfere and fight it will put the state in great danger and it is not known what will happen if these Khasi, Jaintia and Garo villagers do not understand. change the Reservation Policy.
What is the Sahitya Academy still doing?
When asked about the kyiad shops, he said that the Syiem Police have been patrolling the market from time to time and have found that there are still restaurants selling illegal kyiad. He said that if found again, he will be punished, and he said that until now, the Hima and the Royal Police are continuing their work.
XXVIII(28) No. 142 RNI REGD No. 70648/99 Shillong May, Friday 2017 Regn No.NE.851 – The Syiem of Sohra Hima has responded to the complaints of the Hima Sohra.
In this regard, K.Pohshna Advice Union of Waheh Shnong War Jaintia Amlarem appealed to the government authorities to send a letter to the Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil) Amlarem Sub-Division to investigate the matter. Block and to the DRDA West Jaintia Hills to provide immediate assistance in these days as this family is a low income person.
“After I came to meet the prime minister, I held a meeting with my supporters where they decided that I should contest again, but from which party will I contest? sit in my will".
Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui said Emanuel joined the HNLC in 2002 and in 2008 he was arrested and charged under the MPDA Act. He said that during the investigation, Emanuel has confessed to being involved in the bomb blasts at Star Cement and Khliehriat Police Reserve.
“If we want to ban plastic, we can if we want,” said one of the customers in Ïewduh.
The KSU Delhi Unit immediately sought assistance from all over the country and in collaboration with Dr. Raghavendra IPS MLP Delhi and the assistance of SHO Seema Puri; Delhi Police were able to release them and arrange for the case till 4 pm.
According to the Maitshaphrang Movement leader, the existence of Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) has confused the people because there are many laws that are in conflict with the state government. The current CEM has set up the Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FOTD) to look after the welfare of the Jaidbynriew and this has confused the people because the Syiems have already fallen under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. On the issue of the District Council as the protector of the people, Michael said that as of now, the state government has adopted all the District Council Acts because of the existence of Para 12A. These include Primary Schools, Meghalaya Regulation of Land Transfer Act 1972, Meghalaya Succession to Self Acquired Property Act 1984, Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act, Irrgation, Forest.
I would like to explain to those who don't know how our body fights against this disease.
The house of Bianglang Shyrmang and Riphai Siangshai were also damaged in the fire even though they are RCC houses. shops selling fish, cow meat, goat meat and 10 shops selling Khar Bhutia clothes have been destroyed along with expensive clothes.
It is true that the Khasi people should remember Thomas Jones who was the first enlightener and benefactor of the nation.
Jowai, Lber 06: The JSM Lapangap Unit today lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya regarding the problems faced by the residents of Lapangap area under Namdong. C&RD Block where they encountered the collection of taxes by the Assam Police while passing through the Tahpat-Lapangap-Khanduli road.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 30: Three organizations including HANM, WKSU, UHM, MYF and WYF have given 10 days to the government to explain the relocation of equipment from the Maternity Child Hospital Nongstoiñ. On the second day, they wrote to the DC Nongstoiñ and also to the office of the DMHO, that they should take action and do something to explain why the equipment has been taken away. Nongstoiñ MCH to Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat.
During the inspection, the officials revealed that several houses have been badly damaged due to the cold weather in the Moran Revenue Circle.
In another match, Shekinah Academy beat Jaguars by 51 to 29 points.
In Tura, the contest will be between Congress candidate Daryl William Cherran Momin and Purno Agitok Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP).
In addition, 14 posts of Judicial Officers will be appointed by the government including Chief Judicial Magistrates, District and Session Judges, Judicial Magistrates First Class and Civil Judges (Junior Division) in all districts.
“To talk about the border between Meghalaya and Assam, I would like to inform the public that there are elders like Fridonlin Marweiñ, who have the right documents.
Shillong: The 27th June 2023 will be the first day of polling for the people of Meghalaya and the counting of votes will be held on the 2nd October
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the free of cost shana under the PMGKAY Scheme has been released for the months of July and August. Nailar), 2020 in East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat.
Meghalaya is a state created for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people and they are a minority ethnic group represented by only 2 (two) MPs in Parliament ( one from Shillong and one from Tura Parliamentary Constituency) and thus, they will not be able to create anything in Deihi.
During the inspection on the 2nd June, 2022 at 7.20 pm we found that some players had broken the locked doors of the unused toilets,” said Bah John F Kharshiing.
Four complaints have been lodged during the elections and Rs 10.93 crore has been seized since the implementation of the model code of conduct.
Today, the Dorbar Shnong has held a memorial service for these two men by holding a curfew until 2 pm besides a meeting and a wreath laying ceremony.
"Therefore, in the above article, how interesting is the explanation of the meaning of the word MA-RIANG. Furthermore, around the border of Mariang, we see MEIRILUNG, which are small areas like sanngam, lngen. , the lnger, the lahah, the lhung, the wells of water.
She said that with the implementation of this number, the Government of India will no longer need to know the name of a person but what is needed is only the number which can be used as they wish. bor who painted this.
The Syiem and the Secretary were summoned to appear before the Nongspung Hima on the issuance of NoC to Assam for the construction of roads in the border area with Assam.
He said that with the availability of CCTV cameras, drug users are now more likely to come to these villages and hopefully this will help Wahthapbroo village, he said.
John 12:12-18.
Another issue is the demand for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
The Jews bought land and began to move back to Palestine, the land they had lost some 2,000 years earlier.
In my opinion, the government should have ordered the closure of schools in the rural areas, because this disease has reached even the rural areas.
This was also changed in agreement with the family members of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh who is also a former MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency in the past years and who is also the owner of Mawlangwir. , South West Khasi Hills District.
From 1999 when Graham Staines and his children were burned alive to the death of Father Stan who was tortured and died in prison without trial in
“We are in danger because Meghalaya now has 85% of the share of the ethnic minorities, of which 80% has been allocated to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, while 5% has been allocated to others. paid the nation.
There is no hand in the government.
The mix chana has been established for six years and has 7 male and 10 female employees.
Jowai: Two Sengbhalang leaders in Jaintia Hills together with their friends have been arrested for allegedly robbing Supari from two pick ups worth 4 lakh 80 thousand tyngka. While the owner was planning to transport them from Tarangblang to Umkiang, they are still missing and police are still searching for them.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Laitkroh MDC Carmel Sohtun on Tuesday sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit S Mooshahary, to reject the Khasi Hills Constituency Bill. Autonomous Districts (Constitution of District Council) (Amendment) Rules, 2013.
I would like to thank Bah Alexander L.Hek for his willingness to help us.
Mawkyrwat, November 14: The Secretary of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) on Tuesday announced the invitation of applications for the 9th Film Competition. The deadline for receipt of applications is on or before 30th November, 2023 and entries should be sent online to nhrcshortfilm@gmail.com using the Google Drive folder. .
On Tuesday, one more person died, bringing the total number of deaths in Assam to
Now that writing is no longer an urgent job, last month, it was announced that writing is also an urgent job.
Besides the competitions and discussions, there will also be a public dance, skits, dancing and a public exhibition of paintings inside the College grounds.
Bahunlang Mawrie of Auxilium Girls' Higher School, Shillong and Vijay Adhikari of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second and third with 450 and 436 marks respectively.
However, the Hima Mylliem and KHADC did not agree.
He said that the RTI will expose corruption and the Lokayukta will punish corruption in the state.
In 2016, the Government of Nepal signed a loan of USD 215 million from China, from China. Because China has also taken responsibility to implement some projects within the BRI in Nepal, so the two countries have not. Whether the BRI project will be implemented through funds or partnerships.
God warns the church that they are still fighting against Jezebel ! which works the secret devices of Satan within those churches.
The union invites all cooks cum helpers in schools in Meghalaya through the PM POSHAN (MDM) to take part in the PEACEFUL HUNGER STRIKE. The tournament will be held on the 31st June 2022 from 09am to 05pm at Nongthymmai Sports Club, Shillong.
It was also observed that the leadership position is easy to benefit oneself and then one's relatives.
The State Government will be requested not to provide land for the project as the existing shlem working site has been overcrowded and caused a lot of trouble.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr. Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that if the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) is delayed, it will affect the students. in the state.
She also recalled that Jaintia Hills with one voice has honored Bah Peter G Marbaniang (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) who is her father and she is filled with joy that she has received the title. the opportunity to contest the MP election and follow in the footsteps led by her father.
The final match of the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament will be played on the 13th of April between Salaroh and Mukhla.
In the Hill State, the party has won 2 MPs, 36 MLAs and 59 MDCs including the former.
The lack of work of the police has led to the brave robbers who commit such crimes.
He is the Lord of heaven and earth and these things are what God the Father has given him, the Authority over all powers, until Jesus hands over the Kingdom to God the Father. , until he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power" 1 Corinthians 15:24-2
“For my part, I will continue to have strong confidence in the Constitution of India and its institutions,” said Bah Nongrum in a statement.
Orendro Kharjahrin, author of the book “Ka Shnong Sakwang”, said that despite many difficulties in writing, but with hard work and perseverance he has been able to translate it should be used in a way that should reflect the events of the past which are great lessons for this present generation.
He said the party had discussed earlier before the 2014 MDC elections not to give tickets to those MLAs to contest MDC elections but at that time the law allowed.
“We have set a deadline for these to be completed before
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The spread of the news that the price of milk will rise has caused a lot of trouble for the grocery stores selling milk in Iewduh.
The Chief Minister announced the allocation of T.550 crore for the provision of electricity in the border villages of Arunachal Pradesh.
Our race does not end only in this world, but until the Mother of God at the door of God.
Because many of the branches of the river come from these villages and if the people cooperate, the exploiters will not be able to kill.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, Nongpoh Police Station, said that the Nongpoh Police Station has received a complaint from the family members of the deceased. Police have launched an investigation into the incident. Police have conducted a thorough investigation at the scene of the incident.
?" asked Riia.
I don't know.
This is part of the tribute to one of the prominent political leaders and former Chief Minister, Bah EK Mawlong (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei) for his contribution to the region.
The legend says that only married bsein receive it and female bsein wear it at the end of their necks.
You don't need any training.
The Lamphang said that most of the time the society ignores and avoids those patients who have contracted the disease but he said that it should not be so to have differences but to move forward to educate the public. and should be removed from such prejudices.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns the CEM's stubbornness as he has often refused to talk to his fellow political parties who want to talk about many issues.
Tiwari scored 30 runs from 23 balls with two fours and a six, while Ingty scored 29 runs from 13 balls. and he struck three fours and two sixes.
The flag of the country shall not be misused in any way.
Even the students of NEHU support the decision of the JAC to strike indefinitely.
“It's not my father who opened the gate,” said the youngest son.
Each battalion will have 1,200 commandos and thus, there will be about 4,000 commandos in the area.
After the meeting, Bah Banteidor inspected the under construction bar near the tourist spot and the ongoing construction of the Nongjrong Sub-Centre.
Shillong: Meghalaya athletes have won the trophies of the United Amateur Muay Thai Championship 2018 held at Pathare Stadium, Pune Maharashtra on the 18th of this month. children and adults.
He said that KAS has already sent a letter and the necessary documents to the incumbent MP Bah Vincent H Pala to take the necessary action to bring this issue to Parliament.
Then, as it were, Mary and Joseph would never forget the suffering they had endured while living under the powerful rule of the Roman Caesars.
The meeting was a success although the Vice Chancellor did not show the letter of resignation to Prasad.
Foreign tourist vehicles should stop and accommodate foreign tourists only inside the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) so that the state residents can earn money by taking back. They are the ones who take them to the venues in the state.
Tympew leaves can also prevent tooth decay, due to the lack of acids caused by salivary glands.
Many of the drugs and supplies are provided free of charge to poor patients, but some of the more expensive items patients need to purchase.
The death toll has risen to
Shillong: The lack of signage on the transformers in different villages under the jurisdiction of MePDCL Sohiong Sub-Division, which could lead to a tragic incident, as part of the concern of the MePDCL Sohiong Sub-Division, The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle today led a letter to the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer of MePDCL, Sohiong Sub-Division. .
“Therefore, the government has the right to take the land and let the land they bought from the Syiem of Mylliem go to them,” said Bah Paul.
At this information meeting, many speeches were delivered by experts; We are Dr. KD Ramsiej, Principal Shillong College, Sr.
Her body was found hanging from the beam of the building.
At the same time, the Seng has demanded that the District authorities should look into and send patrols on this road, to arrest the illegal cow traders, so that the people who farm in the area will not be afraid of lumpy skin disease to spread in the area.
Earlier in the 50 overs, New Zealand scored 241/8 while England scored 241/10 and the Super Over was forced.
“You can ask the government and the PWD Building department for this because the Assembly Secretariat has no role in overseeing the construction of the dorbar hall,” said Bah Metbah.
Therefore, regarding the presence of such foreigners, the union strongly warns all those who employ foreigners to stop especially at such times. The Khasi brothers and sisters first especially the jobs that the Khasi brothers and sisters are still able to do and if the party finds out, it will not allow it and will take strong action.
The British government has invited Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman to London for a visit as usual and this could take place in April or November next year. three of us.
In the Khasi language, it can be said that it is the POR THNEM, like the market of the market.
This rule also includes the Khasi-Jaintia, Garo and Other Schedule Tribes (OST).
He attended Shillong Government High School and graduated from St. Edmund's College in
Therefore, keeping in mind that the project has not been completed yet because the Indoor Stadium remains, we do not agree to invite the Ministers from the Central Government.
Medical scientists have not yet developed a cure for those who have contracted the disease.
Regarding his statement that if the tax collection gate at Khanduli remains in Khanduli, it will happen like it happened in Mukroh, Bah Sungoh said that his statement is because of the From time to time, they have met and submitted petitions to the higher authorities, but until now no one has taken action.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday opened its office in Mawsynram constituency to strengthen the party. The party office was also opened at Pyndensohsaw.
Don't worry anymore because you don't have a job.
Shillong, Lber 24: South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma today lodged a complaint in the House against the writing of Patricia Mukhim on her speech in the House on the issue of lack of education. New Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 04: Two months have passed since the outbreak of violence and bloodshed in Manipur, on 3rd June 2023, many precious lives have been lost and tens of thousands five of them were killed.
The letter of complaint also states that not only the Dorbar Raid Bhoilasa and the Committee, but also the Kur Lyngdoh have opposed this because the Lyngdoh has been elected from a Kur which is not entitled to receive the vote. He was appointed Lyngdoh in the Raid Bhoilasa.
Interns and volunteers who wish to be part of the exchange are welcome.
Bung said that the news that the UDP Ranikor has demanded the post of Minister is not true but if there is a chance, it should not be rejected.
The President of the Seng, Kong Patricia Riahtam, while talking to reporters, said that this march will be part of the demand from the government to listen to what they have been demanding since 2018 and also requested all those employers to give unpaid leave to their employees on the 16th July so that the employees can take part in their march.
“However, my Government will ensure that all the decisions taken will put the welfare of the students first,” he said.
His wife Sweety Jane Pala has assets worth T.36,41,223 and T.27,5000 in cash.
This scheme has helped in the monitoring of these foreign workers as these people have had to stay at home,” said Ranjan.
And in the name of Jesus they shall be healed.
“Are you late?” asked the father and greeted him.
“We are awaiting the post mortem report and after receiving it, we will know whether she was killed,” said a police source.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Three residents of Khliehtyrshi, Jowai Doloiship, have been appointed as the FAO Officer of JHADC. An FIR has been lodged against the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Bah Madonbai Rymbai, and three others on charges of registering the land of the village and stealing the money of the village up to T .1,15,05947.60 which is the fee for the land from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills.
The prize money for the winners will be Rs.1,80,000/- (one lakh fifty thousand) and the prize money will be Rs.1,000/- per duet.
," he said.
“If we want to bring about change, let us act immediately by looking at all aspects and come forward with proper policies and plans,” said the CM in reply in the House.
“We should reduce our compassion, but we must increase our compassion because if we are compassionate without being merciful, it is useless.
He urged the volunteers to be vigilant at all times and to take good care of the equipment they have received, including life jackets, emergency lights, tyllai, knives, equipment. first aid, but, musari, pla and others.
God promised the Israelites that if they obeyed and accepted God's laws, God would make them “the head, and not the tail; Deuteronomy 28:13.
Know that the ancients left behind many signs and symbols that serve as guides and explanations for our future.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that if we can produce our own meat for the needs of the state, it will be another way to help raise the money so that it will not go abroad. the state.
In the Archery category, the final of the Meghalaya Games will be held on the 20th July 2024 at Montfort Centre, Tura. .
“We will see after the 2nd how much we get and how we are and where we are and what decision we will take will be after the 2nd when we know how many seats we will win,” said Bah. Burning.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today appointed Bindo M Lanong as the interim chairman of the party. The new president will be elected at the General Council meeting on 11th November.
The cleaning started at 10 pm, when the residents and shopkeepers came out to clean up Iawmusiang from the road, shops and market places.
Meanwhile, the National People's Party (NPP) has strongly condemned the IED blast in Williamnagar market.
On the same day, MACS also honored various government departments, doctors of the health department, NGOs who have been involved since the beginning of the Health Campaign.
Acts 7:46-4
"In this age, wars will be fought by nations, one country will fight against another.
The protest started after the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, announced that the government cannot accept the demand of the ASHAs to increase their salary from 2000 tyngka.
Inside his soul he thought about his future.
The struggle of the Jaidbynriew to include the Khasi Language in the 8th Schedule is very important but its need is more than one need because this is the need to enrich the Khasi language. Community.
Shillong, November 11: After the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Shillong, the BJP will launch a massive campaign in the state to prepare for the 2018 MLA elections.
Patriotism is not just a matter of culture.
The strengthening of agriculture will help us to feed ourselves as a nation if there is a shortage of food or less production of agricultural products in the future from other states which produce agricultural products to feed the population. It will also be an opportunity for the young people who have learned to turn to agriculture as a source of income by using the knowledge according to the modern science in the field of agriculture. to produce more crops.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing.
We shall find that the light-bearers, the light-bearers, have fallen into the darkness.
Ladthadlaboh's last match in the group stage was an unexpected one as Ladthadlaboh lost 5-0 to Niaw Wasa United in Group B of the Meghalaya tournament. State League which was held today 29th June
The cause of the fire is suspected to have been caused by the burning of Mombati by the children in one of the two houses.
“I have given them three days to respond,” said Dr Borthakur.
Fifty years ago we cannot forget that on this day 16th June was a memorable day, a day when a dark cloud of sorrow came upon the family, the children of Raij Jwai as well as inside the country. Waheh Kambell Chullai has passed away in the midst of the demands of the times to see more and more talents and knowledge which are blessings and benefits to the society.
On the demand to stop the auction of coal mined by the government by some lawyers, the Court said that if the Central Government accepts the request of the State Government to release the MMD Act within 10 months means that coal mining can resume and the demand for transportation of coal that has been mined and stored has ended.
"I was afraid that you would kill me, but I'm glad you buried me," replied Hiram. "I don't know if it's your will or the place. to you,” said Hiram.
Shillong: The chowkidar of Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, Bah Alfast Bareh, has been arrested on Saturday for allegedly misusing church funds. The Chief Judicial Magistrate has remanded him in police custody for five days, according to the order of the Chief Judicial Magistrate.
However, the era of literacy is not enough in this age of technology but technical and professional skills are needed to develop man.
Besides the charges against the four land owners, of robbing their land at Pillangkata, they were also charged with being involved in the robbery. or to return to the land in Abri, Killing.
We will not accept newcomers,” he said.
He said that the Intermediate Road from Lad Mawreng to Weiloi which is in Phase-I should be completed and the contractors have been called.
He said that the gate was illegally built by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council and the presence of the Assam Forest has worsened the situation where the farmers have been robbed of their crops.
The Meghalaya Calendar 2023 has not yet been completed.
Prakash said that most of those who have settled in the village are Muslims.
The reason why Netflix has taken the initiative to launch more OTTs from the country is because they have enough stories and at the same time young people are attracted to films or The drama was produced in South Korea.
There were signs of being shot with weapons on the body.
A 9mm pistol was also recovered from the scene and it was reported that the shooters came in a car and fled the scene immediately after the incident.
There are about 100 teachers who have been arrested and have nothing to do with the incident, but the CBI has not yet confirmed and has not agreed to remove these names from the list. to escape investigation or to take over their teaching job.
"It is reported that Wenger will announce this through a press conference in November, which will follow the preparations for his visit to India in the second month of April," Chaubey said. .
Alternative Dispute Resolution is dialogue, consultation, reconciliation and reconciliation.
The meeting was attended by MSPCB, Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Bah G. Warjri and several owners. villages who supported this Public Hearing.
The 6-Aside Football Tournament organized by the Lion Sports and Youth Affairs (LSAYA) started at Biar Stadium on Saturday.
Therefore, the Union requests the relevant authorities to take action and ensure that these two demands; The Village Administration Bill and MUDA should be resolved as soon as possible for the benefit of the people.
Otherwise, the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam cannot be resolved without a thorough examination of what our ancestors have left behind because it is a history passed down from generation to generation since those times. If not, this border disease will not stop and tragic incidents will continue to happen to our people.
The Minister said that the tourists who stay after the festival are considered as high value tourists.
Recalling the work done in Parliament during the Covid-19 pandemic, the Speaker said that Parliament has given good news to the people of the country and that this has strengthen the sense of satisfaction when tasks were accomplished during this pandemic.
Treiborlang R Suchen said that many youths have lost hope of getting jobs in this age and this action of GVK has destroyed hope for the youths to find jobs in this age. lead young people away from the wrong path in their lives.
In chasing this small target, Tura bowlers managed to score in 10.1 overs for the loss of four wickets.
Speeches were also delivered by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, Dr.C.Lyngdoh and others who attended the meeting from the senior officers and village leaders of the area. .
Ms Niawki said that this award is a victory for the school, Lummynso resident and parents and students because with the cooperation of the school they have been able to plant a tree in the grounds of the school. other.
Besides the GNLA, he said that other rebel groups that commit terrorist acts should be brought to justice. “During my three-four-day visit, I will hold a meeting with all the SPs. to listen to the situation in the area,” he said.
Other players also performed well and many of them fell into the top ten list of the national rating.
The two parties doubted whether the inspection was just to complete the procedure, said a statement from the two parties.
There are not only 50 farmers because almost all of them have their own land, unlike the neighboring village of Moodop.
The program also included a tribute to the founders of the founders such as (L) Dilip Wahlang, Cornelius Wahlang, Nishan Wahlang who passed away and Roland W. Wahlang who is still alive. the soul of the Seng Kur.
M/s Green Valleyy Industries Ltd. has decided to expand its factory and also the quarrying by M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd at Brishyrnot village, which is near the Eco-Sensitive Zone and Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary, Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills. wild animals, birds and animals in the forest and it will also affect the forests.
Explaining on the return of the students from China, Conrad K Sangma said that all the 74 students are in good health after the government has examined them. good for them.
The Man of the Match was awarded to Gamelial Lyngngoh of Nongkrem who scored three goals for the team. Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) will play in the quarter final of the tournament and the next match will be on the 17th of this month between Mawlai SC and Laban SC. Shillong: U Marshall Biam, Ladrymbai (EJH) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Inspector General of Police (E/R), Shillong, that on the 6th of this month, he was summoned by Graham Lyngdoh. He said he attended the meeting as chairman of the NEIPF at 11:30 pm.
Like the school children, only those who attend St. Anthony's School go there, the students who attend the Synod go there.
You see the food but they don't give it to buy.
Metbah Lyngdoh is likely to be re-elected as President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for a three-year term in the elections next month.
Those who attended the ceremony included Mr. Sunil Aggarwal, Regional Sales Director, Dalmia Cement.
One of the women was able to pay a large amount of money from the pla of the robber who is her brother and tried to stab the policeman, but other policemen quickly saw this. They took the knife from the hand of the woman.
On the other hand, the DC of WJH expects that these employers and householders will work together to help each other at this time when India along with other countries around the world are suffering. The virus has spread from China to the world in which millions have been infected and more than 65,000 have died.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. War urged the nurses to make the CNE one of the priority tasks so that they can help train themselves and provide assistance. which is better for patients.
The leaders of Ïatylli lang shipara, said that if the government only encourages the villagers to set up schools, they said that the SSA is a mission with the aim of destroying the schools. you don't have a faithful mind.
Perhaps, the sunset disaster that has brought many sorrows may be due to our lack of fear of the Creator, the lack of that knowledge, understanding, and compassion for others, the torture of human souls in many ways, rebellion against the will of the Lord and others which are that as human beings we have to suffer.
One of the issues affecting families is the decline in the service of God, but the increase in the pursuit of worldly wealth, worldly glory and worldly power.
Kartikeya Misra, informed and explained that the aim and purpose of this program is to educate the public about various government schemes and the benefits through those schemes, which are implemented by the Government. India for the citizens and to ensure that the schemes reach the eligible beneficiaries.
“These are only a few things that the children of this age should know and understand and if they don't surprise people before it's too late, the time will come when they won't change forever.
He died at 8:15 pm today at the Max Super Specialty Hospital in Shalimarbagh, Delhi.
For a while we didn't know that we were too happy, but we understood that there was someone from the village who gave them a Christmas song, or tip.
Metbah said that the decision to take a decision should be taken in a peaceful manner, as this issue is very sensitive and needs to be discussed in detail. , for the benefit of all the communities in the state.
Have they turned to the BJP because they have to fulfill their duties? How will India be? We don't know yet, because all the political parties have not even announced their candidates.
This puts the people in darkness.
“In this election, let us discuss how to solve the problem of teachers, the lack of salaries of District Council employees, how to ensure that vacant government posts are filled, how to maintain peace and order, how to address the border issues, how to create more jobs in the private sector so that the youth can become employed.
Jesus said, “When ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors” (Matthew 24:33).
Nongpoh, March 04 : Daniel Damlong of Ground and Pound MMA Gym, Ri-Bhoi has won a gold medal in the National Championships. The MMA Championship 2022 will be held from 30th November to 2nd March in Hyderabad, Telangana.
The meeting was attended by the President of the Union, Bah Riki Diengdoh, Bah Robin Kharnari Treasurer, Bah Dip Phukan Vice President, Kong Papuri Phukan (members) along with the family members of the players. .
“The party has surrendered from the bottom of its heart, it cannot be said, its popularity was there at that time,” said Bah Pangniang.
Finally, he said that according to the Rangbah Shnong, if these 25 persons are re-appointed, it means that any Sengbhalang group will be able to collect the donation from the Sengbhalang. this is the toll plaza.
According to him, farmers now have to buy urea at 1400 tyngka per barrel instead of 250-280 tyngka per barrel according to the subsidy price issued by the Chemical and Fertilizer Ministry. .
At the same time, she said that bringing back the youth who have been misled to the right path is not only the responsibility of the police.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Home Department, said that one of the problems facing Meghalaya is the shortage of Police personnel of about 3000-4000 personnel.
When asked, he said, “These two children – Wanboklang Kurbah and Phibankyntiew Sunn who are in class XI, are friendly, obedient children and supportive children. and which contribute positively to the needs of the school.
Adelbert Nongrum, VPP MLA from North Shillong, has alleged that the call for police recruitment by the Central Recruitment Board is illegal and does not go according to the office memorandum for
The district authorities have already informed that the decision to implement the Odd and Even is based on the order of the Meghalaya High Court to curb traffic jam in Shillong.
The State Executive Committee has also urged the MLAs to ensure the recruitment of TA/DAs and the meeting fees as members of each Assembly Committee according to the rules and regulations. He also said that any improvements or maintenance of MLA hostels provided to all MLAs should be appropriate and grounded.
Nongpoh: U Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday sent a petition to Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, regarding the deterioration of the road from Umling to Umrit Patharkhmah. The Minister of PWD, to urge the State Government and especially the Minister to take action to improve and upgrade this road, which is also the most important road of the people. people living in Ri Bhoi West.
Banerjee has strongly criticized the NPP-led MDA government for the lack of governance in the state and also accused the BJP of being biased against the states in the North East. and asked why Meghalaya was run from Guwahati and Delhi.
These farmers are registered under the Participative Guarantee Scheme and the purpose of the Farmer's Market is to encourage farmers to farm without using chemical fertilizers but with homemade fertilizers. or with natural fertilizers including cow's milk, goat's milk, goat's milk.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, today said that the target is to complete the construction of the new Legislative Assembly building within this year. The completion of the new Legislative Assembly building in Mawdiangdiang has increased to Rs 200 crore.
These varieties should be recognized separately within the district.
Dr. Mukul appealed for the cooperation of the people in many areas saying that benefits and development works come only if there is peace and if there is responsibility.
The suspects were identified as Debostar Kharhujoon (23) of Umyiap, Daniel Myrthong (34) of Nondien, Nicholas Khardewsaw (22) of Nongkseh and Sterius Sohbar of Shahlang.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is the Chairman of the Committee, said that it has been decided that the demarcation will be conducted first only for Block II and Deshdommreah.
However, they don't know the great men of Ri Lyngngam like Ramut, Chikrot, Tongsoh, Khonrympha.
The reason is that they can no longer distinguish between good and evil.
The Special Team, after receiving information about the smuggling through the district, conducted a search operation at Phramer.
Griezmann completed his medical examination on Sunday and the club will announce today that he will become a full-time player.
I thought that in Christianity it is the same that people no longer follow the teachings of Jesus as mankind grows.
And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto the children of Israel.
We brought in a team of experts and have been strategizing since June 2020.
Of these, 22,80,566 lakh have recovered, 56,706 have died and 912 have died in the past 24 hours.
Umphrup SC have qualified for the semi final of the 2023 Invitation Football Tournament by beating Maitshaphrang Football Club.
“I am saying this from my own experience, because as the Principal of Ri Bhoi College, I have experienced many students, who have faced many problems while they were in the middle of their studies and that has happened, “It's just because the mother and father are in trouble and there are times when they stay on their own, but in the end, all the problems are faced by the children who don't know anything,” said Bah SR Bamon. .
To mark the 10th Anniversary of the party, the cake was cut by Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC of the area who was the chief guest.
The mobile phone used was found, but the vehicle and wheelchair used were not found.
“DK Shivakumar and Siddaramaiah have demanded that the PFI should be banned, but the Chief Minister Basavaraj Bommai has not done anything.
In West Garo Hills, 3 cases have been reported, 6 cases in East Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
In the same way between God and Jerusalem.
The CHC has been operating for many years without an ambulance so the people who come for treatment have to come by vehicles and commercial vehicles.
According to Kong Syiem, many of our farmers have not received the money that is transferred directly to their bank accounts.
This is what happened to Babthuh.
Speaking on the performance of his Government, “We are far behind 25-26 among other States in the implementation of MGNREGS, but in the last five years, we have become one of the top States. duh in the process.
The purpose of the FKJGP Sawsymper Circle is to take this opportunity to hold such a tournament to raise funds to provide special assistance to the needy families.
The youth is currently in police custody.
Who doesn't know, who doesn't know who has lost these money that has been deposited or given to Thlen?.
Dr. Lapang gave an example of how Mary, who was a woman and the mother of Jesus, was with Jesus from birth until he ascended the cross, to ensure that that the message of salvation may prevail.
The T.100 per day fee will be implemented by the end of this month.
As of 28th June 2021, there are 1,475 confirmed cases in Meghalaya and 2 deaths have been reported. and East Khasi Hills.
Because of the poverty in the past two years, many people who used to live in poverty and who worked in their various jobs are now unable to hold star and go to the market to earn money by carrying Daju just wants to live.
Shortly after, the electricity was cut off, but no casualties were reported.
Nongpoh, Naitung 29: The Khasi Student Union, Nongpoh Circle has decided to hold a march in Nongpoh to protest against the increasing power outages in the Nongpoh area. and in Ri Bhoi District as a whole.
“If it is under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, we request that these tins should be removed and only Flex Advertisements should be posted to avoid any injury to the people,” said the families. message.
About 29 out of the 30 MRs are rich and Andhra Pradesh MR Jagan Mohan Reddy has topped the list of richest MRs with a net worth of T. crore.
Shillong, November 15: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawkyrwat Circle recently held its Executive Committee (EC) and found that the UDP in Mawkyrwat Circle is still strong and strong. It was also decided to strengthen the party.
Since 2016, Adhoc teachers have received a monthly salary of T.12,000 in Lower Primary, T.16,000 in Upper Primary, T.20,000 in Secondary and T.254,000 in Higher Secondary.
According to the statement, the union is still new and is currently undergoing registration with the society in the state.
I am confident that after the implementation of this scheme, we hope that the pumps will not fail anymore,” said the Co Chairman.
The incident happened at Chapadanga village in Kranti block on Friday when a man took a mortar shell from the river and take it home for selling junk and try to break it, at which point it suddenly explodes and takes the lives of two and injures four others.
He speaks parables, visions and dreams and through them he gives comfort, encouragement, hope and encouragement to people.
“Even the new division of borders is for political reasons,” he said.
“These protections against any incident will continue until the teams reach an agreement to bring about peace as there is still a fight,” said SP Shillong. The first round of the Ranji Trophy started at the Polo Cricket Ground, Shillong today.
At this meeting, the date, place and time of the survey was agreed upon.
Shakira has recently released a song called Copa Vacia with Manuel Turizo and it is believed that the lyrics of the song are her own. Pique and the reason for his divorce from Shakira and one of the lyrics she wrote in the song shows that Pique did not satisfy his wife, Shakira.
Shillong: The Maharam Syiemship and Mawlot Kurs of South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a ceremony to clear the boundary of Ri Khaiñ Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien. and Ri Khaiñ Lyngdoh Mawlot with the understanding of all the parties.
This is the honor of Trekirot Yei.
The Ksing and Dhah have spread all over Nartiang especially in those villages which hold the traditional religion.
He said the government has already set up 300 beds at IIM old campus, 100 beds at Mati and 100 beds at IFDT, of which half of them have oxygen. concentrators.
“We look forward to welcoming Arsène Wenger to India for this huge project.
After a while, the soldiers came to attack and forced these workers to enter.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that during the middle of the struggle for independence of the country, there was a call whether those who were willing to sacrifice their lives for the sake of the country, now the call it is whether they are willing to live for the country by doing things for the benefit of the country.
The great day of Banrilang has arrived.
The Laskeiñ Block Tourism Promotion Society (LBTPS) has its headquarters at Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills.
Kaspar Marngar, brother of Saiñding Marngar, said that the last brother has been missing since 2008 but his relatives and friends have been missing.
To prevent the spread of the disease.
However, Mawlai turned the tide in the 29th minute through a penalty shot by Fullmoon Mukhim and in the 36th minute through Romarus Laban.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 18: U Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner (EL) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today held a meeting with political parties at the DRDA Hall, Mawkyrwat. District, Mawkyrwat regarding the preparation for the General Election 2024 to the Lok Sabha to be held on the 19th June,
Speech was also delivered by Bah KP Pangñiang who said that the four victims were like langkñia and Raidmynsaw is willing to build a monument to the four victims. , is on the grounds that according to the report received from the Judge of the Phukan Commission in Guwahati, it is clear that the four persons died from being shot by the police.
However, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh admitted that their departure will not affect the party at all as it has set up new departments and leaders in Garo Hills.
Shillong, July 18 : The State Government through the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of PWD (Roads) has launched a colored road at Lum Mawtnum village of Mawlai Mawtawar village. The church was inaugurated by the MDC of Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw.
Replying to a question, he said it is up to the state government whether to appoint an Administrator or to allow the EC to continue its rule.
Remember, when you are a city, you become a city.
This order will come into force throughout West Jaintia Hills District from the date of its issuance and will continue until the end of the Lok Sabha Elections.
Ma Alan Niangti, Waheh Shnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah, has been re-elected as the president of the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union for a term of office. in the year 2022-2
Julor lut everything when you rhah you jubor.
The script is written by Cheryl Rynjah, 1st AC or Assistant Camera.
The outbreak of the disease has affected the students as the attendance of the children has decreased significantly.
On the other hand, KSUPKUHT said that the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya, the Government of Assam and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council need to resolve and return Block I and II to Meghalaya. legal rights and as stated in the notification issued on 13 June
The king and his nobles, after thinking for many days, decided that they should get a place in the field.
Shillong: The JACM today held a meeting at the Community Hall Mawlai Mawroh, to express its gratitude to the people of Mawlai who have joined hands to get their demands on the murder of Bah Dismarlin Lyngdoh. Lying.
These bullets are believed to have been fired from self-made rifles as they were about the size of a marble.
Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Danngo said that at present he has no intention of joining any party and the rumors that he has joined the party are not true.
He is also a rich man who respects women and women have no place in his mind.
Therefore, as a sign of protest against the illegal smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, we as meat producers have decided to temporarily stop the purchase of cattle from this market, but we are still selling while it remains old and From the 7th of this month we will stop the sale of meat across the Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Before the coming of the 1000 years, there is a preparation within 45 days, which Daniel says – Blessed is he who waits and reaches the 1335 days.
Shortly after, another earthquake struck at 2:44 pm and the second earthquake measuring 4 on the Richter scale struck Udaypur district.
And there were many others who had the same experience.
The match was a thrilling one to win the title, but as many of the players of the SPC did not have the opportunity to train every day to improve themselves in this match, the minutes passed. In the second half, HITO scored two more goals and won the friendly match.
Therefore, he fought with a brave spirit, to drive out the enemies from these hills, our beloved areas only with the sword, stieh, sum khnam and ryntieh together with the people of Ri 12 Dolloi until On the 30th November 1862, he had to surrender his life to the Phasi army of the enemies from the West.
The department will hold Zonal Conferences with the States/UTs in Chandigarh (2nd June), Bengaluru (4th June), Guwahati (10th June), Mumbai (12th June) and Bhubaneswar (13th June).
Shillong: Unidentified persons have attacked the vehicle of Bah Kypynbor Rynjah, leader of the “Ghim Leh Raiñ Ban Pynpik” party.
However, now we don't have the surprise to be hostile to our rivers and streams.
Police rushed to the scene and took the injured to the Civil Hospital for treatment and arrested the shooter. This news, while the wounded man was released, only after being covered with a spain on his head.
Mohammed Hassan Ali is a primary school student, but he teaches students who are studying for Bachelor or Master Degree.
GAD Minister HDR Lyngdoh after opening the Cabinet meeting said that 20 days have been declared as public holidays in
“Ka seng wants that this road should be constructed for the benefit of the people of this area and that KHADC should issue the NOC for these roads,” said Bah Riki. Sohlang and on this occasion, the Rangbah Shnongs of four districts of Rangblang area also attended the meeting with the government.
", said in a press release.
The project was inaugurated by Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, Deputy Chief Minister, I/C Soil & Water Conservation on 18th September, 2013 in the presence of Bah TW Chyne, MLA Sohra, Barkos Warjri, MLA Sohra. The Additional Chief Secretary at that time, the Rangbah Shnong and other elders and residents as well as the officers and employees of the Soil & Water Conservation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lamphrang Blah said that since he became CEM, Bah Titos Chyne has already requested and now that Bah Pynïaid Syiem has already requested to repair the destroyed houses in Khasi Hills. Heritage Village is located in Mawphlang.
How wonderful it is when they are judged in the court of law.
The new cases include EGH: 12, EJH: 05, EKH: 120, NGH: 10, RBD: 57, SGH: 00, SWGH: 02, SWKH: 02, WGH: 13, WJH: and WKH: 06.
At the meeting, all the speakers spoke about the problems caused by the Act on the implementation of weapons, they said that the Act has punished the people in which many lives have been lost. his life because it was implemented in the name of the struggle.
When we are being taught, we need to listen to those who teach us because they are understanding and experienced.
What is more surprising is that although Prodipta has shown these documents to prove that she is a Khasi, Sngursilia Rani, the owner of her shop, said that at the time of Prodipta came to show her documents showing that she is a resident of Kynjat Phutbol, ​​which is located in the Lumparing area.
Shanborlang recently represented Meghalaya in the World Arm Wrestling Championships in Mathura, Uttar Pradesh and won a gold medal. Championship 2023.
Now many pigs and cattle die as soon as they get home.
The total number of recoveries is
Almost every day and everywhere there is violence regardless of whether it is children or adults.
Even the MLAs, MDCs, Syiems, Sordars and others will be surprised after all the work has been completed and the Meghalaya land has entered Assam.
This was announced by JC Cajee, General Secretary.
Khliehriat, July 22 : As part of the celebration of the 51st Anniversary of Independence of the State, the District Sports Office of East Jaintia Hills District has organized a 7 kilometer 'Meghalaya Day Run' The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah J.Shylla launched the flag from the old DC's office and ran to Rymbai and returned to the starting point.
Speaking after the opening of the Central Election Committee (CEC), UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that after thorough discussion, the meeting confirmed the election of Bah Nehru Suting from Pynursla. Nujorki Sungoh of Mookaiaw and Mangkara Pathaw of Umroi Constituency.
The meeting was attended by Apbor Nongrum Vice President, Kenny Nongrum Secretary and others.
The program was donated by Bah Amit Mawrie, Proprietor of AM Electronic (Panasonic, Shillong), said Bah Johnystar Mawrie, President of Laitkor Pyllun Youth Association.
I don't need any advice from the BJP. When my father was Prime Minister, he stayed at the Grand Kremlin Palace, Russia.
It is worth mentioning that during the ARPA rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and during the tenure of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor in charge of the Trade Department of KHADC, he had arrested these land dealers without forgiveness. who obstruct the public roads and who obstruct the streets.
What prevents Meghalaya from doing so is to employ the youth.
The purpose of PM-WANI is to facilitate business activities and to encourage shops in villages and small businesses to become Wi-Fi Hotspots or Public Data Offices ( PDO).
Shillong, Jymmang, 28: If we talk about women's health, what is the right age to get proper treatment? Is it from childhood or after adolescence or at the time of birth? These were the questions raised by the participants in a seminar on women's health held recently at Administrative Staff College, Guwahati, Assam.
Kympad said that because the people have sold all the stones from the river, during the rainy season all the stones that the water brings are carried away to Bangladesh and this is a loss to the state.
The Amur Falcons are birds that come from Siberia to South Africa once a year before the harvest season and temporarily stay in the area where they stay and return to the area. ri after the harvest of the wheat.
“I am pleased that South West Khasi Hills District has talented athletes and I hope that their participation in the Meghalaya Games 2022 will also bring them the title of victory,” he said. state.
For these days, all offices, courts and others, will be open on 13, 20 and 27th October, 2021 which are Saturdays.
To the prophet Jeremiah God said, “I have put my words in thy mouth” (Jeremiah 1:1-19).
Jesus prayed for the disciples to be one.
Syllad.com has taken the initiative to broadcast a video on YouTube / Syllad on the discussion and appeal of religious leaders and village leaders to the people to get vaccinated against COVID-1
On the maternity hospital, Dikkanchi D Shira said, “Many mothers who give birth lose their children or even themselves.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 28: In Nongtrai area under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, it was found that although the roads have reached almost all the villages and areas, but with the passing of the years they have deteriorated to the point where they are not able to improve the roads. longer to drive.
In fact, the Ministry of Agriculture is the department that looks after agriculture and farmers but it is not so. which focuses on the farmers in a broad manner, and which is responsible for making agriculture one of the largest occupations.
However, it is something else that is unknown and unknown that the government has not taken any measures to build or improve these three generators and this action of the government has caused a shortage. to generate up to 102MW of electricity in the state.
Cross the floor- Ryngkoh Pynkheiñakor which goes beyond the boundaries of the Legislative Assembly as a ryngkoh to violate against human dignity in the legislative assembly in society.
The tournament will continue on the 23rd of July 2023 when East Phi Oiñ FC will play against Lajong FC. The NPP and Congress MDCs led by the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, have been defeated by the NPP and Congress MDCs despite the NPP MDCs having been working with the EC for more than three years.
The Bill will be discussed at a meeting of political parties to call for a government meeting on Tuesday.
Speakers on the occasion were Bah D Rapsang, District Youth Coordinator of Nehru Yuva Kendra Jowai, Tbn N Ryngkhlem, General Secretary of Samla Shangpung Presbytery and Mr Sarlangki Dkhar, Secretary of Samla Shangpung Presbytery. the Society.
When the BJP warned the Bengalis that they cannot form a government without the BJP, they gave a warning.
After a thorough discussion, the new rules of procedure for the NEC Schemes were also released.
“We have to compromise on this.
The Lukha River has become prominent due to the blue color of the water which started in November 2007 when thousands of fish have died and this death of fish continues even though there is a shortage of fish. you have a fish.
“The government has set up Regional Committees with members from various parties, but these meetings were held in closed places and with the order not to announce their findings publicly. through its report"she said.
They were obedient and God-fearing people.
He said that the government's action by implementing the Roster later has caused losses to the people and said that this policy is outdated, outdated and incompatible with the rules. modern times and it is a system that has been developed to directly benefit one community.
According to the employees of the bank, the robbers entered the bank from the back of the bank, by breaking the Khalki and when they got inside, they cut off the wire siren. of the bank and tried to rob the depository, but they could not do anything, because it was a secure depository.
The meeting was attended by various groups including the Chief Executive Members and Village Authorities. The meeting was also explained to the orders issued by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the cleaning and revitalization of rivers.
Last month, Chennai-based TVS Group, owned by Sundaram Clayton, which manufactures Maruti Suzuki and Hero MotoCorp parts, decided to suspend operations. because there is no demand for the goods in the market.
JACBOM urges the government to register the land on the border with Assam. All the MLAs and MDCs were invited to the meeting but only Bah Charles Marngar.
“It seems that the police have not come so that these people involved in this incident can continue their criminal activities.
Alan said that if they were true leaders, they should have got Sohra and Mairang Districts at the same time.
In fact, an FIR has been lodged by the Sales Tax authorities in Guwahati to show that the coal may have come from Meghalaya and may have been shown in the documents that it was transported. coal from Guwahati to Meghalaya for export although the coal does not move anywhere except to be transported to Bangladesh.
“The state government will have to raise funds from itself or else the water supply project will be in trouble,” she said.
Drug users cannot just become buyers, but they must look for ways and means how to become sellers to those whom they sell so that they can support their own needs.
After closing the toll gate in Raha, Assam, he phoned his sister at about 1 pm and told her that he was asleep so he would sleep first and sent his sister to sleep. it's 4 o'clock in the morning.
They killed the driver and threw the body at Kalain and later, Kamrimganj police seized the vehicle after SBI personnel lodged a complaint with the police at Karimganj. Assam Police have also arrested Emi Nongpluh from Mustem village.
Ltd has donated T.10 lakh, the Directorate of Arts and Culture, Meghalaya has donated T.5 lakh, the North Eastern Council (NEC) has donated T.3 lakh. T.20 lakh and KHADC has allocated T.57,22,000 in 2013 for the Monolith Festival.
I remember that the Mawkhar road to the office of the Dorbar Syiem of Mylliem Hima was covered with tear gas.
L Pariat, General Secretary MSOA & Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAA) who explained in detail about the preparations.
Four passengers were injured in the incident, all of whom were in the alto, while those in the truck were not injured.
This is one of the industries that the Khasi-Pnars should develop.
Jowai, Lber 8: A group of armed men in military uniform robbed the Punjab National Bank in Saipung, East Jaintia Hills this morning at 1:30 pm. something.
Many people know and understand themselves, but it is better if many people are stupid.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) today announced that 29 people have tested positive for COVID-1
and others that the public can also check through the BIS Care App to identify counterfeit and genuine products.
These people say, if there is no cure for Covid 19, then those who are healthy are treated? but it is a misunderstanding of the people.
SHILLONG: A new treatment known as Stem Cell therapy has become a blessing to 8-year-old Ethan Nongbet after he suffered a serious illness. Your body and body for a while have caused great distress to your parents.
In West Garo Hills, there are 4 cases including one High Risk and 3 cases from Damalgre Cluster.
Six minutes later, Jamshedpur FC had an opportunity to score after Eli Sabia shot from a freekick which was caught by Ritwik Das but the ball went wide.
On the other hand, the Head of Census Department, said that the 2011 census of religions has not been received yet as it is still being prepared.
The Government of Meghalaya has no intention of extending the work of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the Jaintia Hills District Council.
But in the first place, how was it possible to dig and carry at will? There is no basis for that arrest or non-arrest, but who has allowed it to be done illegally from the beginning? We also know that this illegal practice has started since the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned illegal coal mining in June
They were also taught how to make the right packaging after packing the soh in the bottle.
Dr. PM Nadon, District Nodal Officer, NTCP Mawkyrwat said that drinking and eating tobacco is a bad habit which we must eradicate.
As a sign of condemnation of the violence and invasion of the mynder in the Khasi areas, it shows that these people no longer respect the authorities of the law and the indigenous people.
The state has been ruled by the BJP for three terms.
The Doordarshan Kendra has also started broadcasting Khasi programs since
As Khalistan supporter Amritpal Singh is still wanted, Punjab police have filed two new charges against him and his aides, one for robbery. a fence set up by police when he fled from police custody on Saturday and another over the seizure of a firearm from his vehicle that he left on the road.
Embhah said that within a year of starting this project, there is a vision that this project will continue to grow, and if the government gives the right hand and left hand to continue. please do this work.
Pool-G includes Moodymmai, Dahi FC, Nangbah Khloopano, Mawsiang FC, Nongkhroh and Myrjai.
Therefore, in view of the lack of clarity on the issue, the KSU has decided to meet with the Minister soon.
Also present at the inspection was the Myntdu Wah Khooid Association led by its president KL Pariat, DH Pde, farmers and others.
Meghalaya has four sections of this road including section 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, and the survey has been conducted.
Hendrickson Lyngskor, 10, from Umlyngka, Upper Shillong, will receive a scholarship from FC Madras including education, training and accommodation. , a toy as well as travel expenses.
He said that what the old EC had done in three years, the new EC has been able to do in three months.
Speaking on the upcoming elections, Bah Hek said, “The BJP will field at least 40 candidates and maybe we can field all the constituencies but it depends on the BJP. 'It's not enough to have enough people to fight, it's not enough to raise enough people to fight.
The Hailstorm Operation in five days has destroyed three hideouts of the insurgents and shot dead three members of the insurgents.
There are 18 types of jobs identified through this scheme including mystery work, shipbuilder, protective equipment maker, silversmith, goldsmith, key maker, tyrnem maker and others. dewbyrta, sculptor, stonecutter, juti maker, synsar maker, shang, maker of human beings and toys, shniuh maker, saitjaiñ and fish net maker.
A wise woman buildeth her house upon a rock: but the foolish plucketh it down.
Many demands have also been made by the civil society and the youth who are fighting against the deletion of their names to immediately remove those teachers who have been illegally appointed. information that the education department had dismissed them.
The union also informed about the lack of a permanent office space for the District School Education Officer who has been working from the SDSEO office and at the same time the union also expressed the need to rebuild the office. SDSEO who is now 48 years old.
Khliehriat: Umlyngsha Youth Society and Sports Club (UYSSC), Lakadong, EJHD as part of the Youth Week Program 2019 for the youth of the village has started with a Swimming Competition 2019 at Wah Sailynter. I'm from Umlyngsha Village.
I came here to look for a job.
She said that in her childhood there were many French Saheps in Sohra and she used to go to church on foot from Laitryngew to Nongsawlia. She joined the Presbyterian Church in
“This understanding comes after the BJP won in three states – Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh – in the Assembly elections where the counting of votes took place today.
He said that they have been fined T.200 to T.300 per vehicle without giving a receipt.
Last month, 39,000 children were infected.
When he escaped, he ran away from the place and said to the blang, "If you are wise, you should have seen before you went inside, whether you could climb back up.
Shillong, July 14: HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani on Tuesday said that the BJP government's allocation of T.70 crore for the construction of churches of 37 different Christian churches in Shillong and Sohra has been rejected. it is only a ploy to get votes from Christians during elections.
The question I ask here is: Has God saved us? Has God called us? Can our rights save us? When He called, have we fulfilled the purpose of God? Shall we take advantage of God's grace? Do you feel that it is too late for you? The answer is: There is still time. , not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the ages" 2 Timothy 1:9
The executive members of the Mahila Morcha include Payal Saberwal, Barnali Ghosh, Adalene Hynniewta, Anu Thapa, Anjalee Singh, Paul Das and Madhumita Dutta.
Speaking to reporters, UDA Leader Titosstarwell Chyne said that the MDCs have agreed to nominate Bah Titosstarwell Chyne as the candidate for the election of Chief Executive Members (CEM). and Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem as the candidate for the post of Chairman.
For Iong-I Dahi FC, Confirm Sana scored in the 55th minute, Stingbha Dkhar in the 67th minute and Denis Lyngdoh in the 75th minute.
According to the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulation Act 2011, any vehicle that violates the law will have to pay a fine of T.1000 per vehicle.
Nongpoh, Nailar 11: Speaking at the distribution of development schemes in Umden village, Manipur today, Bah Mayral Born Syiem stressed on the need for a C&RD Block in Umden area to improve the lives of the people and to bring them closer especially to the leaders of the village. The Rangbah Shnongs of the area have difficulty in traveling due to the distance of the road to Umling especially the villages in the Umden area.
The rapid development of any country or state depends on the availability of many and good roads.
“Most of the tourists have to stand on the street and it is not safe and with the market they can enter and spend more time buying agricultural products or other items that the residents of the area. they sell," he said.
According to the former President of the KSU, about 35% of the land in Shillong is occupied by the army.
The Forum urges the Government to take action in bringing about a lasting response to these issues faced by the citizens in the State.
“It is to be recalled that the ECI, before the Mawryngkneng Bye Election, through a letter dated March 20, 2021, has clarified that it does not recognize Bah Adelbert Nongrum as the President of KHNAM. “I don't have the right to contest from KHNAM,” said Bah Pyndap.
In 2012, 151 teachers were dismissed for failing to pass these two TETs. Teachers were sent to write examinations in English, Mathematics, Hindi and General Knowledge. “This test should check the ability of teachers to teach children, they have to prove themselves that they can teach or they have to leave the teaching profession,” said the lads. news from the Bihar Education Department.
Other issues include the Cabinet to increase the salary of MLAs from T.600/- to T.1200/- tyngka , one is to pay the driver's fee of The MLA will receive T.10,000/- per month and T.2000/- per year.
This was informed by the management of NEIGRIHMS to the Minister of State, Bah Sanbor Shullai who visited the two men identified as Bah E Samaiang and Bah C Nartiang.
The daughter of the woman said that while she was at the scene, she heard a noise and ran to look and found that her mother had been caught in the electrical shock. so immediately she struggled to scream and even ask for help from the neighboring people to ask for help and turn off the light.
However, the fact is that the French imprisoned Rajendra Singh for the rest of his life and he died as a prisoner.
According to Bah Kalwing, it is for this reason that he has decided to join the NPP under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, son of PA Sangma. hoping to follow in his father’s footsteps.
Police are conducting thorough investigation and at the same time these four persons have been charged under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
In the Under-17 category, Ummulong Presbyterian H/S School beat Modymmai Secondary School 2-0 while Amlarem Secondary School beat Modymmai Secondary School 3-0 Jowai Govt.
On this issue, Priyanka Chaturvedi said, “The Prime Minister has criticized the adoption of women's jait by their husbands and therefore, he should have passed a law that is appropriate, rather than talking without show, the works".
Paint you get to sha ba eh.
Those who read the Khasi newspapers, I believe, have seen my article on the MP election 2024, which appeared on 10-11 April 24, in which I mentioned, that in this MP election now, “ The three candidates for the Shillong MP constituency are Ampareen Lyngdoh NPP, Vincent Pala Congress and Dr Ricky Syngkon VPP. ), Dr. Lakhon Kma (IND) and Bah Peter Shallam (IND).
“We have been talking about the spread of the disease in the air and that it is one of the most common ways of spreading covid 19,” said Maria Van Kerkhove, a WHO expert. , in the press.
The police have launched a raid to prevent anyone from taking advantage of the village during the Diwali celebrations.
The fundamental principle of service is to sacrifice and sacrifice oneself for others.
The Water Resources Department has provided irrigation schemes in Tiehiong and Kynskong, two rice cultivation areas.
He also feels the need for women leaders from the ground up.
Shillong, June 27: BSF troops at Umsyiem have arrested a Bangladeshi national while he was trying to cross the border from India to Bangladesh.
In this new understanding and explanation, the Power of this Trick has emerged which has caused the Pateng today to continue to proclaim those Khanapateng; and among some of the ancient peoples of South Asia, – the Sumerians, the Akkadians, the Babylonians, the Hittites, the Phoenicians, the Hurrians, the Canaanites, etc.
The Expenditure Department of the Finance Department today released T.7,532 crore to 22 State Governments for their State Disaster Response Funds (SDRFs).
At the same time, he expressed his concern and disappointment when speaking on the phase 3 of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme, due to the lack of attention on this issue.
However, at the same time, he said that the sound of the cry is not clear whether it is true or not, because there was a heavy noise in the area at that time.
The building of the college needs to be repaired from the doors, windows, surroundings of the college and to renovate the equipment inside the laboratory according to the modern era.
In a statement, the party, through Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the expenditure of political parties in Garo Hills is through the Garo politicians, who created these parties.
Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President HYCKTherefore, to protect the uniqueness of the jaidbynriew, to protect the identity, customs and traditions, religion, land, mineral resources, forests, trade and exploitation. We have to demand from the Government of India to amend Paragraph 12A(b) and instead of “President” we need to put the word “Governor” and not only In order for this to be implemented in the whole state, we need to transfer the Normal Shillong Municipal to the KHADC by amending Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule.
All the speakers encouraged and congratulated the CLF, VO and SHG's to continue to work hard so that they can move forward in their work for the benefit of the community and their income generation. .
Last month, the crackdown was against illegal construction at Ghumar Mandi, Model Town Extension and Model Town Gol Market.
Shillong: Police in East Garo Hills on Tuesday seized a large quantity of ammunition hidden by the GNLA at Dorengkigre village.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The MSPWDO today met with the management of the Nirmali Society of Jesus Christ (NSJC) in Laitumkhrah after receiving a complaint from the parents. The fathers of some of the children who do not have even a place to sleep and food have not been able to eat at their training center in Bangalore for several days.
In a letter signed by Thomas Passah, President and F. Marpna, Secretary, KHNAM State Youth Wing, they said that through RTI, KHNAM has found that the State Sports Council has been held. Except for the order of the Labor Department of the Government of Meghalaya to pay low salaries to the day laborers under the polo.
“In the House, my speech was clear.
Shillong, June 25: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah VGK Kynta on Tuesday admitted that the MP election to the Lok Sabha may be the last election for the Shillong Parliamentary Assembly. Constituency.
Regarding the spectators, 75% of the spectators are allowed and it was also said that for the purpose of setting rules, on tourist sports, they are allowed to open all and Children under 10 years of age and the elderly are allowed to visit tourist attractions.
One of these varieties is the one we grow in Khasi Hills, which has a stem, which does not match the symbols inside the soh.
The dancing, the partying, the drinking at the election campaign sites is a waste of money.
M.Tding, Khat Arshnong, Sohra Constituency, Mob No.
The party announced that it intends to introduce multi sectoral development to meet the needs of the farmers.
Shillong: U Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC of the Congress, on Tuesday said that the party has declined in other states, only due to the actions of some leaders in the party, which has brought about shortcomings. The Congress party did not win many seats.
For the Nartiang Durga Temple, T.157.17 lakh will be allocated, which will include parking space, ground reinforcement pillars, roads, lights and signage.
The poet Soso Tham has explained to us, We will become slaves of 24 shaka trucks.
She said that most of the time she and her children have to starve because the children are young and they don't know how to work. to care for and protect the young child.
However, Ma Lam was not seriously injured and is undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital, Shillong, while his employee survived the incident.
“Regarding the Roster System, the Government has already taken a decision after thorough consultation with all stakeholders, and this decision has been informed and explained to all including ACHIK, and after “That meeting went ahead to take a decision to issue a new Office Memorandum,” he said.
“However, at the same time, the youth should not be misled by the rapid development of science and technology to forget the nature of their culture,” he said.
The road is called the budlum of the growth of the park.
He said that the BJP Manifesto provides equality to all ethnic groups regardless of race, religion, culture and ethnicity.
However, the behavior of the indigenous peoples in these states is very different from that of the indigenous peoples living in Meghalaya.
The Seiñ Kur Sutnga 14 Khrong Khrong Unit, East Jaintia District has renewed its office bearers at the election meeting held on 9th June 2021 at the residence of Kong Phyrnai Sutnga in Khliehriat West.
This ten goals lasted until the end of the period which gave the team the victory.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Employment Monitoring Cell has urged the health authorities to announce publicly the marks of all the candidates who have applied for the post of Staff Nurse so that The selection of candidates for the interview will be transparent.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, today announced that three cases of headache, fever and corona virus have been confirmed in the state.
The union wants to clarify that this 'Otkilo' affects the income of the farmers and it is also an insult to the farmers and the farmers suffer because every time they sell them. The farmers are charged 100 kilos and this 100 kg the farmers give to the buyer and isn't that a loss? The HFU of West Jaintia Hills District has questioned this man. These days, the seed, fertilizer, labor and others have been lost completely.
However, there may be other reasons why the SIT is still investigating to find out the truth.
They released five shyieng when police went to the house, where they were staying, on the allegation that Giggs, shot and beat his wife and after that, Giggs, he bought another dog, named Atlas, to have a friend to live with Mac; but they did not agree to distribute only one ksew and wanted to kill Mac.
“I agree with the Opposition that the conflict in Manipur continues.
Shillong, June 25: Government health officials have expressed their deep concern that about half of the women in Meghalaya are still choosing to give birth at home.
Later, when our ancestors were betrayed by the Government of India, they fought for their own state, and after 25 years of struggle, the Government of India gave us that State. It was signed on 21 January
The shop was inaugurated by the former Chairman of the Mihmyntdu Catholic Church, Ma Frederick Synnah, in the presence of Fr Manbha Pakem, Director of JHDS, Coordinator of JHDS, Bah Denis Kurkalang and other dignitaries.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, today responded to Dr Mukul Sangma's remark that Conrad K Sangma is only a member of the BJP. “According to the position of Dr Mukul Sangma, who is the Leader of the Opposition, it is not appropriate to spread the word,” James said.
Secretary UYSSC, EJHD Feodoris Dkhar, also known as Kong Iar, is the sister of Mon Dkhar, Prisca M Dkhar and Bin Dkhar. Head Assistant of Shillong Horticulture Department passed away on
He said that if the BJP wins 370 seats, it will amend the Constitution of the country by removing the word 'secularism' to achieve the dream of making India a Hindu state.
“The violence against women is unacceptable and we stand firmly with all the women of the State.
The Khasi-Jaintia Hills is a country so rich in plant species that we have no doubt that there are many other plants which are better than this for soil fertility.
Jesus said, “I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.
It may be recalled that this is the third time that the President of HANM has been arrested. Earlier he was arrested on charges of involvement in arms trafficking. He said that the MDC elections will be held in Langrin Constituency.
A little bit about Matt Bacon, in his career in music, Matt Bacon has been the winner of the Texas National Music Festival (Classical Mind) and at the same time he is also a writer. Singer, recording artist, and teacher at one of the schools in the music department of AR Rahman at the KM Conservatory of Music in Chennai India.
“This is not a job for children but to look far,” said Banrilang's mother.
The second prize winners received Rs 1.1 lakh which means Rs 10,000 to the participants and Rs 1 lakh to the school, the third Rs 55,000 to the participants and Rs 50,000 to the school.
“The court is still considering the allegation and sentencing Bernard so let the court give a fair trial and after that we will see what we will do,” said Dr Ao.
In the veteran doubles, Bishnu Joshi and Santanu Ghosh won the title by beating Ranjan Deb and Biswajit Das Gupta 3-1
“After KAS met me recently, in the first month, I wrote a letter to the Home Ministry to remind them.
Reliable sources said that the Karbi villages where these Karbi militants live have turned into kittra because these Karbi militants eat, drink and collect money from the Karbi villagers.
Leaders of Khasi Students' Union War Jaintia Circle and KSU South Central East Circle today convened a meeting with the exporters from War Mihngi and War Jaintia together with the village leaders of the area and decided to Laitphar Syngkrem from KSU War Jaintia Circle and Eleaser Diengdoh from KSU South Central Circle attended the meeting. Thain War Jaintia.
In a statement, the union said that although the district authorities have banned quarrying within the district in Baridua, Killing, Khanapara, Umtyrnga and other places, this has not been allowed. and it continueth unto this day.
I have been an avid newspaper reader for many, many years.
Finally, Bah Daniel Dan, District Sports Officer, Shillong, congratulated the Chief Guest, Bah Peter T Dkhar, Chairman of the Debate, Bah Mark Challam, MCS, EAC and Head of Revenue and Registration Department, the judges of the debate Bah Arky Nongrum, CEO, Meghalaya Football Association, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, Secretary Meghalaya Cricket Association and Dr. Kong B. Kharjana, Chest Specialist RP Chest Hospital. Badskhem Rapsang and Bah Paia B Synrem and I also congratulated all the schools who came to take part.
58,293 × Rs.1000 = Rs 5,83,29,300/- However, the difference is that the answer of the EM incharge says that the fine they received from 1st September 2018 to 29th February 2020 is Rs.4,83,0
“The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should test again for the virus and find drugs that can cure people from this disease because the same drugs are no longer working and this is evident from the increase in people have died from this disease,” she added.
The focus is on the introduction of lifestyle practices that promote health, well-being and disease prevention and reduced access to nutritious food.
Abhishek said he would not attend the summons as he was currently busy with the election campaign in which he had to participate.
The first is 28 years old and the last is 5 years old.
He also requested the residents and neighboring villages to join hands at this time for the betterment of the health of the residents in the state and the country as a whole.
“I don't have any personal animosity towards her but it was after examining the files that came to my desk as minister that we took a decision,” he added.
The school authorities have sent a letter to the MLA requesting him to provide smart classes, computers and other necessities of the school for the purpose of distributing education to the children.
A case has been registered at Sadar PS (Case No.274(10)2023 u/s 325/341/506/34 IPC) and one person involved in the case has been arrested on the 5th. October.
The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who is also the MLA of West Shillong Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that if the UDP wins the Sohiong Constituency, there will be no change of government in the state. but it will show the good performance of the Party this year.
If these cells continue to be exposed to light rays, a protein known as melanopsin continues to work with them, which is involved in signaling to the brain associated with blinking, sleep or being careful.
However, since no one has signed the order to dismiss the mynder, it appears that it was done by powerless groups, so the police and the government have a role to play in looking into it.
These can be caused by many reasons such as the onset of swelling of the skin, excessive exposure to the sun, exposure to the wind especially in cold weather which causes the swelling of the skin.
It is beautiful and pleasant to see that the present government wants to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Perhaps, other foreign nations will laugh at us if we understand each other as a nation.
as recorded at Isaiah 5:2
The order urged everyone to follow the guidelines of the state health department regarding social distancing.
Upon receiving this information, the state police have launched a thorough investigation to arrest the escaped robbers.
The distance from Mairang to Lyngkhoi is 8 KM. Vehicles coming from Nongstoin can also enter from Shyrwang on weekdays, except on Sundays.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the people who are smart enough to catch these insects said that it is very difficult to enter the forests and enjoy the people and the lights that can be seen from one side. They don't understand the lights of the lights when they go to catch these insects and it makes their souls happy to return to their homes. sem haka for a while.
According to sources, the Governor may first invite the BJP and the Aakali Dal to propose to them to form a government. which is ready to form a government.
On 21st July 2023, two residents of Lumshnong were parked at Dosti Hotel in Ladrymbai when two persons fell from their vehicle. Police have also arrested two persons for the purpose of committing crimes.
He said that the incident on the evening of the 8th of this month shows clearly that the VPP understands that the allegations of The NPP leader from Mawryngkneng, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the VPP is trying to stir up trouble against the NPP. The VPP is Team B of the TMC. Shangpliang also demanded that something should be done against it. The VPP for disrupting the election campaigns of other parties which is a violation of the rules of the ECI and the intention to hold a clean and fair election.
The death toll has risen to 18 since yesterday evening, of which 16 are from East Khasi Hills District, 1 from East Jaintia Hills District and 1 from West Jaintia Hills District.
He also encouraged the students not to wait only for government jobs but to try to stand on their own feet as the government has created many assistance programs for the youth.
The MDA-2 government will include eight ministers from the NPP, two from the UDP and one each from the BJP and HSPDP. According to sources close to the MDA-2, the NPP MLAs who will be sworn in as Ministers besides Prestone and Sniawbha will hold the post of Dy CM, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA. Comingone Ymbon MLA from Raliang, AT Mondal MLA from Phubari, Marcuise Marak MLA from Williamnagar and Rakkam Sangma MLA from Rongara-Siju.
Rev.ER Kharkrang sent his greetings and blessings to all the Youth Week and Youth Sunday services.
Matchallang is said to be one of the militants who is close to the party chief, Sohan D Shira.
Thousands of people who love music and dance have come to Kurkalang Square to hear the beautiful voices of these talented people. win this evening at the end of the festival.
Donaskur FC won the tie breaker 4-3 against Kuliang FC. The Department of Dairy Development under the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has prepared to build a processing plant to produce up to 10,000 liters of milk per day. from Mukhla village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday congratulated Prime Minister Narendra Modi for discussing the construction of the 85 km road from Mahendraganj in Meghalaya to Hili in West Bengal. Bangladesh, where he held talks with Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.
I have tried to find out from other articles on this verse but it is difficult to find many do not have explanations and I found only one book written by Wyatt I Yatborn writes a little about one of the species of insects .
The Minister of PHE, Marcuise Marak, said that the department has taken all necessary measures to address the water shortage in Shillong. The construction of the 33 KV line has caused problems.
About 20 Puja Committees from Laban, Paltan Bazar, Lumparing, Kench Trace, Jhalupara and others attended the meeting to welcome the donation by the MLA. They are not from the MLA Scheme or from the government funds but from your MLA salary.
The award was presented at the International Conference on Microbiological Research: Current Challenges and Future Prospects, organized by Bharathidasan University, Tamil Nadu at Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District.
To protest against the demarcation, the Garo Student Union, in the presence of members of the Garo Student Union, held a meeting at Maikhuli village. They have opposed the demarcation, saying that it is a useless demarcation, as there are many lands in the area, which will not be annexed to Assam.
On the 26th of November at 4 pm, police seized three trucks (ML-04C-6872) belonging to Kermiki Kanai, ML-04C-3 Kular Papiah and ML-04B-4570 driven by John Suchiang, have been arrested for violating the NGT order. The HYC, Ri Bhoi District and Ri Bhoi Youth Council (RBYC) on Saturday raided foreigners who have been working in several places. who is in the Umsning area.
Witting was surprised to learn that the government will provide only T.4000 tyngka to the farmers to buy 2 piglets, 2 goats and 50 chickens from the 1000 crore. “T.4000 tyngka is no longer for the government to buy piglets but for the purchase of pork,” said Witting.
Speaking on the government's decision to ban those students who fail in mathematics or science, Samla Mayborn said that this is a mistake of the government because it will affect the future of the students later when they compete. There has never been a single government job that has not been counted, even the peon job has not been counted.
“It is difficult to spend from the state government itself for the cleaning of these rivers because the cost is no longer small,” he added.
He explained that there are up to 500 vacancies in the Government and Undertaking per annum and this is increasing the number of jobs.
This shows that he has fought hard for his own interest by opposing MUDA,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Speaking to reporters, Ms Slodian said that the village has held a dorbar on the 5th of this month and at that meeting they have decided to expel other residents who oppose the village. my city has been destroyed.
The finalists in the Sub Junior category were Couttius Synnah.
He said that the vote was very low in the last election.
“The NDA government is working, in fact the government should look after and bring peace, but as it turns out now there is not much peace,” she said. .
Through this tournament, MAASA will also select the best paragliders to lead the Asian League Qualification to be held in Thailand next year.
Leaders of HANM Ribhoi District under the leadership of Bah Bawan Nongsiej, said that they learned of the damage caused by the company to the river after the residents of the area lodged a complaint with the HANM. They also sent a letter in which they expressed their loss from the quarrying of stone from the Umïam River.
Mawkyrwat, June 11: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titoswell Chyne today inaugurated the construction of the Conference Hall. 10 lakh from the CEM Fund, KHADC in the presence of Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency and Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal of Sngap. King's College, Mawkyrwat.
If anyone has received money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the SDO (Supply) by writing their name and village so that they will be notified. they can be punished.
Therefore, the IOA will also work with various NSFs to identify those athletes of the country who will benefit from this in life in terms of physical fitness. which is healthy.
Another problem is the uncertainty of the price of newsprint, which rises and falls without understanding.
I don't need a husband, I don't need a husband, I want to make my family happy, but he came to destroy me like this..." said the mother.
I have set up a committee, headed by me, together with Cabinet Ministers, experts from various groups and government officials, to prepare for another celebration of the Independence Day. Meghalaya".
Though.
"“FOR THE GLORY OF THE LORD"AMENAmen praise the Lord, walk with God.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah Finely Pariat, said that it is a great honor for Meghalaya to have a Prime Minister who has been able to bring and host such major tournaments in the state.
He said that many rules have been issued by the NGT regarding cleanliness, therefore, the households should have their own toilets and septic tanks and not the toilets that are dumped into the house. If the NGT comes to inspect and finds out, the house will be closed down. Don't burn the garbage because you will be fined Rs.5000/- tyngka. Nongpoh, June 30: Hundreds of households in four areas in Dong Ri Bhoi, have been damaged by the natural disasters this morning. On Tuesday night, after the cold weather in Jirang and the storm which struck several villages in the Umtyrnga area on the border with Assam.
Regarding the Iawmusiang Market Complex, the Chief Minister promised to release the funds for the Iawmusiang Market Complex within the next few days.
We support musicians, singers, entrepreneurs, youth groups, athletes through schemes so that they can earn a living and create opportunities for themselves," said Conrad.
Bhalang was wearing jeans, a maroon jacket and an action shoe.
Shillong: To mark the 126th Anniversary of Swami Vivekananda's discourses in Chicago, the Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra today, 19th November, 2019, organized a Seminar Cum Quiz Competition.
He said that the Synod will hold a meeting and a decision will be taken in 2015 to announce the decision.
This servant stayed about 2 miles from their home and with the income he received from them he was able to support his family.
Mark remembered the first time he met Eddie and this was also in Orlando where many were impressed and impressed by his ability to play different sounds through the guitar.
The meeting was chaired by the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang.
He said that the party has directed all the offices of the party in all the districts and especially in the border areas like Byrnihat, Khanapara, Umsiang, Ranibari, Umden, Mawlasnai and Patharkhmah. Be vigilant that there are no people who violate the law and sneak in at such times.
“While expressing her journey after winning the Miss Shillong, 2023 pageant, Chaivalry Lartang, said that in the past, she didn't talk to anyone, but when she won the pageant, she She started playing chess and encouraged young people like her.
When Riia came together, they began to talk about this and that and after half an hour they were ready to leave.
“In order to restore peace, the National Peace Keeping Committee, which includes the army, the army and the police, seized power on the 22nd of June, at 4.30 pm. Prayut Chan-O-Cha, the chief of staff of the army, said.
“I have not received a letter of expulsion or suspension from the party but I have received verbal information that they have decided to suspend me from the party.
“At the meeting, the Prime Minister confirmed that this notification will not have any impact on the district council judges,” Chyne said.
A special song was also performed by one of the members of the MFU, Bah Baladonbok Kharkamni.
It is very encouraging to see that our brothers and sisters from the North East are being discriminated against in terms of their culture and food.
Ardent said the VPP party demands that all recruitment activities in the state should be suspended until the Reservation Policy is finalised.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today appointed several ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government.
Shillong: FC Goa today announced that it has signed 19-year-old Meghalaya footballer Phrangki Buam from Shillong Lajong FC. state signed a three-year deal with the club.
Bah Warlarpih said that after the problem of importing cows from abroad, the cow farmers went to buy only four or five cows from their own state and when they bought from their own state they did not get a challan. , because the villagers cannot issue challans.
In the second leg, Khliehmynkrem FC beat Caroline Colony 1-1
“In the past, the monitoring of the health of poor women was difficult and painful due to the lack of adequate information and sometimes what we have is not enough because it is collected and written in books. Ramkumar S, IAS, Additional Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
Before saying anything about this, it is desirable to explain how the digraph Ch.
Whether the KHADC will hold the Monolith Festival again in Mawphlang is a question that has been raised in the past few days. but the most urgent thing for the KHADC is to pass laws that are very important for the people.
Manipur Police have recovered stolen firearms from Churchandpur and Bishnupur districts, the state police chief said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PS Lyngdoh, former member of the Executive Dorbar of Myrïaw Hima, said that according to the records in the office of the Hima, Myrïaw Hima, in the past, there were only nine The villages which the Syiems of the two kingdoms have agreed to rule together and all the lands and shyiap, together with all the lands which fall under these lands are called joint property.
In the second half, the players of both the teams, struggled to score, but in such a case, one of the players of Thad SC, had the opportunity to score. Thad SC won the title in the tournament at Sohpdok, which ensured that the team won the title.
A four-year-old child has tested positive for COVID-19, but after being tested at Jorhat Medical College, Dibrugarh, he was confirmed positive for COVID-1 found that he did not have the disease.
Jowai, Nailar 17: A coal trader and owner of a petrol pump in East Jaintia Hills has been cheated by the defeated BJP candidate for the mid-term elections from War East. JHADC has not yet completed this report.
To ensure this, there have been laws since 1908, during the time of the British, as well as in the Assam government that in the Khasi and Garo Hills other ethnic groups cannot buy land.
This was announced by the Under Secretary Political Department of the State Government.
The final decision, on the matter, will be made on November 8, 2021.
He also acknowledged that there have been leaders from different villages who have left the party and joined other parties.
It is learned that the group has held meetings in Jadi, Nongal, Chalang, and other places to invite the youth to join the group.
Please note that one of the A'chiks will be elected as CM if the NPP wins more seats in Garo Hills.
The Congress leaders said that what is surprising is that even the Muslims in the northern Garo Hills, have spoken against the Congress on this occasion, which they used to support. This is one of the reasons why the Prime Minister has decided to contest from two constituencies.
The Apostolic Nuncio, Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli also celebrated the Holy Mass in the presence of the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Willbert Marweiñ. , the Bishop of Jowai, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Auxiliary Bishop of Aizawl, Most Rev. Joachim Walder, Priests and thousands of faithful from the three Dioceses.
Besides these terrible lynshops, the national highway in Lumshnong has also become like a flood due to the heavy flooding on the highway. too much water on the road.
If the Government fails to take the right decision, this will lead to the disruption of peace and stability in the State.
Shillong, March 25 : The Kur Mawrie Sports & Cultural Club, Laitkor on Tuesday launched the Kur Mawrie Football Tournament in the name of (L) Bah Dring Marcel Mawrie. held at the Lighthouse Football Ground.
On the other hand, Paiem Ainam congratulated the CEM and the World Bank officials for visiting the Hima Mylliem for the first time. It has a large and extensive khaddar administration and has to look after up to 1600 villages.
Israeli troops have also dropped leaflets calling on Palestinians to leave their homes in eastern Gaza before launching an attack. At least 160 people have been killed on the Palestinian side in the short-lived Israeli offensive, which began at 9am GMT. Not a single Israeli was killed in the shooting in various parts of Israel.
The event was enriched by the performances of the Chiiung group, traditional dances and others.
As a contribution to the development of Khasi literature and to promote poetry, another great thinker from Sohra, Bah Wanstep Diengdoh will launch his book entitled “The Treasure of Khasi Poetry”. ".
Anil Pargal won the senior category, Col Jagdish Singh second and Dilip K Borah third.
There were times when God sent the angel Gabriel and prophets like Amos, Isaiah and others to proclaim something from God.
The third method used to produce better plants is by crossing two plants if those two plants have any quality that the farmer wants to have in the children. their.
In the case of electricity, many households have not yet received electricity.
According to sources, all the abductees were detained and tortured for 10 days.
The PHE Scheme has been funded since 2002 by the Central Government through the Non-Lapsable Central Pool Resources (NLCPR) by the Ministry of Urban Development at a cost of T.1541.31 lakh. to implement the scheme in
We have received information that during the examination, the students received two parts of the questions written MNOP and QRST. eiksam where even the conductors of the examination are in the dark as to which question they should write,” said the complaint.
Meanwhile, Assam police entered the village in a timber truck and arrested the people who were working in their fields.
We have received and received the fire every moment.
Shillong, July 03: Former MPCC President DD Lapang on Tuesday said that the protest of the Congress MLAs to remove Dr Mukul Sangma from the post of Chief Minister has failed because they do not have the right to vote. you are united.
This was announced by Shri Yash Gurung, CEO & Founder Director, Asporea, Siliguri, and his officers at a meeting of the group on 27th November Planning Board, Govt of Meghalaya, Shillong.
Before the meeting, the HYC leaders showed their strong opposition to the Ordinance by burning the writings of the Ordinance at Stand Jaiaw.
On the other hand, he said that the party leaders will continue to monitor the illegal entry of foreigners into the state and the party will not allow them if they do not follow the rules and regulations. “I don't want to come to this state because it's a threat to our people,” he added.
New towns: Harleyburgh and Lumpyrdong.
They do not want to help those who are not of the same race, just as the priest and the Levite in Jesus' parable of the neighborly Samaritan did.
The incident happened at 10 pm on the National Highway-6 in Nongpoh when the truck number NL 01-G-6729 was parked on the side of the road. The driver of the truck (ML 05-Z-9460) collided with the vehicle and sustained serious injuries.
On the other hand, the Congress is ready to contest against the Prime Minister from South Tura and will announce its candidate in the coming days.
However, by taking many measures, the Bank has closed the accounts of those people who received part of the money and therefore, it has been able to recover T.649 crore. TT.820 crore or 79 per cent.
According to information, the government has actually allocated this amount (T.1.80 crore) to pay the salaries of the employees of the Housing Board for 15 months.
The Behdein khlam festival will be held for four days to ward off the Khlam which can come in the form of illness, illness, fever, hunger, evil of all kinds. in society and in economy and natural resources.
On the other hand, the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, said that no decision could be taken at the meeting because the people who accompanied the 11 persons turned up to the meeting. The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has also alleged that these 11 persons who have been invited have refused to sign their names in the register prepared by the Hima.
Meghalaya did not have a draw with Assam but lost to Uttarakhand.
Twenty children aged 8 to 13 years from Pynursla and Jowai have been taken to Sri Anusuya Dei Free Hostel run by Sri Nevidita Seva Trust in Hosur, Tamil Nadu. Barber Khonglam as President and Puramon Kynjing as General Secretary for the purpose of providing training.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: During the months of the tenure of CEM, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, illegal shops have increased in the market, but since the resignation of Bah Ardent, the number of illegal shops in the market has increased.
Upon the attack, it was reported that the Dkhars, came down and seized nar and rods, with the intention of bombing the members of the group, but fortunately, they managed to escape to the police station. forest, which is located in the area.
The foundation stone for the construction of the Crowborough Hotel was laid in
The Monolith Festival was last held in 2013 at the Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang as part of the tourist attraction.
Until yesterday, talks were going on to form a new government led by Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray and to work with the NCP and Congress as well, led by Sharad Pawar. Shillong: On the absence of the UDA from participating in the CEM election, Bindo L Lanong said, “We don't benefit from the participation of the UDA in the CEM election. we because we are only 14 members and we have already learned about the Chairman's bias.
Shillong: Seven new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in the state, three of them are from South West Garo Hills and one from West Garo Hills. , one in East Khasi Hills, one in West Khasi Hills.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“According to my personal understanding, I don't want to have that alliance with other parties to form a government because I have seen that in West Bengal, Tamil Nadu and UP when we went to “Our party is still small,” he said.
At the end of the programme, Bijit Khongsit, General Secretary of the BJP Kisan Morcha, Meghalaya Pradesh, recalled that the visit of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi Ji. four ethnic groups in this country are the uneducated, the youth, the women and the farmers; we have to work together for their good.
“Therefore, I request the law enforcement authorities to punish the robbers who have defamed the VPP according to the rules of law,” said Danny Langstieh.
The root cause lies in the very initial stage of these projects as mentioned above and that could have been avoided from the beginning; Measures should be taken to improve and create more opportunities to generate electricity in the state as a whole.
On the occasion, the 35th Anniversary of Ri Bhoi College was attended by Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi College. President of RBCAA, teachers, parents and students of the College.
De Paul struck in the 48th minute, but was saved by the French goalkeeper.
For those who believe so and especially those who throw down trees or throw down political parties, who insult and insult the Chief Minister, should know the facts that since 1875 Shillong Singh from Nongpoh has been opposed the decision of the Foreign Government to include the Khasi villages in Kamrup District.
The relatives of the deceased have gathered their graves to pray.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to give time to the three Regional Committees in charge of the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam to submit their reports by 31st November.
The number, which is 270 votes.
He requested the government to allow the opening of jhur shops like khaw shops and pharmacy shops so that the market can be operated every day with strict compliance with the rules and regulations laid down by the the Ministry of Health.
On this occasion, the male and female students showcased their talents in singing, dancing and in the beauty pageant in the presence of the teachers and the Principal. to Dr. Alicia Gatphoh.
Civic and political education should be given due attention to the needs of the people so that the citizens can fully understand and participate in the that politician.
We need to think again now so that we can avoid all these things so that they don't happen to us again.
He said that Process's illness shows that since he was in the UDP, he has fled to the Congress from the Congress and later to KHNAM. fled shortly afterwards.
The HNLC is also opposed to the summons of the party leaders, as it has created tension between them and government officials.
Shillong, June 04: The teachers of Adhoc Schools have vowed to hold a mass protest in Shillong after the SSLC and HSSLC examinations if the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government continues to ignore their demands.
Shillong: The district administration of East Khasi Hills, today said that 365 people from Manipur have fled to Meghalaya since the outbreak of the conflict in the state especially in Shillong.
The meeting convened by the Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong will be held tomorrow 26th July at Umlyngka Football Ground. preparations for the meeting went smoothly.
“The check gate at Byrnihat was empty at 8-9 pm.
“Therefore, as soon as we received information about the visit of the Minister, we held a placard rally to demand the establishment of government colleges and secondary schools in East Jaintia Hills District so that the children can avoid losing their classes,” he said.
Leaders of the Raid, including Bah Jibansius Ramshong, Secretary of the Raid, Bah Amberlight Masharing, Bah Aris Ryngkhang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawnohsynrum and others, explained to the public that the Raid has had to implemented through the Acting Sordar, because the former Sordarr of the Raid, did not respect the customs and traditions of the Khaddar rule and this led to his removal from the throne of Sordar.
“The character certificate is also not recognized as a gift deed,” said Bah Shylla, while announcing the summons to the Syiem, ministers and those involved in the ceremony held recently at Laitkor.
It is worth mentioning that the theft and misuse of money by the Project Director came to light after the department conducted an investigation into the matter.
This drink can reduce the body's inflammation and promote fatigue, reduce the amount of acid and lyer caused by excessive heat.
The residents of Jarain village have taken to the streets and marched inside the village with a slogan to demand from the Dolloi to remove the acting Waheh Shnong. planted without the consent of the people.
In this regard, the students have requested the MBOSE to help by restructuring the examination especially in social science.
“Right! It's 11:05 minutes"“It's not like you're going to sleep.
The SP said that the suspects and the weapons are still inside the Shallang Police Station, but will soon be handed over to the South Garo Hills Police Station. it falls into my sight.
The work is ongoing to provide clean drinking water to every household through the Jal Jeevan Mission.
Has God created this Khasi country, and led our ancestors to this country only for those little quality population? The blood and seed of the Hynniew Trep people have the first right to grow in population in their own country to the optimum level, and after that the quality or the national population will be considered. policy.
In KHADC, the UDA, which has 19 MDCs, now has 9 MDCs including 7 UDP, 2 HSPDP and 1 NPP. and it is up to him to do it,” said Lambor.
“We want an answer why people from the opposition and those who used to stand against the Congress and who came in just to get tickets after being rejected by their parties, were accepted instead of “The party workers who have been preparing to contest the elections for 10 years now,” said Robert K Sangma.
When asked, he replied that the difference between the Garo Land demand between the group and the ANVC is that the ANVC has drawn its own map while they have not prepared it yet. The preparation of the map should be agreed with the government to determine where the boundary will begin and end.
Speaking on the delay in the implementation of the ILP in the state, the Minister did not elaborate, but said that the BJP needs more MLAs in the state to be able to raise the issues related to the ILP. the people of the state.
India has adopted the Right to Education (RTE) that children up to Class VIII should be able to attend school without any restrictions.
On the other hand, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs said that as a group this is the first step for them to do such a good deed and hopefully even if it is a small donation, these families will accept it. May God bless you with the love and happiness of God and may this Christmas bring joy and hope to all.
D Nongsteng (23) and K Marbaniang (26) for Mylliem and Pynskemlang Jana (35+1) for Mawtawar.
He said that once the construction of the parking lots has been completed, it is expected that they will reduce the traffic jam especially when many of the residents park their vehicles in the areas of that road.
These three goals lasted until the end of the first half and Mulait was ready to win the title this season.
The Government should monitor and control the illegal activities and the authority of the people at the toll gates to increase the price as they want and charge as they want besides the fact that the vehicles have paid many kinds of taxes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MSOA Working President John F.Kharshiing said that it was at this meeting that the members of the Executive Committee of the MSOA came forward to set their schedule for the year The calendar of events, so that the preparation of the date of the events, will be part of the efforts to inform the State Government of the programs of the State Sports Associations, Those under the jurisdiction of the MSOA have their own programs or competitions to attend and participate in regional or national competitions.
He said that the exact date will be announced soon in the media. He hopes to get the support of the elderly, women, youth, especially from the The new state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma on the grounds that the film industry is one of the sources of employment and has also developed many tourist attractions in Meghalaya and can also bring fame. The honor of the State if it receives the full support of the people and the State Government.
You must leave if you want to Cleave18.
The Sengbhalang has always informed the State Government that they are not against the construction of the Railway Line for the development of the State but their demand is that the Government should build a railway line. shwa by law prohibiting foreigners from the state.
When the government through the PWD department is constructing roads around the city and in the villages, shouldn't the village headmen ensure that the construction of the road is in accordance with the requirements of the PWD rules? Why don't the village headmen talk about these shortcomings in the construction of roads from any of the works in which public money has been spent?
A strong wind has damaged seven houses and destroyed houses in Ïooksi Kyanmynsar village, Thlongmoo village in Laskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking as the chief guest, Pathak said that according to the number of farmland in India, traditional farming methods are very important in agriculture which is used by farmers across the country. country.
The question arises, why does our state have a lot of mynder in all parts of Shillong or even in the rural areas, the main reason is that most of us as young people have the desire to work. that you small you ria.
Out of 6.30 lakh households, 2.61 lakh households have been provided with drinking water.
Up to 8 teams from Mairang Civil Sub Division, Mawthadraishan and Nongstoin C&RD Block have participated in the tournament. there will be a total of 168 games.
Hundreds of farmers from different parts of Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia came to support the FKJGP including Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, General Secretary of the FKJGP. FKJGP, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh and others.
Police from Mairang Police Station and Crime Scene Unit from CID Shillong on receiving a tip on the incident rushed to the scene to conduct further investigation. detailed.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located about 3 kilometers from Resubelpara in Garo Hills of Meghalaya.
The truth is – “He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not” (John 1:11).
The union also found that there are no locks on the shop fronts and in the darkness of the night, it makes it difficult for criminals to rob.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 25: The SELDD of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi through the Agency for Sustainable Development Initiative (AfSDI), has arranged to hold the Shillong Run-10 K, 2023 on 12th July 2023 from 5:30 pm starting from Parking Lot, Polo.
“Water and rivers have no boundaries and when it comes to important issues related to water and the environment, it is necessary for the states and countries of the world to have a dialogue and consensus.
They hated and hated Father Stan Swamy and wanted to silence him.
They go to Mawryngkneng and Mawphlang while petrol and diesel prices are increased every day.
He said that besides being a national party, the party is also known as the voice of the states of the North East.
Mary received excellent training through these coaches.
The incident has been going on for a long time and there are many people who have suffered from this incident.
The General Council will be held on the 16th of March at the State Central Library at 11 am.
East Khasi Hills opened the scoring through Bankyrshanlang Kharkongor (10) and Arkimeai Kharkongor (19), while Shanborlang Khongjee (45 & 49) converted two goals for Ri Bhoi.
Kilapara in the Garo Hills is the site of the weapons of the soldiers who fought in the 1971 war between India and Pakistan in what is now Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 19: On the 18th of July at 3 pm, a petrol bomb was detonated at the house of Francis Dkhar in Lyngkyrding.
On the other hand, the state government is looking forward to working together in the development of digital services in the state for the benefit of the people and for the development of the state. " said the CM of the state.
He said that the government has a plan for the scheme and now it is necessary to get the funds to build the roads under the PMGSY. railroads and waterways.
Where is the Government, I ask again, even if we are together? In other Governments that have passed, they don't ask, discuss, discuss, express their opinions? Why do other Governments?
Speaking at the rally were BJP leaders and candidates such as Mariahom Kharkrang, Sanbor Shullai, Ernest Mawrie and AL Hek.
RM Kurbah, who has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, will now take over as the new DC of East Khasi Hills District from SC Sadhu who has been transferred as Director. Community & Rural Development Department of the State.
“If only 10,000 feet have received T.5 lakh, how many crores have been collected from these large burial grounds,” said Minister Nongkhlaw.
Speeches were also delivered by Matsiewdor War Nongbri and others including CP Marak, Naba Bhattacharjee, Carmo Noronha and DrM Nongrum of NESFAS. Speaking to reporters, the residents of Narpuh Elaka have protested against the proposal of Star Cement to expand the mining area. In Brichynot, he said that the forest department will not allow anything if they dig inside the sensitive zones.
He said that next month the party will issue an announcement and after that, new NPP Blocks will be formed in which the MLAs who have joined the NPP will lead as Presidents.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that Baikam village has appeared in the survey after the signing of the MOU between Meghalaya and Assam last year, in which seven villages have been arranged. that bag is not pud.
With this victory, Ryntih has now moved up to fourth position with 7 points from 3 games.
“If the Meghalaya government cannot implement the demands of the land vendors, the group of about 1500 land vendors will not hesitate to find other ways to force the government,” she said. Row.
Shillong, July 10: Two boxers from Upper Shillong, Shanborlang Marbaniang and Jarapborsing Kharbani, will represent the Meghalaya Pro Boxing Council (MPBC) for the 10th time. The Pro Boxing Tournament will be held in Mumbai on the 12th of July (tomorrow) at Planet Hollywood Thane.
Therefore, we must pray, because only God can see/hear. Let us pray that He will speak to their hearts and protect us from evil. Amen.
“The Shillong Ropeway Project will have 12 cables initially and the engineers will build them in the same manner as the Europeans,” he said. The Arts & Culture (SICPAC), which was opened last year, has not yet been handed over to the government.
After the meeting with Sonia Gandhi, Pynshngaiñ said he will meet with AICC Vice President Rahul Gandhi tomorrow to discuss the same issue.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that Adelbert should not act drama but should read the rules of procedure.
Besides these, he also erected many stones around the eastern Jaintia Hills such as Raliang and Labang Nangphyllut.
Hey readers of all India newspapers not only local English newspapers.
Expressing his confidence that there will be UDP MDCs who will support him, he said that the party law does not apply in KHADC and the CEC order may not apply this time. 10th Schedule cannot apply in KHADC, Ar maloi Act or Article 191 cannot apply, who knows if the CEC order cannot apply there,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ. your scheme.
Speeches were delivered by the members of the Lumshnong Dorbar Shnong and also by the Assistant Manager of CSR Star Cement, Kingshok Borah.
Tura, Naitung 15 : The ACHIK today held a public meeting to demand that Tura should be made the Tlang capital of the state.
In East Jaintia Hills District, two persons who tested positive for Covid-19 have recently returned from outside the state.
A short speech on the school was delivered by Ms. ML Diengdoh.
He said the union has also demanded that the government should build more buildings to make the college safe and free from overcrowding.
The High Court of Meghalaya on the 5th of this month has ordered the state government to suspend all examinations and interviews for recruitment due to the lack of a roster system in the State Reservation. Policy.
John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners in the presence of leaders of sports federations from other states in the region.
Special prizes were also awarded to Abha Nongrum, 5, and Shyamali Chakraborty,
Through the Chief Minister Social Assistance Scheme, the government provides food aid to the disabled, single mothers and the elderly who have at least 50,000 people in the state.
It is not good for the Dorbar Shnongs to turn their politics to the right or to the left.
About 300 runners from the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District took part in the race. Young men and women, as well as elders and women including Bah Swonding Mawlong, Bah Tlanding Wahlang and Kong Kmoin Wahlang.
To those teachers who have completed the requirements, the government has paid a salary of 19,044 per month in SSA LP Schools and 20,493 per month in SSA UP Schools.
Rupin's defeat came after a 1-3 defeat to Iranian sprinter Poya Soulat Dad Marz in the final.
“If the government does not take action on this issue, it is because the government has lied,” she said.
Amidst the clashes between the people and the police in Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills on Friday, the Public Hearing at the headquarters of Meghalaya Cements Limited went smoothly. Please support this dewbilat factory.
One of these youths, who is a drug dealer in Shillong and is 25 years old, said that he used to sell drugs to Khasi and to these youths. He said that he bought the drugs from Garoline in Laitumkhrah.
The church has held the same program in Nongstoin, for the purpose of distributing tins and sniang to the poor and the program was held on Saturday last month at the Bridge of The program was conducted by Rev. KS Mawlong in the presence of Nongstoin MDC LG Nongsiej as the chief guest, Mawiong Pyndengrei Rangbah S. Marngar, Filling Lyngdoh, Mawiong Pyndengrei. Didymus, members of the church, and others.
There are 25 recoveries today.
Not only did they search the vehicles carrying goods, but they also accused the traders of being smugglers who wanted to smuggle goods to Bangladesh,” said Nongrem.
Therefore, many foreigners do not want to leave our village.
Clean Cookstoves were also distributed to the beneficiaries under the CSR initiative of the Global Himalayan Expedition.
Cardinal Telesphore Placidus Toppo, the retired Archbishop of Ranchi, passed away on Tuesday at the age of
On the occasion, the speakers demanded that the MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma should upgrade the Mawsynram C&RD Block to a Civil Sub-Division as it is the oldest block in the country. The state has been established since 1960 during the rule of the Assam Government and has now turned 60 years old.
Sohra district election issue.
Emlangky Lamare MDC of the constituency was the chief guest, Edmund Lamare Head of Sonapyrdi, Hambertus Nongtdu Head of Byndihati and other invitees.
It may be recalled that on 27th November 2018, the House approved the recognition of the Khasi language as the official language, but it could not be sent to the Government of India. there are some irregularities in the text contained in the decision of the State Legislative Assembly.
These people say that they can avoid traffic jam in Shillong.
The 22 groups were divided into five groups.
Mall passed away on the 10th of this month and has made a great contribution to the country in his service.
As usual, the women's side of the feast, especially those who have nothing.
Khongjirem was summoned for violating the order of the High Court by continuing to issue village certificates to the residents for use in their bank accounts and also to those who apply. to various government scheme.
Other winners of the Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 subtitle awards include Genelia Dkhar as Miss Catwalk, Palei M Chyne as Miss Talented, Gracie Nandy as Miss Personality and Denice Kharkongor as Miss Personality. Photogenic.
Mr. Airpeace Rani will be the host of the Bible Study.
How much more, they will turn it into a business hub for our Jaintia people so that they can benefit themselves if in 2023 they can still be our leaders, because of the fact that these Jaintia politicians are ours. They do not lead us to bring about the development of the area as a whole but they lead for their own benefit and that of their relatives together with their closest officials, while the public and Both families and families are suffering in all areas from the lack of jobs for the educated youth to the basic necessities on a daily basis.
But I don't know why he is busy or why we haven't been able to meet yet,” he added.
“The Don Bosco Technical School will be a large group that will work with the state government to support and assist each other and to achieve the goals and aspirations that we have in common and to achieve them,” he said. said the Prime Minister.
Righteousness is the mother of human life...” Righteous rule and justice are above all these things and righteousness does not discriminate or discriminate against fellow human beings or fellow creatures.
To encourage and allow the youth to participate in these days, there were various games, Cultural Show Competition where Pamrakmai Church was the first winner, Sohkymphor Church was the second winner and Cham Cham Church as the third winner, and also a Debate Competition on the topic of Youth and Mobile Phone in the Modern Age was won by Samla Juliana Lyngdoh from Rangad Church. Rev. Fr James Eleazar Bareh Spiritual Youth Director as the Chief Priest and empowered the new Office Bearers of the Seng.
Nongstoin, June 28: The SWAT of Shallang, West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday night, arrested another Achik National Liberation Army (ANLA) cadre from another place in Shallang, West Khasi Hills.
The state has 12 active cases of Covid-19 and the district with the highest number of cases is East Jaintia Hills with 3 cases.
“The aim of setting up this children's park is to enable children to play thousands of hours and play in the areas surrounded by trees and forests,” he said at the ribbon cutting ceremony. park.
The markets which are held once a day in Sohra, Mawsynram and Pynursla are the markets where many goods whether handicrafts or agricultural products are imported from Ri War.
The Jewish people did not use this word much in the Old Testament but Jesus used this word when He prayed to God and to say 'Father' or 'ABBA'
“When he was in the Congress, he was one of the leaders who had hoped to sit on the throne but now he has to become a supporter of others to sit on the throne,” he said.
The Union would like to thank the people who donated Bolero Pick ups, S Fourwheels to deliver the stones to the road maintenance sites and the people who came out for this public work.
Warlangpih said that many of the shops selling meat in the market have now had to close down due to the lack of cows and if you get rugs, the price of cows has increased excessively.
Nongpoh, Nailar 29: The Raid Nongpoh under the leadership of the new Lyngdoh, Bah Linus Lyngdoh, Secretary, Bah S.Syngkli and Longsan Mansan today visited the Nomiwel Memorial Secondary School by donating money to the school to address the shortcomings of the school.
However, the French, besides being a wise and intelligent man, also had a trick that surpassed Myrsiang. When he felt that he could no longer enter the village, he started a trick in which He went to Mynso village at a high price to lead the French from another place or forest road, and it was through these people (neighbours) that the French They crossed the Leshka River and walked slowly until they reached Ramu and Nangrim Hills and there the French defeated the troops of Daloi Myllon and They took away the wealth of thousands and gold and silver of the Nong Mynso and gave it to those people (neighbors) who led them to fulfill the promise they had made.
However, at that time, the Syiem Khynnah, the chairman of the meeting, said that the meeting of the Dorbar should not be used to show power and he rejected the issue brought by the opposition. The Council has not ordered a dorbar to be held.
Nongpoh: Green House, Lawbyrwa Lower Primary School, Ri Bhoi District, has won the three-day Sports Tournament at Lawbyrwa Village Sports Ground in Ri Bhoi District. and defeat all of the other Houses in the school.
He said that the union has met many times with the PWD officers. However, each time these officers have promised to take action and inform the government to allocate new funds from the PWD officers. The construction of the building has been completed but no signs have been seen yet.
Not only that, the union demands that the DC should take immediate action as it demanded on these coal mining factories last month. They are the factory organizations but they should provide the documents before working and should employ the Khasi in the jobs they can.
Members of the Khasi Student Union-Laban Circle have left this morning to build a house at Maxwelton Estate in Laban to accommodate the students as a sign to the government that it cannot stop. to the foreigners who live illegally in this area.
The purpose of establishing a district in any area of ​​the state is to bring about development in all aspects.
The HSPDP candidate from Mawkynrew constituency, Bah Martle N Mukhim, has criticized the government for treating the people in all areas.
NARI/1917iTEAMS Petrol Pump.
During the hearing, the state government has requested time to talk to the central government or the road department for the release of funds to the state for the improvement of roads.
The discussion on the congestion of the roads in Shillong has been heated lately.
The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday set up a Delimitation Committee to look into the allocation of land for the constituencies of the JHADC. public hearing on this matter.
In this autumn session of the Legislative Assembly, we saw that there was an MLA from the opposition who brought an adjournment motion on an issue but he himself did not stand up to support that issue. bring it to the meeting.
After this, a public service was conducted by Homeland Lamar who also burnt the sharak while Rev.HH.Mohrmen gave the words of encouragement to the members of the church.
“We have authorized the police to take the necessary action and I have already spoken to the SP (City) and now the police are in the process of searching for them,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. and the media.
I'm sorry I'm going to hold my hands, Wow, I'm going to hold my hands.
The land for the construction of the college was donated by the people of Mawphlang Hima.
On the other hand, the Site Engineer of NHIDCL, said that the cutting and clearing of the hills for the construction of the road, has been completed about 75 out of 100 and now only a few hills remain. part within the villages in Nongstoiñ to be completed.
Pynshai-i Lynthong scored the first goal for Pdengkarong in the 73rd minute.
Justice W.Diengdoh said that the main purpose of this program is to raise awareness among the public on the assistance they should receive as citizens and through such a meeting it will be a bridge to guide them. to access such resources in their time of need.
How can I ask ? Does the Minister of Electricity know about this or does he just want to keep quiet about it? Ko Myntri Rangbha, are there any new projects that you have announced when only those that need your attention cannot be done for the welfare of the residents? HSSLC and Resol SSLC were announced last month.
Mawsadang SS beat United Christian SS 2-4 in the tie-breaker and H Elias HSS beat District War Sepngi HSS 1-0
However, it is surprising that the JHADC has allocated these check points to private individuals who have taken only a small amount of money which has not benefited the Council at all. There has been a severe financial crisis since the closure of the coal mine.
At a public meeting in Himachal Pradesh, Ranaut said, “I want to make it clear to you that apart from Amitabh Bachchan, I am the only one who has received the love and respect of all those in office. and movies”.
This is not the last meeting but it is the beginning and we will continue to meet with them,” he said.
He said that as of now there are about 57 illegal coal mining factories in the Shallang area.
The Minister said that this decision was taken taking into account the feelings of the people.
Out of these 11.3 million, no one has been able to count and even the Government has not been able to count.
Nongstoiñ, March 12 : The Meghalaya government has decided to supply electricity through the RGVVY scheme funded by the central government to three villages in Langpih area including Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap and First, it has been suspended since its implementation.
The following is an excerpt from the petition and translated into Khasi: “Hey, Sir MS Akbar Hydari, KCSI, ICS, Governor of Assam, Honorable Governor, We are the women of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. We have a great and special role in these hills because of the customs and traditions based on ethnicity and inheritance...Khasi and Jaintia women are skilled in jobs and inheritance. compared to other women living in the south.
The only thing I remember is that 'Ñi Lam was a man who didn't wait for anyone and he said 'ïa noh' you have to get up and leave if you don't get up quickly. the road you went.
Taking into account all these, the MDA government has introduced a new approach, which will benefit the youth in such times of unemployment.
“The department has advised the Chief Technical Adviser to extend the retirement period of M. Bora, who is retiring as a member of Generation (MeECL) for another 10 years,” he said.
Driving without insurance will cost T.2,000, driving without helmet will cost T.1,000 and will be banned for three months and overloaded vehicles will have to pay T.20,0
On the other hand, the secretary said that even the district authorities are well aware that it is a disputed area.
Explaining the work, he said that while other films have about 25 or 30 characters and about 40 background characters, an episode of Bharat Hain Hum has about 50 to 100 ordinary people and about 50 background images.
Speaking to members of the union in Sonapyrdi, the foreign passengers expressed their deep sorrow and regret over the hours of traffic jam. They were very hungry and could not even get water to drink because there were no shops in the area where they were stuck in the traffic.
Gujarat Police have arrested Gokhale from the airport for posting on Twitter that Modi had spent Rs 30 crore during his visit to the Morbi Bridge. In recent months, more than 100 people have died in Gujarat.
Shillong, Lber 10: U West Shillong MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh today lodged a complaint in the House against the drug trafficking in Mawprem area and Shillong city which has destroyed the lives of youths.
Shillong, November 29: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) led by the President of North West Khasi Hills, Bah Bobby Basaiawmoit, Genl.
The NPP MLA's remarks came after Congress Leader Vincent Pala on Tuesday said that the central government under the leadership of the Congress party has invested a lot of development works in the state. The party has been involved in the establishment of NEHU, IIM Shillong, NIFT Shillong, NEIGRHIMS and other development projects in the state.
No more coal will be allowed to be transported after 15th June, 2016 and all the coal mined will be at the discretion of the state government to act according to the law with due regard to the environment,” said the NGT bench. including Chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar.
The Czechs have now qualified for the quarterfinals of the European Championship.
The money was handed over to two persons identified as Amit Dalu and Rupon Das from Garo Hills.
Teachers of Government, Private and SSA Schools shall not be included in the Provincialisation.
She said that the prisoners were shot inside the jail but the authorities in charge of the jail did not take any action to inform the authorities.
The JSU has alleged that the JHTOA does not need the ILP and if the ILP is implemented, the JHTOA will lose out because it will no longer have the opportunity to take advantage of our people. The state is the largest coal mine in Manla.
She questioned why Modi did not join the Christian Church first, as he said he had invited persecuted Christians from other countries to come and live here.
Spending energy on exercise and other activities can reduce the amount of time spent on sleep.
