Not only is there a slight shortage but because it belongs to the Government and many of the patients are poor and rural, those who receive Bapli treatment are being exploited and discriminated against.
The deceased include the mother of Smilinda Mawnai, Convention Mawnai, Barisha Mawnai, Storshon Mawnai and Stebenshon.
After the Holy Mass, various programs were followed by songs, dances and musical performances before the youths left for their homes. be the authority to bring light to other youth that as the youth of the Church they should be the future of the Church and of society.
Meanwhile, ED Nongsiang, President of Retired Deficit School Teachers, reminded the state government not to forget to provide the rightful benefits to the retired deficit teachers.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Kerala by 136 runs in the opening match of the BCCI's U-23 T20 League in Kochi today.
Regarding the assistance to the Sutnga area, he said that at present the Government of India has suspended the distribution of schemes to the MPs due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but as much as possible, he will assist those in need. work of this village.
He said that the presence of jynkieng jri has benefited from the unity of the villages, the unity and most importantly, they have brought blessings in terms of income to the villagers. tourism industry.
Shopkeepers, remember that a smiling face attracts customers.
Purno is not suitable for riding a motorcycle and I found this out when we came to a meeting in a village in Jirang Constituency.
In the final of the tournament on Saturday night, Karnataka opened the scoring in the second minute through M Sunil Kumar. .
Does the DC know this, if he does the question is why he didn't implement it.
With four goals from Marbaniang in the 74th, 79th, 87th and 90+5 minutes, Jyntru scored 9 goals and beat Laitryngew by 5 goals. .
They visited the rooms and met with the Principal of the school to inquire about the accommodation.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Lyngkhoi said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi area has decided to set up a union to take action against the influx of Mynder. Their gathering was only from Umiam to Nongsder.
Although we are small paid, we don't see any reason to prevent us from continuing to live according to our customs and traditions.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who was the chief guest, congratulated the Young Minds Association for taking the initiative to build a statue to commemorate his work and contribution. Dr DD Lapang in Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole, where people are still proclaiming his work even in his old age.
This happened after the player touched and slapped the referee who was conducting the quarterfinal of the FA Cup; even after the team suffered a defeat against Manchester United in their match last month.
Shillong, March 24: Police have recovered a body from a truck at Nongjri on the 22nd of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh Myntri, congratulated the leaders of the RBTEDF and especially Bah Pliellad Tiewsoh, Chairman of the RBTEDF, for their initiative to hold the RBTEDF. Sohtrun Festival, which is also one of the ways to help in the development and encouragement of Sohtrun farmers in Ri Bhoi.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) said the earthquake, which struck the country on Saturday, struck about 35 kilometers (20 miles) from the northeast of the country. Heart, with a magnitude of 6.3 on the Richter scale.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that the demand of the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on the adjustment and change in the recruitment quota in the state is not a matter of the government. to benefit or benefit any political party, but it is a matter that the nation has long wanted.
However, after this, the cultivation of soh and kwai tympew declined and the people began to suffer.
She also urged the farmers to find new ways and means according to the technology in the field of agriculture in collaboration with the office of the DHO and DAO. On the other hand, Dr. Sankey Shangpung, He said that agriculture is an occupation that the old people have lived to earn to feed their families and he also praised the ability to produce many kinds of Soh and musli musla which can be used for farming. available in the markets within the District and abroad.
At present, the bank has three ATMs and one is for depositing money and besides these there is also another ATM to update the passbooks but only one ATM is working while the bank is working. Many of them have been damaged and have not been working for about 1 year.
It is worth mentioning that the EM of KHADC in charge of the Elaka Department, recently, visited Madan Umwang village, to resolve the issues that have arisen in the village. Mawshut village, which falls under the Raid Iapngar of Mawlasnai area, has been reported.
Of course, there is no difference between eating and drinking, but if you get Vanarasi sohpieng and sohmyngken khnai, you are the best.
Therefore, the residents are requested to come out in order on that day so that the cleanliness can be completed in order.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 16,262 and the death toll has risen to 199, with six deaths from East Khasi Hills.
“We can only pay the salaries of our employees.
From the years BC until 32 AD these things were kept secret from the Jews in Jerusalem.
Those who have registered should arrive at the Eastside Inn before 7 pm.
He said that although the ILP resolution was passed in the House in 2019, but when the resolution was sent to the Government of India, it has not yet been approved.
One CRPF officer was reportedly killed and allegedly shot dead by a CRPF colleague at the scene.
Shillong: U DP MDC Bindo M Lanong has said that he intends to contest the MP election from the UDP Shillong seat. UDP leaders, but he did not receive a reply.
I myself grow tympew, I cook ja, I carry guns, you can't say that you are rich,” said Bah Cherish.
The people elect the Syiem and can remove him from the throne if he is found to be ruling too much.
The law enforcement agencies, which should monitor such cases, should take strong action against such opponents.
“We have 28 foreign delegates from 18 countries now.
Speaking to u Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Bah Sanbor said that work speaks louder than words and only a good public servant knows the truth and people who find out only in words. they have not produced anything.
This revolution abolished the monarchy and established democracy by establishing a National Assembly in which the people elected leaders to the National Assembly on the basis of liberty. ) and equality.
Digital activities for financial inclusion not only financial inclusion has been an area of ​​attention in recent years.
In the letter to the Governor, the ARPA has written to the Governor to hold the CEM elections in KHADC and said that at present the ARPA is still in the middle of the majority and has 16 MDCs supported it.
“If you have evidence why don't you go to the law, if there are so many allegations against the NPP-led Government, please go according to the rules of law because nothing can be hidden if there is “It's not like that,” said Prestone.
These statements were made by the office bearers of the Union after an inspection on Saturday, where they found that these bridges, which are also the most important bridges in the state, have been destroyed. they are no longer safe for the movement of heavy vehicles.
The meeting will start at 11 pm at Madan Malki.
The suspect was identified as Bikash Goyal, a resident of Rohini area of ​​Delhi.
It is learned that these two men were on their way to the wedding ceremony of Remius's brother from Dawki and when they returned they received information from a foreigner that he had tell them not to climb anymore because there have been robbers who have thrown stones in the middle of the road.
Gradually we see the temptations of people from the Old Testament to the New Testament.
As a result, we will stop buying at a discount.
The truck was part of a convoy of three trucks leaving Chatten for Thangu.
“Don't come to Sohiong with the power of money to buy the people with love,” he said. “As a new MLA, he doesn't want to be an MLA but also a legislator in the House. Thawaiñ is the state.
Also on January 2, police in collaboration with the National Security Forces arrested a LeT supporter, identified as Tanveer Ahmad Wani, son of Bashir. Ahmad Wani is a resident of Daramdora.
The whole reason for this continuation of mining and marketing is the cooperation between the law enforcement agencies and the coal owners from the mining site to the transportation route and to the unloading point.
The desire of the Assamese to quarry stone from this area is because it is a threat to the Meghalaya government and it is also a sneaky attempt to cross the border and take over the land.
Boldly he pleaded, fortunately those others were also pleased.
These days many leaders have become merely scheme distributors, public distributors because they don't understand the ideas of leaders, or legislators because they don't know the law. These days, many of those who contest elections are rich by buying and selling to the people with money at the price of 500 spah 1000 shi thousand just to win the election.
In this regard, they said that if the Garo people do not get to contest or vote in the KHADC, it is necessary to set up a GHADC in Khasi Hills to look after and protect the Garo people in Khasi Hills.
She said that the use of the CISF will not be for many years as the government intends to allow the mining of coal using force and the issuance of licenses according to the rules of law which can lead to the mining of coal. it doesn't mine coal as a job that doesn't attract many people.
According to research, he said, sohphan can produce up to 200 soh per year and can produce soh weighing up to 60 kilos.
She also urged the teachers to work hard to reduce the part-time dropout rate of the students.
It may be recalled that after the cleaning of the plastic, the last two matches of the Second Division League, as well as the final of the Meghalaya State League, football, were played at home. final of the North Eastern Council (NEC) and the Shillong Sports Association tournament.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member of KHADC Titosstarwell Chyne said that the session of the KHADC will start on 27th March 2020 and will last for two or three days.
It may be recalled that the 30th of November is celebrated every year as the special day of Sngap Sing Syiem. A book or dulir on how to preserve the land and customs and traditions of the Hima in the past years, was led by Bah Tolintine Wahlang, Secretary of the Hima. Hima at the door.
In October 2023, law enforcement officials identified Roy Chudhury as a suspect in the case by finding his DNA through food he threw inside the garbage dump nearby at the time of the incident.
The Traffic Police Department in collaboration with the Jowai Municipal Board has conducted a raid on the vendors who have crossed the footpaths.
Besides the improvement of the village roads in Mawphlang, the allocation of funds has also been allocated for the construction of the road behind Law Kyntang.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : Nongdawah CC and Cricket Lovers won the 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association on Friday.
The 2nd Division and 3rd Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) has now reached the quarter-finals of the 16th round.
Many of the students in the state don't know about CUET,” said Ernest Mawrie.
“According to the rules, parents have to give permission and take responsibility if a driver who has a Learner License drives a vehicle with gears and if anything happens they have to take responsibility,” he said. SP. He said that the Traffic Police have been vigilant and anyone who violates the rules will be punished according to the rules of law.
Bareh said the four persons including his wife Relangti Suchiang and three children Phida Aiti Suchiang (7), Theiwanki Suchiang (6) and Wankanidale Suchiang (5) were discharged from the hospital. the day of Hathmajai.
In the second leg, Marbisu beat Nongkwei 3-0
The fear and opposition of the indigenous people of the State and the region who have been invaded and forcibly confiscated by foreigners from within and outside the State is justified.
In another incident, another youth, Prakash Pantati, escaped by throwing himself from a hill, saying that those who wanted to kidnap him were armed men. The youth, who is from Selenghat Gohainbari, said that the youths had also threatened to kill him.
The BSF said that although they have patrolled many places where they have received information that they are cattle smugglers, the smugglers are creating new routes.
According to Bah Syiem, the public campaign to implement the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act in the state has reached 30 years but the MLAs have not yet understood the need for this Act to protect women.
Many of these companies are located in Jaintia Hills district.
Trump also accused the US of declining income, rising prices and even in relations with other neighboring countries. more than ever because it is Biden who cannot relate to other countries.
The Jinglong bru is not light or the shortcomings of the light.
Esterwis Ryngkhlem, who is also the Organizing Secretary of the JYF, said that the President of the JYF has demanded T.5 lakh from him by SMS. At the same time, he alleged that the complaint of Bah Ryngkhlem, which he demanded, has something wrong.
We must understand the situation at such times, we must protect the people and we must not run away but before we do anything we must follow the rules of law,” said Lahkmen.
There is no better teaching than to show by good deeds and example.
The earthquake struck 45 kilometers near Champhai in Mizoram.
There are also those who appear in the form of religious people who pretend to be gods.
As a private individual and contractor, Bah Ban said that many contractors have now benefited from the introduction of the scheme in Mawlai village through the Megh Building Welfare Board, Shillong. He also urged the employees to approach the Commissioner of Labor to benefit from various schemes.
The president of HITO, Donbok Dkhar, said that these gates will not benefit the council if run by private individuals, but will benefit only a few council leaders who don't think about the future. It was also alleged that the gate managers have not been able to provide proper accounts to the council as they should have.
On the same day, various awards were distributed from the outstanding players who have brought glory to the district, health centers who have provided excellent services to the people, and others. You can take part in the march pass.
The union has also decided to request a copy of the Land Survey to know the areas and villages where the government intends to run the railway line and after receiving the copy, the union will go back. “It is to explain to the affected villages that they should not be deceived by these brokers who come to buy land only for their own benefit,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
A meeting was held at Mawlyngngot Village, Mawkynrew Constituency today to distribute soh tree seedlings to the residents of the area. fertilizer without the use of chemicals.
He said that the main objective of conducting such programs across the country is to remember the deeds of those heroes who fought for freedom and so that we can know about the rights and history of country.
ft and another to build a Municipal Complex on the area of ​​21 thousand Sq.
However, the Dorbar Shnong has lifted the curfew on the 25th of June.
Police said that according to the ejahar and threat to shoot Niman Shadap with a pistol, they will have to investigate and if they find out the truth, they will have to arrest Laloo. under section 506 which is not bailable.
Today's order is the second order issued after the previous order of 10th July
Sadly, in one of the households at the time of the storm, there were children but with a quick mind they went to bed and escaped injury.
A court in Saudi Arabia on Sunday said that Saudi Arabia's leader King Salman has suffered from rheumatoid arthritis and will continue to undergo treatment for these illnesses. that you have everything.
He added that if the authorities in charge of the PWD (Roads) which take over the road allow the contractor to do whatever he wants, it means that in the next six months, the contractors will be able to do whatever they want. you can't reach your goal.
The union will also hold a public meeting against these killers to urge the authorities to punish these killers according to the rules of law and to imprison them for life. If the robbers escape from jail, it will be a serious threat not only to the drivers but also to the public.
“Those residents who have been forcibly evicted and forcibly destroyed their houses, you should rebuild them, give back their land and not to destroy their dwelling places.
Immoral : means speaking or doing immoral, rude, immoral, immoral or any words or actions that are against the human dignity in society.
At the same time, he urged that there should be no discrimination in religion and customs and as fellow human beings, we should respect each other. This year's harvest.
During the investigation, they revealed that the suspect had gone to Dabigre village on 11th June 2022 to buy power and demanded T.50,000 from him. and they slew him, and cast his body into Baalzech-adim.
These two MDCs have donated to the Relief Fund out of concern over the spread of Coronavirus, which has not stopped yet. .
The new office bearers of the KSU Namdong Area Unit are: President Kitboklang M Lamare, Vice President: Wadbor Pale, General Secretary: Juhhi Tariang, Assistant General Secretary: Marbudki Pale, Organizing Secretary Tesmiki Tariang, Education Secretary Heibor Lamare, Publicity Secretary Donbok Ksoo, Sport Secretary Emlangki Pasi, Finance Secretary Rimiki War, Assistant Finance Richard Susngi including 40 members.
The entire country has mourned and expressed its condolences.
Police sources said that the bike (AS 01 BC 3350) was on its way to Guwahati, but when it reached the scene, it was also a remote area. Prabhakar Medhi, also from Nongniah, and Subrata Pukone, from Guwahati, fell on the road and died on the spot.
The village and these organizations have expelled him and warned him not to come to the village.
On the part of the Dorbar Shnong, we would also like to thank the police of Thanat Madanrting under the leadership of Sir Barman, who have helped us in such a time when darkness has ruled the crowd.
The incident happened at 11:00 am this morning but no one was injured in the incident but it caused a traffic jam and affected the traffic of the people passing through the bridge. .
He said that the cleaning of the Umkhrah River is only an attempt as the project to clean up the river will take about 6-7 years for the Seng.
He urged those who stand in various positions to listen and think carefully that the word of God should bring good.
The body was sent for post mortem.
Every day 14 children use tobacco in Meghalaya, while in India, up to 5500 children smoke every day.
Speaking to reporters on Friday before attending the G7 summit, US officials said the purpose of the sanctions at this time was to punish Russia in terms of and its difficulties in obtaining weapons and supplies on the battlefield.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Thombor Shiwat said that the deficit budget is not the first time that the council has tried and has not hesitated to meet the needs of the council. council not to go ahead.
Pangniang said the HSPDP will meet with the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma before he meets with the Chief Minister of Assam on border issues.
“Meghalaya has many sports clubs and the organization of sports to promote football,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The opposition MLAs of the Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) have disagreed with the excessive number of days of the dorbar tlang as they will not be able to discuss many issues that affect the state.
John Wick is a 2014 action film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad.
Through this report, the people will understand to what extent they can trust their lives to the Government,” demanded the group.
Entertainment and sports news : kids can get a lot of sports entertainment and news.
Dr. VJ Laloo spoke on the Poshan Abhiyan to train the residents to eat healthy foods to avoid infection. The state is most affected by anemia in children and anemia.
He said the north needs to express itself for others to know.
Furthermore, on this occasion, there was also the distribution of awards to the Samla Kur who have passed well in various subjects and the honoring of all the Riew Rangbah and Longkmie who have donated generously for the expenses of the Kur. The Fourth Dorbar Bah of the Kur Mawrie.
The month of July ended and the month of June came.
He said the PH of the water is 3.4 so far.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers have urged the law enforcement authorities and the village authorities to take action against this incident, as these shops in these areas have been subjected to robbery and theft. The village authorities have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station to track down the suspects.
The court has directed the officer investigating the incident to submit the Case Diary on the 17th of this month which is the second day for the hearing of the two.
When they are in the hills, in the fields, and in the fields, and in the fields, they put the besli, the mieng or the sla.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 06: Mawlieh Upper Primary School and Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School will compete for the title of the 14-year-old boys tournament. District Level Inter-School Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District at Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
Shillong: The Quran, the holy book of Muslims, was released on Saturday.
“The Acha Din or the good day as promised by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not come true yet but it has created many problems for the people,” he said. Delhi just six days after coming to power has failed to fulfill its promises.
Time passed for more than two months and Gratia became very good at the job.
Besides, they did not have the Utilization Certificate including Bills, Vouchers, Cash Memos and other bank accounts of those people who carried out this work.
The photographer said that after they had walked around to shoot, they came to the place of writing and at that time, many of them had eaten and drunk well, but they did not offer him anything.
He said that what the government needs in fact is to arrest those policemen who shot dead the four persons because the arrest of the perpetrators is a subject mandated by the Constitution. Country to state governments to pay.
They said the main reason is the negligence of the Meghalaya government to assist the border residents through the development schemes of various departments of the state government.
And if not, it is time for each and every one of us, especially those leaders of the civil society and the rulers, to cleanse the stain of slavery so that our nation will not be led. bakla forever and ever.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The cold storage facility at Dielang Mawiong Market was built specifically for the farmers to store their produce, but has been converted into a cold storage facility due to bad damage. gear.
He said that any political party if they find any misuse can take action whether it is from the state government or the district councils, but no one should be blamed. They have to express themselves without any basis for the good of the people.
Paragraph 26.3 of the NEP clearly states that there should be allocation of funds from the government for the improvement of colleges in various fields but so far there is no sign that the government will do so for the colleges especially private colleges.
Shillong, Nailar 1: “In the past, the Red Indians owned the land in America and the whites owned the land, but later, due to greed, the Red Indians sold their land to the blacks ( and they took the great book, and the earth was turned again.
Nongstoiñ, July 29: Education is one of the most important issues for parents to raise their children especially in this age.
Those who have any contact with the mother or father of the child are directed to inform immediately.
They called for curfews, office blockades, and other protests that have severely disrupted peace and order.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has not yet received any reply from the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), although the deadline has expired on the 10th of this month.
With this victory we will become a strong team and we can win,” said Shira.
He also spoke on the FOCUS and FOCUS + schemes, the largest welfare schemes in the State, where up to T.450 crore has already been released to provide financial assistance to households.
Ka Ri Syiar – In our country, especially in the Sohra area and other places where there is a high demand in the market, syiar have been imported from Assam, to fill the market.
Twenty-nine households from Mawphlang C&RD Block took part in the programme.
Many youths have dropped out of their studies only part-time after the chain of drug addiction has held them back until they can no longer continue their education.
When asked about other villages that the Meghalaya government has decided to give to Assam, he said he cannot say anything yet because he has to investigate before saying anything. , but he said that many villages have come to inform him about this issue and there have been many petitions from the villages and himas regarding the transfer to Assam. “I will send these letters and petitions to the BJP leaders in Delhi and “I will talk to them after I have investigated,” said Bah AL Hek.
This was announced by the Chief Minister in the Legislative Assembly on Monday, while answering questions from members of the opposition.
He said that this continued on Sunday morning when some farmers of Lapangap village went to see their rice seeds in the fields on the border of the village and Karbi village. They didn't know the name of Tahpat, but suddenly, without thinking, they brought many stones to the place where they were.
Health.140/2020/4 Dated Shillong, 2nd July, 2020 which states that all citizens of the state will be treated as Category 'A' patients. Asymptomatic cases and to take precautions as mentioned.
The investigation is now ongoing.
The message that what they say they say with knowledge and not guesswork.
On his part, he expressed his happiness and enthusiasm to take part in this marathon. “I want to improve my performance and I want to win this race which makes me happy. .
Unemployment among the youth has increased.
We have abducted him to find out the truth why he slammed the Prime Minister,” said the party.
The place where the French placed this weapon is higher and higher, where it can be seen all over Sohra, Swer, Laitlyngkot, Pynursla, and parts of Bangladesh.
The two sites include one site at Saiden and one at Shangbangla near National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, if any Christian family is experiencing problems with marriage, it is time for them to turn back to God who is the Originator and Creator of marriage by humbling themselves before Him and seeking fellowship with Him. God and also through the help of Church leaders if necessary.
Nongpoh, Naitung 08: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today renewed the office bearers of Umsning Circle, to elect new leaders through a ballot. Leaders and members of various units of the circle led by the Election Committee of the party also attended the rally.
Lula on Saturday left for the United Arab Emirates for a one-day visit and met with the Head of State, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al-Nahyan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: A few months before the election of new MLAs, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state, Bah Frederick R Kharkongor, has wanted to clarify to the public that whose vote is for whom, most valuable and should not be sold for money.
“We leave it to the understanding of the people, this is the reason why we will take a decision which will be the way that the government will propose.
Therefore, householders and those who own vehicles or two wheelers, should be vigilant to avoid being caught in the trap of robbery.
He said the government has prioritized the installation of streetlights as well as the strengthening of security forces to ensure that the people live in peace.
The State Government shall not waste money, if it cannot implement or even spend it on itself or through political parties, who try to violate the freedoms and needs of the people of the State. .
Focus : Thewthik-thew means to mark with the right number and exactly in the right place.
He said that the party will continue to speak out against illegal activities because if allowed, it will be a shame when foreign forces will have to come to fulfill the rightful duties of the state government. “If this happens, it will be a shame to the state and it will show the weakness of the government,” said Dr Jemino.
“We will call a two-hour curfew on the 8th of November from 5 pm to 5 pm if the government does not listen to the demands of the teachers who demand their rights. to listen to the government which has not increased the salaries of teachers for many years,” said the statement.
A group of Rangbah Shnongs from Nongtalang and Jarain have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to express their strong opposition to the government's plan to hand over to the organizations.
But the knowledge of many knows only that of others.
“We firmly believe that through this programme, it will open the blind eyes, the deaf ears and the speechless mouths of the leaders whom the people of Hynniewtrep have elected for less than 50 years”.
He said he has filed his nomination papers for the post of CEM after the support of the Congress MDCs, some NPP and PDF MDCs as well as the independent MDCs who elected him as the leader of the United Democratic Forum Parliamentary Party. (UDF) at the meeting yesterday.
On the women's side, Ibadashisha Marweiñ, Fwrmaiti Dairy, Sandini Rani Dairy and Rishka.
Noting that the MPSC has re-issued the announcement on the vacancies for MCS (35) by making a roster, he said that the department has canceled the announcement. 14 jobs for the Garo people and only 11 for the Khasi-Jaintia people.
He said that East Jaintia Hills is in short supply of schools and health facilities and who can provide this is only the legislator who can bring about a clean governance for the sake of change.
From these figures we agree with the song which says :468:Bym lah niew like the shyiap of the seaShisha I'm surprised at the holy people thereBym lah niew like the shyiap of the seaThe crore or the thousand don't count anymore in heaven.
“In Iewduh alone, the sale of syiar per day is not less than 10 tonnes,” he said.
He said that in the next few days the village will reach 100 percent vaccination after completing the vaccination for the 18 years and above.
It has also been found that some school children who have just come to Shillong to continue their studies, are reluctant to speak their native language.
The body has antibodies to protect your body from diseases called antibodies.
The question is whether this money can cover the costs of the Bill
Jowai: A fire broke out in a house in Mookyrdup, Jowai district today.
These groups have also entered the Electoral Roll to benefit in many ways, most of them have their own land, houses and government jobs. In the state, even if they fall under the Government quota of 20 percent, because the law allows them to do so.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the purpose of the meeting was to find ways and means how to implement the MECDM for the benefit of the children in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department and the Ministry of Social Welfare. State Pule Book Department.
Among the Elite XI players, Ravi Kumar bowled 4 overs, was tied for 11 runs and took four wickets to win the Player of the Match award.
Earlier, DSO Ma Khroobok Passah said that all the expenses for the participation in Delhi will be borne by the DSO office. selected to play against Shillong Lajong Sports Club.
When asked, he said, “The Khasi people, besides the traditional rule, the kur and the jait are also one of the things we follow from the ancients and this jait which we follow to the mother is different from other people. .
Unfortunately, the rest of the Nagas have brave leaders to demand the rights of the people.
If it is in Mukroh, put a Jaintia because he knows well the life and death of the jaidbynriew.
On the other hand, the party leader said that there are reports that Amit Shah, Union Defense Minister, will visit Shillong on 23rd July.
The Member Secretary of the Meghalaya Information Technology Society (MITS) Bah Donald P Wahlang said that there is a need to have rules on the use of online media which has become the most popular source of news in the country. this you juk.
Because there is no reason since the collapse of the Ing Sad in Nongkrem, it would not have been possible to complete the Siar u byrnai from these events, it would have been possible to take part again.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Marda-OO Myrchiang, Basix Field Executive Manager, Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya in the presence of SBI officials including L.Kante, Deputy Manager Financial Inclusion, M.Baurah. , JU Kharpuri EAC Amlarem, Kolmen Pohshna President Rangbah Shnong Union, Puramon Taring Rangbah Shnong Nongta and others in the presence of the public and school children of Nongta.
“The Cabinet has approved to increase the salary of Panchayat leaders and stipend of Anganwadi workers in the state,” Additional Chief Secretary S Siddharth told reporters after the Cabinet meeting.
She also demanded punishment for the doctors who committed the crime.
Regarding the basic needs of the people of the area, Bah L.Marbaniang, while talking to this reporter, said that as of now, the Finance Department of the government which has In Rambrai, there is an urgent need to establish a Meghalaya Rural Bank, as each village in the area has been able to implement the MNREGS scheme. The bills deposited into their accounts have to be withdrawn from the MRB treasury office in Rambrai.
Aizawl: At least 26 people have lost their lives on Tuesday, July 23, after a railway bridge under construction collapsed in Sairang area of ​​Aizawl. Mizoram, police said.
Shad Suk Mynsiem to you allBy God 'kyrsan eh Rngiew'
China has claimed 3,300 deaths so far, while the fire, which was prepared and distributed to families in Wuhan, has more than 5,000 song and this has surprised many, it said. reports the New York Post.
He told the story of the progress of the College and looked forward to it moving forward.
However, he said it was due to the existence of the Sixth Khyrnit and the understanding of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi that these traditional systems of governance are still standing to this day.
Faithfulness Siangshai, Finance Officer of the Society, thanked the members of the Society and other friends who have donated generously to this donation.
The Principal Secretary to the Labor Department, Bah DP Wahlang, said that so far the government has deposited money into the bank accounts of 5022 laborers.
He said that police have also taken action and arrested a man suspected to be involved in the incident.
Speaking at the opening ceremony before the flag raising ceremony and the announcement of the opening ceremony, the Chief Guest urged all the players to take part and play in the spirit of the game. genuine.
While the villagers were on their way to Lumpalang, they encountered the Forest Department police who were standing at the scene and there was a clash, the police said that they will be released. but for hours the people have been standing and waiting at the place but there has been no conversation.
Sohra MDC from the UDP, Bah Titos Chyne, explained on the issue of district demand.
There are 119 cases and no deaths today.
She said, "Son, you have done the best for me old woman, so thank you".
Donboklang said the Professional Designated Driver Services will provide drivers and these drivers will go to the places where the people are.
He said the state government will also take advantage of the allocation given by the central government to the states to purchase electricity from companies to supply electricity to the state such as NEEPCO and other power generation companies.
The yatra to Mawsynram Crematorium started on the 19th and ended on the 20th in which hundreds of Hindu devotees, men, women and children marched. .
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association and supported by the KJP Assembly Hall, IGP, Shillong on the 21st and 22nd of this month.
Therefore, the district authorities, after seeing the decline in the number of cases, have allowed only those who sell on Sundays which has started since April.
The match between these teams was very interesting despite the cold weather.
The arrested were identified as Khailen Hoakip, 42, and Lheineihoi Hoakip,
In this regard, the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi has conveyed to the four corners of the world the importance of agriculture.
The Rangbah Shnong leader said that the Executive Committee of the Union will hold a meeting this evening and at that meeting they will take decisions to strike if the government continues to remain silent.
Up to 22 schools from Mawlai came to participate and receive explanations from experts on these evils which affect them personally and also the society.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the Dorbar Shnongs of Shillong and surrounding areas have set up a Joint Action Committee (JAC) to resolve the issues arising from the increase in the number of villages in Shillong and surrounding areas. “We have set up a committee and the Dorbar Shnongs to take this issue of the increase in the MeCEL electricity bill before the government due to the lack of transparency of MeCEL which has affected the people,” he said. said the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh after the opening of the meeting.
In conclusion, Bah Kharshiing said that the central language of the Khasi people founded by Thomas Jones is a tool that has been able to strengthen the unity of the Khasi people.
The use of shynrai, avocado, aloe vera and mylleng can also help.
Prestone said the RDSS scheme will include the provision of electricity to the villages, the expenditure on the smart meter, the procurement of new transformers and other works to improve the service delivery. electricity department of the state government.
Daruwala is suffering from respiratory problems and is undergoing treatment in Ahmedabad.
There are reports that Bah Titos has removed Lyngdoh Sohiong before the MLA elections in June 2023 without consulting the MDC of the area. an accusation of violence.
SUPREME COURT OF INDIA The State of Meghalaya And Ors.
Umshangiar scored 233 runs in the first innings.
This year's tournament has witnessed a new era in the tournament where for the first time since 2004, Rafael Nadal will not take part in the tournament which he used to love to play. play because of his illness and who has had to sit out of the lympung; who has suffered only three defeats in 115 games.
In the case of the Khasi Hima, according to the White Paper issued by the Government of India, the provisions of the Instrument of Accession on the Khasi States are to have their own house. The Federal Court, the administration of Excise Duty, Forests, Land, shall have its own revenue and shall make laws accordingly. the needs of the Legislature.
There was a discussion on this issue in the Legislative Assembly where the VPP urged the government not to implement the Roster System retrospectively.
Champion Sangma and his lawyer Sujit Dey have been released from jail today following the order of the Supreme Court.
According to the government, about 21,94,000 people will receive foodgrains out of 29,64,000 people in Meghalaya according to the 2011 census.
And the fight remains.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 747 including 19 recoveries today.
“We strongly condemn Bah Lahkmen Rymbui for his untruthful remarks.
There is a saying in English and that is, “Style is the man” which means that dress reveals the character of a person.
These people who have become addicted to drugs don't know how to think about the elderly or the women, but they are willing to rob and rob them,” he said. also to drug dealers and drug users.
However, as Soso Tham said, “Every man is wise, Who can speak; Many Khasi children are not able to speak because they are not given the opportunity to train themselves how to speak Khasi in Speech Competitions or Debate inside the school because most of the time it was held only in English.
Module 1 of the AFC A License Course was conducted from 12-26 July, 2018, while Module 2 was conducted from 8-20 March
Sapuh congratulated Doctor Syiem and the staff of Sanker who attended the programme.
The year 2023, the month of January, will be a year in which the people of Manipur will remember what happened to them.
Regarding these shortcomings, the union has expressed its concern over the situation especially in these times when people are pursuing education according to the passage of time.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Thursday said that the families have agreed not to skud government land and the government will not demolish it until the decision of the Court. .
“We have requested 119 security personnel from the central government as there are 782 polling stations which are very dangerous and 402 polling stations which are very dangerous during the elections.
There are 30 cases in West Garo Hills and 25 cases in West Garo Hills.
He said the government is still discussing some of the requirements for the construction of the hotel, such as the land of the Municipal Board, which has only 61,000 sqft while they need up to 71,000 sqft. struggle to increase 10,000 sqft.
Those who have something are always right by 'DAWA' and not by asking.
Other candidates who have completed their nomination papers include Evalyne Kharbani, HSPDP candidate from Mawhati, Samla Baïateilang Lapang, PDF candidate from Umroi and one independent candidate Bah Osbeth B Rynjah from Mawhati Constituency. .
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem, former MLA of Mylliem Constituency, has sent a letter to the EM incharge of Trade and Industry in KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor to express his concern about the infiltration of foreigners. who came to trade in the Nongjri area.
The Lamphang was speaking at the 84th All India Presiding Officers Conference (AIPOC) held at the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly, Mumbai.
Chetna Bose of Sherwood School, Tura scored 94.66% in English, Hindi, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science and Health and Physical Education.
We congratulate these leaders of the National Conference for their good intentions and we hope and urge the friends across the country to stand together with one mind to help as much as they can to protect the people from the disease. death of starvation.
At the start of the tournament, the national team will start their tour with their first match against Chinese Taipei today (24th) while on the 25th they will play against Japan. , followed by a match against Pakistan on the 27th of this month before facing Thailand in the final pool match on the 28th.
She has contributed a lot to the party through writings about the party, dance, khnam and ryntieh and others related to the party,” he said.
Jowai, March 27: A suspect involved in the rape of a minor girl has been shot dead by the mob of Nartiang Pohshnong village in West Jaintia Hills District today.
These are indeed the words of reminder to the Jaitbynriew which has been urged from time to time – In fact, it is the strongest shield that honors the Jaitbynriew at the same time.
While her new husband was playing, she saw that she was looking at him, and she looked very angry, because her new husband was spending time playing. , on their most special and great day.
College, Spikers, Chullai Brothers Chutwakhu and Lion Mission Compound Dorbar Shnong.
With the aim of ensuring a healthy body and prevention of diseases, the health camp was held at Lad Rymbai Dongwah on Tuesday. Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of DC Abhilash Baranwal, health department offices and others.
We see how hard people work even to live inside the coal mines to earn that right to live together like other people in this world.
The Dobar Sor shall ensure the conduct of affairs relating to the whole city, not only to the village.
The purpose of the award ceremony is to celebrate the outstanding contribution of teachers in the country and to honor those teachers who have not only improved the quality of education in the country. school but which has been a benefit to the lives of their students.
To ensure that the appointment process should not be delayed, the government has started appointing new boards to change the appointment process.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Tbn.Dr.BH Kharlukhi, Secretary of the Presbyterian Church, Mawlai, said that the Presbyterian Church has 44,100 sq.ft. tar in the form of a gift with the rules that the Syiem has set that they cannot sell the land anywhere else, and if they do not use the land anymore they have to return it to the Hima. “We have donated T.6 lakh to the Hima as a sign of our respect,” said Tbn.Kharlukhi.
“With this announcement by the government to appoint the Expert Committee, as I promised you the people, I have fulfilled as the leader of the VPP, I have said that I will not leave this place until the government “It's a good idea to have a reservation policy,” said Ardent.
Besides the Khudoi Valley, there is another valley nearby which is known as the Kohmang Valley.
Please send one of your soldiers who has a brave spirit to plant one bomb in any Government school or MBOSE office by 1st May
The roads were flooded due to the lack of drainage.
In this regard, the North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) on Thursday submitted a letter to the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal to inform him of the issue. Students of NEHU have been forced to prepare for their examinations due to the power outage of MeECL which continues till today.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC), a group of Hindus living in Meghalaya.
He also recalled important issues such as the amendment of the Sixth Schedule, the recognition of the indigenous people of the state, the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India and others. others.
On the other hand, the engineer promised to take action.
Until today, 2nd June 2022, the documents relating to the land donated by Nightingale Diengdoh I, granddaughter of (L) Syiem Soiñsingh, have been completed. The foundation stone for the construction of the hospital was also laid by Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs, Commerce and Industries, Government.
There are also many species of birds in the surrounding areas of Sohra which sing beautifully in different languages.
Andrew Shullai, Trinamool Congress candidate from Jowai, has expressed his regret over the closure of the hospital after his inspection and alleged that the opening of the hospital is just a ploy to mislead the people of Jowai Constituency.
Many of the residents and residents who pass through this road from time to time have expressed their concern and grief over the overcrowding of this road.
Government jobs alone can no longer provide thousands of graduates every year.
SHILLONG: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today said that the party has started accepting the names of candidates who wish to contest for the election of the Member of Parliament. the Lok Sabha of the Iind Dorbar.
After the release of the child, police have also arrested the man accused of taking the child to the scene.
The tournaments that have been completed for the 2023 season include the First Division, Third Division, Second Division, First Division and the Women's League, U-1 10 and U-14 as well as U-16.
Nongpoh, Lber, 29: The KSU North Khasi Hills District (KSU) has issued the rule of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, which has led to the KSU North Khasi Hills District. The Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 today was burnt down after a meeting held at Mawlong Market and the party has made it clear that it will not accept the implementation of the Act. in the state and to resist to the end.
In the senior category, Meghalaya is fortunate to have seen the participation of its best and most famous athletes, including the 2 Padma Shri award winners, 5 Arjuna award winners, 5 Olympic representatives and 36 others who have represented the country in many of the world's biggest shooting tournaments.
Shillong, March 29: There are 46 Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya which have been recognized by the state government, said the Executive Member in charge of Trade and Industry of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Antonio War.
“The government has dismissed the contract teachers and has not appointed them in their place. Those who have passed MTET and those youths who want to become teachers have not been allowed,” he said. Mukul said that as the AITC, they will stand for the people and their rights and not as the government which auctions the land that the residents of the state have inherited from their ancestors.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawprem Circle on Saturday honored one of the Top 20 students who passed in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate of this year.
He also hoped that under the leadership of Barrister Shangpliang, the Congress youth will become stronger.
Who will lose this game? Isn't it the students?It is certain that colleges have many shortcomings even to manage education well within the old syllabus.
The village is located on the Bangladesh border and there is a high demand for these drugs.
One of the clearest witnesses to this is in Sabuda, one of the Khasi villages near Mawlasnai, where earlier it was seen that the village still had only one village road. The Assam government has taken steps to improve the road and expand it to the Assam Police Outpost, which is located under the Assam Police Outpost. this village.
When contacted by the reporter, sources said that their proposal to amend the syllabus has not succeeded, as the government has rejected their proposal and Earlier, the Core Committee for Curriculum and Textbook Review (CCCTR) had accepted the proposal of the MBOSE to amend the Syllabus for Class XI. Syllabus of Class XI and to align it with the Syllabus of CBSE for the convenience of the students from this state.
The total weight of the drugs seized was 137.78 grams, T.2,14,075 cash.
According to the Minister, the AK-47 Series and Under Barrel Grenade Launcher (UBGL) are not manufactured in Tura in any part of Meghalaya but are imported.
This will be followed by Doccan FC vs Nongpiur SC at 2:30 pm and the final match will be between Umlyngka SC vs RHIH FC (Lumpdeng) at 4 pm.
Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary, KSU CEC was the chief guest in the presence of Samla Badonkupar Nongbri, Incharge of KSU South Khasi Hills. Samla Edmund Khongsya General Secretary, Samla Richest Malngiang Vice President, Samla Denis Bnai Lamin Finance Secretary and other leaders of KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit.
We have asked the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to allow us to hold this festival.
Bible scholars say that the book of Ecclesiastes was written in the fourth century BCE and is a book of wise sayings.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 4 cases, of which 3 cases have come from outside the state and one case has been screened.
“I agree that there is a disagreement with the order of the High Court and I am pleased to say that if there is a disagreement with the order of the High Court, the government should not accept the decision of the Supreme Court (SC). The SC has issued an order in the case of RK Sabharwal Ors vs State of Punjab & Ors on the preparation of the roster system. agree to chess and don't turn back,” said Bah Robert.
At the same time, he informed that on the 16th, the President will visit Shillong and take part in various programmes.
“Where is the question of whether you will start that roster going forward? This is just a misleading statement by the people and their misunderstanding of the issue,” said Bah Ardent.
That is why we expect the power of the people because the power and voice of the people is the voice of God.
I would like to clarify that the non-receipt of the rice by the 36 households is due to the incitement of the opponents of the Sordar led by Tralsing Riahtam and Homi Khongsit.
It is learned that Bah Thabah is mentally retarded.
The Chief Engineer shall also report every 10 days on the progress of the work.
If there is an election now in Nongpoh and if he still wants to contest, he will win.
On the other hand, the HNLC leader said that as it turns out, there has been no peace agreement in the North East to be implemented, except the Mizo Accord.
Therefore, any faith without foundation is only superstition and its father is Satan.
He said that the UDP since 22nd November 2019 without the Executive Committee led by the UDP has demanded the AR but until now for two months the AR has not been implemented in KHADC. The CEM of KHADC also alleged that the government's failure to send the names of the Executive Members for the approval of the Governor is an act of authority by the state government.
Name;- Carmel Fedrick Malngiang Official location:- Wahkaliar, Sohra, EKH District, Meghalaya 793108Ph.
On this day when we remember our heroes, let the sons and daughters of the country instill in them the spirit of patriotism by going back to the past to ring the example of The heroes of the country when they light the torch of patriotism to other fellow countrymen in their daily lives, to ensure the peace and stability of the country so that the future of the country will be stronger and stronger. to cut off the enemies of the country from the roots, so that the country may live and grow and peace may reign over us.
He said that there are more than 30 Bills passed by the KHADC which have been submitted to the DCA department of the government.
In the State Level Subroto Cup, Saiden beat Ïewrynghep Secondary School (EKH) 4-2 in a tie-breaker. to score in the final.
I have also raised the issue of TDS (Tax Deduction at Source) to exempt indigenous people from Income Tax in banks.
Shynrai contains curcumin, a compound that can help and benefit in many health areas, including brain benefits.
In a statement, MDC Charles Marngar said that the RBCC has accepted what the President of the Congress Party, Vincent H Pala, said. The Indian National Congress (INC) has requested Dr DD Lapang to return to the party.
The Commander said that the Minister has informed the group that the department will soon launch a project for the establishment of Mobile Dispensaries and Call Centers. , through vehicles where if there are any diseases that affect the animals, doctors can go by vehicles to check and treat these animals.
The meeting was attended by Ernest Mawrie, President of the party in the state, Nitin Khera, President of Shillong District and other senior leaders.
Teiborlang Pathaw will head the Labor Licenses and Enforcement Department and Mitchell Wankar will head the Town Committees, Lands, Mines and Minerals Department.
After receiving a copy of the statement from the IOA, the members of the MSOA formed an Executive Committee of four members, including Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as President and Bah John F. Chiranjib Choudhury, General Secretary, two voice presidents including Bah B. Diengdoh and Bah Ian Lyngdoh and Treasurer Ban Ksan Warjri.
In a statement, the Secretary of the Raid Kongthong, Bah Stogent Lynrah, said that in relation to all the matters related to the administration of khadar in Kongthong, the Sordar of the Raid, Bah Stogent Lynrah, has been empowered. Bah Sylloklang Majaw until the appointment of a new Rangbah Shnong.
“We will not discriminate against anyone, but we will have to decide who will get the ticket to contest MDC,” said Bah Ardent.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC), Sutnga District has expressed its regret over the transfer of Deputy Commissioner, Bah Ethelbert Kharmalki to the post of Secretary Mining and Geology of the State Government.
Ma Siangshai has T.60 lakh in his possession, while his wife Mela Kyndait has T.20 lakh in her possession, gold worth T.40 thousand and a 9mm pistol worth T. 2.10 lakh, while his wife has gold jewelery weighing up to 5 tulas and worth Rs 2 lakh.
Those who demanded Block Office include Mawsaw, Nartiang, Namdong, Lumshnong, Wapung and others.
When asked whether the household services are still available in Tiehbah, the village headmen said that they are no longer available in the village.
Narendra Modi meets his mother before voting There are 117 constituencies in 13 states and two small states to contest the third round of elections on Tuesday. .
Four months ago, a man named Damut Bang surrendered on Tuesday in front of the Ummulong Beat House, Jowai Police Station.
The child left home on Thursday morning to go to Extra Class, because she could not complete her course and was studying in Class X. When they examined the pla and the books scattered on the ground, they saw the name and the kur. They immediately phoned their friends who belonged to the kur. the town and her parents were notified.
Because no political party can see the people who will be enough, they have to join this or that.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) in a statement through its General Secretary, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, on Tuesday said that if the government wants to talk to the government, it is ready to welcome it. suk should appoint a ksiang to arrange for this matter.
He added that the Act also states that any person who has lived for more than 12 years is a permanent resident of the state.
The party from time to time has expressed its concern on this issue.
Furthermore, the birth of Jesus fulfilled another scripture: “For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given” (Isaiah 9:6).
The JSU has taken notice of the delay in completing the scheme, but now it has remained silent.
Recently, the district authorities of Nongpoh have raided 15 houses including 10 in Pyllun and 5 in Nongsder without informing the people.
At the meeting held on the 15th at 9 pm, the people started to discuss the division of the constituency into three constituencies and the people expressed that they will not go to take part. but it was after the explanation from the Rangbah Shnong that as citizens they should exercise their right to vote and thus they decided to exercise their right as citizens.
Hek said the celebration of National Milk Day is also to commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr. Verghese Kurien, the father of milk production in India. His efforts have brought about a change in milk production in India and it is for this reason that the dairy farming industry has now become profitable and increased the income of the dairy farmers in India.
It will also serve as a Guest House and Cultural Center for the Khasi people who come to the city not only for education, but also for medical treatment.
The village welcomes these donations and prays that God will be with the owner of PAT Jason Jarman Lamare and his staff so that they can extend their donations to other places in the country. your state.
The Rangbah Shnong was also invited to come for dinner because he loved him very much.
Jowai: U Lyngkitbormi Ryngkhlem of Demthring village, West Jaintia Hills, has been arrested for killing one person and injuring another in Muphlang village, West Jaintia Hills.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah H.Bang, MACWA and others, who spoke on the dangers of drugs and urged the children to avoid drugs and say Yes to drugs. At the same time, they urged them to become strong-minded children to avoid drugs.
Similarly, your father-in-law is your father only in law, not your father-in-fact.
These foreigners can take part even in foreign markets and not come to knieh the income of the women in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The price of pylleng pham, which is consumed by the public, has increased suddenly in these days and from T.5 each, it has now reached T. 7 each and which is likely to increase in price in the coming days.
Shillong, November 06: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through its Executive Committee is ready to announce the election for the full Syiem of Mylliem Hima. within July, 2023 in accordance with the Act and Rules of the Hima Mylliem.
Shillong, June 28: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Sanjib Banerjee on Thursday slammed the government lawyer on the Misc Case Writ Appeal. or the government's request to the court to ban college teachers who have received government assistance from participating in politics or standing for election.
In the past, the Assembly Committee has visited all these illegal Hard Coke Factories, but so far nothing has been done about these factories. The Assembly Committee visited the Coke Factory.
Shillong, November 3: Regarding the reports regarding the quarry at Wei Sniang, Bah Wilfred Mawniuh has clarified that the quarry is the right of Kristina Mawniuh. He said that the area has been recognized by the Elaka authorities including the Sordar Laitkroh, Matabor Mawjrong, the Rangbah Shnong of Kyrdemkhla and the elders of the village.
Meghalaya will prepare to face Sikkim in Bhubaneswar from November.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Mawlai Circle has strongly condemned the Minister of Education, Dr. RC Laloo and the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma for the their listening and standing by their hands in relation to the protests demanded by the teachers.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the DC, Bah Jeslin Syngkli, President of BBASU, said that regarding this issue, the Union of Goods Transporters has also visited the to meet with the Superintendent of Taxes, but due to lack of action, they have to approach the higher authorities.
Last March, Nolikata Higher Secondary School won the title followed by Nolikata Upper Primary School in second place and St. Thomas RCUP and Nibon LP School in third place.
According to the Indian Meteorological Department, the rainfall from July to April this year was estimated at 10,900mm.
In the 50th minute, Risa Shimizu put the team ahead with a second goal before Hinata Miyazawa scored the third goal in the 81st minute.
The party leaders who used to oppose Dr. Khongjee said that now they have to work to win Dr. Khongjee because this is according to the party's directive and because it is also a consensus between Dr. Khongjee. Khongjee and Bah Bantei.
Are you still there!! Do you want them to suffer more than you?? Shall we be a curse for theirs.
He also announced that the Meghalaya Games 2023 will be held in Tura this year, in which up to 3000 athletes from the state will participate.
It is surprising that Conrad himself also responded in English to the Hindi speech of the Governor in the Legislative Assembly.
Another method of phone calls by candidates and parties is by promising before the election that if they win they will do this or that, or promise to give all these things.
Latest reports said that the Congress is now in a difficult position to decide on the date of the elections as the division of constituencies is still pending.
“So I am one of those who want to strengthen only one ethnic party,” said Bah Renikton.
However, the PHE distributes water only to areas outside the Municipal boundary, according to a statement from the PHE department.
And with the formation of the committee, it will give us more opportunity to express our concerns,” said TMC leader George Lyngdoh.
Political rallies, social gatherings, writing and sports events will not be allowed to be held during these days and no travel from Shillong to other parts of the districts will be allowed. state, without proper passes.
“There are two types of people, some speak before thinking, and some think before speaking, I think before speaking,” said Synshar Kupar.
In another incident, Sinona Nongspung has lodged a complaint with the Madanrting Police Station, that on the 2nd of this month at 8 pm, unidentified robbers set fire to her farm. The fire broke out at Umaitnai Mawlali, Thynroit (EKH) and the damage caused by the fire was T.
At that time, I had already made it clear that the Teachers Eligibility Test is the most important examination because according to Section 23 of the Right to Education Act, the recruitment of teachers in Elementary Education should be “However, in the years 2012-2014, many of the teachers who were not in service did not reach 45% for the Schedule Tribes and therefore the Government has The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has allowed students to sit for the Class-XII examination with 45% marks. three times or up to five times,” said Bah Rymbui.
In the letter, he said that the leadership of the Congress party has lost the trust and power to lead, and said that the party has lost the trust of many members and especially to the people who are from the villages.
The Shnongpdeng Tourism Development Society (STDS) said that the heavy rainfall has affected the Shnongpdeng Tourist Spot. The houses near the river were flooded.
This woman understands that the burden of motherhood is heavy on her but she will fulfill her duty as she should.
The court has fixed another date to hear the matter on January 14, 2024, to allow those who oppose the 2021 law.
From the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Diko who live in this state they have become Hynniewtrep.
He said that those in the government should not feel that this peaceful act just before the elections is not a truly just act but an act aimed at misleading the people.
Khliehriat: MeECL Mowakhu Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills, has supplied electricity to the residents of Nongthymme village, after nine months. Officer of MeECL, Mowakhu Khliehriat, in which they asked for clarification that they have not received their monthly electricity bill from MeECL. He said that his office has already sent bill lights every month to distribute to the village and the officer promised to take action and find out why. Electricity supply to Nongthymme.
He said that education in Mairang constituency needs to be improved.
“The scheme of Rs 15 crore to fill the 36 constituencies is not easy and he said that for the past five to three years they have not provided the scheme. “This is not only happening to me but to all the MPs in India,” he added.
“It is easy to talk about unity but we must know what kind of unity we are talking about and we cannot misuse this word just to benefit anyone,” said Bah Ardent.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the driver of the truck.
It was because of their unbelief that they lost the opportunity for mercy through Jesus Christ and Jesus had to turn to the Gentiles.
“At the time of the incident in Langpih, he could not go and arrest those policemen who shot the villagers in Langpih because it is not easy and you want to call the troops from Assam and send them to appear before the police. In the state of Meghalaya, do you have a country? How do you mean to speak? Let the CBI proceed and once the report is received, let the law decide according to the law,” she added.
These Apps include the GPS Map Camera App and the Ubiattendance App.
The election campaign in Sohiong constituency came to an end at 4 pm on 8th June, 48 hours before the end of polling on 10th June.
Through the Common Alerting Protocol (CAP) upon receiving the warning from the IMD, the CAP was implemented and messages were sent to the public through mobile phones affected by the natural disaster.
Police have recovered two mobile phones including two plates from the suspects.
The decision was taken after two or three groups requested an extension.
The U-19 Girls' Inter District Cricket Tournament of the MCA has been selected for the tournament. The tournament will be held from 8th March to 16th April 2023 in Gujarat.
The NC tomorrow will be the test of the government led by the Prime Minister after three years.
A Maruti Alto (ML05-M-7648) was seized at 7 pm.
The EJDCA invites all villages or clubs of the District to participate in this tournament.
The Integrated Command and Control Center and Shopping Complex at Polo, constructed at a cost of T.214 crore and T.100 crore, will be completed within this year.
Under this PMJDY scheme, all those who do not have an account can open it without having to deposit any money.
This bridge will help the farmers who have to cross the Myntdu River and at the same time this bridge will also attract tourists to East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 12: The election for the Legislative Assembly of the State is less than six months away. villages and polling stations in their respective constituencies.
In his speech, one of the Rangbah Shnong, said that the Shad Rongkusi is part of the preservation of the customs and traditions of our ancestors.
Iwelljohn Ramsiej (32.53 min) from Sakwang came second and Neverson Jyrwa (34.21 min) from Jakrem came third.
“Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Northern Region and Vice President of HNYF Sengkmie, who is also the Vice President of HNYF Sengkmie, also came to support the neglect of the road. The project has been completed for more than four years due to the negligence of the contractor.
He made jhur, soh and food.
He said the purpose of the inspection was to see whether the working methods of the building were in accordance with the plan or criteria.
Vincent said the Congress has prepared intelligent, young and well educated people for the upcoming elections.
The party urges the leaders of the area especially the MLA to take immediate action on this issue.
Those who violate the law will be punished, said Deputy Commissioner Jagdish Chelani.
“Political parties can speak as they please but the government will act according to the rules,” he said.
Explaining on this, Tynsong said that the government will have to submit the full report after which a meeting will be held between the two prime ministers. After the meeting, the Chief Ministers will leave for Delhi to submit their report to the Union Defense Minister Amit Shah.
Shillong: The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya will hold a march of the state football team on the 10th October, as a sign of respect for the state team. second place, in the 2022-2023 Santosh Trophy.
Before that time, let us look back and see what the political parties have done on one of the issues that everyone has proposed to the people in the 2018 elections, the issue of coal mining in the state.
The Assam Women's Team, which was relegated to Group-E, started the tournament with a victory by beating Assam by 53-25 points in the first leg of the tournament. it was at 9:30 in the morning.
New Delhi: The Lok Sabha elections will start from 19th June to 1st July 2024 and there will be nine polling days, while the results will be announced on 4th July
Jesus told Thomas, “I am the way...no one comes to the Father except through me” (John 14:16). and the veil of the temple was rent in twain (Matt. 27:51; Mk.15:38; Luke 23:45).
Of this coal, up to 45,000 metric tonnes were found to be illegal while 5,000 metric tonnes were declared coal, sources said.
Besides Ma Alan, the Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmuiang Eddie S. Shylla was elected as the Vice President and Secretary. the village of Chiliang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: “The UDP President Iewduh, Bah W Kharmawlong and P Mawrie, President Mawlieh Lyngkyrdem, said in a statement that the UDP candidate has turned his back on the jerbi. which was sent to U Rupang today.
Similarly, in India, Tribals, Dalits, Adivasis, Muslims and other minorities are living in fear and the violence of Hindu extremist groups seems to have resurfaced in recent years.
The presence of land vendors has crowded Shillong especially on the public roads until the people have to turn away from the road to walk around.
Nongpoh, Lber 03: The driver of a Maruti Car has escaped serious injuries after his car collided with another vehicle in Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday. in the Truck.
Explaining doubts that it will take more than five years to implement the Act, Home Minister Amit Shah said the implementation will be as soon as the census is completed and the reorganization of the constituencies will be completed. the MP elections will be held next year.
The areas affected by the fire are Bivar Road, Bishop Cotton Road, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Keating Road, Laitumkhrah, Malki, Mawkhar, Mission, Compound, Jaiaw, Weiking, Motphran, behind Raj Bhavan, Lachaumiere, Laban, Lumparing, Police Bazar and Jail Road in Shillong Municipal Board, Mawlai and Lawsohtun, outside Shillong Municipal Board and Rhino area.
Shakti Bhargava bought three houses and paid Rs 11.5 crore from his account, which he bought and gave names to his wife, children and family members.
We all know that handsanitizers are alcohol based so why do we have to use the word clean alcohol which has angered the Christian community in the state?
The US State Department has informed Congress that it will sell about $332.2 million in 30mm bullets and $108 million in other ammunition and equipment for use in Taiwan's vehicles and weapons.
The National People's Party (NPP) State President Dr Wanwei Roy Kharlukhi has said that if the United Democratic Party (UDP) wants to replace the government after the MLA elections in Sohiong, it would be better if it withdrew from it. the Government.
“These new technologies are neither good nor bad, but we must use them with our wisdom and understanding so that we can reap the benefits.
The youth committed suicide at his residence in the city.
The President of the union, Bah A.Wanmi Laloo, said that the union will also lodge a complaint with the Consumer Forum against the shop.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) on Tuesday said it strongly supports the strike called by the Joint Action Committee (JACATAM) from the 27th of this month. The Association has invited all the members and units of the Association to join hands in the struggle for education in the state, said a statement from Bah Batskhem Myrboh General Secretary, MCTA. On the other hand, MUPSTA Ri-Bhoi at its CEC held on the 24th of this month at Nongpoh Nepali UP School has decided to give its full support to the strike of JACATAM which will start from 27th of this month to 5th of next month.
Arunachal Pradesh Government on Tuesday said that a youth named Mithai Marandi, who was shot dead by robbers in Namsai, Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday, was shot dead by robbers. he has already died as a result of his serious injuries.
Due to the increasing population and number of villages, Lyngdoh said it is time for the Sordars and Riew Rangbah of 71 villages to remind the Executive Dorbar. The Hima Myrïaw has raised an issue in the past years. It was during the reign of Syiem (L) Jidon Singh Syiem, when he was a member of the Executive Dorbar of the Hima Myrïaw. .
If the MBOSE continues to ignore the guidelines/criteria, it will become a silent killer because the drop outs will increase. halftime of the children.
The Shillong Press Club has strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should arrest those involved in the shooting.
It is learned that these elephants are still in the area and the farmers are in fear when they go to guard their fields at night in case they attack at any time.
I am now 60 years old.
Vincent Pala, this will be the third time that he will contest as the Congress candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat, where he has won two consecutive elections. in 2009 and
If all three parties join forces to form the Liang Pyrshah, the total number of MLAs will be
There have been similar incidents on the Jaipur-Ajmer highway and elsewhere.
The speaker began by saying:- I would like to thank the village, the chairman who conducted this meeting and especially to you the people who took the time to attend this day.
However, in the case of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, the work of the police has been successful because there is external control.
Previously, witnesses had to appear in court but now they can do so online.
It is said that even after the death of Tirot Singh, many Khasi Himas fought fiercely against the French.
However, when inquired by the BJP Meghalaya leaders, the reply was that they are not sure as they have not received any information from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
Before approving this budget, there was a discussion on the budget brought by Thombor.
Police in East Jaintia Hills District, on the 16th of this month, seized 197.35 grams of heroin worth Rs 1.6 crore in the world market. pump in the morning.
He gave an example that if they spend T.10 lakh, the income will be about T.15 lakh but there are also days when they lose money due to the lack of Rawon who come to participate.
He also urged the parents to take care of their children and not to allow their children, especially those under the age of 10 years, to go out on the streets as it can cause injury.
On the other hand, the DC encouraged the youth to come forward to register themselves so that they can exercise their rights as citizens of India.
“Many times we see that farmers receive money only twice a year.
He said the committee will hold a meeting to discuss the outcome of today's meeting.
“We have provided food items to the people of the state according to the estimates received by depositing them here at the FCI station and it is the responsibility of the state government to distribute them accurately to all the people,” he said. .
Although rice is an agricultural product that many farmers do not sell, it is a major supporter of the household.
On the 10th June at 6 pm, it was announced that the candidate will come to lecture at the village.
Police have arrested the suspect with the help of residents and relatives and the weapon used to kill the victim has been recovered from the scene.
As part of the efforts to strengthen the AITC in Meghalaya for the 2023 elections, the party leader visited Meghalaya on November 12 along with National General Secretary Abhishek Benerjee. , National Spokesperson Saket Gokhale and others.
They told about the history of the school as well as about the life and journey of Myllung Soso Tham.
That may be more important because why they didn't raise this issue,” said Bah Nongkhlaw.
If the identification cannot be verified, the voter must provide the above documents.
Samla SS Niangti President KSU Khliehriat Circle was also present at the meeting.
NEW DELHI: The Indian government has strongly opposed the World Health Organization (WHO) figures showing that the death toll from the coronavirus (COVID-19) is higher than what the Indian government has expected. you give an account.
All this happened because the spirit of ignorance began to die and the knowledge of man and knowledge of God became weak.
Even in our ancient scriptures, there are references to bodies like the SabhabadSamiti which have existed as bodies of representatives since the Vedic period.
Speaking on the Reservation Policy, he said that the reservation policy is not based on the population.
In an interview with Risinius while we were on the road, he said that he is a student at St. Edmunds College, Shillong and he comes and goes every day without any help.
This was evident at a public meeting held on Tuesday at Langpih Market which was also the opening ceremony of the Raidmynsaw UP School.
Manners are the source of dignity, not literacy.
It brings about an increase in the price of goods, and the price of goods increases.
Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram have reservations which include all Schedule Tribes except the minorities.
As soon as the reconciliation of God with the Gentiles (earthly kingdom) is over, there will be a great apostasy for all believers, it will be a terrible time.
The Nongpoh MLA urged the family members not to panic, but to follow the directions of the government through the health department.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Motphran Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers Association (MARODA) will hold an information program on the 24th of this month from 12 noon. According to a statement issued by Bah T.Sawian, Secretary of the party.
“We call this – the 10 years of misconduct," he said.
There are those who have alleged that the government celebrates Easter on the 12th and on the 13th it opens winestore.
The video also shows the Chief Minister getting out of his vehicle in the presence of policemen, looking for the Superintendent of Police and when he saw the DC of Nagaon, Sarma, he called “Arre DC, you're right, you're right? Who is the king and maharaja?” (What are you fighting for, why are you stopping all the chariots? Why is there no king who is coming?).
“Therefore, in order for the public to get accurate information, the Association has come forward to announce that this is untrue news and the public should not worry about the consumption of he said.
Goyal said they were allowed to march for half an hour and they had to sign that they should ensure that no law and order problems would occur.
In the second innings, BK Bajoria beat RB Anup Chand by seven wickets.
At the recent meeting of the High-Level Committee (HLC), it was decided to allocate another 1.4 acres of land near the Shillong Municipal Board to the families who will leave the Mawlong Market.
There were 49 projects awarded for implementation in Asanang constituency for the year 2017-18, and these projects were implemented by two contractors, Kubon and Nikseng.
In a petition sent to the Director of A&H Veterinary, the HYC Umsning Circle, including Samla Donkupar JB Wriang, Vice President of HYC Umsning Circle and Ruben Lyngdoh, said that the They said that the Zonal Feed Mill, which does not exist in the village, has brought many benefits to the unemployment of the people in the village. .
Shillong: Ka Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday, welcomed the decision of the National People's Party (NPP) to contest the upcoming MP elections from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Its leaders, office bearers and employees should know that to win, you need people's leaders and to get people's leaders you need hard work.
“I don't have any hope of coming home again, I'm just waiting for the day when they will kill me,” he said.
Nikhat said that if she wins a gold medal at the Olympics, she would definitely want to meet Bollywood actor Salman Khan once again and celebrate with him.
If you have a parent, you are the one who is rich.
“He is a good man, we didn't think he would do that,” said Edmund.
The results of the UPSC-CSE Scholarship Examination will be announced on the website of the KSU in the coming months.
“We are saddened to see that the building has been abandoned for only a short time and as it is now, it has turned into a camp of robbers and a place of criminals. “It's a complete change from what we thought at the beginning,” said the Union leaders.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: The Dorbar Shnong Riangdo together with the police on Tuesday had to stand in the middle of the road to separate the supporters of the NPP and HSPDP who had gathered at Riangdo Market. Mawshynrut Constituency.
“Vote for our candidate from Nongstoiñ, Mawthadraishan, Mawshynrut and other constituencies,” he said. Party.
If there are allegations whether they are false or true, how to find out the facts we have the procedures and we also have a Chief Vigilance Officer who is the Chief Secretary where anyone can report to him. that he may do what is necessary.
“I will not divide Assam, we need to be united, stop the curfew and go to work,” said Tarun Gogoi.
Jowai: The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek accompanied by Local MLA, Wailadmiki Shylla has visited Jowai to take stock of the situation in the state. related to the fight against the Corona Virus which has spread rapidly around the world.
The number of cases in Assam has risen to 1,000 within 60 days of the outbreak on 31st October
They said that in some schools, parents have stopped sending their children to school because of the inability to pay the school fees.
The Meghalaya team consists of Debasmita Dutta, Ajima Sangma, Rubi Chettri, Riticia Nongbet, Rebeldalis Syiemlieh, Daiaka E Warjri, Sildamicresha Marbaniang, Avril K Syiem, Eiffelene K Nongkynrih, Neha Hajong, Solina Jaba, Mancy Anand, Vain. Meghalaya will play against Tripura on the 12th, Andhra Pradesh on the 13th, Odisha on the 18th and Nagaland on the 20th. Mizoram and Uttar Pradesh on the 22nd.
“He has never turned away from me and I have never turned away from him,” said Bah Teinwel.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 27: The Superintendent of Police (SPS) of Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat, on Tuesday said that according to information received from the residents of Umbar village, on the 24th of June, 2022 that a dead body of a man was found in the river in the village.
Twenty-eight people including women and children were injured in this brutal act by the Assam police.
The affected districts are from East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, South Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills. West Jaintia Hills.
The plane was heading to Dhaka from Munshiganj when it collided with Moyur-2 near the Sadarghat launch terminal.
The initiative of banks to bring economic awareness to the small and medium enterprises will inevitably increase income not only in the urban areas but also in the rural areas.
JHADC Chief Executive Member Thombor Shiwat, Phasmon Dkhar, Winning Garland Sungoh, Robinus Syngkon and others requested Andrew to withdraw the resolution as the EC is also ready to amend and update its Service Rules. Council.
At the same time, it is prohibited to use the area as a breaking ground, for those shops on the road to be installed with CCTV cameras to detect anyone who violates the law. punish according to the law.
A bench of Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh accused her of trying to mislead the court.
Speaking at a public meeting, George B.Lyngdoh MLA Umroi constituency, said that the BJP has increased the price of food and beverages. These are the things that a small nation doesn't want but is forced to do.
Therefore, to relocate the NEEPCO offices from Shillong is an insult to the people and the State of Meghalaya,” said the Seng.
From four Ministers in the MDA-I government to only two in the MDA-II. .
“COMSO from the 12th of this month will go to check the authorities who have not proved that they are Indian citizens, who do not have labor license, work permits will be revoked,” he said. he said.
A show cause notice was also issued for the failure to display the GST registration certificate at the appropriate place of the food shop and also for the failure to display the GSTIN on the signboard in front of the entrance. inside the food court; Both these acts are violations of Rules 18(1) and 18(2) and for each violation the total fine shall be up to T.25,000/-.
The Seng wishes the children of Seiñraij Tuber to continue to preserve the religious customs and traditions so that our nation can survive on earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The 33 percent recruitment quota for women in the police force in the state has not been implemented.
It is true that there is an Anti Corruption Directorate, the head of which is the Commissioner of Vigilance, but it is difficult to work here either.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 5,7
Besides the salary increase, the casual workers will also receive their arrear after the full budget.
Now it is the turn of the UDP, the largest political party in the state, to lead the EC if the opportunity arises,” said Dr Mawthoh.
Besides, the repair of the bridge by the ITC has been waiting for permission to start the work for about 4 months. The dam has collapsed and expired and poses a threat to the commuters.
Shillong, July 24: The Meghalaya High Court has decided to monitor the construction of the Agia-Medhipara-Phulbari-Tura (AMPT) road in Garo Hills.
Many people from other villages come to buy and sell their goods at this market.
Looking at many of the issues that need to be brought into the state, they have become urgent for the people who are still being oppressed by the Government of India and it is time to demand “No Khasi Jaintia State No Rest”. "If our Khasi Jaintia people continue to remain in the name of Meghalaya, it will destroy the Khasi Pnar name of the people as demanded by the Garo Land people who do not want the name Meghalaya.
The NITI Aayog, which replaced the Planning Commission (the body that determines the allocation of funds for the development of all states), has said that education and the quality of schools for children has declined. good.
He said that his desire to shoot the film in Meghalaya is because he wants to promote the music and traditional dance of the people of this state.
The WJYC also demanded the immediate installation of a transformer in Amlatdoh Amlarem which has been without electricity for more than 8 months although this village in the sub-division has lost electricity to the workers and students.
The way of the cross is not to divide one group against another or one religion against another.
No one is allowed to enter the Micro Containment Area and those who live in these containment areas are not allowed to leave.
As unrest continues in many parts of Manipur, the state government has decided to continue the closure of all schools until 8th November.
The most dangerous area is Pynthorbah near Langkyrding due to the flooding of the road.
The theft is reportedly described as a taxi-like bike, called Bike Bot and the customer can buy one, 3, 5 or nine bikes. bike, where these bikes will be maintained by the company and these bikes, the company will pay the bank loan, the rental fee and then a bonus, to those who buy more bikes .
Shillong: Police have arrested a group of car thieves in Tura township this morning.
Shillong, November 30: The KSU South Central East (KSU) has arrested 12 Bangladeshi Dkhars from Pyrnai village under Pynursla.
We the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, who received the Hynniew Rishot-blei religion in 1890, have been fortunate that the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ has come to these mountains of ours.
Today, the price of petrol has increased by 28-29 cents per litre, while the price of diesel has increased by 26-28 cents per litre.
“I am confident that this festival will focus more on the relationship between the people of the Northeast and Thailand," he said.
Therefore, the people of Kali should demand the return of all the fuel taxes. Why should we pay TAX to those petrol pumps when the government does not need tax?
““These are those High Levels and the party does not accept them and we don't even know who they are.
O Government MDA, Have the Chief Minister, Ministers or MLAs used the same vehicles bought since 1972 to go to work every day?
Before the planting ceremony, a meeting was held with Shape Pasweth in the presence of Taiwanyoo War.
In a statement, the Bethany Hospital team congratulated Dr.D.Ranee and his team for this hard work, which has brought about this success.
You are the one who is older in the relationship, so you need to know better.
Aristotle said the union has decided to leave because the government is still preparing and if you go to take part in the protest especially on Teachers' Day, he said it is a pity because the government has not. she worked hard.
The Mawroh Dorbar Shnong is also pleased to celebrate its 75th Anniversary.
He said that from the first day, T.500 tyngka was collected from one truck carrying coal, but now they have increased it to T.1000 per truck.
That is why I say that the political situation in this state and West Bengal is different”.
The KSU has scheduled to hold a nationwide celebration across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has introduced a very important idea in these days to discuss and should do this, and that is to hold elections once every five years across the country. The country from MLA, MP as well as to avoid waste of time, waste of time, disruption of development works and to avoid all the problems.
“It has been witnessed that in the past few days, parties holding rallies in Shillong and the district as a whole have erected signboards, flags, banners and other items promoting the your party.
Speaking to reporters, Bah G. Bruce Sawkmie, Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah Pyllun, said, “We support the Dorbar Shnong for the issuance of trading license by the KHADC. shops to foreign countries, while the Khasi brothers can do these jobs themselves in this time of unemployment.
However, he resigned from the IPS post to contest the Lok Sabha elections in 1984 and won from the Congress.
They said that if the government has policies to increase the salaries of office workers like the 4th and 6th Pay Commission, why can't it formulate policies for the farmers through the Agriculture Department.
“We are still seeking the support of parties other than the Congress to nominate a joint candidate to contest against the Congress candidate.
“When we contest the elections, we contest on our own principles and when it comes to the formation of the government, it is with another piece.
Meghalaya also won two medals in table tennis.
This letter enclosed with the forms was sent by post.
Corruption is deeply entrenched in this state.
However, Lajong managed to save the first goal through Abdoulaye Koffi in the 29th minute.
A Khasi mother may say: “What right do you have to take care of my children?” (although in fact it is because of him that she has those children and the thanksgiving proves this).
Mary's victory, this time, has earned her seven gold medals, previously she won five and she won her last gold medal in 2010, in the 48 kg category.
“We will set a timetable for how to do it and at the same time how to spend the money.
She said that after returning from the programme, she noticed that the fire was still burning, and the family members tried to extinguish it but could not.
Gradually, the child started to lose weight and started to have difficulty breathing and immediately she was taken to Sohra CHC which is 48 kilometers (2 hours) away. you are dead.
After this, the search and rescue operation continued.
“I want to clarify that people should not misunderstand that the amount of T.1,35,00,000 is not only for the cleaning of the Umkhrah River but also for other works,” said Bah Pynshngain.
In the final of last season, Mawlai SC lost many chances, while Ryntih SC lost two goals which were ruled offside.
Nongpoh, Lber 30 : With the aim of preserving the customs and traditions of the Raid Nongpoh, the Raid Nongpoh today revived one of the rituals. The traditional shad Sajer is located on Mount Wortoh which is a sacred place where the sacrifice has been performed since ancient times.
However, on the other hand, Bah Mayrald expressed his happiness after being able to complete the Northern Ri Bhoi College, which is the greatest dream of Dr. DD Lapang. He did not give up on the College, because he had faced many problems with the College.
Ed who have been appointed teachers.
Shillong: The State Government will celebrate the World Tourism Day tomorrow.
Other speakers on the occasion included Dame HPde of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, Dr.N Nongpluh, Medical Superintendent of Narman Tunnel Hospital, Aris Nongkynrih, Chief Official, MCSWA. , in the presence of the youth to be trained and others who were invited, while the welcome speech was delivered by Samla Spero M.Lamare.
He said that in the past, people with mental disabilities were discriminated against in society.
The union also asked the teachers who have not received the information to accept this news as information.
The meeting was attended by 300 elders and religious leaders from 33 countries of the world on how to use the wisdom of our ancestors to bring peace and mutual respect in the world.
In the past few days, there has been a clash between the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the leaders of several groups that have formed the Joint Action Committee (JAC) to protest against the closing date of the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday and demand to postpone the closing date of the festival to other days.
Neroca FC coach Manuel Retamero Fraile said they will try to win again as they did in the previous game.
He said that when they saw that these foreigners had gone to stand at the place in Byrnihat, they also went to ask the people where they intended to go and They said that they wanted to go to work for Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar in Khyndai Lad and Laitumkhrah, but when they showed their documents, many of them did not have the documents. Proper documents, especially Labor Certificate, that foreign workers must have when they come to work in the State.
Mawthadraishan Block is only 3 km from Nongkasen on the road to Marngor.
The city's governor, Viacheslav Chaus, confirmed the incident, which killed 53 people, on Tuesday.
Terrorists who kill unarmed people and children should not be called terrorists...they are terrorists.
Ribhoi while the bronze medal was won by the athletes of West Garo Hills.
It is also interesting to know that they have increased their patrols in the evening, especially in the areas of Khyndai Lad.
Nine Russian soldiers, who suffered from severe asthma, have been admitted to Belarus for treatment and most of them are reportedly unaware that they have entered the area. long bih shi cat.
Revelation 13:5
Those who do are the big ones but those who are accused are the small ones.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit (AIM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the killing of two brothers from Nongrah village.
Bah Ardent has been on strike indefinitely until 23rd June to demand that the state government should review the reservation policy which he feels is unfair on the allocation for the The Khasi and Jaintia ethnic groups are more paid than the Garo ethnic groups.
He said that instead of turning around, we have seen only mutual accusations and that they have the right to the government.
Police said that the victim was seriously injured and was sent to NEIGRIHMS for treatment. Police said that another incident occurred in the evening. On the 18th of this month, unidentified robbers broke into the house of Jessica Kharbuli at Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong and stole a TV set, two LPG cylinders, T .1,000/-, and other items.
It is no longer the time for us to point fingers at each other, but to think about how to work hard and understand each other so that we can see a government that has the responsibility to achieve the goals. which our country and nation are experiencing.
The Minister of Agriculture said that a committee will also be set up to look into the law that the KHADC intends to introduce regarding the market.
TMC members are preparing to hold public rallies across West Bengal from 2 pm today to protest against the Indian government's attack on the. government in West Bengal.
The Constitution to allocate women to the Legislative Assembly has been introduced since the time of the Congress Government and has been suspended until now.
Read also “Who is the Father” 2015 and “The Khasi Khasai” 2018 by SA Kurbah.2 Read “The Khasi Religion” 1937, page 192, by Homiwell Lyngdoh.
Jyrwa said that all the candidates have the confidence to reach the goal, but the UDP is a very strong party and the party leaders are candidates who have contested elections with them. The crowd who supported them cheered them on.
The South African Ministry of Home Affairs is reviewing the bill in recent days and said the government has issued the Green Paper on Marriages this month. Green Paper, that the current law in the country does not recognize the Hindu, Jewish, Muslim and Rastafarian marriage laws.
Samla Marngar also read out the nine decisions taken after the discussion on the Standstill Agreement, the Instrument of Accession, the Annexed Agreement and the Sixth Schedule and how to protect the culture and traditions from being destroyed. iuhroit in the laws and policies of the Central Government, as part of the celebration of the 34th birth anniversary of Pa'iem Wickliffe Syiem, the youngest Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima.
Parents have to work hard to support their daughters.
On the other hand, the crowd did not eat dohblang.
There is a time for everything, including a time for marriage.
However, it has now fallen apart as its leaders have defected to the Trinamool Congress (TMC).
Let us mention here seven problems raised by the Aadhaar Number and also the measures that can be implemented: The Aadhaar number should be used only for assistance and benefits provided by the Government to the public through the Government Fund or the Consolidated Fund of India and can also be used for other means by which people can identify themselves as citizens. if the identification through the Aadhaar card and Aadhaar number is not valid.
The deadline for payment of VAT to the Government was usually within 100 days or 3 months, but now it has been set within 30 days.
L.P.School in 1962 with the support of Khaw Kham through the Women's Circle Jakrem where Babu Kren Syiemlieh of Dewlieh taught first at this school, then Babu Living Shangdiar and later Babu Klingson Rani. They have moved to Sohliya Ribhoi District, where it is not known exactly when they worked in the past years.
As sought, the reasons were due to the lack of support and others were due to personal reasons.
From Iewduh to Khyndai Lad and even other villages, the cleanliness of the public places has increased from year to year.
Leading party leaders from MPCC Secretary Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, MPCC Vice President Rikut N Parien and MDCs were also present on the occasion. AA Shullai, members of the Youth Congress Meghalaya from its President Adrian LC Mylliem and others who attended the meeting.
This means that only 152 candidates have escaped losing that money.
:In the meeting between the leaders of the Regional Committee and the Chiefs of Hima, Raid and Shnong, to discuss the border crossing, which was held today at Nongpoh, Only two border areas between Meghalaya and Assam, one in Raid Nongtung (Block-2) under Hima Khyrim and one in Sunapur, have been discussed. It is known as the Demoreah Country which belongs to the Mylliem Hima.
The election for Sordar Raid Shabong will be held on the 11th of November 2013. There are three candidates including Bah Jeffree Khonglam from the House, Bah Kolektor Khongdup from the House. Khlur and Bah Bigest Lyngdoh from the field.
Banteidor Lyngdoh in Sohra, Lahkmen Rymbui in Amlarem, Sanbor Shullai in Dadenggre, Macmillan Byrsat in Pynursla, Rupert Momin in Chokpot and Abdus Saleh. , MLA from Raksamgre, MLA from Mawshynrut and Pius Marwein from Ranikor.
On the other hand, Bah Wankhar said that the party will meet with the Minister in charge and the Chief Minister on this issue.
A woman and her family have been arrested by Japanese police after the body of a headless man was found inside a room at the Love Hotel.
He said this after the EC meeting on Thursday where it was decided to visit the border villages especially as the second phase of the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam is underway.
He said that after the arrangements were made, he as the Minister in charge of the DCA gave his approval and then it was sent to the Chief Minister where he also approved. When asked how he feels about the Governor's order to the government to take the Bill to the people for their opinion, HDR said, “We has done its best, we hope the governor will agree to pass it".
Global demand for food products is responsible for a 4% increase due to urbanization, economic growth and ease of consumption of these products.
There were 23 participants for the title and among them, Tanvi Raksam Marak won the title of winner of the pansngiat along with a cash prize of T.1 lakh. Sanwaka Surong came first and Nazareen Kharubon came second.
“The NHAI has used too much power by setting up two gates within 50 KM without thinking of the people and the operation of these gates is easy,” said Shnalad Rymbai.
He said that the state government has implemented many programs for the development of farmers.
In English these musicians are called MUSICIANS. In other words they are called DHULIA or TANGNOH KI TANGBOIT. The Khasi word for anything that is sticky or difficult to release is called BIT NOH. For any fight or struggle, especially in sports, the winners receive, in English it is called MEDAL .In the Khasi language it means that they receive TAKMA. Such as gold medal, silver medal, bronze medal.
On the other hand, the state government has set up Special Courts in the districts to prosecute those who violate the provisions of the MMDR Act.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskein Circle has strongly condemned the robbers who attempted to take the life of an elderly man from Biar village, West Jaintia Hills on Monday night.
Chief Guest P.Shullai in his speech , said that this is the best step taken by the leaders of the church together with the JSU and the people should understand that this is a task The most sacred thing in life as human beings is to help our fellow human beings with the Blood, and we should also have a spirit of knowledge that if we help others they will help us.
The village is far from the main road and the existing road is constructed through MNREGS from Thiepjaphlang to Shilianrynñoaw, which connects to the MNREGS road constructed by Tlon village to Shilianrynñoaw. The road has been constructed by the village of Umshynrut.
On Saturday, he told his brother-in-law that the child had died and he also told the place where he had buried the child.
Who do the people vote for these MPs? In the past six years, the country has had a stable government because there has been no change of leadership or government and it has gone smoothly.
In a statement, the aid groups expressed their regret over the incident and said that they didn't want too much military uniforms or clothes to wear but only oxygen to breathe. If you don't find the body with a sign, you have to wait until it falls into the water.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that he plans to set up 40 beds for COVID-19 patients in Jirang Constituency, ie 20 beds in Byrnihat. and 20 in Patharkhmah area, to assist those who have been infected with COVID-1
She was a pharmacist and nurse until her later days.
He said that the district administration has spoken to the contractor and they have received information that this road has been constructed under the scheme of the central government.
It is worth mentioning that the VAB, which the ARPA has accused the PDF of passing without listening to the discussions, has caused many discussions and debates till today.
Bah Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai General Secretary, Dr. Aman Warr, has warned all the health departments, who refuse to provide treatment to the sick people at these times, because the sick people have their rights. to Health Care through the Constitution of India.
Although Rynjah's players tried to turn the tide, they failed to score and in the end they suffered a defeat.
However, the officers of the Bank said that the examination for recruitment has been conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Bank and also in accordance with the arrangements of the Government of India. , 2017 The Ministry of Financial Services has written that such persons, who do not know the local language, will be given 6 months to one year to learn to understand and speak the local language. Citizen.
Here is fulfilled what Jesus said: “When you see the fig tree withered away, the rain is near.
It is true that when it takes time to reach the road or Nongpoh, it is easier to pass through Guwahati, because the road is good and fast, but today, Conrad K Sangma, u He passed through this road and it took him a long time to reach Nongpoh, due to the poor condition of the road and it was not possible for the vehicle he was riding to move fast.
“Ka seng strongly condemns those who committed this crime, that those who brought this child and they are more than evil spirits.
Chief Guest Justine Dkhar encouraged the members to walk in the path of righteousness and to work hard for the sake of the country and the nation.
However, there are rules and regulations in the dissemination of news and not to publish as much as you can without first investigating the facts.
According to reports on social media on 21-04-2020, Bah Kumno Sukhalin was killed on 20-04-2020 at Wah “Tyr A” near the village. Daistong, All three persons named Thos Lyngdoh, Toning Lyngdoh, Hap Lyngdoh, Baian Longdoh and Biang Lyngdoh are from Daistong Village. Clarify that Thos Lyngdoh and Toning Lyngdoh are not residents of Daistong.
Resource : the source, the source is the source; lum is not covered.
Shillong: U Minister of Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the search operation for the missing persons is still ongoing. the depth of the cave and the depth of the water.
The meeting was attended by experts and officials who discussed water shortage, pollution and climate change.
“Bah Metbah said that the party has asked for the opinion of some leaders within the party and outside the party. to draft the Manifesto of the party.
“As youth you should work hard and you should not be defeated in your struggle as students” said Samla Rangbah.
Thousands of people from all over the country came to witness the friendly football match which was held at Umroi Stadium. Secretary of State, MLAs including George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning, Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati, R Kharbuki MDC Umroi and officials from government departments. Rev IW Nongsiej Moderator of KJP Synod Sepngi was the chief guest.
The Chief Minister said the government is now waiting for the report of the Joint Team of Officials to find out the reason for the uranium deposit in the village.
The reason for the complaint to the DC is that Ladthalaboh village has reached the limit of getting water only 15 minutes in the morning. They get water only from 7 to 8 o'clock in the morning for 15-20 minutes and many times the water is unclean, sometimes dirty and sometimes red.
At this time of intense fight against Covid-19 in all the districts and states of our country, we have witnessed that the spread of the disease is increasing every day. Even to the villages and rural areas, it has spread as we have witnessed every day in the reports we receive from the government.
If the sky is dark, they too are dark in colour, and if the sky is bright, their skin is bright and so on.
John Sumer, Member of the Covid-19 Committee Baridua, said that during the investigation, the Manager of CRRI-BITCHEM admitted that he had received permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi. A copy has been sent to the Dorbar Shnong of Baridua.
Jowai 01 Nailur : The All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA) in collaboration with the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (AJCVA) has strongly condemned the killing of two tourist drivers from Jaintia Hills. The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai together with the relatives of the killed commercial vehicle drivers today held a rally and march in Jowai.
“The reckless driving especially of those who drive two wheelers has caused grief to the families especially to this woman who lives in Kynton Massar,” said Bah Brightstarwell.
Everyone is invited to work together to preserve the dohum dohpnat and allow them to grow.
These two women were paid by the Dorbar Shnong Tuber Kmai-shnong.
The meeting also directed all the circles to be ready to strengthen the party to contest the elections at any time.
Furthermore, at 9:30 pm, a truck carrying clinker from Lumshnong, collided with the police station at Lad Nartiang Police Reserve/Lad College. which is well built with dewbilat shall be broken down.
“There are many people in these days of lockdown who are happy and happy like a lyngki cow, because they stay at home, eat, eat and sleep without working or doing anything.
• They do not need to be paid at the time of testing.
“As I have taken part in bringing many issues in the Legislative Assembly since 2018, I will continue to do the same and I will not rest,” he said.
JNV teacher Priyanka said the Pariksha Pe Charcha is a new opportunity for the Prime Minister to talk to the students and the state of education in India.
Shillong, July 3: Many houses have been destroyed by a cold weather in Mawlasnai village which lasted for about 10 hours. The soping tin was also burnt down and the crops were destroyed.
He said that it has also stopped because the army has not given permission to run the pipes from the MES at Rilbong.
The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the open burning of trees, shrubs and other garbage in public places. private person.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) today announced the names of its state spokesperson Saket Gokhale and four others as its candidates for the Rajya Sabha elections. Assembly.
Lynnong -4The days and months passed quickly one after another.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: To express its pride and gratitude to Samla Gabriel Nongrum as one of the youths who is blind and blind, the HNYF Northern Region on Tuesday The Indian Blind Football Team has donated money to support the youngster who has represented India in the tournament in England through the Indian Blind Football Team.
Jemima Pohrman.
On the other hand, the Minister said that she wants to see that ambulances will reach every block and have facilities that can connect the seekers or patients from the time they leave home. until you are sent to the hospital.
For in the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage, but are like angels in heaven.
We will have to stand up again.
Thangsning SCC scored 128/8 in 20 overs.
Shillong, Lber 31: Nokrek Tigers beat Symper Panthers by 50 runs in the Senior Men Challengers Cup of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Friday. at the Polo field.
She said that there will also be a training on how to protect the environment through this costume contest.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: A tourist bus (AS-01DD-4133) driven by Khaibar Ali has collided with 22 persons at 9:30 pm on the 1st of this month. Students of Surendra Nath College, Kolkata, who came to visit the state, when the incident happened at Wahrymben Bridge, while they were on their way to Mawlynnong (EKH). the bus fled the scene.
“So, he became very angry and said: “Report where you are going, you don't know that I have authority over you; I am an MLA & MDC!” Thus it appeared that tomorrow the Scripture of the Lawgiver would violate the Law which he had created.
We always see PWD roads being turned into parking lots.
He said that many people have asked him why he would campaign for Bah Shylla who used to compete with him, to fight during the uranium issue, but as a leader of the people, it is part of his responsibility. If you don't have any more judgment, you don't have public authority.
One Indian was injured.
The event will also have a special initiative to bring awareness of financial matters to students.
After the work of the puh shilum, the stone was removed at about 7:30 pm.
Meghalaya won by 10 innings and 76 runs against Arunachal Pradesh in the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy three days ago.
:After the release of 'Local Utpaat', Kenny Basumatary and team are ready to entertain the audience once again with a new film about a biria story, titled 'Ki Kowa, Dosti.
The HC has fixed the hearing for the hearing on 5th November
When he heard the news, he sat down with the elders.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Four children from Pynthorbah have gone missing since yesterday.
Speaking to media, Bah Louis Dohtdong, Leader of the HNYM, said that the reason why the HNYM has visited these villages is because of the arrival of these people from Manipur. On the grounds that they do not want any disturbance affecting the residents of these border villages and as the union does not oppose their arrival, but the union urges them to pass through the Village Authorities and Police so that their visit to these villages should not be a threat to the peace and order of the residents of these villages in Meghalaya.
He has received many awards for his services.
No one from Meghalaya has been elected to join JP Nadda in the National Executive Committee.
“The winner of the National tournament and the two top scorers will also receive a part-time job or internship with the Tata Group.
She also explained that drugs are medicines and if misused they can affect and destroy the body and mind and lead to the point of injury.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the foundation stone as a sign of the start of improvement and cleaning of the village roads (3.357 KM long) in Laitlyngkot Elaka, the PDF leader from Sohra said this. crore 70 lakh from the State Plan on Tuesday.
Km, area and population 43,552 villages only 95 villages.
The BSF seized 61 cows in three days.
She said that government employees should understand that they are not the owners of this place, but they are government employees who have been paid a salary to serve the people. directly to the site for the protest.
The Minister said that in the last five years, the participation of women in Self Help Groups has increased from 30,000 to 4.5 lakh.
There are 80 boxes of soap in the bag.
“We want to ask the NPP party what is behind this urgent decision to decide on the border settlement. From the beginning we don't want to say anything on this issue because we want to I don't trust the MDA government to take this step to resolve this issue, which has been going on for many years because they have left it alone but when the signs show, the people are suffering. The question is what is behind this urgent action on the border.
Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaïawmoit has admitted that there has never been a kilo cut in Ïewduh during his tenure as Chief Executive Member (CEM). KHADC) through the Executive Members (EM) have issued the order to cut kilos of agricultural products and taxes in the past years during his tenure as CEM. On the other hand, the current CEM of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the allegation by Bah Ardent that the Executive Committee is sitting in kli-kti is incompatible and untrue because the Council has done its duty.
The woman was seriously injured and was taken to Star Cement Hospital, but died of her injuries.
On this occasion, Naba Bhattacharjee, came forward to donate to the Dobar Shnong Lawsohtun, as a sign of the beginning of the training.
Bah Nongtraw urged the SHNLC members to refrain from politicizing the issue and not to cross the border as the HNLC will take action.
Shella School, which became the Proceeding High School in 1860, had many boys in 1872 – 73: but only 30 of them took Bengali and others. their subjects.
For example, the camera can capture the inside of the television remote control or objects hidden under clothes.
Dorothy has trained in Human Resource Management.
Jerlang SC won 2-1 sets against Tynnai SC. There are 17 teams who have participated in the 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Volleyball Tournament
In its emergency meeting chaired by Bah Monarch Shabong, the Executive Meeting of the Prime Minister expressed its satisfaction with these remarks and hoped that the government under his leadership will fulfill the promises he made in front of the journalists on that day.
Shillong, November 12 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday announced the names of 14 candidates for the 2023 MLA elections, including from the constituency of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh.
She was responding to reports in some media that the government intends to hand over to a company to operate 108 ambulances.
Chiran Moshahary was arrested at the Police Quarter, Jail Road, Shillong.
Furthermore, the lack of school buildings, the dropout of teachers, the lack of control and monitoring of schools does not improve these schools.
In the first innings, Nongkseh scored 213 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 39.4 overs.
State Vice President of the BJP, Bernard N Marak, said the party has doubts regarding the fraud on bill lights and this is like collecting taxes from the state residents, because the state He said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Electricity, James K Sangma and all the Ministers should look into this matter. .
Many earthquakes have occurred in Garo Hills during the heavy rains which have claimed the lives of several people.
How He will resurrect me and you, where we will feel for ourselves and that resurrected life will be manifested in the world, seeing us how we live every day.
The District Council is not an agent of anyone but it is part of the Constitution and the KHADC should come forward to speak out and block this project and if it is necessary to cooperate with the State Government or the Government of India, to protect the ownership of the District Council.
Dr Aman Warr, Director of Health Services (DHS) of the State Government in Meghalaya, said that the COVID-19 pandemic has spread to the state.
Tolas Dkhar scored 24' and Seiru Dkhar 46' for Risingstar FC.
When asked, Bah Lyngdoh said, “It is not just to get the recognition as an Institute of National Importance.
“We have already identified the seating area for these shopkeepers together with the SMB. Therefore, MUDA has come forward to provide support and we expect that in these areas they will sell. These residents of the MUDA Complex in Khyndailad will be able to accommodate these residents.
“We collect 50 tyngka for each heavy vehicle, while for small vehicles we collect 20 tyngka,” said the guards.
We think the people of Sohiong are happy that they have been able to fulfill their duty after waiting for almost three months to vote.
The second, according to the AJM Mills Report 1853, states that Rev. Thomas Jones died of a broken heart as a result of being humiliated and tortured in the Corruption Court in Sohra.
Who knows what you mean ? Example The ancient Khasi believed that the shang – kha para kha was more than the shang bah sang san than the shong shikur (which the Khasi believe today). I don't know if I'm a Khasi or not.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, today said that the number of confirmed cases of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District has risen to in South West Garo Hills District, and one in Ribhoi District.
“This decision of the government shows that it has violated the rules in the recruitment of nurses in the state,” said James while presenting the work of the health department in the state. this day.
In this regard, the department has also arrested 11 persons involved in these illegal activities and also charged them under the provisions of the Excise Act.
Shillong: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling today informed the House that the government intends to clean up the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers after receiving the funds. It is currently waiting for the funding from the Central Government.
Regarding the statement of Lop Stevenson and some others that those who have cases cannot run the village affairs, this is wrong and shows that these people are not clear about the law because as it is now the law of The District Council does not prohibit a Rangbah Shnong from becoming a Rangbah Shnong just because he has a case.
In order to maintain peace and order during the election, Ampati Police have so far arrested 23 persons under section 107/109/116 CrPC. Flying Squads and Static Surveillance are continuing to monitor for any violations of the Model Code of Conduct in the district. the election will not be held soon.
Although Britain had used force for centuries to include the Welsh, Scots and English in the synrop formed by Great Britain, part of the Irish from the east of the country Ireland, which fell under the rule of Great Britain or the United Kingdom, did not accept and belong to the Irish nation.
However, at the same time, those who have not yet received classes because they do not have the subjects at MLCU, are still lynga.
How interesting it is to listen to the stories of our ancestors when they tell us about the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi Rivers.
All the MDCs who held the post of MLA have resigned except Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, MDC of the Congress from Mawsynram who is also the CEM of KHADC. On this occasion, Pynshngaiñ said he is surprised that long-standing MDCs like HDR Lyngdoh and Ardent Basaiawmoit are ready to resign without any contest. that in the struggle one cannot know the victory or the defeat, but one cannot throw the sword into one's own neck.
The Organizing Secretary of the ENCC, Ma Kutinbiang Lamare, said that the meeting convened by the Dorbar Shnong Nongkhroh in the presence of the ENCC members also strongly condemned the Jowai Municipal Board for violating the voice of the people.
Similarly, when it comes to society and to this State as a whole, once every five years we elect those whom we like, those whom we love and those whom we have known through the work they do and those who help or work in any job.
“Don't sell your vote in the election, it is the most precious,” said Bah Frederick.
One of the children who became ill, had eaten only one symbol of these mit-mit and became ill.
“How are you?” I asked Rida's mother for permission.
The union said that there have been several shops that have taken advantage of the illegal sale of goods especially food items.
After this match, Niaw Wasa improved their play and Mynthong's goal was strong.
On the return home of Lionel Daryl, accompanied by his relatives, the groups that welcomed him included the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RB-DSA) and the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People. CORP in Umsning, YMA in Umran and FKJGP in Jorabat.
The truth is that many farmers are wearing scarves because of poverty.
Speaking on the occasion, Nina Jain, Secretary General of the USO, said that such tournaments organized by the USO are an opportunity for the students and teachers from all over the country. schools to take part in the gathering of information in various fields of knowledge.
Shillong, November 04 : The State Government has decided to install optical fiber to all the Block of the State to strengthen the connectivity through the internet.
Initially, Bah Titos W Chyne together with his wife, children and family members left for the AWT Girl's Home in Jaiaw, Shillong to donate food items to 48 orphans. female.
Rust: means rust is the rot of the leaves of the coin that produces dark spots.
Shillong, July 11: Due to the Supreme Court's decision to implement the Aadhar number, Aadhar holders have to go to the villages in the evening to force the residents to register Aadhar number correctly. They urged and threatened that the Supreme Court has decided that all Aadhar should be cancelled.
Shillong: Khasi women who sell land in Khyndailad have complained that a foreigner who is a khar suh juti in Khyndailad in the area opposite the Delhi Mistan has assaulted them. The state has also spoken rudely to these women who sell goods in the area. He said that this is not a new incident but it has happened every day until these women are not allowed to sell. They have lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS. U khar suh juti who has assaulted and assaulted Khasi women who are selling in Khyndailad.
So far, 5,252 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in Britain to 93,8
The union also demanded that the leaders of South West Khasi Hills District, Rinikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat who is also a Minister of State, Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat and Pius Marweiñ, MLA & MDC Ranikor Constituency should speak out and urge the government to take action on this issue.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, Bah SL Kongwang, on Tuesday said that the incident on July 25, in which several youths were shot dead by the army, was caused by the incident. The Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, said that he does not know the origin of the incident, as they were not present at the scene, but it was the BSF's incident. , because at about 9 pm, the youths who were walking and standing with the youths from other villages, wanted to go to Dawki, but the vehicle broke down and they stopped there and wanted to repair the vehicle. .
The government needs to take action to introduce stronger public awareness measures on the issue so that families can become more thoughtful and vigilant.
(President R War 8837490375, Secretary S.Bareh 8837003929).
Educational Qualification:- Graduate in any discipline from any recognized University with Mathematics, Statistics or Economics as one of the subjects in the degree course.
The Nongkynti Hok from our ancestors who have suitted and worshiped the image of Longbriew and the image of wealth of the Pyrkhat Khara of the ancestors who have only prayed-ka phirat, kyrpad-ka kyrpon snapped with it on the ground floor Seng Khasi, Mawkhar of the three days of celebration.
“I am surprised to learn that many people from Meghalaya who live on the border do not get the injection, but the people who live on the Assam side are willing to get the injection”.
He said that it is confusing and he himself has said clearly that the casinos have been introduced from outside. “It is a shame because in Meghalaya where many of the residents are “We are Christians and we cannot play with that,” he said, asking the Government whether it should be clear whether this Ordinance will be the Gaming Act or the Gaming Rules.
Why are schools like this?4
Speaking to reporters, Bah Longsing Bey said that as the TMC candidate, he has also contested from Nongpoh Constituency as the head quarter of Ri Bhoi District. The change in the Constituency which is lagging behind in all aspects and it is also a shame to be called the Head Quarter of the District while this Constituency is lagging behind in all aspects especially the roads as soon as you enter. In the rural areas, the backwardness of the Constituency has been clearly seen.
On Thursday, many people came to encourage students including Research Scholars from NEHU and many colleges and institutions.
There are two things, the first is that this Act will violate all the employment rights of the indigenous people and other types of jobs.
Bah Deng was pleased that what he had expected to reveal in front of the Baieid family had come true.
The partition of Jammu & Kashmir has brought about a lot of trouble overnight.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Minerva Punjab 1-0 in the I-League on Saturday. at the Tau Devi Lal Stadium in Chandigarh.
Many dignitaries and government officials attended the one-day tree festival which was attended by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
If we understand the UCC, then the question we can ask is whether it will affect our nation? Yes, if they make it a law, it will apply to the whole country but we fall under the 6th Schedule.
The 14th round of the South Asian Football Federation Cup (SAFF) was held in the past few days alongside India, who are still the champions of the tournament. .
Shillong: U Peter Kharkongngor (70), resident of Wahthapbroo, was taken to Nazareth Hospital at 5.20 pm today.
The matter was postponed and the Lamphang said it would be completed on the 25th of October.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Banbuddien Suting, President FKJGP Pahamsyiem Unit, said that the purpose of the visit was to verify that these foreigners who came to work in the country have complied with the rules. The law does not allow you to work in this village as a foreigner who comes from another state.
–Nelson Mandela.
With this name gradually in the future, the name of the nine generations will disappear from the face of the earth.
If so, it will affect the Jeep Willys, which are very old Jeeps and trailers and these are still goods vehicles that travel around Shillong and are strong enough to They carry building materials and other daily necessities and also carry water around.
Leaders including the women of the Seng Khasi Laitkor have been pleased to have their own branch since 1974 due to the influx of religions from overseas which could affect the identity of the Khasi people.
We recognize the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah, the Rangbah Shnong, the Rangbah Dong Rynjah that the Dorbar Shnong has empowered them,” said the CEM. The KHADC will confirm that it will not accept only the syrnot issued by the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
As the days and months of the Shad Niam Behdienkhlam in the Raij Jowai are approaching, the religious servants of the Raij from the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan together with the children of the kurs who take part in the religious activities. They were used to perform various rituals or sacrifices in accordance with the religious rules that have been established since the beginning of the Raij of the Shnong.
The people of these uranium rich areas and the state should know the truth of the dangers of uranium mining which affects the health of the people and causes tuberculosis,” said the president of CSWO. Mrs. Agnes Kharshiing.
The government also said that according to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, the officers of the Inquiry Wing and Prosecution Wing must be retired from government service.
It is worth mentioning that the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat has been able to hold many activities during the month which started from 23rd November, 2023 and ended on 6th July,
The KSU said in a statement that the news published on 1st November 2018 is biased and misleading to the public because the article is wrong and causes confusion on the statement of the President of the KSU on asked some journalists.
At the same time, the JSM has demanded that the Government should set up a Police Outpost at Psiar village under Jowai Police Station, Huroi village under Lumshnong Police Station and Lakadong village under Khliehriat. Police Station and to upgrade the Lad Rymbai Putpost to a Police Station.
The exhibition titled 'Where the Mind is Without Fear' was held at the BTU Gallery, Bangkok, Thailand and opened on Tuesday.
He alleged that the Central Government and the State Government under the leadership of the BJP have not followed the provisions of the Constitution when taking any decisions related to these issues in Manipur.
This comes just 10 days after a group of street vendors sent a petition to the state government regarding the problems they face.
“If they don't appoint them within three months, we will hold another strike,” he said, adding that the chairman-cum-managing director, Bah PS Thangkhiew, should keep his promise to resign if the MeECL cannot appoint these jugali.
The JSU said that the sudden passing away of Bah Shylla is a great loss to the country and the nation and it is difficult to raise such a great thinker.
Shillong, Naitung 12 : Up to 27 karate players of the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association, Shillong, under the leadership of Arju Sewa and Edwilbert K Nongkynri as coaches and Pynhunlang Kharbuli as manager, will compete in the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association, Shillong. The India Karate Championship 2022 will be held on the 15th and 16th of this month at the Indoor Stadium, Bahatarai, Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh.
This is encouraging even in the midst of the emergence of many intellectuals of this era,” said Sharma while talking to reporters on Saturday.
All the Waheh Village headmen from Umlyngsha, Lama, Natbor, Borghat, Pdeiñwahkhynriaw, Demlakang and Kwator shall be members of the Executive Committee.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday announced that the residents of East Jaintia Hills District will be able to buy essential commodities during the curfew period. .2020, 20.04.2020, 21.04.2020, 22.04.2020, 23.04.2020 and 24.04.2020 or until further notice shall be as follows:- grocery shops (marbam mardih shops), mobile recharge shops, confectionary shops, cosmetics shops, tire shops, food shops, shops health care, pharmacy.
Bhutan coach Yeshi Wangchuk congratulated the Meghalaya Football Association and the Sports Department for welcoming them to the two-day friendly.
“In the past, there was a lot of confusion when issuing dulir, but now these dulir have to be issued to the KHADC so that the Council can keep a record and confirm it,” he said.
Suicide Prevention Day is celebrated every year on the 10th of November worldwide with the aim of reducing the number of suicides and increasing public awareness on prevention issues.
Bilgrak G Sangma took three wickets for 24 runs in three overs.
“According to the applicants for the post of Nursing Officer, they have to go to Jodhpur, Guwahati and other places outside the state to write the examination.
He gave the example of the Shillong-Dawki road which has been suspended due to lack of permission from the Forest Department.
The screening camp was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh on Tuesday.
This is because the hills have to be cleared and the rocks have to be cleared including the filling of the lowlands.
Meghalaya Livestock Minister Alexander Laloo Hek said that Meghalaya can use small trains, as done in Darjeeling, West Bengal.
Tripura, which tied first, set a target of 146 for the loss of four wickets in 20 overs while Meghalaya failed to reach the target and scored only 43 runs for two wickets in nine overs.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The Income Tax Department (ITA) has closely monitored the illegal deposits of Panama Papers in Meghalaya.
Therefore, please expedite this matter to talk to NHAI as this road is no longer a national highway,” said Wellson. RD Siangshai said that the JSM has decided to close down the Toll Plaza on the grounds of the deterioration of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. The NHAI, in a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, has set a deadline for the repair of this road but when the deadline expired, the NHAI has not been able to complete the repair. “Therefore, we have come to close down this Toll Gate which collects taxes from vehicles. “If the road is not repaired, we will not allow foreigners to come and earn money from our country and our district because it does not benefit the people,” he said. said Mr. Siangshai.
About 30 bike riders who used to fill up diesel at the Reliance Petrol Pump 14 miles away today complained and demanded compensation from the pump after filling up diesel from the pump this morning; When they had traveled about 500 meters, their motorcycle stopped and could not move.
Dilliram, who lost the 2018 MLA election with 3296 votes, joined the NPP to support the party's mid-term candidate Ferlin CA Sangma.
The DC has urged such people to evacuate their belongings which they have left inside the PWD road in Nongstoin within 7 days. Shillong, October 29: The All Meghalaya Dancers Association (ADA) has issued a complaint of Rs 1,000 for disturbing the public and will be prosecuted under the provisions of the IPC. will hold a public meeting tomorrow at 11.00 pm at Stand Jaiaw Mawkhar with the support of various musicians and the participation of various civil society organizations.
The JSU has sent a letter to the Managing Director of the Northeast Frontier Railway on March 15, 2021 and has immediately closed down the ticket office. train to Jowai.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Vice President and Chairman of the Tournament Committee of the Union, Bah TR Shanpru in the presence of members of the SSA. Golflink SC beat Mawpat 15-0, Mawlai SC beat Mawpat 5-2 while Laitkor SC beat Jongksha SC 5-2 Shillong: Tynrai Women's Basketball Academy beat Tyllilang Academy by 50 to 25 points in the first leg of the tournament. match which will be held on Monday.
In a letter sent to the Congress leaders, Kejriwal expressed his gratitude on behalf of the 2 crore residents of the city.
Sid in one of the interviews talked about his desire to act in superhero films and hoped that there will be Bollywood filmmakers who will think about such films.
The report also said that Russia and Belarus will not be able to hold any foreign tournaments within their borders.
Shillong, K'lyngkot : The State Government today said that it has been able to implement many schemes to support the most vulnerable people such as the elderly, people with disabilities and women. who no longer have a family sponsor.
Earlier, Shah said that the bloodshed which started on 3rd June has continued until now and the government has also set up peace committees as part of the efforts to restore peace. sign in the state.
Therefore, Section 144 CrPC has prohibited the use of plastic bags or plastic bags and the public should not buy, make or use them. The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has issued a notice to the suspects.
“The Police Department has informed us that as soon as the construction of the skywalk starts, there will be a heavy traffic jam and therefore we have to prepare in advance for all this,” he said.
Tapan Das was taken to a hospital in Guwahati after sustaining serious injuries.
Sources said that those who came to surrender on this day had just completed their training and on this day they did not bring any weapons.
He said that it is this government that has removed the synsar which used to be known as markhlaw and has now turned into marrep.
The project worth T.84.92 crore has been allocated for the development of tourist attractions in these districts.
According to the announcement, the commission will have one chairperson and three members, one of whom will be a member secretary not less than the rank of Joint Secretary of the state government.
There are 288 posts vacant as per this notification.
The Seng also urges all the residents of the area and all the Waheh Shnongs to join hands with the Seng not to allow the entry and exit and trade with the Karbi until peace comes among the Karbi. and the city of Khanduli.
Police sources said that he had warned many of the residents that if they did not pay the money, he would arrest them because his demand for money was forced. He was appointed Commandant of the Home Guard.
Speech was delivered by the Myntri Shnong Umjarain who urged all the residents of the village to cooperate with the Seng Samla Shnong for the purpose of bringing about a clean environment in the village. the whole market of Umjaraiñ.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Jason S Mawlong, Chairman, congratulated all the office bearers of the VO, who have worked hard throughout the year since its inception in providing services to the VO. It is through the cooperation of the SHG's within the Village Organization that many changes have been brought about in the village.
Welcome to Kynshi.
RKM (Sohra) is one of the most prominent missions in India and it is also the most quick mission to help the poor in times of need. .
Because of this incident, the security forces have deployed in the Motphran area, Them Iewmawlong to prevent any incident.
It is the duty of each and every one of us to take care and ensure that the seeds or tree trunks we plant on Environment Day or other days should survive , grow and grow so that the purpose will be achieved long victorious and equal.
By reading books, they can take a person's life to another world.
On the occasion, they held a meeting at the residence of the staff of the Board in Kyrshai, where the Minister of Electricity, Engineer in charge of the Brahmaputra Board, (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh MLAs attended the meeting and decided to stop the project immediately.
He also criticized the NPP and UDP which have been the stumbling blocks of many development projects in the state, from the loss of salaries of teachers, the shooting death of Bah Cherish Thangkhiew and the unemployment of the youth.
Through the customs and traditions we can distinguish and recognize between the different ethnic groups of our country so we need to preserve the customs and traditions of our country especially the dress code. the language, the song, the dance, the music, the music so that our nation can survive.
If they accept what we have prepared, the money sent by the government is enough because we have provided the domestic arrangement as we used to do in the past, and if this happens, it will be a game again. to keep them here.
Referring to the other prizes awarded on the final day of the tournament, in the girls' category, the prize went to the students of West. Khasi Hills District after winning 5 gold and one silver and one bronze medal each and the second place went to the students of Ri-Bhoi District after winning 4 medals. 7 gold medals, 7 silver and 8 bronze medals.
“This Mission in Tura is not a success, because many places have only pipes and water tanks but there is no water,” he added.
On this occasion, the winners of the tournament were awarded prizes to the winners of the tournament by Bah Wallam Shadap of Mawlasnai parish. Hubert Syngkli, Best Goalkeeper and Abiroi Mawroh of Mawlasnai Parish, where the awards were presented by Umroi MLA, Bah George B. Lyngdoh as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the tournament. .
The leaders of the Youth Wing also explained that the Youth Wing and the Tyrso Dorbar Shnong as a whole express their regret over the allegation against Tyrso and this is only because of the presence of those who are trying to take advantage. to destroy the village, said the leaders of the Tyrso Pullun Village Youth Association.
Because evidence was found that as a government servant, he had taken over, robbed and robbed the land, farms and fields of the people of Riwar; besides violence and discrimination against the Khasi in other types of work (2011:168).
The BJYM leaders had spoken to the Secretary of STA who invited them to come to the office in Lachumiere but when the BJYM leaders left, the STA chief had already left because he had given reasons. , the Prime Minister was summoned to the Secretariat.
“Even though the government has intimidated the government employees who failed on the day of the office blockade, the civil society has promised to stand by them and the government employees should not be afraid of intimidation. of the government,” said Bah Marbud.
The Village Defense Party of Laskein Dorbar Shnong has banned anyone from fighting within the boundary of Laskein Village.
He urged everyone who is going through or who has mental health problems to seek help from family members, friends to get help or cooperation so that they can feel free. and to receive support in seeking cures or improvements in physical and mental problems.
Referring to the fact that Meghalaya has recently received the award for the best implementation of the JJM scheme, Bah Tongkhar said that although the Engineers and Officers of the department have worked hard to provide the best. however, there is still room for improvement.
He said that benami destroys the nation, just like extinguishing a fire with petrol, those who commit benami should know or understand that if the fire burns, the destruction belongs to the perpetrators.
Police said that among the 26 people who sustained injuries, 23 were school children, one bus driver and two teachers.
On this occasion, Babu Ramsiej also handed over the land titles for the construction of the water pipes for the JJM scheme to the MDC. It strongly condemned and opposed the arrest and detention of members of the party from Mawlai and Nongthymmai by the government authorities through the police department.
PC Mohanan and JV Meenakshi, teachers of Delhi School of Economics, were elected in July 2017 to the NSC. In early November, the government has not done anything for two months.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : Meghalaya has produced skilled leaders in the field of sports, not only at the District and State levels, but also at the National Level. by leading the Indian sports federations to away games.
When I looked at the Umiew in Smit, I was shocked because people not only wash their clothes in the river but also break those baby clothes that contain eight – without hesitation.
On the National Register of Citizenship (NRC) as demanded by the political parties, he said the government has said that it will consider this and if necessary it should be brought to the Cabinet meeting to discuss whether it is appropriate or not. No.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 7,33,568, 5,31,563 recoveries and 23,444 deaths.
To tell the truth, the colors of the world attract and distract the eyes and minds.
In the first half, Chiliang SC scored the first goal through Arman Dkhar.
“I came to Sohra yesterday.
The website 'Rent-a-Hitman' is only a website for illegal immigrants, and the administrators of the website have been able to inform the police from time to time if there are any real intentions. to allow the users of this website to kill anyone they hate or have reason to kill.
The loss of (L) Bah HS Shylla is not only a loss to his family, but also a great loss to the country and the Khasi people as a whole.
We have suggested that if the supply of drugs from outside the state can be curbed, perhaps the state's fight against drugs will be successful,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
He said that the KHADC has installed these toll gates without NOC or permission from the village and if the village does not have any information about these toll gates, who else will be responsible if anything happens? “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah John Narleng.
The allegation that our people went to India doesn't come out anywhere,” said former economics teacher Mirza Fakhrul.
Nongstoin, November 20: Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited is the first telephone company to provide services to the public by erecting towers in various places.
The AIKSCC stands on the ground to demand from the Government of India to implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP) or to set the price of agricultural products of farmers across the country and also to waive the debt. of farmers in the country.
Therefore, regarding the curfew imposed by the government to curb the spread of COVID-19, the KSU and the Seng Samla Shnong Wahthapbru is deeply saddened and expresses its strong condemnation to the law enforcement agencies who work blindly when it comes to foreigners while they try to harass only when it comes to Khasi indigenous people. .
So we are afraid that we will lose our own money and we don't know what documents are needed to prove our citizenship and so we decided to withdraw our own money which is in large quantities. Many years in the bank,” said Jamath, who is in charge of the Haja. He said that many of the residents are discouraged because they do not have the documents to prove their citizenship.
The main parts he told me I noted down.
The village leaders on receiving a tip on the 14th of this month went to inspect and found that the stone marking the Kilometer at Zero Point Khanduli had been torn down.
KA SNIEHDOH: TIPS TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF AT HOME TO HAVE A HEALTHY AND BEAUTIFUL SNIEHDOH IN THIS SUMMER SEASON. However, the heat during the rainy season can affect your skin.
Harnamooid took the boom, and took the Loompyrdi to Langdoh's house.
The fourth Convocation was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest.
In the last match last month, Tpeppale beat Lutituber Ialong 9-1
The owner lives in the village while the cleaner lives in Shillong and sells in Motphran. 99% of the children of this Hima are more stupid than a cow.
Police have taken the body of the child for post mortem. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The film will be screened at Anjalee and Biju cinema halls and ticket prices will remain the same.
On the other hand, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang called upon the people of the state including the civil society organizations and demanded that the department and the government should take action on this issue so that the government officials will not be able to do so. but you don't want the public money.
Dr. DD Lapang, said that in the past years, during the outbreak of Nianglyngkut, Polio and other diseases, the people have had the same situation as now and They are not able to take part in the vaccination against these diseases, but with the presence of awareness campaigners, they have been able to convince the people to take the vaccine and this has led to the complete eradication of the vaccine. these kinds of diseases.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Legal Care and Support Center (LCSC) was inaugurated by Justice T Nandakumar Singh of the Meghalaya High Court on Saturday at St. Edmund's College.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face Neroca FC in the I-League at Khuman Lumpak Stadium in Imphal today at 2 PM. The match will be broadcast on Jio TV and Hotstar App.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the office of the Chief Executive Officer of the Jowai Municipal Board, has held a meeting to honor and congratulate the cleaners of the village. Jowai Municipal Board on 13th November 2013 at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar.
“People have criticized the government as much as they want but the internet ban should prevent any inconvenience to those who are protesting,” he said.
This action of the Government has deprived the right to life which the Central Government has allocated for the citizens of India.
This is the beginning of an information search in order to obtain the actual phenomenon of interest.
Telling Nongkynrih scored the first goal for Laitkroh SC in the 59th minute.
These cows were supposed to demonstrate how to teach children how to care for and use organic fertilizer, but they were stolen.
At the same time, he urged the youth to have a struggle in life in any sports and to work hard until they reach the goal.
Then in 2015, the Karbi rebels and insurgents attacked the Khasi Pnars again and killed a man named Labarious Nongrum in Madan Myn-i.
KAS West Khasi Hills, has held a special celebration of this day at Nongstoiñ College on Tuesday 22nd July. and they came together.
But how can I say, it's not my will, it's like saying that I've been deceived and forced...” Rida stopped and smiled.
“The amendment of the Reservation Policy has been a long-standing dream of the people. This issue has come up again this time because the government has implemented the roster later, trying to benefit only. Not only does it implement the roster only to appoint another ethnic group, but it makes the Khasi Jaintia ethnic group lose more and more benefits because it is old and inappropriate. and the time of the policy that has benefited only one ethnic group (Garo)”.
“It is our duty as Government to ensure that we put the youth first in anything we do for the State.
Earlier, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that such a meeting will provide an opportunity for the farmers to express their grievances.
Thus, we have witnessed the disruption of the movement of the public, school children, office workers, business workers and those who rush to see doctors at hospitals or clinics in each district headquarters of the state. Meghalaya only due to the filing of nomination papers of the candidates.
This was announced by Vladimir Putin of the country and named the drug 'Sputnik' after the Soviet satellite.
There are 4 recoveries from East Khasi Hills only.
The Hima should strengthen the laws and regulations but it has turned to the Ïewduh.
“The construction of the road from Lyngkyrdem to Lad Mawlyndun has been well constructed which has caused inconvenience to the passengers, pedestrians and villagers who may be injured.
Shillong: Police in East Khasi Hills, on 27th June 2018, arrested Bah Slander Syiem (35) from the village. Tyrsad, while selling cannabis in Paltan Bazar, was seized from 1kg 340grms of cannabis.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh on Saturday decided to implement the development works properly despite the COVID-19 pandemic. Shillong North Constituency has organized a common platform for all the candidates contesting the MLA election from Shillong North Constituency.
When they meet with those who are more courageous, they will understand and listen carefully that it is not good to just stand around and do what others do.
During the meeting, the four parties also discussed the information that the government will dismiss the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District who has recently assumed office. and it shall not be fulfilled for a year.
“From time to time, we see that the government of our state is wasting money on festivals.
“They have suspended, I don't know whether they have suspended,” said the MDC. He said that he has already sent people to build the public meeting hall and has also prepared the chairs to be used in the meeting hall. that day.
When the doctors examined the medicines, the doctors went to Shillong and found that the medicines were too strong. take care of yourself and heal yourself.
Voters who cannot verify through EPIC can bring one of the following proofs such as Aadhaar Card, MGNREGA Job Card, Passbooks or Post Office, Health Insurance Smart Card, Driving Licence, PAN Card, NPR Smart Card. , Indian Passport, Pension document and photograph, Service Identity Cards, Official identity cards issued to MP/MLA/MDC and Unique Disability ID (UDID) Card.
This was a special final, and thanks go to all the team and coaching staff for not losing in all the matches.
Meanwhile, another of the leaders who joined the two MLAs who recently sent their resignation letters as members of the Legislative Assembly, is the MDC of the Legislative Assembly. Emlangky Lamare of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has been elected from Narpuh constituency.
It is said that this group of demon worshipers first started from Nagaland where there was a promise that those who worship demons could get whatever they wanted such as wealth and status and were deceived by entering or believing. in this prayer you will fulfill all your desires and aspirations.
They also locked up all their houses and sat on the ground with placards.
“MeECL will install a transformer with a capacity of up to 500 KV,” the newspaper said, adding that the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department has already paid the money for the transformer since June.
“If the UDP leaders are the sons of the mother, leave the government from tomorrow,” said NPP candidate Bah Samlin Malngiang while speaking at an election campaign rally in Rangshken on Saturday.
He was born on 1st November, 1947 in Chapahati, West Garo Hills District, Meghalaya.
It started from All Saints' DHS School IGP, Barik, Dhanketi, Donbosco, Jacob's Ladder, St Anthony's College, AIR, Lower Lachumier, U Tirot Singh Stadium and ended at All Saints' DHS School Lower Gate.
According to information received, HANM has received permission to hold a protest for only three hours from 2 pm to 5 pm.
We walked in the darkness alone.
"“I would also like to tell the people that if there are other schemes, don't be confused but seek clarity first and if you get clarity and understand well, go ahead and don't worry. “Many of these things have happened because the world is now so vulnerable that if we get caught in these problems it will be a loss of life, it will be a loss of life and heartbreak,” said the Minister.
The UDP Nongstoin Pyllun has decided to nominate Bah Pullstar Nongsiej from Upper New Nongstoin as the MLA candidate for the year The UDP.The public meeting will be held this month in Nongstoiñ.
He invited all the parents, students and others who are concerned about the future to attend this meeting.
Besides, those with disabilities who receive Unemployment Allowances can also apply for the CMSAS scheme.
A school teacher has been arrested by the Jowai Police Station on charges of assaulting a child.
The HNLC strongly condemns the action of the police, led by the SP, who is a foreigner.
Shillong: There are about 475 taxi drivers in East Khasi Hills, according to Rupang.
His mother suggested that he should buy in advance building materials such as tin sop, lyntang, prek and others.
The driver of the jeep, Hariom, was one of the four people killed in the shooting incident, which followed the death of the farmers.
The Cabinet, which recently visited the state and Garo Hills, agreed to provide only T.72.82 crore from the National Disaster Response Fund.
Shillong, Nailur, 13: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday arrested two drug traffickers. Manbha Lyngdoh, 24, and Freddy Bantei Dhar, 29, were arrested.
The team will play four T20Is against Nepal in the first two matches at Pokhara Cricket Ground, Kaski and the remaining matches at Mulpani Cricket Ground, Kathmandu. .
May God bless you, for your good deeds, to grow in the future, in your good deeds, to serve more and more the people of your constituency, the Khasi country and the country. the whole state.
It is said that Lucas and his brother used to go around the NEIGRIHMS area to offer jhur to support their family, as they come from low income families.
The song is produced by Lamjingshai Film Production.
The BDO of Amlarem visited the area today and said that more than 100 houses have been damaged.
The teams that will take part in the tournament are last season's champions Mawlai SC, Shillong Lajong FC, Rangdajied United FC, Langsning FC, Ryntih SC and Nangkiew Irat SC. Sawmer SC and Nongthymmai SS&CC have been promoted to the SPL. Sawmer SC has returned to the SPL after playing well in the First Division. the game is not over.
Furthermore, there are other necessary equipment such as doors, blackboards and benches that are not available, and some schools have been used to keep the goats.
For the manufacture of cars, he said that there are engineers as well as skilled manufacturers who have been sent to Kolkata for training.
We don't know what will happen in the next five years.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to the Meghalaya Sports Olympic Association (MSOA), various sports teams and the Sports Department for their contribution to the success of the Meghalaya Games.
The party urges the Prime Minister, Government Ministers, Opposition Leaders, Speaker of the House, MLAs, CEMs, MDCs and all politicians not to politicize the border issue but to work together with one voice. voice and one mind.
It is to be recalled that after the arrest of the drug dealers of codein phosphate by the Nongstoin PS recently.
In this lockdown which has been going on for more than 11 days and which is still going on for two months at home in karma, it is impossible not to mention that the availability of the internet has helped us to spend the time and day in which we can. Speak to those who come to meet the people of the rulers from the village raid to the hima through the internet without meeting face to face.
Dr. Syiem, 55, said that he has been selling herbal medicine since he was a young boy and he continues to do so until now. He also owns a pharmacy known as Khasi. Dr. Syiem is a resident of Umsohsun, his hometown of Umyiap, West Khasi Hills.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: U Bah Kennedy C Khyriem President of the Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) on Tuesday said that as the owners of petrol pumps, they are saddened to learn that the petrol they have already purchased has gone halfway. The presence of groups that steal and smuggle petrol pumps, and as the owners of petrol pumps themselves are not against NEPMU or the drivers or anyone else but their opposition is to those who steal and let the law do what is necessary. punish them.
She said that the presence of IPHLs in the State will help the people to send for tests free of charge as they belong to the Government and from today onwards the Tests will no longer be required. don't go to a private hospital.
All office bearers and members of the Executive Committee from different parts of the country are requested to attend the meeting, said MUPSTA General Secretary Kenneth Shadap.
However, this year, the SKSRU has revived the Sukra festival.
Jarain CSC scored the first goal through Defender Lyngdoh 15' and 25' respectively.
Teiboklang Marbaniang from Rangbih, Mylliem Lum who will take part in the WAKO International Kick Boxing Championship to be held soon in New Delhi.
My brothers and sisters, think carefully how this name will be inherited.
The meeting also decided to send a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills for the third time, to immediately stop the mining in the area.
The GNLA R was formed on 7th June 2023, along with dozens of issues.
The union has congratulated the former MLA of Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, after the road from Umsning to Sohnidan has been one of the roads that the people of Mawhati have been facing for decades. With the initiative of this former MLA of Mawhati, the people of Mawhati have been able to travel safely and the road has been completed and it has made it easier for the people to travel.
After the distribution of the certificate, Pyntngen Kyndait General Secretary of KVK West Jaintia Hills also congratulated Dr D. Paswet of KVK West Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, July 18: Another village in Ri-Bhoi District today has been facing a shortage of electricity for two months due to the lack of electricity supply by MeECL. .
Many of the people and animals living in these areas are severely affected by the radiation of these uranium waste such as the workers of the uranium mine in JADUKATA (Odisha).
Shillong, Jymmang 6: After the burning down of the DMR office and the coal mining in Umling on Tuesday, truck drivers today, have been angry with the behavior of government officers, The Shillong-Guwahati National Highway-40 has been completely blocked.
Don't ever feel.
“We have just won the FIFA World Cup recently where Croatia with a population of only 4 million (more than 40 lakh) has reached the world final,” he said.
It is because of their sacrifice and selflessness that we celebrate and celebrate today.
The film is also expected to attract audiences at the Habitat International Film Festival to be held in Delhi.
Also present on the occasion were the elders, mothers, children, grandchildren, Rynghang, Makhroh, Lyngdoh and Sangot, along with the new Lyngdoh Melycour Lyngdoh.
The KSU leaders have also sent a letter to Kong Roshan to express that as of now, the college has a lot of problems and it poses a threat to the students as well as the teachers. It will not happen at any time, especially in these days of earthquakes.
Last year, the State witnessed power outages lasting for many hours, up to 7 hours in urban areas and 9 hours in rural areas.
Shillong Lajong will play against East Jaintia Hills DCA in Zone 1 Group A on 26th November. Meghalaya has continued to sign foreign players to prepare for the I-League this season. The Indian Super League (ISL) is also the biggest league in India.
The Governor's speech will also focus on the welfare of farmers, animal husbandry and veterinary and other development projects that the government will take up.
The tournament was held in the form of Day and Night or in the morning and evening.
I pray to all believers, to walk this path, no matter what church you belong to, only HOLINESS is the way Through Jesus Christ.
Besides, the union has warned against foreign contractors who bring in foreign workers without proper documents and said that it will continue to conduct raids as this illegal entry of foreigners poses a threat to the you nation.
P.C, that is to ban and warn against those coal trucks, which used to pass through the village roads, entering from Umeit (Umroi) – Lumnongthroh – Lumsohphoh and leaving to Mawlein Mawkhan.
They also said that NCERT should look into the matter before accepting the textbooks for admission to schools as this misleads the students especially which affects the people of the state and requested the state education department to take action against it. author of the book.
If you look closely, you will see that those who follow or convert to religion are only interested in the happiness of their future life, the happiness of their daily lives, without understanding. the foundations of that faith which they received.
In the presence of witnesses, a search was conducted on the bus under the leadership of these suspects and a pla ïong and 9 boxes of soap were recovered. good with powder not morning drugs.
The BJP leader has raised a strong alarm this time, saying that the party will bring young women from Bihar so that men can marry in Haryana.
“We have set a deadline to complete the drawings in November, and after that we will call a tender for the construction of the house which will start as soon as the drawings are completed,” said Lamphang. sun.
On the other hand, Mukul Sangma said it is regrettable that the government has interfered with the CBI investigation into the coal smuggling in the state.
It is to be recalled that 52 schools and 6 colleges have participated in the competition and the total number of students has participated in the competition.
Wannalin Marwein, 41, of Nongrah, Shillong, was admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 1st June 2021 and died on the same day.
In this regard, the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today announced the name of Daman Lakashiang as the Doloi of the Elaka. E.Shylla Returning Officer Satpator Dolloiship Election.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 32295 out of which 23728 have recovered and 512 have died.
Sandy Stone Kharshandi top scored for the team with 31 runs from 25 balls while Arnold Shadap took four wickets for 20 runs in four overs and Mebanshan Kharsati took two wickets for 12 runs in four overs. In the first innings, Laitjem CC managed to score 106 runs for the loss of 7 wickets in 19.5 overs. Ricky Stone Nongbet took 2 wickets for 17 runs in 4 overs and Nangkiewkupar Disiar took 1 wicket for 12 runs in 4 overs for the Hurdles team. CC.At the end of the match, the championship trophy and individual awards including the Player of the Match went to Mebanshan Kharsati and the Player of the Tournament award went to Ricky Stone Nongbet. The final match was attended by the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Naba Bhattacharjee, Treasurer of the MCA, Bah P. Lyngdoh Nongbri Sordar of the village. Smit, EKHCA office bearers and others.
Tel Aviv: "We did not start the war, but we will end it," Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Israel's war against Hamas.
"I wanted to arrest these illegal immigrants; but I didn't get any support and no one wanted to testify.
These three trucks were handed over by the JNU to the District Council Forest Department after the JNU arrested them.
He said the state government has implemented many schemes to promote piggery and to assist piggery farmers, and has also launched the Meghalaya Piggery Mission, the largest mission in the country by taking up to Rs 200 crore from the NCDC. The pig farmers are not required to pay any fees to meet the demand for pigs in the state.
This reporter also had the opportunity to talk to an elderly man from the area whose name has been withheld and he said that the illegal rnga smugglers along the road It has affected the health of the people and not only that it has also put in danger even the vehicles passing and standing on this road as they may encounter traffic accidents due to the excessive snowfall of the road. postpone.
“It is surprising how the Syiem is willing to send information to those land owners by taking into consideration the complaint of this mynder who has no documents against the Khasi,” said Bah John Nongrum.
The doctor said that there is a solar light at the CHC but it is not working anymore because no one has come to build it, said the KSU leaders. She said that her house is small and it is difficult to accommodate many patients and if someone gets sick, she has to be quarantined.
The department also hopes that in collaboration with the MSOA and the Edge10 Group, they will be able to improve the sports activities in the state by encouraging and opening up opportunities for the athletes to participate in the tournaments. of the countries of the world.
The State Government has recently decided to allow liquor shops to sell liquor to people's homes and this decision has undoubtedly encouraged the sellers and drinkers. too.
Kejriwal was taken by the Enforcement Directorate to its office where he was detained at the ED's headquarters. He declined to comment on Kejriwal's complaint regarding his summons to the Enforcement Directorate.
The film has grossed Rs 104.8 crore, while the actual figure has come to Rs 68.1 crore. , Avengers Endgame (Rs 53 crore) and Thugs of Hindostan (Rs 52 crore).
Earlier, Dr. DS Ramesh, Director of IIG, said that in fact, it is a memorable story in the 190 years of IIG's existence and this is the third to be held in the region.
Jowai, March 03: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
This government led by Conrad K Sangma, is indeed a government that cares about the people and it is also a government that loves Ri Bhoi. “It is up to the people in every constituency in the district to give their full support and win all the MDC candidates of the NPP,” he added.
She said the competition was very difficult especially to compete with women from other states in the region. participate in this competition".
According to Mukul, the political parties should refrain from holding any protest until they receive the report appointed by the government.
On the preparations for the MP elections, the President said that every election there is always the desire to win or defeat, but it does not depend on the candidates but on the people.
He said that the destruction of the environment by mankind has become very severe and it is time to wake up to protect the environment and water conservation by instilling in the minds of children. schools to share this information with their families and communities.
Regarding the ration in 2021, we have convened a dorbar for the purpose of resolving the issue of ration. After the resolution of the ration, two decisions have been taken (i) If you are not a dealer, you cannot sell rice at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo 5 kg per head. If you do not inform the Vigilance, you will be appointed as a dealer and given 10 days if you do not If you don't, you can't go to point no.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya met the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma in Guwahati on Sunday in the presence of the Chief Secretaries of both the states and other government officials. .
Budlang scored his second goal in the 88th minute before Pyndenumbri lost.
Furthermore, in the sharing areas where the rainfall flows into the rivers known as catchment areas, such areas are not allowed to cut trees, quarry stone, quarry shyiap, quarry soil up to 100 meters below the Myntdu River and others. rivers and 50 meters away from streams.
Meghalaya has been without a Legislative Assembly for 13 years after the old Assembly was destroyed by fire in
