This happened on a question raised by Mawsynram MLA Bah HM Shangpliang who asked about the weighbride.
The incident happened due to a quarrel between them inside the house, which led to the fact that the brother used a knife to throw his brother outside the house.
Manmohan admitted that the decline in income is a little discouraging, although there is a possibility of rapid growth.
The new Catlab will include medical equipment such as Infra Cardiac Echocardiography and 3D Electrophysiological Mapping for the purpose of improving the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. 10 days since opening.
So far, 19285 samples have been sent, 18657 negative, 580 results are pending and 18823 people have returned to the state.
However, on 02.12.2022 at 9:20 am, this person died while undergoing treatment.
Last year, she won a bronze medal at the National Championships in Chattisgarh and a gold medal at the 2nd NE Olympic Games 2022 in Shillong.
The BJP's demand that the ration, which comes from the Government of India scheme, should be distributed to the people of the State, without excluding those who have ration cards, is the best idea. The State Government should have talked to the Government of India and helped everyone in such a crisis.
U Bah HS Shylla on the 6th of this month inspected Rani Jirang area and found that the Syiem and Ministers have issued permits and NoCs to foreigners to quarry stone, land which is dangerous to destroy and damage. Rani Jirang, on the border with Assam, so he ordered the king to convene a hima dorbar within a month.
Shillong, Lber 16: A clash between the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) youths and Delhi police has led to a clash between the Indian Youth Congress (IYC) youths and Delhi police. They protested to the House of Parliament.
She said that after leaving the Panphyrnai Pond, the fishermen were caught in a traffic jam in Umlieh village which is further in front of the Pond. A woman who was in the middle of a storm gave birth to a baby boy in the middle of the road at Tiehsaw Khyllem village which is only a few minutes away from Umlieh but sadly the baby boy died.
Two office employees of these departments were seriously injured including Bah H.Kharkongngor (35) Enforcement Checker and Baral Thangkhiew (35) employee of Weight Bridge.
The Peoples Democratic Front (PDF) may be the party that will lose the most in the pre-election campaign.
Three police outposts have been upgraded to police stations including Mawngap Police Station, Jengal Police Outpost in West Garo Hills and Kharkuta Police Station.
Regarding the title, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State and Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA, expressed their happiness and said that it deserves the title. This area should receive this name and honor, because it is indeed such an area with a strong production of Jain Ryndia.
However, unfortunately, in North Shillong, about 60 percent of the youth work and study abroad,” said Bah Michael.
During the raid, police have recovered two soap boxes containing heroin, five small bottles and one injection needle.
At present, Khasi and Garo have become the associate official languages ​​in government offices of the state.
According to the government, only 40 percent of the government employees came to work on this day in East Khasi Hills district which is the capital of the state.
Dohtdong said the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has not taken any steps to stop these trucks passing through the Umïam border crossing. .
Pastor Kharkrang said that the purpose of the protest at that time was to get Mikir Hills, Cachar Hills, Khasi Hills and Khasi Hills. Jaintia Hills, its own hill state and the protest spread throughout the Mikir Hills, Cachar Hills and Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Avoid building houses, woodworking during these times of seasonal change.
Therefore, he said that the State Government will read carefully the decision of the Supreme Court and take measures to ensure that the teachers who have completed the D .He.
If the Government has a clear and sincere intention to reform and improve the quality of education, this Commission should be renamed the Meghalaya Educational Reform Commission.
“The main reason why we joined the VPP is because it has good foundations and it has brave and strong leaders,” he said.
He said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the police department will provide more details.
After being arrested, she was ordered to wait for a few hours for the doctors to check her condition and after being found to be in good health, she was released on the same day. He was not admitted to the hospital.
It is to be recalled that this month, the AFC authorities have announced the draw for the countries that will participate in the tournament. India has been placed in Gr-C and the countries in this group include the Republic of Korea, Australia and Uzbekistan.
The residents also said that until now there is no water supply.
When asked, she said she does not have accurate information on women who marry children and who have lost their lives due to premature birth.
However, when asked how it will do in relation to the water supply from the company or the government, he said that for this purpose, there is a timely release of water and it is also for those people who have low income. don't have a meter.
“I will speak to the media tomorrow, with the dulir because without the dulir it is impossible to speak, with the rules.
With the election of the new office bearers, the leaders have decided to monitor the ongoing work of the union and the State Government as well as the Central Government led by the All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Union, Jowai.
“The issuance of licenses by unauthorized civil society organizations is like giving authority to other ethnic groups to show their opposition so that the Council will not. We will strengthen the laws to issue licenses, strengthen enforcement, and we also need the Dorbar Shnongs and Sengbhalang to provide accurate information so that the Council can take the necessary action”.
“Therefore, the people should allow the VPP to clean up the mess in the State.
Therefore, it will be very difficult for the state which does not have enough revenue from itself,” he said.
These three goals lasted until the end of the first half which was enough for Nangbah to win.
The two ULFA-I members arrested on the same day include 2nd Lieutenant Ranju Asom and Private Orindom Asom, both residents of Assam.
However, after opposition from the civil society, the agreement was amended in 2002 in which the company was to pay T.12 crore per annum and to operate at least 4,000 vacancies per year. ten years.
He said that at the meeting held today, they discussed the two phases to allow people who want to return to the state. states within the North East and the second is for those living outside the North East.
It was when God sent him to this earth that he became a bloodthirsty priest like men.
Christmas Day is a day to commemorate the incarnation of Jesus Christ in the Christian faith in order to deliver people from the bondage of the powers of sin and to provide salvation.
In order to get the BAM KA SA. From now on, we will continue with the Ktien Khasi Ba Iar,' which is related to the Phawar words, which the Phawar writers created at the same time, which have a proverb, a parable, and a parable.
“In 2016, the Ministry of Coal, Government of India, prepared a bill to exclude the State from the MMDR Act, with the approval of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India. However, Mukul Sangma did not respond and deleted the letter.
Shillong: There have been 321 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
Speaking to media on 16th June, Kong Ibakyntilin Mary Umdor expressed her gratitude to those who have helped and supported her and especially to the HYC who have fought for this cause from the beginning until she got it. the righteous judgment.
He also criticized the collection of Rs 35,000 from vehicles and said this even to the DC of Ri Bhoi, and the overcrowding of gates has caused confusion to the trucks because many gates from KHADC, Hima and others without rusit.
Agnes also expressed her surprise at the statements of the Minister of PWD regarding the bills for the maintenance of the roads where in fact the union said that it has found that there is no maintenance.
“We strongly oppose the proposal by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to increase revenue from households,” said Bah Nongdhar.
now to close the MCCL does not exist.
The Jews did not recognize the truth of God's Word and did not recognize the Son of God (Jesus) but rejected Him as their Messiah.
“He said that there will be no influence on the UDP in the state.
To date, 14,500 participants have been trained in the Talent Identification Program through the use of technology to identify talented players.
This is the second time that senior government officials have been abducted by insurgents in Garo Hills this year. The first incident was the abduction of Deputy Commissioner of South Garo Hills Chinmay P. Gotmare on the 17th became short-lived.
The first, or Heresy, is a rejection or doubt about the truth that we should believe.
The HNLC has also expressed its surprise at the Indian government's attitude towards Tibet, during the visit of the Dalai Lama to the state who asked for Indian government's assistance to fight against Tibet, but was forgotten. the North Eastern Region which has been affected by the crisis in the country.
In this regard, we see that this deliverance of God from Coronavirus will continue if we ourselves think of our fellow citizens outside Meghalaya as well as other ethnic groups who have lived here and Those of us who have to return home after the outbreak of COVID 19 even in India, it is possible that among those who have to return home have contracted the virus. you are infected with COVID
After receiving the complaint, the KSU Laskein Circle led by President Balawan Suchiang and General Secretary Peter Ram Sutnga went to the Branch Manager of the KSU Laskein Circle to seek clarification.
“We also have letters from the Hima Mylliem opposing the MoU. We also have people who are opposed because they don't want to go to Assam.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
For the various prizes in the tournament, a total of 1,50,000 tyngka will be awarded to the winners in various categories of the tournament.
NEHUTA has also handed over documents showing these illegal activities of Prof Shukla within the last two years of his assumption of office to the President of India and also to the President of India. Minister of Education of the Union Government to participate.
Nongpoh, Nailur 12: After many comments on the increase in the number of toll gates by the KHADC on the National Highway, the drivers of vehicles carrying goods have been shocked by the increase in the price of goods. The Executive Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District today closed down a revenue collection gate set up by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). ) along the National Highway at Umdihar village following the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner.
New Delhi: The Delhi Legislative Assembly has passed a resolution to strongly oppose the Indian government's plan to implement the National Population Register (NPR) and the National Register of Citizens (NRC).
It may be recalled that as soon as they heard the speech of the Minister in charge of the market, Minister C.Kharkongor, who spoke at the meeting held yesterday at Iewduh, many of the market dwellers gathered and took over. The President of KHNAM SYW, on this occasion, said that the decision of the market dwellers is right and they should also arrest those who They came to collect these taxes without the knowledge of the Hima authorities and without issuing a slip after the receipt of the money.
When we try to resolve the issues, there are many obstacles and of course, we want to resolve the issue within 24 hours but there are reasons why it cannot be resolved for 50 years,” he said.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has already purchased 60,000 medicines and 90,000 medicines will arrive in the next few days. for those over 45 years of age in the state.
There is also a saying, 'The boss doesn't make mistakes.
“And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose...” Romans 8:2 Verse 10 says that it is God who works or will work for our good.
When asked whether he will support the state President's allegations, he said he cannot say whether he supports or not, but we need to talk about it first and we cannot just support anyone blindly. .
Shillong, July 11: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the State Legislative Assembly on Friday directed the District Administration of Ri-Bhoi District to conduct another inspection and valuation of the land taken from The construction of the Umroi Airport has been completed due to the dispute over the ownership of the land to pay the compensation.
Shri ML Garg, Manager, Umsohsun Road, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 1st of this month at 3:30 pm, a vehicle (AS-01-). GC-7525 was unloading equipment at Umsohsun near Ri Khasi Press, when suddenly a group of youths threw a petrol bomb at the vehicle and the vehicle with its equipment was damaged.
The Deputy Chief Minister in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong has already directed the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to repair the bridge at a meeting between the NHAI and PWD on 5th July. .
Today's Ri Bhoi – Today's Ri Bhoi is as we see it.
Speaking to reporters, the State Project Director (SPD) said that for the month of October this year, the new salary has been released according to the PAB 2016-1 and the order issued by the State Mission Director (SMD) on 31st March, 2016 which has divided the SSA teachers into two categories of trained and untrained. Teacher Education (NCTE) and RTE Act will receive 19044/-, those who have not completed training will receive 13335/- in Lower Primary and 20493/- in Upper Primary.
The union also criticized the state government , which has not believed in providing assistance to the families of those who were killed including the Rangbah Shnong of Semasi who died after being shot dead by a a knife from parts of the head that occurred the previous year.
“If we improve this airport, it will cost a lot but if we get a new airport, it will cost less. “It's a new aircraft,” said Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar.
If you don't have a repair, you will have to pay Average Billing.
, trom religion, fellowship religion, Sabbath religion, fellowship religion and so on.
Erwin said that if it is necessary to go to Assam to talk, they are ready to go to resolve these issues faced by the tourist drivers.
Meanwhile, Gangte, a resident of Songbo, died on the spot.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in the presence of Kushal Das, General Secretary of the AIFF, Biswanath Sinha, Zonal Head – East & Northeast, Tata. Trusts, Bah Larsing M Sawyan, President of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) and Vice President of the AIFF among others.
He said that last year, there was a massive migration of people from the North East from South India through SMS, Facebook and other social media.
He also directed the officers to report on the incident, which also claimed the lives of one person.
In Safdarjung of Delhi, the minimum temperature reached 46.8 degrees Celsius on Tuesday.
Therefore, from now on we must understand clearly that once we belong to the same clan or tribe we are born from the same first mother and that mother too. you may or may not have brothers or sisters.
Yarkhok scored the third goal in the 71st minute.
The members of the Executive Body are: Danby Sangma, Teibor Dohling, Timothy Rynjah, Merrick Rymbai, Donkupar Kharjana, Pynshngain Lang Warjom, Adam Salguri Momin, Nathaniel Osbert Jyrwa and Balmu Sangma.
She said that the resignation of some of them has not weakened the party as the number of supporters of the party is increasing day by day.
They have submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri.
The next day, there was another ceremony at the same place, at Mawnarian village, with the thanksgiving of Suitnia Long Raid and the offering of a pig.
But unfortunately, he too wanted a leader, that one too.
Jowai, November 11: During the last election campaign on Saturday, the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the leading supporters of the Independent Candidate have discussed many issues related to the bye election. Two candidates, Firstborn Manner of the UDP and Lotsingh Lakuna of the Independent candidate, held a public meeting at Muktapur on Saturday. the market day.
After the sacrifice, the jhur kpu was offered, followed by the drinking of the water as a sign of thanksgiving to the Creator and the ancestors.
Two months after the national election, Tusk won the election against other political parties.
Leba then mentioned the past leaders of the past, “who were truly brave, intelligent, truly political intellectuals who needed a vision for the future.
“The party will monitor from now on, the government should immediately remove those chairman who have misused the money of the people, should remove those consultants who have been paid with the money of the people without any benefit. we are the people,” said Ardent.
The court will hold another hearing on 27th July
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The footbridge built during the tenure of MLA Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh at Kyrshai village connecting Meghalaya and Assam has started to collapse. synjor noh, because there is no one to maintain or maintain this bridge which has also caused a lot of trouble to the people who walk and stand through this bridge.
In another Group B match, Shillong Cricket Association beat South Garo Hills by 27 runs.
He said that the electricity production, compared to previous years, has been the same, except for last year, due to the heavy rainfall in the state. He said that the North East has received very little rainfall this year, while Bihar has increased by 176%, indicating that there is a natural disaster.
They were accompanied by Junestar Kharbuli, Nick Nonglyer and Sumita Kshiar.
There are 9,75,861 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to 88,9
Rymbai has received the support of 11 NPP MDCs, three UDP MDCs and eight Congress MDCs including the nominated MDC. Malki Sports Club beat Malki Sports Club 4-0 in the U-18 Shillong Premier League at Polo, Shillong on Saturday.
The VVPAT machines were damaged at 87-Badamba and had to be replaced.
MHADA has also launched Helpline Numbers 23536945, 23517423, 9321637699 in case of emergency.
Police sources said that at 10 pm on the 3rd of this month, these five members of the KSU had gone to Belfonte, Lumshyiap, Shillong to collect Labor License from foreigners. They have shot and killed foreigners who are not in the area.
Shillong, November 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the Multi-Facility Utility Center and Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar at the former site of the Khasi Jaintia National School, Mawkhar.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has continued to monitor the smuggling of foreigners into the country. For decades now, on 13th June 2020, the KSU South Khasi Hills District, has arrested foreigners.
As a woman, whether in the fields or among friends, relatives, neighbours, relatives, her only beloved son is her comforter.
This is during the celebration of Onam, which starts from 22nd to 2nd November
The union said that in the calendar for the year 2016 issued by the CBSE, it has been announced that November 25 will be Good Governance Day. The opening of schools, colleges and offices on this date demands strong support from all sides.
:The Pnar song, entitled “Khublei khatdooh sakhiat ini”, sung by Ram Suchiang and performed by the band, has been released on the 23rd of July
Before the closing ceremony, the Minister inaugurated the teachers' dormitory where he himself donated concrete tins to complete the construction of the dormitory.
Chairman – Mr. Pinglan Lyngkhoi, Sordar of Seiñduli-I2
Shiban stirred up and shiban benefited themselves.” “Tell me what that trick is,” said the father.
Mondal said that during the rainy season, when the state produces a lot of electricity, it returns the electricity to the states or to any group and when the state faces a shortage of electricity, it takes back the electricity. The Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) has replaced the electricity supply, but now that other areas have started to shit, they have not been able to supply electricity due to the high demand. ) and the Government are working hard to address the problems of the people.
“I will take this as a priority and within this term we will achieve the upgradation of the Health Sub-Centre to PHC,” said James K Sangma. The availability of health facilities is essential for the people and needs to reach all the remote areas of the State.
Skhemlang Subba (800 & 1500mts) and Donbok Shabong (400m run) although they did not win medals, they played well in the tournament.
The report of Addl.Magistrate Donny Wahlang has not yet reached its conclusion, but is ongoing.
It would be an honor for the area if someone says that if you need this or that go to village A where there is a umsoh factory, a shynrai factory and so on.
Earlier, Rangdajied United FC and Shillong Lajong FC were the two teams that had already won all three matches.
The number of cases worldwide has risen to 1,014,673, the death toll to 52,973 and those infected in 188 countries.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 21: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, on Saturday inaugurated the Hope Children's Home. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, President of Hope Children's Home (HCH) and Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency. .
Shillong: Many drivers passing through the Mawlai-Bypass road will be able to travel in both directions (Mawlai-Bypass) today. SP traffic BD Marak, DSP Ian Swer and PWD officers inspected the road to construct rumble strips to avoid any injury or collision.
Tura, Jymmang 14 : The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday strongly condemned Dr Mukul Sangma's decision to contest from Tikrikilla. The people of Songsak who elected him as MLA in
Basic health.
In Tamil Nadu, 1,384 new cases and 12 deaths have been reported. In Chennai, the number of cases has risen to 1,0 There were 27,256 cases and 220 deaths.
The Executive Committee of the Seng, President Shanbor Dhar, General Secretary, Bah Elend Mynthlu and members of the Seng would like to extend their special greetings to the Waheh Chnong Lasting Pala and many residents of Umkiang. The whole village of Umkiang.
Shillong: The Executive Member In Charge of the Forest Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Macdalyne Mawlong, on Tuesday said that the installation of illegal gates without authority from any department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) the Forest Department of the Council.
The woman was pregnant by the man and after giving birth to the child, the man left her on the grounds that he had to go for training for a higher rank.
However, if you need to do an online class, you have to buy a mobile smart phone or any other mobile device so that your children can participate in this online class. This has caused a lot of trouble to the parents of the students.
They alleged that this has also caused problems in the implementation of transportation works in the areas under the jurisdiction of the TTADC. to the Governor to take the necessary measures for the welfare and development of the indigenous people of the State and also to direct the State Government to take action on the problems faced by the TTADC.
“It is a fake result, probably made up by minors,” she said.
When she has such responsibilities, it is right that the latter should receive more share from the elderly because this share is like a share of the organization.
S.S MarweinOur Khasi Hills is a beautiful country, rich in mineral resources, full of milk and honey.
“In fact, we get light only for a few hours a day during the day, but during the rainy season, we can't even turn off the light.
“Everyone whether they are politicians, scholars, parents, various educational institutions should take responsibility for this and should find ways and means how to move forward with Youths have passed the Civil Services Examination.
At the same time, the HYC strongly condemns and warns the Founder Trustee and Chairperson of NEST (India) Elizabeth Nongbri and others not to try to cover up this life and death of the Jaitbynriew.
Since the announcement of the curfew on 24th October 2020 by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi across the country, the people of the state have joined hands to curb the spread of you are infected with Covid-1
However, despite this, the people in our district are still facing many problems especially in the rural areas, such as in the delivery of food items to their villages. guidelines as directed by the government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
In the Under 14 boys category, AvyRil R. Marak from South Garo Hills won the gold medal while Richard Sohlang from West Khasi Hills won the gold medal. Rishal Majhong of Ri Bhoi won the silver medal and the bronze medal in the high jump.
Starting from Samaria, Judea and Jerusalem and to the ends of the present world.
Put on the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
The President of the Voice of People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday visited Nongstoiñ to campaign for the election of the VPP candidate Bobby Kharshandi.
He said that there are only 21 Khasi Daju who have come to register their names with the Hima till today.
“It is a word of honor that is used to call the elderly in the North East (Pynursla).
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The CSWO has approved that the Committee on Man Power Mapping of MeECL has sought the opinion of the Attorney General of the Government of Meghalaya. to delete the names of those persons who have been nominated for the post of Jugali.
Those who have no education need to remember that they have a major role to play in shaping the bright future of society and to set an example that they should not be influenced by selfish forces in any way. so that the goal of achieving development in all aspects can be achieved and to be able to eradicate poverty, backwardness, superstition and so on.
He said that today's era is no longer an easy era to get jobs but we have to fight and do for ourselves how to stand on our own feet to earn for ourselves and our families.
However, if these feelings are excessive, they can show signs of physical illness and last longer.
Shillong, July 01: AICC spokesperson Gourab Gogoi on Tuesday said that the export of cattle to Bangladesh is not the responsibility of the state government but the central government.
Punjab today decided to extend its curfew until June 30 due to the spread of the disease.
The union was divided into two groups, one visited the Green Pasture Children's Home at Tiehsaw, Nongstoin while the other visited the residents of Rev S.Wollington Children's Home at Rev S.Wollington Children's Home. It is located in the village of Mawkhlam.
“The 2023 election is a very different election.
The match on Thursday will be between Langsning FC and Malki SC at 4 pm.
Therefore, the RTI Activists are requested to follow up on this issue and to immediately remove the persons who have been appointed without forgiving anyone so that this will be a warning. especially those who are accustomed to smuggling by their own people.
The Football Tournament organized by the Narpuh District Sports Association (ENSA) has been moved from Lumshnong Stadium to Umkiang.
However, the MDA Government has immediately rejected when we raised the question in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: “I have decided to contest but for the party, we will think,” said SK Sun, former Chief Engineer of PHE, while talking to Rupang after a public meeting held today. today at Mawphlang Square.
The victory over this disease is in you and in me and don't be afraid, don't worry or be surprised at all these things that have happened in this world if the unity is mine and yours to follow. According to the rules laid down by the Government, we can win and protect ourselves from this disease and with the love and understanding of others, it will bring a great victory for us all. The world and the greatest protection for us is our prayer that God will hear our prayers every day and at all times don't forget to pray for Him. Prayer is the cure for life for all of us by the power of faith and love and unity for the good we will overcome this Coronavirus.
In Assam, the BJP has won Karimganj, Kokrajhar, Lakhimpur and Jorhat.
The total expenditure will be T.21,034 crore after deducting the interest on loans of T.988 crore.
More than 1,000 NPP office bearers joined the NPP in the presence of Bah Alvin Sawkmie as President of the NPP Mawsynram Block in the presence of Bah Shangpliang, NPP office bearers from East Khasi Hills. District and NPP Mawsynram Block Office Bearers.
Shillong: U James K Sangma, Minister of State for Power, on Tuesday praised the hard work of Arunkumar Kembhavi, CMD of MeECL, for ensuring that the state has sufficient electricity supply. I therefore announce that the fire fighting has been completed from today,” said James K Sangma on his Facebook page.
Puente Hills, Los Angeles, US.Laogang Landfill, located in Shanghai, China.
Antim Panghal won the bronze medal in the women's wrestling.
Wait more! It is not only a matter of showing the power of anyone or of respecting a fellow member of the Party.
It is also learned that the NFR has also been able to set up System Monitoring & Predictive Maintenance Centers at many railway stations under the jurisdiction of the NFR. This month, as part of the protection of the health of passengers, the government has issued an order that all vehicles in the state must have oxygen cylinders and cylinders.
Regarding the arrival of the refugees from Manipur, the Syiem said that they should not own the land but it is only a temporary shelter for them. to cooperate with the Raids, Dorbar Shnongs and Police Force, so that there will be no riots and riots in the area.
If he did, where would I be?" The crowd in the audience set their mouths in laughter.
Answering a question on how many housekeepers there are, Kong Wanpynhun said that as of now, 7,000 people have registered with the union.
This is one of the limits of man's ability.
“The request of the casual workers is right, I understand how worried they are because even after 15-18 years of working it has not been confirmed and the prices of mur have increased in the market. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said Pretone.
The MDCs acknowledged that this action of the EC will put the MDCs of JHADC in the dark on various projects or schemes through the SAG and urged the Governor to send a CBI inquiry into the matter. Jowai: A youth named Nor Dkhar, 35, has gone missing from his home since the night of the 31st and his body has been found in a coal mine. near Rangad village, East Jaintia Hills.
All offices, schools, educational institutions, district magisterial courts in the district will be closed on that day as part of the celebration of Behdeiñkhlam. 22nd of September.
“If the 12 MLAs can leave the Congress party without any notice to the AICC, it doesn't matter to the four MLAs to join the MDA government without informing the AICC. AICC leaders informed".
“According to my information, the army has planned to give land to the state government to improve the roads but I don't know which land they are willing to give and it depends on the wisdom of the government. ", said the MLA of Nongthymmai.
He said that the union has found that the garbage that has been brought to the area is from shops in the area including foreign places of worship.
Some of the shopkeepers were also asked about the price of their vehicles and the answer is that they will not pay more if they don't sell more because of the distance. They said that if they didn't sell tama, there would be no income.
Croatia will face Belgium (Group F) on November 1 at 8:30 pm, while Morocco will face Canada on the same day and time.
He said that many fish vendors are surprised to see these news about the fish and he said that there are also fish produced from this state. Government officials are taking tests,” he said.
The GHSMC is a group comprising the Garo National Council, the All India Garo Union, the Tura Government College Students' Union and the A'chik Students Welfare Association (ASWA). college in Garo Hills.
These athletes include Pynnehbor Mylliemngap in the 48kg category, Blaseibok Kharbuli in the Under 23 category in the 48kg category and Skhemborlang Marweiñ in the Under 23kg category (54kg).
The fellow workers did not know anything about it but only the owner and him.
They dug the ground from the inside, and the large stones on the top of the mountain fell down.
In this colour, the songs, dances, dances and dances from all over India were performed.
Regarding the closure of the factory, the KSU has expressed its surprise to see the quickness of the Police and Magistrates to reach the place, in order to help or protect the factory. Factory.
The Mumbai Mirror, according to the Mumbai Mirror, said that during the meeting, there was a great deal of excitement, in which there was also a strong outcry from both sides, when they expressed their views. the relationship between the two parties, in the course of the hearing.
Amlarem, March 06: Is it possible that there will be no Chemistry teachers in government schools for six months?
Meghalaya tied for 138 in 64.2 overs with Ayushman Das 33 and Raghav Magotra 27 runs.
He gave him a seat and began to cook, cook beef, pork, goat for him.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 95 new cases have been confirmed and 1693 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
On Friday, Gregorwilson Makdoh, 14, fell to 62.5cm.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnongs of Darrang, Dawki, Amshipai, Khonglah, Riahjalong, Amkoi, Lymba, Ryngkum and Muktapur. KSU WJC General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang has given his full support.
In this regard, the committee under the leadership of Rgh DL Nongbri has urged the people who have visited the altar of this sacred mountain to come forward and meet them immediately. chairman of this committee.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Meghalaya will play against Nagaland at the Meghalaya Cricket Association Ground in Polo, Shillong from tomorrow starting at 8:30 pm.
Shillong: The President of the North Eastern Hills University Teachers Association (NEHUTA) Prof. Lakhon Kma on Tuesday said that he does not want to rush to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) in the undergraduate education.
“Besides, he said that the training they have received from the fight against COVID-19 has also helped to strengthen the fight against the disease.
In order to assist the Lokayukta in conducting investigations, the officers of the Inquiry Wing shall not be inferior to the rank of Under Secretary to the Government, but shall have the same powers as has been submitted to the Lokayukta under Section
It is learned that this is because the Bengalis want the Khasi to come to Jiribam District by separating from Tamenglong District.
According to the petition, MSSASA has informed that for nearly six to three months, SSA Lower Primary and Upper Primary schools in the state have only one or two teachers and some schools have no teachers.
“If the owners of the houses send out the tenants, is there any way for the tenants to ask the owners to buy land and build houses for them?” asked Samla Lambokstarwell.
He said that another reason for the power outage in the state is due to the lack of water from the power plants of the state government due to the heavy rainfall.
He advocates for the establishment and implementation of righteousness and truth.
Former ULFA leader Anup Chetia said the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is suitable for implementation in Meghalaya as it is in other eastern states but it will be more difficult in Assam for some reasons.
The entry fee is T.3500 and the fee is T.
On the other hand, Bah Hek condemned the arrest of party workers by the police.
My health is fine, but I went to stay in the hospital because the doctors advised me to.
So far, the total number of cases has risen to 1,5
The Border Security Force (BSF) 193 Bn has seized goods worth T.11 lakh including masks and juti from the border of East Khasi Hills District. .
He said that it is not a surprise but it has happened from time to time, when there is an accident or a vehicle collision.
Solomon previously played for Shakhtar Donetsk, a Ukrainian club.
The BJP spokesperson said the party has no intention of cooperating with any political party ahead of the Lok Sabha elections.
However, Twitter users have criticized the government's decision, saying, “How can men who are married fight when Tinder has been banned in Pakistan?
The Shad Sukra was enriched by the performances of children, youth, men and women as well as women including Jowai, Ummulong, Shillong, Loompyrdi, Loomkynriang, Dulong, Loomjam. Tpep Pale, Seiñraij Raliang, Umshangiar, Chilliangraij and Panaliar.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and earlier, former Meghalaya Governor Tathagata Roy, who is the leader of the BJP, will meet him. He wrote on Twitter that he asked Modi to explain to the people of the country that there is no clear understanding between him and Mamata Banerjee.
Speaking to reporters, the State President of the BJP said that JP Nadda will visit Tripura on the 18th of this month and will also deliver a speech at the Tripura Tripura. A public meeting was scheduled to be held at Santirbazar, South Tripura district.
To run any political organization is not easy.
Also present at the launch were Father Hilarius Lamare, Orange Nissan Managing Director Shemphang Lyngdoh, Orange Nissan General Manager Kyrshan Khongwir, Jowai Manager Knowingly Litting and who are invited and others.
Therefore, I request the Government of India to take action on this issue and to expedite talks with the Sri Lankan Government officials so that such incidents can be prevented and implemented by Sri Lankans. Lanka, so that such incidents will not happen again in the future,” Stalin said.
“We support the Union of Rangbah Shnongs and urge the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to take action against them,” he said. this work.
In terms of health, the role of Mental Health was taken into consideration and explained by Dr.R.K.Lenin Singh, Professor and HoD of RIMS, who is also a doctor who is well trained in Mental Health and Sexual Health.
Therefore, u Bah Lamkupar Snaitang urged all the people who come to celebrate and eat khana in the Umngi, Kynshi and other rivers not to slow down. They don't know how good the water quality is and it is also harmful because the rivers and streams in Meghalaya are still full of crocodiles. They are empty and cannot recognize how strong the force of the water is.
“The state has managed its funds well and the state's funds are sufficient to grow,” he said.
“No, Father Bok, you are the Rangbah Shnong, I don't trust you until now.
MEMRIWU has launched an indefinite strike for nearly 15 days to demand that the State Government should end the extension of the contract with GVK. Emergency Medical Services shall not be provided by the Government.
We have to get clarification from all sides, from the district authorities we have to get a report, we have to get a reply from the people who have complained," he said. The Election Commission has not given us any orders on how to do it”.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Bah RL Blah, said that the government has promised to convene a meeting of the district council. “We have also discussed that the state government should file an appeal against the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya which has ordered the “It's a good idea to enforce the MUDA Building Act,” said Bah Blah after leaving the meeting called by the Prime Minister.
George B Lyngdoh, Member of the PAC, said that the problem of the farmers is that they do not get the seeds at the right time and this affects the agriculture. riang and farmers face problems if they do not get the seeds at the right time.
“I have taken this decision because it is the life of those people who deserve to have the road especially when it is not restricted.
At present, drinking water has been delivered to all the households in the state even to the remote villages, said Bah Renik.
She said that the government has opposed this action in a fair manner without listening to the grievances of the people.
They protested even when the central government issued temporary ordinances in April
He has a thorough knowledge that the Adivasis, who are the indigenous people, have the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
Nongpoh, 07 November: It is not known why the preparation of the people to celebrate Christmas has decreased with the passing of the days. in the households in Ri Bhoi District, where it was found that there has been a complete difference compared to the past.
On the issue of CAB, we see that the Government of India has not forgiven Assam, because most of its areas do not fall under the 6th Schedule, and has not forgiven Tripura, because it is a state, covered by foreign States; However, the country has treated Manipur with special care by enforcing the ILP, Nagaland and Mizoram which are states with indigenous people.
The ceremony was attended by Bah RB Shadap, Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, Dipul Ryntathiang, RR Kynsai Makdoh and others.
Police found that the child had been abducted to Assam and after close investigation, they found him from a forest area of ​​Shantipur in Jagiroad, Assam.
In July this year, the national team left for South Africa where they won their four matches and completed the tour. 5-1, 7-0 and 4-0 v victory in the opening three games; The fourth leg ended with a 2-2 draw.
At 10:30 pm, Rev Dr Watcyn James from the Church of Wales, and at At 1:30 pm, Rev Dr RR Convile preached the Word of God.
Nongtraw said that until now, he has not accepted any soskular agreement between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC and there has been no intention from any side to disrupt this. peace talks.
Leaders of the Youth Wing and the leaders of these three organizations seized the drugs after receiving information that there was a vehicle carrying the drugs. They seized the vehicle and when they searched it, they found that the vehicle was carrying kyiad pyrsi.
Similarly, in the case of weddings and household parties, up to 75% of the people are allowed to participate.
Regarding the fishing competition, the CEM said that the fishermen should get permission first so that they can take responsibility not to pollute the ponds and rivers whether private or public ponds. .
The District Planning Officer, West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with Government departments and NGOs has organized a three day Winter Camp known as the Spectrum of Life. on the topic “The future is yours”.
God will establish it forever.
Leaders of UHM (United Hynniewtrep Movement), Sawmer Youth Wing, Women's Wing, political parties, private individuals from the youth, the elderly and the elderly also attended the ceremony to strongly condemn the incident. they have done it by bloodthirsty men who have no soul of man.
ha Kane is not now.
Dao Toi gave the words of congratulations.
Sean Crespo, 46, who is also one of the storytellers of TV shows, said that although the job he does is very heavy, the salary doesn't match anywhere.
These vultures are known in English as the Himalayan vulture (Gyps himalaensis).
Five deceased persons have been identified and taken to Khliehriat CHC. An investigation into the murder has been launched at Khliehriat Police Station. manager as well, who are on the run themselves, since the time of the incident.
The victims of MUDA have strongly criticized the government for arresting Kong Agnes Kharshiing when she is only an assistant to the victims.
Therefore, as young people, I believe that before you make any decision, you should think carefully to be successful in life,” she said.
So the Khasi youths together with other friends, went looking around the places and because Savio's house was near the railway line they went walking near the railway line and suddenly they saw a the body that sleeps lyngktar.
On the other hand, the Asha workers said that the salary they receive has not fallen anymore, and they have been paid according to their salaries.
Kurbah and Rapsang Marbisu are the same.
But Biden said from the beginning Israel has received support from almost all countries in the world except Muslim countries.
“Under the MEIDP, many small projects worth billions of rupees have already been announced by the government.
“As a Minister of State in the State, I have received training and confidence to face challenges.
Khlierhiat, July 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District (KSU) has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District (KSU) has demanded that the The Industrial Training Institute or Vocational Training Center in Khliehriat, on the 9th of this month, has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner.
Although Mawkriah West tried hard, they couldn't turn the tide and suffered a defeat.
The second semi-final will be played on the 18th of October between Umsalait SC and One Soul Utd (Pdengkarong) at 2 pm.
Besides him, five other NCP members were sworn in as Ministers.
“If (the KHADC wants) I am ready to explain and I am a resident of RR Colony and the Residential Certificate has been issued to me by the RR Colony Welfare Society,” said Bah Hek. the media.
It is to be recalled that Bah Amazing Kurbah was the campaign star of the UDP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh who is also the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh until he won the election. .
The police have covered up the wrongdoing of the driver of the Prime Minister's vehicle,” she said.
Nongpoh: The Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA) in collaboration with the ICAR in Ri Bhoi District today held a KISAN. MELA, or the Market for Crops Produced by Farmers in Ri Bhoi.
Out of the 29 MDCs, two have not taken oath in Khasi and they are Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC of the NPP from Sohryngkham and Bah Teibor Pathaw, who is an independent MDC, who has joined the party. Teinwell Dkhar, the UDP candidate, will win the election as the new Chief Executive Member of the KHADC and Pynshngain N Syiem, the new Speaker of the Council, will win the election. The Congress has not nominated a candidate to fight against it.
All the MDCs in KHADC have immediately rejected in 2021 the Government of India's plan to introduce tens of thousands of mynder to about 7000 villages in Khasi Hills, to stay for at least 5 years. Thew, tip you to Drone Mapping.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to Deacon Rimiki Niangti for his ordination as Lyngdoh Sohblei. the work of God as one of the ways to serve the nation.
It is to be recalled that on 15th November 2021, the Home Guard Volunteers in West Jaintia Hills tried to close down the Home Guards and Civil Defense office in Jowai, but the police blocked it. and the Home Guard were able to break the lockdown with the arrival of the Magistrate and police.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The HANM of the four circles of Mawsymram, Lawbah, Balat and Ranikor in a statement sent by Bah J.Sanglane Information Publicity Secretary, has extended its special thanks to all the people who have donated. full support to the party in its programs in the past two days.
However, to reject other political parties would be wrong because although the Congress has suffered from the neglect of its MLAs in the past years, in the 2023 elections it has been able to win. The TMC, which is a new party, has won five MLAs through the presence of a strong leader like Dr Mukul Sangma. The HSPDP , which won two MLAs in 2018 but by the end of 2023 , has been left alone and is ready to contest the 2023 elections The HSPDP is one of the oldest political parties in the world and has never lost an MLA from the party.
However, Pakistani militant groups have been smuggling into parts of the country with weapons and explosives with the intention of attacking the country.
On the other hand, the Shnong has also sent a letter regarding the harassment of the Karbi especially during the farming season as the time for harvesting the rice is approaching.
" said Prestone.
He urged us to be clean, to use a mask when sleeping and to have a blood test if we feel fever to know our health.
On the other hand, as part of the North Eastern Region Power System Improvement Project in Meghalaya, 33/11 KV substations have already been installed at Chibinang, Mawpat, Raksamgre, Mawkynrew and Sutnga.
“All this shows that the CEM has lost his mind, sometimes he has answered one thing and when he knows the facts he has answered another, isn't this a misleading statement by those people who have not committed themselves? Pynshngaiñ, when the District Council passed the VAB on the 30th, how on the 25th, he met with the Congress leader to say that the VAB was passed by the District Council on the 25th. The VAB has been stopped by the state government, the name of the jaitbynriew has been misused,” said Bah Pyniaid.
According to sources, the District Council will send the reply next month and after that they will follow up to demand that the state government should expedite the sending of the reply. the bills to the Governor and also to get their approval.
Wansa Laloo scored the first goal for Dulong SC in the 88th minute.
THREAD HINGING (NPP) – 11914.
The 10 Sengbhalang have called for a 12 hour curfew tomorrow from 5 pm to 5 pm to force the government to implement the ILP in the state.
In the final against the 2021 World champion and reigning champion Akari Fujinami of Japan, Antim lost 0-10 to remain in the tournament. once in the Silver medal.
On receiving a tip-off, the DRG, CRPF and Command Battalion (CoBRA) conducted a search operation on Friday night.
The General Secretary of the Kur, D Langbang, has urged the youth of the Kur to submit their mark sheets and certificates before the 27th January
According to Bah Kurkalang, the Commissioner promised to look into the complaint of the BJYM. and urban areas and this is a waste of public money.
Irani said 75% of the workers in the textile industry and 70% of the beneficiaries of the Mudra loan are women.
At the same time, he said that every policeman should have a name plate or the name of the policeman so that the public knows because some of the public people may also take pictures.
Boris, the supreme Tory leader, must meet the 100-day deadline for Britain to leave the European Union on 31 March
The gold medal winners were Kisan Bareh in the Pro MMA Feather Weight category, Fivestar Bareh in the Pro MMA Fly Weight category, Juhpaujuh Nongtdu in the Amateur Flyweight category, Obadaiah Khelphung in the Amateur Strawweight category and Eibiang Langstang MMA Amateur. Shanlang Khongsit MMA Straw Weight, Shanlang Khongsit MMA Atom Weight and Donbok Nongrum MMA MMA Under 15 category.
The 600 meter work was carried out by Kong Banalari and the 2.400 km work was carried out by Bah Dhar.
All 13 constituencies in Punjab will contest on 19th June and Doel is expected to contest from Gurdaspur or Chandigarh.
The Niamtre of Raij Mynso today completed the Chad Tyllu festival at Dieñtyllu Square, Mynso A, West Jaintia Hills.
She urged the youth who have reached the age of 18 years to come forward to register themselves to be voters to take part in this largest democracy in the world.
For example, the earth is called a woman, but when you take a stick in your hand, you become the earth, and the plants that are still growing in nature become a tree, a leaf, but when you cut it, and the tree that was cut down was cut down, and when it was cut down, it was cut down, and when it was cut down, it was cut down.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed 4000 tyngka to 464 farmers from 15 villages in Myliem Them to improve their fields. 250 medicine boxes were distributed so that they can use them in their villages.
The soldier, Dashrath Kumar, a policeman working in Gaya, Patna, left his home in Jhunjhunu in June 2012 after expiring his six-month leave. exceed.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. Eureka L Mawlong, President WKHDCC. After the meeting, the government officials visited the CHC Mairang Hospital and promised to do something for the health centre. Mairang area for the needs of the people.
At present, CUET is the only way to get admission in the Under Graduate program in various colleges.
Asad's body was carried in an ambulance after he was killed in a clash with a police team.
Shillong, July 03 : Meghalaya has received the third prize at the ODOP Awards 2023 organized by the Ministry of Industry and Internal Trade at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi.
Therefore, the union is deeply concerned about the condition of the electricity posts in Bataw Village which is a serious threat to those households whose electricity posts are not installed. “There are nearby their houses and also to the villagers as a whole,” said Bah Pajat in a statement.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the investigation into the arrest of the District Transport Officer (DTO) of East Garo Hills by the Assam Police has shown that there is no involvement. You cannot register Assam vehicles.
The number of vehicles, and the types of vehicles and at the same time they have to issue a thew slip to any vehicles that pass through these thew bridges.
Why be ashamed if you don't understand because this issue is not stingy, and you need a complete understanding to know what to demand and how to say.
The injuries were about 35 percent of her body and she is undergoing treatment in hospital.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, they said that in the past, there has never been such a campaign by the government, but in the year 2023, the market has been implemented. This is the first time that the state government has done such a beautiful event.
Perhaps, until now, the people have not been able to understand what the HSPDP means when it raised this demand because they feel that the presence of one state in Meghalaya as it is now is too much.
These speakers expressed their surprise that the Kyiad shop, which has been given a NOC by the village of Pahammardoloi, has been planned to be located in another place about 5 km away. A Public Hearing was held at Pahammardoloi, but the Kyiad shop was placed in a place where the residents did not want to have any Kyiad or Wine shops. Store.
“The reason why the MPF has taken action on this issue and demanded that the Lamphang should convene a special session is on the grounds that with the passing of the days, the peace and stability in Garo Hills has deteriorated. and tragic incidents can happen at any time.
The transformer which was supposed to distribute electricity to Syndai Kmaishnong and Syndai Mission has caused problems to the village as a whole especially the school children who are the future of the country and the village. have more time to read in the evening.
ED, Marksheet of completed Bachelor Degree, Marksheet Class-XII, Registration Card Class-XII, Admit Cards of Class-XII and Bachelor Degree, and other documents as a sign of completion immediately suspend the recruitment in departments of the State Government.
The more she gained power over others, the more she became eager to gain power over herself.
In the quarter final of the Under-17 men's category, Govt.
“We don't have any intention to change the seat, but we wonder why the government is slow to send the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer as EM,” said Bah Teinwel.
Regarding the Weigh Bridge found outside Don Bosco College and the DC has said that the investigation is ongoing, the Committee has directed the DC to submit a report on this within a month. .
On this basis, the Congress party leaders have called upon the people to come out tomorrow from 1 pm to show their solidarity for the cause of human rights. minority rights, our rights as different christian Churches, our right to worship and minister freely and this is the freedom we want to maintain within the whole of India, regardless of and put The party will be defeated, said the leaders.
Shillong: The residents of Wales have been shocked to hear the song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' by the Aroha band, which won the first prize in the Acapella Competition. at the Llangollen International Music Eisteddfod, Wales last month.
However, Lajong are hopeful of the return of midfielder Renan Paulino De Souza after being suspended for receiving four yellow cards in recent games. They will beat Real Kashmir on Saturday.
To achieve this objective, SIRD and District SBM, East Jaintia Hills have conducted training on Solid Waste Management at Tuberkmaishnong.
The union has requested the DMHO to take action in this regard so that the sub center will be a blessing to the residents.
These special varieties of bamboo are also known as 'Hybrid Bamboo', which have been imported from outside the State, and to spread this method of planting these trees in the villages, The meeting was attended by the BDO of Nongstoin C&RD Block and other government departments.
In this regard, the Government of India has already developed a special strategy for them and it has become an essential law.
On the other hand, the JFEPA has also demanded that the miners and transporters of shyiap and stone should be punished.
"Hamas has made a big mistake and this will be an incident that will last forever by attacking Israel and this will be an incident that we will pay for," Netanyahu said. at a great price and to be remembered, by those who fight against Israel, from now on.
He said that he has been summoned to Sardar Police Station but tomorrow he will be summoned to Mawlai Police Station.
Shillong: The Village Authority of Tlongpleng Village, Shillong, today, came to explain the incident that happened in this village on the 10th of July 2020, in which there was a stir in this village.
In this regard, the Union Minister in charge of DoNER, Tourism and Culture, G. Kishan Reddy today inaugurated the two-day virtual conference 'SymphoNE' in the presence of the Secretary, MDoNER, Lok Ranjan, NEC, Lok Ranjan, officers of the department and 8 states, officers from Tourism Boards, those involved in this activity, those working in the tourism industry and those who can express their views of people through social media.
She added that all four need and receive the support of the government in their goal to achieve a decent life and their empowerment and welfare will lead the country forward. .
“At present, the supply of electricity is 88 million units but the demand for electricity in the state is 200 million units and the shortage of electricity is 112 million units and this is a major problem facing us as a state,” he said. said.
“Therefore, as the residents of the village, we are grateful for their selfless service and through this statement, we invite all the members of the Jaidbynriew, Dorbar Shnongs and others to support the ASHAs in this is their campaign," said the leader.
The story of the incident has become more complicated, because according to the information received, it is said that there were family members of the man who was accused of involvement in the crime. Sylvanus Malai, a Rangbah, has been arrested by two robbers for trying to help the elderly woman. They have threatened to help the elderly woman. , where the robbers bombed him from the head with tyrnem until he was injured and is currently undergoing treatment at Bethany Hospital Nongpoh.
Not only that, there are some people who show that a person has earned a lot of money these days by taking money from those who charge mobile phones from his shop. do not use a generator.
After the explanation of the CDM, the District Sport Officer West Khasi Hills, B.Syiem, said that the teams should unite and encourage each other, so that that they should be encouraged and bring glory to the District as a whole.
To you, our Representatives, I ask questions.
Now that the Election Commission has not done so, the office of the Meghalaya Assembly should intervene something so that all the flop people will lose their election and then you talk about NEHU or other projects will succeed. beat.
Are you too busy with other topics? Isn't adultery a threat to the nation? Where is the future of the Hynniewtrep people?
There has been a stir on social media since yesterday, when a video of an insect, which looks like a bshiah, has risen to the sky in China and has disappeared from sight. with human eyes.
The fact is that the 231 nurses who have been appointed for 2023 have been advertised since 2018 and it will take 5 years to complete because about 2 years is the lockdown. The disadvantage is that this office does the manual process which has now been converted online and has become faster.
Friends, please work well for Mawshynrut which is a shrah bah and full of discrimination against the people especially the poor.
At the same time, the MCTA would like to express its gratitude to all the members for their support to the NCM. community and the media for their support.
Gavin M Mylliem, MLA, Ramkumar S, IAS, Nodal Officer, Smart Village Movement, Nagakarthik MP, Founder of Sauramandala Foundation, Divine Dkhar, Education Project. Lead of the Smart Village Movement, Akho Pira of CRISP, Prathamesh Mirgal of Curiosity Gym, Bosestarwell Diengdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Sohrarim and Paiadondor Kharpuri, Secretary of Sohrarim.
That is in the blood of the politicians of the parties, one party wants to be better and win over the other party.
Today's match will be between Mawlai SC and Shillong Lajong FC in the remaining minutes after the recent match on July 21 was canceled in the 62nd minute due to a goal. you are in the field.
Certificates were also distributed to the beneficiaries of PM SVANidhi.
Speaking to media, Prof (Dr) PK Goswami admitted that there is a problem in providing accommodation to the students but this is not because of the actions of the administration but because of the the government has taken the time to allocate funds for the construction of the hostel.
The growth of knowledge has been so rapid that there is no place to hide it, because this media world cannot set everything else but what is newly produced is shown. public access through television or the internet.
At the end of the tournament, the Ïalam Sngewbha Football Academy would like to thank all the schools who participated in this Inter School Football Tournament. exam to come.
On another question, Bah Sadon said, “Former HNLC Leader (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew did not take part in the peace talks at that time and secondly, he was not the one who came to condemn, but he was “It is not right for him to accept the donation because he did not surrender during the peace talks”.
Regarding the statement of Jefrin Sumer who does not claim to be a member of the village, that they are against the appointment of Acting Waheh Shnong and they do not oppose the opening of Jarain Market. The fact is that the Jarain Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Klarbha Sana as Waheh Shnong and Skhemtriang Pohti as Secretary Shnong, has had a plan to forcibly take over the Jarain Lew in the past few years. the dep.
“More than 160 micro-processing centers including processing units for sugarcane, rice, shrimp, sohphan, sohmarit, kait and others have already been built,” he said.
Even if the UDP 11 seats and the VPP 4 seats are added, it is still only 15 seats, which means that 15 out of 36 constituencies have not yet been reached,” he said.
Jowai, March 07: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has expressed its full support to the protest by the JHTOA since the 5th of this month against the discrimination against indigenous people in construction factories. concrete.
Through this opening day of the College Week, the College authorities together with the students started to organize various programs which were attended by the students of Ri Bhoi Synod College. is one of the newly established Colleges in Ri Bhoi, with the aim of improving the education of the youth in Ri Bhoi and especially to provide more attention to those students who come from poor families. .
Shillong, Nailur 15: The National People's Party (NPP) on Friday welcomed the Chairman of JHADC, Dr Sankey Shangpung, MDC from Bataw Lakadong Constituency. These MDCs were welcomed by the National President of the NPP and Chief Minister Conrad Sangma. President Prestone Tyngsong in the presence of Dr WR Kharlukhi and other NPP leaders. Welcoming these MDCs, the Minister said that their joining will strengthen the party's goals. to work for the people because of the goals and aspirations of the party which is for the welfare of the people.
When asked whether the party will have an alliance with other political parties before the elections, Bah Pynshnaiñ said that the party will go alone to the elections and if it needs an alliance it will be only after the elections. elections.
Nongpoh: The body of the Rangbah of Maikhuli, a border village in Umtyrnga and Umtyrnga districts, was buried yesterday. The incident occurred at Pillingkata Police Outpost, Ri Bhoi.
Speeches were also delivered by UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar, Auguster Jyrwa, Tirot Suchen and other leaders. Dr Aman War.
Even if questions are set directly from copy or from their textbook, many cannot and many fail.
We understand that in business matters, we also need other nations.
Police said that when they opened the pla, they found a blue plastic bag containing three boxes of soap and inside these boxes they found heroin weighing 55.68 grams.
At the beginning of the meeting, after introducing both sides, Mukul Sangma asked Joe Marwein to start discussing the issue. Talk only about the ILP, or we will leave the meeting"
Shillong: AICC Secretary Zenith M Sangma of the Congress party today said that two power generating machines of MeECL have been lost and have not been repaired for a year. The Corporation has lost more than T.100 crore per annum.
It is the duty of the police to prevent crime and to arrest criminals and it is the duty of the government not to rob the residents.
However, in the midst of the problems facing the Khasi language, the media has perhaps taken its responsibility to take a heavy responsibility for the preservation of the Khasi language.
He said that this project is a platform to help the potters to showcase their talents.
Rupang.com will try to follow up on the winners of this election as soon as they receive the news and we request our dear readers to be with us today, by checking the website from by 8am.
There were merchants who bought phan, there were those who bought synsar or synñiam, there were those who bought latyrpad, there were those who bought snepdieng, ñiitmaw and there were those who bought Ksehkhleiñ.
He said that the leader should have the knowledge and understanding to be able to provide services to them.
“Of course, there is no denying the fact that opposition will always arise but you will see it better if you examine the behavior of the parties rather than the candidates.
That is why God said to Samuel – “Do not look at his appearance or at the height of his stature; for I have rejected thee" 1 Samuel
Others who did not appear were Bah Allowis Dohtdong (Independent), Bankhrawsing Kharbuli (KHNAM), Frederick Joplang Lyngshiang (UDP) and Hubert Marbaniang (BJP).
The residents of Umlad Kur who have more than 500 households who depend on the cultivation of sohniamtra have faced the biggest problem in terms of income.
These reasons often cause riots during elections to the point of violence and injury.
The incident occurred at 10:30 pm.
On the other hand, the DGP has already filed a complaint with the court to count the ejahar as dead and admitted that the ejahar is nothing but a slander against him for being arrested and Bah GK Iangrai has been suspended from his tenure as DGP.
Allfond said that this is a strong and effective tool to curb the infiltration of other ethnic groups in the homes, clans and society. He also urged the other Kurs of Ri Khasi Jaintia and others to surprise the people and remember that the Kur Seng is a strong weapon. to protect the children of the people in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
However, today it was learned that the 13 parties have already prepared all the necessary talks on the 29th.
He said that with the allocation of 5% wais to the private sector, the private sector will take advantage of the increase in the number of labor licenses of foreigners just to earn from the commission of 5 tyngka per cent.
I think you have seen that they have included him as one of the members of the committee to discuss today at 4 pm,” said Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
Robertson Khongriah of Phudmuri scored eight goals while Badon Kharlyngdoh of Mawlai Mawdatbaki won the title of best goalkeeper and Nathaniel won the title of best goalkeeper. Kharbuli of Phudmuri was named Promising Player.
The killed were identified as Havildar Mandeep Singh, Lance Naik Debashish Baswal, Lance Naik Kulwant Singh, Sepoy Harkrishan Singh and Sepoy Sewak Singh. The Indian Army and have been deployed in the area to fight against the insurgents.
In a statement, the kur through Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit expressed its gratitude to the man who has brought honor to the kur and said that it will soon honor him.
Ampareen said that as a party, she wants to know from the government how the government will act because it should have a clear policy in this regard.
Earlier, the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Dr Jitendra Singh, said that through e-governance, anyone who benefits You don't have to go to Delhi or District to receive the scheme from the Central Government but it will reach your bank account.
Boys H/S School, where RC Eve's Secondary School won 3-2 goals through a tie breaker.
He is the Minister in charge of Tourism, Excise and Water Resources.
To talk without knowing is foolishness, and in elections, we should not preach with foolishness or deceit.
The VAB has been sent back to the District Council Affairs (DCA) department of the state government for consideration,” he said.
During the three days of the Conference, the participants discussed how to bring about unity among the Sengbhalang of the region and also to express a united voice in any case. The villagers in the area are facing problems.
We urge the MDA Government to release the report so that we as the people can see and we want as we say.
He added that the government does not inform the Council regarding the exact collection of revenue from major, minor and through vehicle taxes.
He said that if local taxis from Shillong to other districts are banned, they will also ban local taxis from other districts to come to Shillong.
Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey said that from today, the police force in the city will be transformed.
The JHADC, while announcing the rules for the Doloi election, said that there are kurs who have the right to contest the election but it has not been mentioned whether they belong to any religion.
He said that according to the Constitution of the country, through Article 41, Part IV, it advises the States to introduce measures to ensure the right to earn, the jobs of the people when ask for it.
They have filed their nomination papers as Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit as an independent candidate.
After this incident, the security forces have conducted a heavy patrolling of the village with the presence of the army.
Although Meghalaya is the smallest state, it is not lacking in corruption and theft in the jurisdictions.
Another amazing function of leaves is that they make food for the plant.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) today said that it is necessary to have an administrator rule in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) so that the special session can be convened. The Executive Committee was appointed.
“We will discuss this soon to resolve it,” he said.
After the explosions in the area on Saturday, Inbar, 26, has gathered additional police in the village with 700 residents and Twelve village policemen and distributed weapons to fight against the Hamas militants and ordered to patrol the village and as soon as the militants entered, Inbar, the Five Hamas militants were shot dead and 12 others were killed in the fighting, which lasted for four hours.
Arles Rymbai passed away on 13th July 2019 at 1 PM at the age of
Nongrum, the daughter of Bah O Passi, Deputy Inspector General of Police (Security), was arrested by the volunteers of Malki village. , on the night of the 25th of this month, when it also collided with another vehicle.
It is exactly like meeting a fierce Ksew – if you show signs of fear on your face or body then that Ksew will gain strength and if you run away, it will chase you; However, if you stand against him with a brave Durkhmat to fight or if you have a weapon to bomb and shoot, the Ksew will turn away and run away.
In Class-5, Aaraino, Darius came second and Thrangki O Shylla came third.
When you increase your bording bill, you increase your Meecl. Why????.
For the safety of the people in the area and especially those who live near these places, the union urges the DC to take immediate action and that is to spray water on all the kyrpong of Petrol Pumps and Godowns, as well as vehicles traveling to and from these places.
The salary of all of them should be increased because now they receive too little honorarium or Khaw khun.
Kunwar suffered from a throat infection and was admitted to AIIMS in Delhi, but died.
Supporting the motion, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem and also the leader of the VPP said, “I feel it would be in the best interest of the people of the state to extend the sitting days. dorbar and increase the hours so that we can resolve many issues".
The IFBB Mr Universe Iran Armwrestling Championship is organized by the Iranian Fitness and Bodybuilding Federation in collaboration with the International Fitness and Bodybuilding Federation (IFBB).
It is to be recalled that the bloodshed between the Meitei and Kuki communities in Manipur has started since the first month of June this year.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Scorpio of Dr Sandy Syiem, owner of Sanker Nursing Home, has been hit by a stone at Mawlai Mawroh while he was on his way to his workplace at Sanker Hospital. Another Tourist Taxi, has been burnt down in Nongmynsong this morning.
He said that the word India was misused and given by the British.
Bah Ronnie, who is also an MDC, spoke on the importance of the Sixth Schedule and the customs and traditions that should be improved.
On the other hand, Kong Ibakyntilin Mary Umdor, expressed her special gratitude to the HYC Mawlai Circle for taking the initiative to help her from the first time until now.
However, she said that according to the National Medical Commission (NCM) Regulations, 2023, Meghalaya has given relief to the State which still needs a lot of medicine. doctors to provide services in health centers especially in rural areas.
The second period ended and Babu Penglang left the classroom VI. “Gavin tell me quickly now why you can't finish your homework.
“We have also received information that the need to improve and update the software, UG computer software, upgradation of server/netword has not been done for three years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The FKJGP has set up a Cattle Smuggling Prevention Team (CMPT) to curb the illegal smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. The reason for the increase in the price of beef is due to the fact that many cows go to Bangladesh and to ensure that the meat that the people eat is healthy.
Police have not yet been able to estimate the damage caused by the incident and are investigating the cause of the incident. and they came out of their houses, and fled everywhere.
The fire broke out during the hours of the promulgation of Section 144 CrPC by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills from 5th July, from 6 pm to 6 pm. by 5 am.
“After we seized 18 illegal coal trucks last night, this morning some people have phoned me to say in the name of the people and when the “.
He said that the Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah has been a long standing demand of the people for many decades as the Dorbar itself has been demanding since the past on the need for a Civil Sub Division. It also covers an area of ​​48,000 hectares, has about 110 villages and according to the 2011 census has about 35,000 inhabitants.
He made four appearances for the Malabarians and then for East Bengal in the following I-League season.
The departure of these leaders from the Congress party came after several months of conflict with the party which has reached the point of being expelled from the party for three years.
This will happen after the resurrection.
Shillong: The Kur Wahlang Union of Jirang Hima today met with the Executive Member of the KHADC Elaka and submitted a petition against the Syiem of Jirang Hima, Paiem RH Wahlang. Minister who is against the custom.
The meeting was attended by the President of HANM Nongpoh Circle, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani in the presence of the President of HANM, Bah Ajit Makri, other leaders and The members of this Seng are from Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor W Nongbri, today convened a meeting with the KHADC, Mylliem Hima and the Superintendent of Police to discuss the opening of the police station. shop in Judah.
Speaking at the public meeting, Prof. Laloo praised the preparation of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the opening of the Blood Bank of the Hospital. the angnud has been many years.
Regarding the water conservation and irrigation scheme implemented by the Village Employment Committee, Iongkaluh Village Employment Committee Secretary Pynshngaiñlang Kyndait said that the VEC has taken a water well from a small stream. Thhwai Thlen and the VEC have built check dams, the water has been built in such a way that people can use it in many areas and at the same time the water has been managed. The check dam has been supported by the MrghaLAMP and MGNREGA schemes. This has helped a lot in the field of agriculture. promote agriculture in the villages and townships.
Speeches were also delivered by Kong T.Marbaniang, President of Women Social Welfare Organisation, Pynursla and Rangbah Dong of Umkor Village Bah A.Khongsni who gave their blessings to all the new members.
However, we will consider the options available in the future.
In this regard, he urged the Municipal Board and MUDA to warn those farmers not to charge more than the price set by the office.
He said that the religious leaders, when they learned of this, went to meet the Prime Minister and requested him not to bring the casino in Meghalaya. give three licenses on this.
The number of cases in India has risen to 1,53,21,089, with 20,31,977 still infected and 1,31,31 recovered. 08,582 people.
She said that the residents are afraid to use this bridge to reach the village because it could collapse.
The prayer was delivered by Tbn.Khwarly Phawa.
Shillong, Naitung 03: The High Court of Meghalaya today strongly criticized the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) for hearing a petition against the transfer of Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Harijan where the court also accused the HPC of playing fast and loose against the government and the court.
The teachings of Jesus are recorded in the four Gospels of the New Testament.
This website also contains the Articles of the Constitution of India which describe the rights and protections of the citizens of the country. Article 342.
In the incident, a 9-year-old boy from Umjei village, Evanjohn Nonglait, died shortly after being hit by a local taxi (No ML). - 05H0631 I'm going to throw you away.
Hundreds of people turned up at the AGP office in Dibrugarh and looted the belongings of the office.
Shillong, July 23: The committee headed by Bah DD Lapang to empower the Dorbar Shnongs has requested two months from the city council to complete its work.
NOTE – 482.
Through this victory, the acceptance of new sports by the youth of the country will continue to increase, said Minister Duh.
It is learned that the purpose of the khilon was to visit the road to Chongadare village.
My mission to contest the election is to reform the Khadar system, to provide fair service, to be the voice for the poor, to be the hope of the hopeless, to fight against to fight against the exploitation of the poor, to fight against corruption and also to fight against Dynasty Politics. with one longing.
The meeting was enriched by the songs and dances performed by the youth of the Kur Lamare of different Units.
This heatwave occurs when the temperature rises which can affect the health of the human body.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of a meeting with the leaders of Adhoc Schools in Garo Hills under the banner of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA), Kenneth Shadap said, “We have discussed the the letter which was sent to me by Dak this morning.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, on the 22nd of October, has completed the main part of the preparations for the Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 8th, 9th and 10th of June, In completion of the thanksgiving ceremony, the village judge for Kiew Ksing.
I am not saying this to insult the people but with a sorrowful spirit to see that the residents of the market are being insulted. I am not happy at all so I have to express this in front of the government and the government ministers in charge. to this work.
The union demands that the Government should not remain silent but should take action to curb crime and violence in the border areas to protect our brothers and sisters from such attacks.
The Engineer smiled and greeted me and the young man.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Thursday submitted five recommendations to the Chairperson of the Committee of Political Parties, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, regarding the new trial of the United Democratic Party (UDP). the State Reesrvation Policy of the State.
The 1st 7-aside open knock out tournament will be held at Wahkijwai Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District.
Pakistani Army Chief General Qamar Jawed Bajwa has visited Pakistani troops on the Line of Control (LoC) in Kashmir and ordered them to be well prepared, for any unforeseen circumstances.
The reason is that the shopkeepers don't have the right to refund the excess money.
Question : These Bills have their own section on terrorism.
On the same day, the Library and Digital Classroom was also inaugurated for the students and the 10th Anniversary Cake was cut.
“It is a threat to this great country and there are many reasons that will affect the foundation laid in this country to develop, flourish and become a strong country,” he said.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the expenditure to fight and prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the state has reached T240 crore.
They said that the house was built to temporarily accommodate many day laborers who came to work in the state and no one was injured in the incident.
The cause of the shooting is still unknown but it is believed that the robbers wanted to attack the journalist who had gone to the illegal ganja and kyiad shop. of Canapara.
For many years now, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has been providing training on how to breastfeed because if you give birth every year, the mother is weak and if she comes from a poor family, she cannot. It is difficult to provide food for the children, not to mention sending them to school.
Jingjang D Shira, who did not claim to be the new Chief Executive Director of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), and two others have surrendered to West Garo Police. Hills on Sunday and were subsequently arrested.
Dr. Mishra retired from the Army on 31st November 1991 as a Brigadier after a long service since he joined the Army on 17th November
Main Foundation.
Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.
As he remembered thinking about the encounter with Riia days ago.
In another development, the Union of Village Authorities (UVH) through a statement from its General Secretary, Bah RL Blah, has expressed its disappointment over the failure to introduce the bill in the Rajya Sabha. NESO and other groups.
The match between Nonglang SC and Maitshaphrang Girl FC was very interesting with the skill of the girls on both sides in which Nonglang SC played well and scored 2 goals but Maitshaphrang Nonglang SC has tried many times to score but due to the skill of the players they couldn't score a single goal, so Nonglang SC won the title in the 2nd Independence Women Football Tournament. 2023 Tournament.
“It is on this basis that I have decided to leave the ruling party, although I have 8 months left, and in these 6 months, I will be able to talk to the CEM, the EC to take action. task.
Therefore you shall not pay.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) New Delhi Unit today sent a complaint to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah to arrest immediately those robbers who have raped and assaulted this young woman.
From those who came to Shillong, including students, the district authorities have provided the necessary information and requested the Pastors of these churches and leaders of these 3 communities to be quick. to help if you need to register for classes.
“There is no reason to explain how the death occurred from other causes while the person is under investigation.
Meghalaya, which reached the final of the tournament in Riyadh, lost 3-2 to Karnataka.
However, it is only because the cleanliness of the village brings income to the village that it is only because of the cleanliness that the wealth has been driven away,” he said.
He said that the police have asked him for an explanation on the fact that during the hours when the KSU members found these people, they were still under the curfew.
In a meeting with the ASM of this company, the leaders of the union expressed their opposition to the introduction of foreigners and this is a violation of the indigenous identity, besides the severe unemployment among the Khasi youth. passed in advanced degrees.
On this occasion, more than 1000 people came to support the HITO along with many of them dressed in traditional costumes and the police also patrolled along the road from Motphran to Terter. State Central Library.
Indigenous peoples around the world face the same oppression, discrimination and in some cases they also face the discrimination of the high paid nations who teach and explain or force them to change. far from their national origins.
The meeting was conducted by Benjohnson Lyngdoh, General Secretary of Mawlangwir Youth Association.
Because what we watch and say affects our personal life, society and the country and the nation as a whole.
“There are also times when those who hold the shabuk as leaders do not listen to the advice or opinions of others” and cause division.
This hall was built as part of the assistance to the Lyngdoh Kur for the preservation of the forest.
“If you want to get more information please contact the new President of the PBCC or phone on
Shillong: The residents of Mawdem Village, which is about 140 kilometers from Shillong, have been saddened by the lack of paved roads even after 70 years of independence.
I also see that even the people really wanted change," she said.
However, under Bento's leadership, the team beat Portugal and continued their victory to reach the pre-quarterfinals.
A case has been registered under U/S 21 NDPS Act and investigation is ongoing to find out the source of the drugs in Jowai and others involved.
The Prime Minister said that this part of the Rozgar Mela takes place at a time when the country is full of pride and confidence.
They wrote how the insurgents have increased in the state, even though the HNLC and ANVC have collapsed.
Goyal said the meeting discussed issues ranging from border, illegal activities, border crossings, signboards and others.
In this time of great anxiety, remembering him as a caregiver and teacher will comfort and give them peace.
For more information please call 9485432298 &
The case has been registered and an FIR is pending. The Special Judge POCSO Nongstoiñ on 3rd July 2024 has sentenced Slander Mawleiñ to death. He was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and a fine of 30,000 tyngka after being found guilty of assaulting a 10-year-old girl.
The drivers of commercial vehicles under the banner of the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Tourist Association (AJCVTA) and the Jowai Shillong Tourist Cabs Association on Tuesday morning held a protest carrying placards and holding flags of tourist vehicles at all parking lots. They have protested against the implementation of the All India Permit and the increase in the price of fuel.
There those who took us captive (the Babylonians) asked us for songs, saying, "Sing us the songs of Zion.
AJCA, Shillong CA, East Jaintia Hills CA and Ri Bhoi fall under Zone 1, while Tura CA, North Garo Hills CA, East Garo Hills CA and West Khasi Hills CA fall under Zone and the venue will be in North Garo Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Hynniewtrep Farmers and Labor Welfare Association (HFLWA) has been set up to look after the welfare of farmers and workers.
Alam said all the equipment installed inside such as wires and machine towers were completely destroyed.
He said that at present it is difficult for the farmers to compete with imported goods in terms of price.
“This is a violation of the decision taken at the meeting held on 31st June, 2023 and it is also the wrong path.
And the allegation by Assam that they are timber thieves is just a cover-up to justify the shooting of these four people.
The meeting was held at Langstieh Market, Pyndengumiong, Mairang, where Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, called for the unity of the people to defend their country.
“Besides, the salaries of the President, Vice President, Prime Minister and Governors in various States, besides those who have already decided to take less salaries, will also be cut,” he said.
The Minister said that she has recently informed the House that there are 397 new Medical Officers appointed through the Board of which 83 are specialist doctors.
In order for all indigenous people to have access to land, the commercialization of land must be completely eliminated, the ownership of indigenous land must be limited and the conversion of land must be banned. the kingdoms, the village laws and the holy laws.
Since the implementation of the MHIS scheme, many problems have arisen.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Ri Bhoi District includes several Women's Organizations such as STIEH under the leadership of Purity Phawa.
The complaint had been sent earlier to the DC Nongpoh but as it did not take any action, Bah Nongspung sent a copy to the Minister of Home Affairs, the Chief Secretary and also to the DC Nongpoh. District Council.
“All these states have officers to look after this issue at the border,” he said, adding that these officers will meet regularly.
“I wanted to flee from this place but I didn't want to and I just fell down because they came to see us in the car, I just looked at them and later that they fled from this place I got out of the car".
Jaden picked up the Rookie Cup at the tournament, performing well after playing from 19 to being included in the under-15 squad.
To recall the ILP or Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 is an old issue that is still alive and well today.
A footbridge connecting Tyrsad village with five other villages has been washed away after the river has risen.
The MCA will work hard to recruit more coaches, umpires, scorers, physios, trainers and others at the district level.
“When the Ministry of Home Affairs left the hands of the NPP and went into the hands of the UDP, everything changed and I don't need to say how and how much it changed, but The people who live on the streets know the truth and their intention is to remove the NPP from the electricity department and give it to the UDP. department".
The robbers seized 720 kilograms (1,587 pounds) of gold worth 110 million reais or $30 million.
In the first half, Lumkya SC took the lead through the score and made it 1-0
He urged the people not to be misled and deceived by other parties especially by those candidates who are MLAs who have worked with the Congress in the past five years.
However, we as the owners of the Coke Factory, we make it clear to the public that the ECC has shown its authority without obeying or cooperating with the Government authorities to comply with the Constitution of India and to accept the The law is in our own hands, we too cannot take another path and hand them over to the authorities of the law by taking strong action against anyone who violates the law.
Amit Sinha has served in Ri Bhoi for many years and has also been the incharge of PIC Khapmara, Byrnihat. Ri Bhoi after being arrested as a police officer of Byrnihat Police Outpost.
“We strongly oppose the construction of the railway line in our country by Vincent Pala,” said a statement issued by the President of KSU Jaintia, Bah Ohio Suting. .
After meeting with the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Bah Warnes Lamin, President of HYC, Byrnihat, said that the reason why the HYC has lodged a complaint with the Syiem is after receiving information. many Nepalis, who have come to live illegally in the area.
TTD Executive Officer Anil Kumar Singh said that since the opening of the Srivari temple on July 11, 2020, 743 employees of the temple have been infected and 402 have died. and have resumed their work and another 338 are undergoing treatment and resting in various hospitals.
The meeting was attended by General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Nongstoin, Bah BF Sun, officials from government departments and local entrepreneurs from East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
When the question arises what those National Parties are doing, this is the answer, that when the voters elect more of the Congress and NPP parties, what can the Trai-ri parties do? They were ringed right and left, especially now that there are only 10 people.
All these trucks are currently being held at the Phramer Traffic Cell for further investigation and the complaint has been sent to Jowai Police Station to register a case.
Regarding the lack of roads, the residents of Nongshyrkon, Umshynrut, Nongkrong and others, said that they have long wanted to get roads, but until now they have to walk for many hours. to reach the road.
The MDA government led by the NPP under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has worked hard to bring good news to the people of the state ahead of the 50th Anniversary of Independence. , but this is the dream of the people in the state, it may take a little longer.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has also taken steps to ensure that the mining in the village should not damage the environment or the water wells and the widespread felling of trees in the areas where there are parks. plan.
Ma Din Lamin urged the people of Narpuh MDC Constituency to work together to support him to achieve his good goals. He said that he is determined to bring about economic development and employment opportunities for the children of Narpuh MDC Constituency.
In this meeting, the Seng requested the PHE not to release the water on Sunday as it is the case, the PHE has not released the water. water to the people in Nongkseh, Sohiong and other areas on Wednesdays.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the reply of Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister in charge of Sports, to a question raised by the Minister of Sports. Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MLA Nongstoin on the issue of artificial turf in West Khasi Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, today said that those who apply for the Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) will be only for those who need it for higher education and training. only for those who have resided in the district for at least 12 years and who have decided to reside in the district.
The demand of these students, the public and the HYC, has demanded that the law should not punish them with imprisonment or impose a life sentence.
Therefore, the government's decision to bring this empty camp in this part of the state has affected the feelings of many Christians especially the leaders of various churches.
He asked the government why it wants to name the scheme after the Prime Minister and it is better that it should name Meghalaya in the name of the Chief Minister.
“The purpose of this celebration is to awaken the indigenous people and to make them aware of the dangers that come to spread in the society,” said KSU General Secretary Samla Auguster. Jyrwa.
In the past years, the government has done the same thing in the same way and as soon as the results are released, it has announced that you should join within one or two days. to 20 or 25 thousand.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shnongpdeng Unit and Bakur Dawki Unit have organized the three-day Maitshaphrang Football Tournament 2023 at Dawki Football Ground from the 16th to the 18th of this month.
At the meeting, two candidates were accepted on the first list for the election.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkhrah-Nonglyngdoh has decided to take back the land after they visited the land today and found that the construction of the Polytechnic School in Nongkhrah has been completed. It is not known why he has not completed the construction of the land which has been donated to the government by the Raid Nongkhrah and the Raid. Nonglyngdoh and the villages of the area.
He said that the Congress party has a good foundation, it has a good idea but it has been completely changed by the leaders here.
The water supply and fish farming project has cost T.1 crore 13 lakh and 430 job card holders have been employed.
Geologist, who works in Kolkata and returned to Shillong for treatment, was quarantined at a hotel and later went to NEIGHRIMS for treatment. Covid 19 disease.
The State Government has announced that it has set up a new Committee to discuss the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
She said that the women of Rambrai Jyrngam should surprise the people and innovate in their thinking and rule of law, so that their children will be free from problems in the future.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the RBYF Umran Unit, Bah Amjester Papang, said that the RBYF is deeply concerned about the pollution of this river and as the RBYF does not want this to happen. To protect this river, the union strongly warns the residents not to dump garbage into the river or throw garbage into the river.
The tournament was enriched by the participation of 17 schools in the marchpass, along with songs and dances by the youth of the area.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma today criticized the NDA government for introducing T.1000 and T.500 notes as a flagrant decision without considering the people.
Joshi said the incident in Manipur has affected the people and the Prime Minister will give a clear answer on this.
He said that according to the Act, the land dealers are ready even if they have to pay taxes to the government.
Pasyih Women Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.
Therefore, he urged the students to take part in various games in these days and today too which has been a great encouragement to them to showcase their skills. sap that phong that that that don.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has issued an order to close down the house of Subrata Das, who lives at the house of Biswajit Dutta, at Nirala Compound, Lower Lachumiere opposite the PCI office. Then the house of HB Diengdoh, Lawsohtun, Block-6
Lamdame Sumer scored the first goal in the 69th minute.
He said that for this reason many parents are afraid of their children and therefore on this basis the Meghalaya government should take action and do something to ensure that these children who are still stuck to different states should arrive safely back in their own state.
We have had the Chief Ministers – DD Pugh, BB Lyngdoh, DD Lapang, EK Mawlong, FA Khonglam, JD Rymbai, Donkupar Roy – who have sat in the post of Chief Minister, but not a single one of them has been elected. can complete five years while Prime Ministers from other ethnic groups have not only been able to complete, but even stayed for more than five years in this powerful and responsible position.
“The government should listen, the government in other states like Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh has not been in a hurry to erect signboards because it has not yet resolved the border issue. force, we have the right to defend ourselves" he repeated.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) will announce the results of the Class X and Class XII (Arts) examinations on 27th June
BOLDNESS L NONGUM 14-8The 17th of November is a memorial day on which U Khla Wait, Tirot Singh of the Nongkhlaw Hima passed away at Bindi in Dhaka in
In this regard, Bah BI Nongsiej President of the Union of Khatphra Village Authorities of Rimen area which includes Pungphreit, Mawlongbah, Mawdet, Mawkhiat, Urkhli, Mawrok, Nongnah, Thiepkseh, Shillong and other villages, said that There is no road to Nonglang.
Similarly, in the desire of some of our men to take their own jait, this is not their own desire but they have good thoughts for the future of their descendants.
Swami Vishwatmananda, Secretary of BSS in Kolkata, learned of Damodarananda's fraudulent activities before Durga Puja and confirmed that there will be a thorough investigation into the matter and summoned him to appear. also on the 15th of November
Jowai, July 27: The Presidents of various units of the UDP in Sohmynting-Khliehtyrshi have decided to demand from the party to nominate Ma Welcome Lyngi Shylla from the UDP. “We urge the UDP to elect Welcome as our candidate from the 4th Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi Constituency,” said Sam Dkhar, President of the Youth Wing of Mynthong Pyllun. Sohmynting Pyllun of the UDP said that at a meeting held on the 16th of this month at Sohmynting, various units have decided to support Welcome.
Now it is up to Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa what they will decide on these areas which are more difficult to discuss and resolve and even if the decision is wrong, there will be strong opposition from both sides. that state.
Referring to the demand to change the reservation policy, Bah Metbah said that the party will discuss this issue as it is an issue that the party has promised in its manifesto.
Out of these 1,570 cases, 994 cases including 190 Armed Forces and 804 civilians were reported in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills. There are 130 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 46 cases from Armed Forces and 84 cases from civilians. There are 85 cases in South West Garo Hills, 20 cases in South Garo Hills, 17 cases in East Garo Hills and 126 cases in North Garo Hills. 12 people.
Speaking on the occasion, Angamuthu stressed that the North Eastern Region of India should be made the focal point for the export of agricultural products as the soybeans from this region are equal to the natural fertilizer and not chemicals.
The AIM in a statement also expressed its appreciation for the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government, Mansukh L. Mandaviya in which he said that “Covid vaccination for children aged 12 to 17 years It shall not happen again at any time without being informed by expert scientists and there shall be no urgent order on this matter”.
However, the situation in the market has changed dramatically where the beef vendors have complained about the shortage of beef cattle in the State and perhaps we will see an increase in the price in the future besides the already high price. There is a lack of cows in the State.
As part of the celebration of Azadi Amrit Mahotsav or the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India, the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District will hold a Cyclothon and Independence Day Run on the 13th of this month. August 10 and 15, 2021.
Bah Kerbhami Dkhar was the chief guest.
The Kick Start Football Coaching Center has announced the names of three children from the Kick Start Football Coaching Center who will be trained in football at the Kick Start Football Coaching Centre. Bhaichung Bhutia, one of the oldest and most famous football players in the country, who has also led the country to win various awards.
Since the launch of the app, Rs 12.2 crore has been paid to ASHA workers across the state.
Only 25 players from each of these categories will be allowed in the Under-14 (Boys) category who must be born after 01 January,
He said the government could pass the ordinance within 45 days and the UDP is ready to comment on it.
It is to be recalled that these two teams met in the semi final of the 1st leg of the tournament in Nongstoiñ.
In the past, the Seiñ Raij has held the 'Sapetbeng' festival and this year they have completed the festival of 30 Rynkaw of the 'tawiar takan' of the village. ' This spirit was sacrificed once for all.
He expressed his hope that the organization of programs such as the inheritance of the light will encourage young chess players.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar encouraged the farmers to improve their agriculture and to have pride in their work, no matter how small or large. great must enter their minds.
Mon Bamon and his family were the first Christians in the history of the Nongsning Church.
On the posting of photographs of the Prime Minister in Tura, John Leslee said that this shows that the Prime Minister is concerned about the 2023 election and that is why he has sent photographs around the city. Now.
Meghalaya will play against Kerala on Tuesday at 2:30 pm.
Grace said all the MDCs have decided that they do not want to contest for the EC leadership, but they will form a strong opposition this time.
The first are those who fall under the category of political opportunists.
The Otters won the U-8 and U-10 matches 6-0 and 5-2, while the Lajong Coyotes won the U-11 and U-12 matches 4-2 and 5-2 col.
Arwel said the final decision will be taken at the dorbar bah of the Seng Khasi on the 20th of this month.
Luke 2:13-14.
While preparing in their own state for the NPP and BJP to form a government, they went to work before the Governor, Shri Phagu Chauhan; The UDP, INC, TMC, HSPDP, PDF and two independent candidates also prepared for the meeting at the residence of Bah Lakmen Rymbui.
He said that it is necessary to follow certain rules to be promoted from Civil Sub Division to District Level, not just for the sake of one person and if you are a ruler like that, it is wrong. because they need to consider whether that land is suitable for District.
Johi said that alone near Dawki there are nine houses and they are Chynrem Rim, Chynrem New with more than 50 households, Nohksiar with more than 70 households, Lamapunji (Soh village). ) has 43 households, Kyntuh has 20 households, Borla has 15 households, Mukam has 30 households and Jaintapur has
There is no one to protest or know anything about what is in Tahpat.
“We went outside the house and couldn't find anything.
Banrilin Lyngdoh, Assistant Professor of Commerce Department and Program Officer of the National Services Scheme of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat said that Higher Secondary and NSS students of Sngap Syiem College is part of the campaign to spread the message to other people on how to avoid drinking or eating tobacco. which destroys and destroys the lives of us human beings in which many of us human beings get diseases in many ways just because people drink and eat this leaf tobacco.
Other speakers on the occasion were Prof David Syiemlieh, Archbishop Shillong, Rev C Khognwir, former Moderator of PCI. and pastor of the Presbyterian Church.
Shillong: The Sur ki Nongmawlai, today strongly condemned the report that Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, has refused to sign the letter sent by the Sur ki Nong Mawlai to support the On the part of the member of the Sur ki Nongmawlai, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, he said that the refusal of Bah Renikton shows that he puts the seat first and not the issue of the people.
The union also accused the teacher of violating the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act
The decision of the meeting was that if he does not pay the money, he will not allow those who have given the Sying to leave the house of Bah Donbok Shadap. drink as much as necessary and pay for the farmers.
The Meghalaya government has neglected this remote area bordering East Garo Hills for 48 years.
The Village COVID-19 Management Committee, Ialong Village, West Jaintia Hills has urged all the residents who come to Ialong Village to wear masks when coming and performing any of their needs in Ialong Village.
“He said that he has taken this step because he doesn't want to be a spectator of the welfare of the people of the area but to be a shareholder if the people allow him to. shimti as the leader of the area.
The good news is that the Lord Jesus will BUILD THE fourth Temple on this mountain of Zion.
On behalf of the plaintiff, Mr. K Paul and Mr. S. Thapa and Mr. Mr. S Sen and Mr. A. Thungwa represented the Secretariat of the Governor.
The total number of voters in East Khasi Hills is 5,20,262, of whom 2,49,913 are males and 2,70,349 are females.
“The scientific trick of the poiei is to show that they are playing the victim card while from the inside they are the ones who started to attack the Khasi as happened recently at Keatinge Road and NEHU,” said the KSU. “As a Jaidbynriew, we must unite and order in such a time when a terrible flood is waiting to cover the small Khasi Jaidbynriew.
Shillong: The VPP MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has given a deadline to the state government to evacuate those people living in Themetor. to be moved is January 12, 2023.
Everyone has his own group as mentioned above whether he is American, Russian, German, Khasi or non-Khasi he can donate blood to each other in any form. I don't know if you live in any village, I say this because I have seen it myself when I had a heart surgery at CMC Vellore.
When asked, they said that many of the sick people have to walk to the hospitals but sadly the lives of people have died. They also said that poor mothers also give birth to their children in the middle of the road.
Khliehriat, July 14: The East Jaintia Hills District Police on Saturday in the presence of the Magistrate and Doctor, after receiving permission from the District Court, have recovered the body of Bah Riew Siangshai, 40, of Moolang village, East Jaintia Hills District, who is suspected to have died after falling into a coal mine while mining coal.
Central Zone: Shri Lovito Zhimomi 2.
“We will consider the ways to do it.
The equipment purchased to prevent the spread of Covid-19 includes sanitiser, pp kits, masks and others for the police.
Automation is to get rid of slowness and inefficiency in the process so that the work can be done faster.
Drinking plenty of water, especially with lukewarm water, helps to cleanse the stomach and digestion, and helps you relieve stomach problems.
The example of NEHU has been seen as successful and therefore the state government, if it really wants to improve the transportation of the people, should start by running buses for the students, who St Anthonys, St Mary's, St Edmunds, KJP Girls, St Josephs and these are just a few examples of these schools. of buses and that children, should sit on these buses, during the commute and return as well and if so, we will see a car with dozens of children, to which we see dozens of cars and dozens of children.
The list also includes MPCC President Vincent Pala, Ashok Gehlot, Bhupesh Baghel, Sukhvinder Singh Sukhu, Jitender Singh, Manish Chatrath, Sachin Pilot, Gourav Gogoi, Nabam Tuki, Shashi Tharoor and Benny Behanan.
The race is also a World Record in which the runners have to complete the race within two hours.
The parking of vehicles also causes serious injuries to the people.
The program was held at Dorbar Hall Sajer, Nongpoh in the presence of Bah Gilbert AL Marshillong, DSP Traffic Ri Bhoi, Bah BB Makdoh, President of SRSRBD, Bah BB Makdoh, President of SRSRBD. Marcus Marten, President of HNYF and many others.
After the incident, the night guard of the office informed the OC Nongstoin Police Station by phone. On receiving information about the incident, the police immediately rushed to the scene and seized the bottle of umphniang sharak.
Nongpoh: The Central Executive Committee of the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (FRI) today held a meeting at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer, Nongpoh.
Four candidates have contested the election including Bluebell Sangma of the Congress, Philipole Marak of the National People's Party (NPP), Kalpana Marak of the National People's Party (NPP), Kalpana Marak of the National People's Party (NPP). Clifford Marak of the Garo National Council (GNC) and Thinkerman Marak.
However, the issue, which we have to talk about here, is whether we Khasi, can fight against the laws of the Government of India, which continue to restrict us, from the right and from the left and from all around us. nation.
“Rahul Gandhi cannot be the prime minister unless he has some kind of power,” she said.
The Government needs to spend an additional T.900 crore per annum when it implements provincialization.
Chief speakers at the meeting were Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills, Spren G Momin President AHAM Aradonga Regional Unit, Willstone Sohshang President HANM West Khasi Hills and Robertjune Kharjahrin President HYC West Khasi Hills. , who is also the Legal Advisor of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
He urged the job seekers especially those who have passed Class X to take advantage of the government's assistance to stand on their own feet by taking advantage of the Pradhan Mantri Kaushal Vikas Yojana (PMKVY) and other skill schemes. Dr Sahkhar also invited the students who have passed Class X above to come and take part in the training which the government has allocated for 120 days for them free of charge.
This explanation by Bah Metbah is because some UDP supporters from Sohiong have phoned him and asked whether the UDP has joined the NPP.
“We understand that the parties on the government side or even the government are watching our path, and with the change of time I believe that those who listened on that day we I don't blame anyone, I don't say all those media outlets, because now it's not only those news outlets that used to exist in the past but now especially private youtubers have appeared because anyone can collect news and publish news, and the news went out to the people.
The bodies of the two were taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem but were released from the post mortem and handed over to their relatives.
We may be angry that Bah Ardent has been on strike for five days, but we will not fall into the trap of the Government,” said Bah Ardent.
“We have explained to our MDA colleagues on the issues reached with the Assam government on the border issue and no one has expressed their disapproval of the MoU,” he said. Conrad Sangma said.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Police have arrested Richard Tiplang Swer on charges of forging that he is an IB Officer of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India.
The pilot project was implemented between the State Government, Tura Municipal Board and Chamhana GK, South Korea. Dongmin Choi, Chairman, which was held on 13th October 2019 in Shillong.
These two houses are the house of Biki Biam from Mihmyntdu and Gerald Siangshai from Umshangiar Khanduli.
Vivek said that during the investigation, the robbers confessed that on the night of 26th June, there was a fight between their group and that of Bah Omega Myrthong after drinking alcohol.
Once again, she will appear before the sessions judge on Friday.
The decision was taken after a meeting of five members of MEPA with the Prime Minister on 15th July 2015, where they discussed the reasons for the The newspapers of Meghalaya have been suspended for three months for the publication of the news of the Chief Minister.
It is not clear why other cement companies in Jaintia Hills can earn hundreds of crores per annum but MCCL is earning hundreds of crores.
This is an allegation against another government when they themselves have already ruled as a government and have already held the posts of ministers, have already held the posts of prime minister, have already participated in the government. “Last year, it was like going around blaming another government,” he said.
Talks have been held between the district authorities of Jorhat and Mokokchung of Nagaland to reach an agreement on the issue.
Bah Hek has friendship with others and I have friends too,” said Bah Syiem, confident that other ethnic groups will support him.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Union of Sengbhalang held today at the Khasi National Durbar Hall.
The SP said that Issei Sungoh, 29, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Police as one of the prime suspects in the IED blast in Khliehriat Police Reserve. in 2021 and was later released on bail by the court.
The President of the union, Commander Shangpliang, said that 10 demands will be discussed on the day and this is also part of the meeting of the 1st Farmers Parliament. which was last year.
The fire brigade will be in Shillong and East Khasi Hills from 12 noon to 3 pm, Garo Hills from 3 pm to 6 pm, Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi District from 6 to 9 pm. Hills from 9 am to 12 noon, Garo Hills from 12 noon to 3 pm, Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi District from 3 to 6 pm, Shillong and East Khasi Hills from 7 to 8 pm and Garo Hills from 8 to 9 pm Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi from 9am to 12 noon.
Kalank is said to be doing well in Mumbai, Andhra Pradesh, Mysore and parts of East Punjab, which are considered to be the most Hindi-speaking areas.
After the meeting of the State Government today, 8th June 2021, the State Government has also decided to suspend the examination for the students of Class 12 due to the increase in the number of students. of Covid 19 cases in the state and in order to curb the rapid spread of the disease, the Government has to suspend the remaining subjects to be written until further notice. even.
A wife, who was in trouble in her relationship with her husband, was raped for 79 days by a fortune-teller in Balasore district of Odisha.
As part of the preparations for the elections, the BJP has struggled to strengthen its implementation and intensify campaigning.
He said that as the villages and the people cannot do anything on this issue although they strongly oppose because there is no support from the Meghalaya government and does not know that the Assam government has come to install these electricity posts. If the people in power don't take action, the people will become victims. It is for this reason that the Assam government has the will and courage to turn to the Khasi Hills to seize land even in these villages. They are from the Raid Nongtung of Meghalaya.
To showcase the beautiful handicrafts made in the North East, the exhibition 'Focus North East' was launched in collaboration with the North Eastern Handicrafts & Handloom Development Corporation (NEHHDC).
After the meeting with the Coal Owners and Traders Association, they and all the political parties in the state were asked to give their opinion on many issues on this issue. They were also given a period of about 6 months to submit their answers.
Regarding the salary, she said the government has sent the money to GVK and the company will release it by the end of this month.
Congress MLA from Umsning, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh or Dr Bom, on October 27, 2023, strongly criticized the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma and said that in Meghalaya, besides the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, another ethnic group emerged, and that was the High-Level ethnic group.
Rani urged the Sengkhasi not to issue certificates to the MTDC on these constructions in Lumsohpetbneng and if the Sengkhasi issues certificates, it means that it too has been involved, because it should not be a slave to others. and request not to give especially to this building which costs T6 crore.
Chwamiki Ryngkhlem tied 85 runs off 68 balls and Richard Patwet 27 runs off 27 balls.
On that occasion, a durim dulir was prepared on the struggle of the Khasi against the foreign government, in which Tirot Sing Syiem was the leading figure.
The Seng, according to this statement, strongly warns the foreigners who live in the Bri U Hynniewtrep, even if they have the opportunity to live or work in the Bri, that they should respect the The Heads of State should not be proud or should not use force because it may lead to a time when there will be no more respect for each other and also lest it lead to a terrible bloodshed. .
In a statement issued today, the residents of the village, about 60 signatories, said that the shad is no longer according to the customs and traditions but has become a shad to entertain and please the people. groups of a few.
The Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) for 2016-17 was Rs.28,445 crore or an increase of 9.5 per cent over the previous year.
After looking into the situation in Nongtrai, the union has decided to demand for Umsohpieng PHC instead of Umsohpieng Sub-Centre according to the needs of 30 villages. the villages where the Center serves.
Another demand is that as the area has become very crowded from Laitlyngkot to Umsyiem, the police can no longer look after it. Through the MDC, they urge the state government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to provide The Police Outpost to restore peace to the people and that the BSF cannot act too much.
He said that the internet is the most important thing at the moment, and it has become a part of the lives of all the citizens but this government does not know how to manage the situation and doing so is make the situation worse.
SELD organized the camp with the assistance of Herelina Khonglah Gospel Ministry.
The death toll will be not only from the spread of corona but also from the conflict.
Initially, a team of investigators from the police department found many problems in the purchase of 29 expensive vehicles, but when they found them, they found that they were not the vehicles. top model' for those whom the government has already paid.
In the incident, the robbers also stole the mobile phone and other belongings of one of the media workers.
To conduct Tests and select those selected.
When he was granted bail, he contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and 2019, but was defeated.
He said that the establishment of the Village Organization (VO) will be one of the ways to help many families to improve their income and many benefits that the government provides through the VO and various SHGs.
The SP said that members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) who saw the incident immediately rushed to the scene and chased the robbers away. about the Mawlai Road, Heh Square.
On Tuesday, October 25, 2020, the Catholic Church celebrates the Feast of the Annunciation of the Angel to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Banshanskhem Nongphud (33rd minute) scored for St Peters and Tengba A. Sangma for the opposing team.
Hep said, “Well, when all those who came to visit you today, I have cooked them so that you can eat together.
Because to build roads is very expensive, especially if you build four lane and two lane roads.
The final match of the Under-17 Girls category between North Liberty H/S School and Kiang Nangbah H/S School was played today.
“Here in our state, it is difficult to get land, we want an airport but we don't get land, we want roads but we don't get land, we want railway lines but we don't get land,” said Bah Pala.
Sai Yei Sap Production & Entertainment has announced that it has started shooting for the film under the direction of Kiki Garod.
To explain more about the celebration of this special day, a short film entitled “Where will the help come from” was also screened.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit said that the party conducts various programs to educate the youth to avoid these evil deeds, especially the dangers of alcohol.
MeECL should also reduce the errors by issuing high bills without checking how people have used electricity.
He said that sports is very important along with the education they receive from their schools.
Therefore, he encouraged the teachers that this is the land of Ri Khasi, they should not be afraid to smiej because but they should fulfill their role and many requests that if any They should inform the Seng so that the Seng will not allow those people whether they are Garo or other ethnic groups.
If they are the winning candidates, if they want to join the BJP, the door is always open for them,” he said.
The State Convention Center near Pinewood, the Orchid Hotel in Polo, the Orchid Lake Resort in Umiam and others are among the venues that have been ordered to close by the MSPCB.
He said the state government has decided to implement the Contribution Provident Fund (CPF) for all non-government schools from November 1,
“He said that in order to celebrate Christmas, the government has allowed to celebrate this day in the grounds of churches.
He was also a player of the SSA team in Sr.
Multi-part UCC: The UCC Act, which has more parts than a three-part UCC Act, requires that all Indians worship the same common faith, speak the same languages ​​and to accept the same customs and traditions in society, in employment, in income and to avoid excessive differences, through various other laws, under one in Ri.
A new morning dawned along with the cold.
On November 21, 2013, three unidentified persons took the vehicle from Jowai and abducted the driver along with the vehicle to Assam.
She urged the women not to be afraid when they face such problems but to come forward because there is a law to protect them.
He said that in the past, the government used to release money twice a year to the KHADC and there are also cases when it releases money once a year.
There is also a question to know whether there was a seizure of the money, and on what date and in what year.
In the course of this school, Bah Martle N Mukhim, former MLA and current MDC, is one of the pioneers and pillars of the school, which provides services to several villages like Mawdulop, Mawsir, Ksanrngi. and others.
In connection with the increase and spread of COVID-19 in the district as well as in the villages, the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang has decided to temporarily ban the activities of within the boundary of the city.
Local Taxis (Maruti 800) should carry four passengers, one in the back and one in front and so on. cars.
One of the sports that started today was Badminton and was held at the Tura Indoor Hall, Hawakhana.
They added that not all the beef is infected, but there are many good and infected.
When asked whether he will demand the resignation of the Chief Minister, he said, “I don't want to demand the resignation of anyone. anyone, but it is their own responsibility, the people and the world sees it," he replied.
He was tested positive for RAT.
The court will hear the case again in six months and hopes that by that time the government will be able to submit a report on how to resolve the issue permanently.
However, the officers of all the departments of the council have to come before the Council Session of the City Council to explain the work of the Council,” he said.
We are now living in an unprecedented era in the history of the world, in which the world has been dominated by new technologies, this technology is changing. and quickly, so that what is seen or produced yesterday is no longer the same as what is produced today.
These chairmen appointed by the Lamphang, will have to take over the post of chairman of the dorbar as the Deputy Speaker is not present after the resignation of Bah Sanbor Shullai.
He said that it was also the time when they had just finished threshing rice and there were about 8 byrni of rice that had been threshed and all of them had been destroyed.
Ebiangmi Siangshai scored the first goal in the 17th minute and Mari Apal's Griksrang Marak (60) assisted the second goal.
On the allegation that the CBI is investigating UPRNN Ltd and Design Associate, Noida, Conrad said the Design Associate was appointed by the former Congress Government and not by the present Government.
Kamakhya Prasad, MPS, Deputy Commandant 4th MLP Battalion will be appointed 2nd Command of 1st MLP Battalion while UTC Chakko, MPS, Additional SP SF-10 will be appointed Deputy Commandant 3rd MLP Battalion.
Neglect, loneliness, loneliness and despair are the most common problems that many parents face from time to time or they may have other problems. It hurts them even more if their children treat them badly.
“If the allocation is 80 percent, then it will be only for those who can,” said Spencer. He said that there are employees who receive a salary of up to T.2.50 lakh and they should no longer work for it. “I don't agree with this at all, because if you continue to do that, it doesn't change,” he said.
Meanwhile, it was reported that the incident occurred after a clash between the opposition and the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly today.
At the same time, the government has not explained in detail the steps it has taken to improve the distribution of electricity.
The reason is that we would like to clarify a little bit on the news that appeared in the media that, “ka Lawei ba Phyrnai has demanded the release of Bah Julius Dorphang, and to leave him alone inside a bus. According to the information we have received, this is just a plot by the Government to end the life of Bah Julius Dorphang, and to blame him again in the future.
Drugs also fall under this area of ​​operations where they will also receive proper training as part of the mission.
In the second Test match between the two teams, the Shillong Cricket Association had the opportunity to tied first and scored 101 runs in 29.3 overs in the first innings. and took 10 wickets.
Leaders of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSA) have strongly criticized the stinginess of the state government regarding the issue of teachers and demanded that the Minister of Education should resign immediately. They appealed to the people of Amlarem Constituency to have mercy on the teachers who have been insulted by the State Government.
The power lies with the people to listen, read and judge for better governance in the state.
It is to be recalled that this surprise visit of the party is not a new task, but an old task to oppose the dominance of the Garo people within the border of the Hynniewtrep people. , in which the party has already issued a letter saying that they should not be appointed as Rangbah Shnong.
Their visit was part of the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of China's invasion of Arunachal Pradesh in
Shih! What kind of animal poverty is this that keeps its children away?” said the father.
At the same time, he is also a nature lover who has shown his work by planting many kinds of trees and knowing what kind of soil is suitable for what kinds of trees are needed. to plant in their own seasons of the year.
It is learned that last night both his mother and father shot khaw yiang and there was a fight between them.
Police today recovered several firearms and explosives from a suspected drone drop in the International Border area in Samba district of Jammu and Kashmir, police said. the chief of the army.
Understanding:There is nothing.
HUCC beat Khimusniang by 9 wickets while Ummulong beat Moodymmao by 5 runs.
He said that after coming from all over the country, he has found that it is no longer easy for the BJP to win the vote it got earlier, and it is facing many problems in this regard. on the side.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President and Wanteibok Lyngdoh General Secretary today sent a letter and met with the Senior Superintendent of Post Office. Shillong, Meghalaya, to protest against the employment or distribution of letters by the Gramin Dak Sewak (GDS) who have about 6 foreigners in the WKHD, namely in Byrki, Jaidoh, Mawlieh, Nongtynniaw, Nongkasen and Shyrkon.
This authorization was received after a competitive bidding process, in which RGICL was the winner of the competitive price competition.
He said that the road from Lad Mawkhoh to Nohron will soon be implemented under the PMGSY scheme. He said that he wants the roads in his constituency to be safe.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) has conducted a one-day training for the farmers of Ialong and Lumtrep Nongjngi villages to make fertilizer without any chemicals but only through plants and shrubs.
Almost all animals and birds also eat wild berries along with the seeds.
The total number of cases in Tamil Nadu has risen to 20,246 with 11,313 recoveries and 765 new cases and 9 deaths today. there are 12 of them.
Shillong: The three-day East NE Masters TT Tournament 2019 organized by the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association (MTTA) from 28th July at Tirot Singh Syiem Indoor Stadium, Lachumiere has ended. on Saturday during the ceremony to award prizes to the winners.
He said that the two ministers of the Meghalaya and Assam governments should have a dialogue especially in the border areas, “there should be mutual understanding and agriculture should go smoothly.
According to a statement sent by the Secretary of the HNYF, the HNYF at the CEC held on 26th July 2023, has decided to dismiss the Assistant Secretary of the HNYF. of the HNYF, Mr. Edward Thangkhiew.
Shillong, July 11 : AICC Wing Commander (retd) Anuma Acharya on Friday said that only Emergency Service vehicles will be allowed to pass through during these hours. She said the BJP has failed to win more than 400 seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections because of the independent agencies like the Election Commission of India (ECI), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and CBI. ) have become its branches and executive members.
The Autonomous District Councils are not Departments of the State, but are Autonomous Bodies with their own rights under the Sixth Schedule and the AD Rules
The song 'HER', composed and ringed by Kiki Garod and her band, features a disco-funk melody with male singers led by the Rowynk group.
The district, which is very sympathetic to the leaders of the people, has lost its fish and milk.
Did the young man change his mind, or did he follow Jesus? you are not the subject of this sermon.
Shillong, July 17: Dozens of leaders and members of the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar (FoRMLD) on Tuesday carried placards in front of the office of the Regional Office of the National Highways and Infrastructure Development. Corporation Limited (NHIDCL), Shillong to express its protest against the lack of maintenance of the Shillong-Dawki road by the NHIDCL which has caused a lot of inconvenience to the commuters and residents of the villages of the North East.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The CEM of KHADC has made a new promise to the KSU to upgrade the road from T.20 crore to T.20 crore. to T.25 crore.
According to these leaders, the reason why they went to inspect this road is because the people have been facing difficulties in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road especially during the rainy season. It is difficult to pass not only vehicles and motorcycles but also people from the road.
However, if there is no training how to speak as we write, Maram, Lyngngam, Nongtrai, Saipung, Sutnga, Umkiang, Dawki, Nongtalang, Shella, Jirang, etc.
On the other hand, Mahanta, DGP, called on the youth to hold a peaceful protest and said that throwing stones at a police vehicle is not a good sign.
We see that it is looking for any leader who is not from the Seng itself.
Nongpoh, July 01: As an encouragement to the youth in this age where education is a weapon and also as an encouragement to a youth from Patharkhmah area who has entered the 4th position of the Top KSU Western Border Area on 30th June 2013 has honored Samla Banpynshngaiñlang Thangkhiew who has brought honor not only to his family, school but to the community of Ri-Bhoi. other.
The CBI itself works without forgiveness and strives to find out the facts as they are.
Dip today joined the BJP with leaders from different parts of North Shillong villages like Jaiaw, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Khyndai Lad and other places.
but don't forget what you intend in your heart to improve the country and the nation.
Three persons were injured in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Congress MP Gaurav Gogoi on Tuesday alleged that the BJP has awarded a contract for the entire North East to Himanta Biswa Sarma. benefit from all the syndicates and mafias of the region.
In the meeting with the farmers, the PSC members urged the villagers to take advantage of the schemes provided by the central government to improve their income.
This comes after the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Saturday announced that the government has identified about 25 acres of land for the implementation of those projects.
She also said that shet jingshet is one of her dreams to promote herself.
Therefore, as a BJP leader, I demand that the Engineer in charge of Bah Ransom Sutnga should be punished, the company should be stopped from building the tower and the CBI should be investigated for the money. it comes from the federal government".
It is to be recalled that the coach of Langsning FC was Bah Hering Shanpliang who was able to hold the post until the last minute of the Meghalaya State League.
Nongpoh: The production of Sohtrun in Ri Bhoi District has increased with the passing of the days. Many of the shops along the roads in Ri Bhoi, have closed their shops and this has shown the growth of the Sohtrun farming industry in Ri Bhoi.
Donboklang said that in a meeting between the Sur ki Nongmawlai and the government authorities last year, it had promised to relocate the CRPF station within three months. the present time will soon be fulfilled.
Regarding the shortcomings in the PHC, the union leaders have also tried to get information from the management of the PHC, where they have also received a clear explanation from the management of the PHC. who have shown their own reasons why the people who come to take medicines at the health center face many problems.
Crystal Palace also started the tournament with a win by beating Sheffield United 1-0 with a goal from Odsonne Edouard in the 49th minute.
Speaking to reporters, Ros Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of the HSPDP West Khasi Hills and member of the CEC of the party, said that as an employee of the party, , said that he would like to congratulate the party leaders for keeping their promise as agreed that one will contest MLA and one MDC. We welcome those from other parties who want to join the party and cooperate with us so that we can strengthen the party and also to win,” said Bah Damian. Ros's father.
Conrad Sangma, how many months will you stay in the public house?” said Bah Kharjahrin.
On the other hand, the group has tried to invite other fishermen from Shillong to come and participate but what happened is that many of those fishermen who are from Shillong Inside Shillong, they went their own way to shoot the fish in their respective places.
Today's decision comes two years after Scotland joined the United Kingdom in
“1 Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and forsake understanding: 2 For I give you good instruction; for I was the son of my father, and I was alone with thy mother.4 And he taught me, and said unto me, , Let thine heart keep my words; keep my commandments, and live; 5 Acquire wisdom, acquire understanding; forget it not, neither turn aside from the words of my mouth. love her, and she will keep you.7 Wisdom is the prime thing; to get wisdom: and with all that thou hast get understanding.8 Exalt her, and she shall exalt thee: she shall bring thee to glory, when thou shalt exalt her. She shall give thee a crown of grace upon thy head: a crown of beauty shall she give thee.10 Hear, my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be many.
However, the devil came to tempt Eve with his words and with the threat of death.
The Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, Bah Golden Marbaniang, said that the road from Borkhat to Sunapur has already been allocated Rs 148 crore but the project has been delayed and no road has been completed yet.
“Wangala is a festival that we need to preserve and maintain because it is through such festivals that we become a symbol of our nation to other nations,” he said.
Mc Enroe T.Sangma of Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura won the Men's Best Physique (Above 165 Cm) while Bonjovy Marak of Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center won the second place. Vijay Singh from the Fitorium Gym won the tournament.
“As a Christian, when you serve the people, half of your service is like serving God,” he said.
He said that there are more than 500 cases of COVID-19 in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn on Tuesday said in the House that the people of Mawphlang support the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya to curb the entry of foreigners.
On the other hand, the roads from Motphran to Khyndai Lad have been closed after the police and the Municipal have closed the roads after receiving an order from the Meghalaya High Court.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, after hearing the discussions and explanations, promised to read the Memorandum carefully and to seek clarification from the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and the Ministry of Tribal Affairs. Ministry of Home Affairs, and that his office will inform the Chief Executive Members of the outcome of his inquiry.
On the way before reaching the village where I wanted to stay, I had to pass through a village which was larger than the village where I wanted to go. that I should go and stay.
They are like turning water into blood so that people can no longer drink it. He sent locusts, scorpions, scorpions, pestilence, plagues, cold, locusts, darkness, and gloom. the death of the firstborn of the Egyptians.
This Aadhaar is valid only in India.
Since 2004, there have been attempts to bring the HNLC to the peace talks table.
“When we were shot, not only the police but even the Khasi brothers didn't help us. They tried to ring video and this makes me very sad,” said Banshai.
HELLOWEEN has announced its intention to release a new album in which Michael Kiske, the singer of the band, said that all the members are happy. that the time had come to begin to appear again.
“The work will start from tomorrow and a team of lawyers will prepare a petition to appeal to the Supreme Court,” he said.
It was he who inspired and encouraged the Khasi youth to form and have their own Seng to protect their religion, customs and traditions and it was known as the Seng Khasi.
The prize money awarded to all these players is 36,15,625 tyngka.
He said the State Government and the Central Government want to hold peace talks again and want these senior leaders of the HNLC to attend.
No more than two persons shall be allowed to accompany the winning candidates according to their permission to receive the certificate of election from the Returning Officers. .
However, it is unfortunate that this story may have disappeared, due to the misuse of private individuals to build on it with a clay cross, which is a violation of the traditional story.
On the same day, a team of police raided Shillong and arrested Ngai Rami, 28, alias Nano, who is a drug dealer, from a house in Nongmensong, Shillong. Hohoi Lhanghal is from Langgol village, Manipur and Ngai Rami is from Thangzau village, Churachandpur. Block E, Shillong and three mobile phones were seized from the bodies of these three persons.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya on Friday approved the report submitted by the state government to the court to resolve the traffic jam in Shillong. The Chief Justice (CJ) has issued an order on Friday to introduce school buses to pick up and drop off school children instead of using private vehicles. ) HC Justice Sanjib Banarjee and Justice W Diengdoh praised the government for its initiative to purchase buses in a short period of time to transport school children.
Isaiah 2:2.
The winners are: Secondary: Dapbiangkupar Lyndem (RKM HS School, Sohra – English) Kongka Dkhar (RKM Sec. School, Sohbar – Khasi) Upper Primary: Jurika Mawrie (RKM Sec.School, Laitryngew – English) RKM Suchem Primary:Sri Totei la Kupar L Buhphang (RKM HS School, Sohra) Ms.Dallinia Nongkynrih, RKM LP School, Umsohsun).
According to Bah Hek, the owners of the houses have not come to meet him or inform him and therefore, he does not know anything about the incident.
The HNYF leader said that another reason for this is the use of money in the elections. “As of now, only people with billions can enter politics. world, political participation and political power.
He thanked Bah Estansing, who was unable to attend the opening ceremony, for his help although he is not a leader but a citizen.
There was also the Introduction of the Office Bearers of the Units, the Report on the Performance of the Kur Khonglam, the Accounts Report and the Audit Report.
Together, he did not hesitate to take measures to avoid the problems faced by the Khasi Pnar children.
It is learned that one of the employees of the religious leader was also involved in allowing the religious leader to commit these rape.
Later, the night school became a step school.
The selection of these youngsters was made after the judges in the Semi Final judged their talent in dancing and singing, but out of all the participants only 20 were selected to enter the competition. the final of Ri Bhoi Superstar Season
Jowai, Jymmang 11: A woman named Edel Trodis Dhar from Mynsngat village has lodged a complaint with the Nartiang Police Station, West Jaintia Hills District. Elias Biam of the same village has stabbed her son Herles Dhar with a knife and he was seriously injured and was taken to Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital. part of receiving treatment.
However, it is not known whether Ukraine will win.
We are still waiting for the 85 crore rupees for the construction of the Mawhati road, but even that has been taken (imat to Garo), as announced by the CM in the Dorbar Ri-Bhoi held in Last year at the Guest House, Nongpoh, because our MLA doesn't want to argue that he is too young, he is still being treated like we were treated by him in the last election.
This is the sixth edition of the Catholic Fathers' Conference of Zone-VI of the Shillong Archdiocese and the purpose of this tournament is to bring together all the Fathers. Catholic to teach and also to discuss the role of the father whether in the home, in the Church and also in society.
Even if the two of them take part in any competition, they don't want to meet face to face because they can't stand to see each other.
In fact, there was a complaint against him as a candidate but it was later withdrawn because the complainant did not appear.
They were operating from Saranda and were members of Misir Besra's group of the CPI, who was stabbed in the head with T.1 crore,” said the police chief.
Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, who was also the chief guest at the information session, urged to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
Following the order issued by the Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, the government has banned the sale of fish from outside the state due to the presence of formalin in the fish.
On this day, the Rozgar Mela witnessed the registration of more than 3000 job seekers.
Based on access, equity, quality, affordability and accountability, this policy is in line with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and aims to transform India into a smart country by ensuring full, free, comprehensive and relevant education and with the aim of opening up the education of every student.
The Supreme Court has also emphasized on many such incidents, as the Tenth Schedule is strong and strict, not to allow those who cut down trees and trade in shane-shatai.
“I also admit that the company has made a mistake and I apologize to the residents,” said Kong Mawkhiew. The company should be closed down until the places to store the manure or waste are completed.
Besides, the Rangbah Dong of the five Block, the Executive Members including the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of the Organization and Publicity of the Durbar Shnong were also elected.
Dubey, one of the most successful robbers, was arrested in front of the Mahakal Temple in Ujjain on Friday with a value of Rs 5 lakh. they offered to those who saw him.
The match on Monday (29-03-2021) will be between Khimusniang and Moodymmai at 9:00 pm.
He said, “Why have those High Level and Low Levels appeared during the present MDA government and even the teachers have been thrown on the streets and thrown masks?
From 8.30 am to 8.30 am, Sohra received 89.6mm of rainfall, Shillong 2.0mm and Umiam 6.5mm.
After the incident , the family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the police , and the police have arrested the suspect on Tuesday night Police have registered a case against him and the investigation is ongoing.
There is also a sense of freedom in them that they can sleep or play and play with friends for a while to relax their minds.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 77471 out of which 74246 have recovered and 1337 have died.
It may be recalled that the Khyrim, Nongstoin, Nongkhlaw, Mawphlang and Mylliem Himas have contributed to the Chief Ministers Relief Fund.
Prestone said that the management of the traffic department in these three areas where there is a lot of traffic jam, the police chiefs of Lumdiengjri Traffic have to look after and manage the vehicles and release them from the traffic jam. traffic jam and also to ensure that vehicles are able to travel properly.
Nongsiej said that he has a desire to develop the youth in sports, because he knows that the youth of West Khasi Hills, are very talented in sports especially He wants them to become stars not only in the state but abroad.
The government of Biren Singh in Manipur is in dire straits after the National People's Party (NPP) has withdrawn its support for the party-led government. Bharatiya Janata Party (BPP) in the state.
Tynsong said that Covid-19 is a curable disease, but it has to be carefully considered, due to the pursity of this disease.
Shillong: U Bah EK Wahlang Vice President UDP Mawryngkneng Constituency on Tuesday said that political parties have emerged which claim to love the nation, but they are only brokers of someone and it is only political religion and they do not don't have a strong foundation.
It was also observed that some people wear masks while speaking, but it was said that the risk of spreading the disease is very strong during speaking, sneezing or coughing.
At the end of the football match, the BSIMB also congratulated the players and the management in the presence of hundreds of people who came to support in the presence of pastors. The Rangbah Balang who came to congratulate on this day.
Two months later, Pynkhreh Surong disappeared with a Mahindra Pick Up. On the morning of 22nd October, his family members received information that Pynkhreh had not returned home because he had been killed by the enemy.
Those who do so shall be punished according to the law.
A man has struck his wife, and she has given birth to daughters.
as the youngest, I had to leave home to work to support the family.
At the end of the programme, a short drama on the theme was performed by the Intern Students of Martin Luther Christian University.
The residents of the village have given their cooperation to the government on this day to fight against this disease which has shocked the whole world.
In the second half, Shillong Cricket Association beat Tura for 45 runs in 15.1 overs.
He said that many candidates have applied for ticket from the UDP in the MDC election from JHADC. The district will be sent to the UDP State Election Committee.
Iahluti Dhar 7' and Niawki Phawa 67' scored the second goal for Kseh Sylle Ialong. The pre quarter final will start with Risingsun Mukhla vs Mukhla Umlangshor at 10.00 pm.
*The nation expects all the national parties and Khasi MLAs to unite.
The KSU, FKJGP and HNYF Mawlai Circle have sent a letter to all the political parties including the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP and BJP. The ruling Alliance (MDA) and the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and Congress in the Opposition and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) which is the new political party in the state. to take action regarding the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and to demand that the State Government should take action against the results of the independent investigation headed by Justice T.Vaiphei. submitted to the Government from 19th June,
However, the biggest threat is the destruction of the environment because once the environment is destroyed, the human beings who live in it will no longer have life.
Here they discussed the problems of the country and the nation.
Government leaders or people's leaders have failed completely on this issue and it is useless to harass the people living on the border, but it is better that if they cannot protect their land, They should have allowed Assam to mark its border, because before 1972, we were the people of that state.
All these incomes are due to the fact that they have their own businesses which they operate in the name of others.
Speaking on the issue of HITO's organization of this march by vehicles and two wheelers which started from Lad Smit to Motphran, “It is not that we are asking you to support this or that party but to encourage “When you vote, please elect a person who has the ability to make laws for the survival of the nation and not a person who gives money and doesn't have the mind to make laws,” he said.
The Forest Department and other tree farmers have sold the tree seedlings in any size and planted them as soon as possible during the rainy season so that many kinds of trees can grow. , for the tree takes time to grow until the end of its life.
The full office bearers of the unit were confirmed by Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet Education Secretary of the KSU in the presence of KSU NKHD leaders. , Bah Mathew Makdoh Rangbah Shnong and other leaders of the party.
The people can get all the food items, vegetables, fruits and other necessities, except meat that has not yet been cleaned.
“In the current Job Reservation Policy, which is 40% for Khasi and Jaintia, 40% for Garo, 15% for General and 5% for OT and Schedule Caste, although our share is 5%, In fact, it is only 2% if not less because we have to share with the Scheduled Castes and other ethnic groups from outside the state like Nagas, Mizos and others,” she said.
and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve the LORD.
He said the struggles were successful because the government took action to pass a resolution to recognize the Khasi language and sent it to the central government.
Answering questions, Bah H Marbaniang, CEO of MKVIB, said that the selection of people to receive this scheme is based on the job they apply for. through the office of the Deputy Commissioner through the Task Force Committee.
Shillong: There have been 412 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 338 recoveries and 5 deaths.
West Khasi Hills Police have arrested Meban Shangoi on 31st June in the presence of the Sordar Shnong and the elders of the village.
Whether you are doing it wrong or not, stand on a firm foundation to gain the trust and support of the citizens of our State.
She said that the government has already stated that there has been no response from these families, while these families have admitted that they have not received any information. associated with this proposal for this land expansion.
Since the beginning of the rise in 2000, the rice has been given by the Syiemsad Hima Mawbuh with the blessing and named in the dorbar of the Longsan Mansan Raij of Rangslang, Shylla, Manar. and Shadap.
As they drank they talked.
The MHRC today under the leadership of its Chairperson, Justice T.Vaiphei and members including PJP Hanaman and B.Giri, sought clarification from the state government on the basis of the Article 21 of the Constitution of the country, which stipulates that no citizen shall have the right to deprive himself of his human rights, except by the authorities as provided for in laws.
“It's okay, pa,” he replied and turned to his father. “Ew! How many mobile phones?” said his father and stood to look in front of the mobile phone making table.
After his arrest, Kipgen was handed over to the Manipur Police for further investigation.
During the training, besides demonstrating on the screen, up to 40 farmers were also taken to the fields on how to protect their rye and rice from insects that invade the crop. which is great for paid farmers.
The court also presented the order issued by the Khasi District Council regarding the Iewduh, which should become a plastic market from 1st November
Participants in this coaching camp do not have to pay anything and after the coaching camp the WJBA will hold an All Jaintia Open Boxing Championship Tournament, the date of which will be announced later.
· Prohibit the consumption of beef.
Expressing their opposition, the union said that they are not against the development, but because they find that the 42.051 hectare mining area at Brichyrnot is adjacent to the Lukha River and Wah Lunar and said that what will happen to these rivers if the company is allowed to mine.
He said that Mukul Sangma is not a nationalist and he appoints officers from foreigners and people who say yes to big jobs.
The meeting in Nongpoh was also attended by Bah O Pamshong, Kong N Lyngdoh and party workers. At the meeting in Mawngap, MLA Kennedy Khyriem, Minister of Forest Prestone. Tynsong, Minister of Health and Family Welfare AL Hek, and MPCC Chief Secretary John F Kharshiing.
IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Forest and Environment cum Chairman, MBB, RS Gill, PCCF & HoFF and SM Sahai, IFS, PCCF (Wildlife & Biodiversity) also released posters and booklets on Biodiversity. of Meghalaya.
The party has also submitted a petition to the MLA of the area, Bah Prestone Tynsong and he has promised to take care of this additional post of Bah Evanfield.
At the meeting and discussion, the Committee recommended to the Government to set up an Expert Committee to review the State Reservation Policy.
The Archbishop recalled that the early Christians were an example of this by helping each other.
He said the Ordinance is unacceptable and should be repealed immediately.
NEPMU has announced to stop the supply of petroleum and diesel to Meghalaya from the 29th of this month on charges of violence by the Meghalaya Police on the highways of Ri-bhoi District.
These teachers sat in shifts from 10 am to 3 pm and about 150 teachers took part.
The JSU also criticized the MDA government for not having these 108 vehicles in all districts, while in War Jaintia they have not installed these vehicles.
In this program which was held at Nohkalikai village which is named after the Nohkalikai Valley, she came forward to work together with the NYKS office to bring about a clean environment. The plastic bags have shown the beauty of this place.
Assistive Technology can play a major role in addressing these challenges by helping people with disabilities to complete their daily activities and participate in society.
Chief Guest Dr D.Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner, Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, Mawthoh, Branch Head, North East Small Finance Bank, Shri.Lano Ignatious, Adviser Shooting Association of Meghalaya, and offices bearers of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya, awarded medals to the winners.
On November 29, 2022, the media visited Mawkyrdang village in Mawthadraishan Constituency to witness the opening of a small footbridge across a river in the village. You are the owner of the house.
Officers from KHADC also gave a speech to advise and encourage the children of thousands of raids under the Raid Mawlieh. .
The national team, which is ranked fifth in the men's Recurve shooting team, started the match strongly with a 5-3 victory (57-57, 56-58, 57-56, 58-51). ) victory against Chinese Taipei, but which has lost its strongest performances to the other team in the tournament.
We see from the comments, when such sad news comes out, that many of them urge those parents to donate their babies to families who want to raise children or to women/ men who have no children and so on.
Members of the Governing Body of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, teachers, students and others were present at the announcement. The parents of the students where the meeting was held at the ground floor of the college.
Earlier, Congress leaders in Williamnagar had accused each other between Deborah Marak's faction and Dr Mukul Sangma's supporters.
Ardent said the HSPDP is still holding on to its decision and confidence under his leadership in the KHADC. Speaking to reporters, Ardent expressed his regret over many of the allegations. “When the people have begun to understand, they say the crowd”, he denied the allegations that the arrival of the crowd at the KHADC office is from the KHADC office. “It is not Bah Ardent who has gathered the people, but he has never taken part in such an activity,” he said. it’s because the public understood.
Speaking to reporters, BJP Lok Sabha MP Laxman Giluwa, who is also the President of the BJP Jharkhand, said the party has set a target of winning at least 40 seats. MLAs in the upcoming elections in Meghalaya.
Three goals for Sailung Ialong were scored by Mebakynsai Pale in the 40th and 57th minutes, Sandeep Siangshai in the 45th and 1st minutes and Soniroi Suchiang in the 88th minute.
Shillong: The deceased were identified as Bhagot Mukhim, 55, of Malki, Queentina Shabong, 67, of Laitlyngkot, Wankupar Syiemlieh, 43, of Nongspung, Phodarson Kharshandi, 77, of Mawsynson. Marak 63 of New Kench's Trace, Nelinda Wahlang 53 of Umpling, Dioris Marbaniang 59 of Lower Mawprem, Prilis Kharkongor 35 of 7th Mile Upper Shillong, Sumitra Kaur 57 of Bara Bazar, Sianshon Rynjah Ferdinand Ryntathiang, 30, of Laban and Klanti Rymbai, 42, of Khliehtyrshi.
“Cooperative Societies have brought about change in many aspects and if you look at the country as a whole, many Cooperative Societies like Amul have improved, but even that should not be forgotten. “It's a change in society in various ways,” said Kong DD Syngai while speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of the 68th All India Cooperative Week.
The injured were identified as Halman Marweiñ, 40, Thalian Marweiñ, 60, and Ariantiful Kharsyiemlieh,
By Snenglem A.KurbahThe Jewish nation experienced a great persecution for about 400 years BC.It was during the time of Ezra and Nehemiah that the Jews held the first council in the world. This is the most important teaching book in our age.
It is expected that the programs will promote patriotism, national unity and participation of future generations to become beneficial and responsible citizens of India. country.
He said that the Congress party believes in preserving the culture and traditions of the people as protective weapons to use them.
Jowai, Lber 14: The Chief Minister U-12 Open Football Tournament for boys and girls will soon start. 2023", from the last month of this month.
Mawkhar SC took the lead through Rickyshan Warjri in the 18th minute of the first half, but Mylliem SC equalized through Tirot Kharbangar in the 30th minute. first turn.
The MDCs also said that if the UCC is implemented in the JHADC, even the powers of the Dolloi, Waheh Shnongs, the marriage ceremony will be abolished. against the Constitution stipulated in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
The registration fee for this trial is 200 tyngka.
Metbah said that the people have feelings for Bah HDR in this election, as he is a former MLA of Sohiong and a leader who has worked hard and contributed a lot. for the benefit of the people of the constituency.
Polestar Nongsiej is one of the candidates who can make history in Nongstoiñ from the UDP party if he wins the first election in his life.
“At that time I spoke in front of the media and questioned the error of the Roster System by giving an example.
North: only the Hunter.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Teibor said that it is a great benefit for the children who do not attend day school due to their jobs and to go back to step school.
Lydia said, “Oh, stay with my father, I'll work first.
Answering a question on the struggle to make Sohra a district, he said, “To bring about a district without development in the areas will be impossible. but the development and assistance to the youth and mothers to leave on their own feet is necessary and what is more necessary now is the road that the eastern regions need. you win.
Daniel 9:24/ 7:11-14.
Referring to the development projects, he said health, education, employment and roads are the most important needs of the people. also that money will never conquer the soul and the mind.
The number of children and youth recipients for the year 2018-19 is 3001 (Lai Hajar Wei), and the number of children and youth who have received this grant for the year 2019-20 is 2915 ( Two Thousand Nine Hundred Hundred) people.
A fierce clash between the Khasi-Pnars and the Karbi has broken out in Lapangap village over the ownership of a piece of land in the area.
In Ri Bhoi, 153,682 are Christians, 7175 are traditional, 29,117 are Hindu, 1306 are Muslim, 180 are Sikh, 151 are Buddhist, 19 are Jains and 1160 are non-religious. Hindus, 2236 Muslims, 42 Sikhs, 213 Buddhists, 28 Jains and 416 non-believers.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: Police in West Khasi Hills District, have arrested four owners of illegal coke factories in the district, and charged them under the Benami Act. villagers who register for foreigners to set up illegal factories.
What is the reason behind it, if not that they want to run their own businesses in their schools?
The Soo Dwars include Mookhai, Mootong, Mooralong and Moosniang.
Rikmenlang has escaped from jail along with four murderers including I Love You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Ramesh Dkhar and Shidorki Dkhar along with convict Marsanki Tariang.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: After 189 years of the death of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, the freedom fighter of India and also the Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima, who died on the 17th of November, The Government of Meghalaya with the assistance of the Ministry of External Affairs of the Central Government has taken the initiative to erect a monument to the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC), in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Hell is the Lawar of fire.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, three MDCs including Ailad Bhoi MDC Mukhla Wahiajer, Brightstar Chyrmang MDC Jowai North and Octomiwot Lamin nominated MDC, Standbyme Sari and other members of the Mukhla Pyllun leadership participated in the tree planting ceremony. .
This action of the Laitumkhrah Village Authority was a violation of the court order.
In the second half, Toure scored the first goal three minutes before the break.
The program in Motphran, witnessed a 'Cleaning Drive' and the opening of beautified houses, on the other hand, which shows the hard work of the community in improving and beautifying along with the cleanliness of the suspicious.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People of Mawryngkneng and Diengpasoh Circle has conducted a training program to raise awareness among truck drivers, shopkeepers and residents of the Umkhen Diengpasoh Bridge. Shillong Bye-Pass.
Mukul said that many districts in the state do not have a warehouse.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has not had a Prime Minister for 13 years since (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy led the MPA government in 2008-0 Congress.
She also urged them to take advantage of this opportunity because in this age not only those who have passed but even those who do not can earn a good income if they use their skills properly.
It is informed that the residents of the village are facing a serious problem in these days due to the darkness without electricity due to the power outage due to the rain and wind since 25th October, 2022 until today.
Shillong, Lber 15 : The 31st Caving in the Abode of the Clouds in the state was attended by cavers from all over the world under the auspices of the Meghalaya Adventure Association. (MAA) which started on 6th June 2023 ended on 24th June 2023.
The party said that in a post on its Facebook page, Dr Jitendra said that Syiem Tirot Singh was arrested by the British.
In Rongjeng Civil Sub-Division, Jim Sangma has inaugurated the flag.
Prime Minister Hassab Diab has declared a two-month state of emergency to maintain law and order and to track down those involved in the incident.
“Based on the suggestions that they should leave Sikkim immediately, we have taken immediate action and we hope that within 2-3 days the relocation will be completed,” he said.
The Raid Bhoilasa is under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem. There are many villages in the Raid and under the jurisdiction of the Lyngdoh of the Raid Bhoilasa.
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang won by 22-0 baskets against Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in the women's category.
We can discuss and fight to protect and preserve our identity.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh Constituency as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, Bah Larsing Kharsahnoh, Rangbah Shnong of Pahamsyiem, Bah Bah Elington Syiem, President of Pahamsyiem Sports and Cultural Club and other dignitaries of the area.
Besides these, the Union has demanded to expand the Boys' Hostel for Men which accommodates only about 25 male students.
The HNLC has called a 36-hour curfew from 6 pm on the 21st to 6 pm on the 22nd to protest against the visit of President Pranab Mukherjee to the state.
Speaking to reporters, the family members of Bansara said that Bansara left the house not because she went to Guwahati with Ricky or because she went with Ricky by mutual agreement. Ricky came to call her from home.
The tournament was inaugurated by the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie Rgh Haines Marbaniang as the chief guest in the presence of Rgh BS Rumnong, President of the Governing Body of the Seng Khasi College, Principal Bah WB Rynjah, teachers. and students of the Seng Khasi College.
Speaking to media, the Boundary Committee led by Bah Jambor War as Chairman and Bah PN Syiem as Member of the Committee, said that the decision was taken after the The Government has made it clear that it will not back down on the social border settlement in the seven areas in the first phase.
He said that he has to comply with the fine of the government but before he can pay the fine, he has to sell his rice fields, farm and a house. a small forest for people to burn because there were no big trees to supply.
He said that the impact of the increase in the price of commodities is untold, the decline in income has affected from the workers to the buyers, but the AITC has set a goal to overcome these challenges.
“The owners of the house, when they saw the crowd, cried out.
When he came to the house, if he didn't find anything to eat, she would throw him away like a ksew.
“Don't be punished, it is an old advice and I urge the youth and the elderly to refrain from acting without rain as it will lead to destruction of their lives,” said Bevan.
The Gerbera tree was planted on an area of ​​1500 square meters at a cost of T.41 lakh.
The Euphrates River flows through Turkey, Syria and Iraq (Babylon).
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah O.Suin MLA Mawsynram Constituency said that this is the first time in Mawsynram to gather the youth to receive training on how to open the way for the youth of the area to learn. “As a leader, I have the right to lead or guide the youth so that they can prepare themselves to enter various police jobs.
So far, 355 people have been reported to have the disease in India.
Regarding the examinations, which will be held on the 6th and 7th of this month, the government has decided to postpone them to the 11th and 12th of July the instruction on or part of.
New Delhi, Jymmang 18: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today met with senior leaders in Delhi today. to discuss the formation of a new government in Delhi.
After the meeting, the MLA, MDC and Village Authorities under the leadership of Dr.W.Sutnga visited the Emergency which has just been opened in the past few days.
The RBYO will continue to work with this young man so that the corruption scandal will come out and those involved should be punished according to the law whether it is government officers or even contractors. Corruption has also caused severe damage to the residents of Umktieh Pyllun as they have lost their land, farmland and in the future they have lost the budlum which is the road. The RBYO demands that the CBI should immediately investigate into this corruption case and the RBYO requests the people to give their full support and at the same time the RBYO demands that the Meghalaya government should take action. responsibility for this corruption and the loss of the people.
Lahkmen said that 92 students will sit for the HSSLC examination and 98 students will sit for the SSLC examination.
The Chief Secretary's call came after the two-month school holidays for teachers have lasted for two days from the 22nd to the 23rd of this month.
It is the foundation and the strongest relationship in society.
Aidahunshisha Pale- HSSLC 79 percentile, 16.
Former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has elected Robertjune Kharjahrin as its leader for the Lok Sabha elections November 2023, he said he accepts this decision and on his part, he can prepare for the UDP MDC election in
“We will write to the State Government to reject this letter.
He also won the gold medal last year with a distance of 8.31m.
From 7-Amlarem (ST), there are 38690 voters, 18830 males and 19860 females.
Therefore, in this regard, the union strongly requests the Minister to look into and take action on this issue, as it is understood that many will be affected by this new salary. Based on the facts that at the beginning of the SSA, all those who have passed Class XII have been invited to advertise for this job without any other conditions.
He said the absence of a law prohibiting the formation of political parties in the District Council has led MDCs not only of the UDP to fight against the party.
The scheme will allow those over 60 years of age to pay only Rs 100 per month and receive more than T.3,000 per month and those who do not have proper jobs.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Trinamool Congress (TMC) has accused the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government of delaying major projects in the state due to differences between its political allies in the government.
Urging the residents to remain calm, the Dy CM said, “The government and the police department are on duty to ensure that the residents are safe.
Therefore, as the Seng Bhalang and Rangbah Shnongs are on the ground and understand the state of peace and order, the government should not forget but should invite them to discuss this issue.
This Aadhaar card is in the name of Gentility L.Pyrtuh.
" Unquote Clause (d) reads as follows: Quote “to move freely throughout the territory of India;" Unquote Article 29 as follows: “Cultural and Educational Rights :
The NCPCR has directed the state police department to set up an inquiry into the incident and complete it within three days.
When children marry, there should be a registration under the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act to avoid discrimination against women.
Dr Moushumi Kandali of Tezpur University, Dr. Nabajit Deka, Principal Government College of Arts & Crafts, Assam, Bah Benedict Skhemlang Hynniewta of the Center for Cultural & Creative Studies, North Eastern Hill University , and Bah Raphael Warjri, Chief Creative Director Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
“We oppose the decision of MUDA,” said KSU Upper Shillong Circle President Lewis Nengnong and KSU Law Sohtun Unit President Johnson Nongkhlaw in a letter handed over to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh. on Friday.
“After being informed that the police did not provide food and drink all day today until late in the evening, I went to the Police Reserve to meet Bah Pynhun Syiem, who is the Motor Transport Inspector.
Ellia R Marak, 58, of DM Line 95, MES, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS on 16th August
Thus, since the time of the French rule until now, thousands of Khasi women have married people from all over the world.
“Of course not, I'll talk to you,” said Maheh.
In addition, the pot used to cook the tit is also present.
The SP of Shillong will inspect the traffic.
“Therefore, the people of Meghalaya should follow the example of the Bengalis in West Bengal.
“We demand that those involved in the attack on the people should be punished according to the rules of law.
He said that prizes were also distributed to those youths who took part in this walkathon as part of the efforts to encourage them to understand the value of the right to vote. mandated by the Constitution of India.
Besides the children of Seinraij Kongwasan Chyrmang, MLA Lakhmen Rymbui, Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, Seinraij Jowai leaders including President Hercules Toi, General Secretary Arwotki Sumer and others were also present. The leaders of the Seinraij of Jaintia Hills.
“Leit hat, you have three tyngka, you don't have any more, you have eaten all the money.
Ardent said that after the state government adopted the ILP resolution in the state, he expressed doubts about the intentions behind the state government and as it is now. She said that the demand for ILP is far away and it is a ploy to silence the issue of ILP and turn it to the issue of MRSSA. It may be a conflict between the central government and the state government to resolve the issue of ILP in the state, because this discussion has forcibly brought the issue of ilp to the issue of MRSSA and this is just a trick. These are the responsibility of the State Government to the people of the State.
