The leaders of various Dorbar Shnongs have praised Bah Sanbor MLA for taking action from time to time to ensure the smooth running of vehicles so that the people will not be affected and especially who takes the initiative to follow up on the development schemes in the constituency.
Robert is the brother of Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of East Shillong.
Certificate Courses for Assaying and HallmarkingThe Bureau of Indian Standards has launched a certificate course on assaying and hallmarking, recognized by the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC).
Leaders of the FKJGP Phudumbah Unit, said that this road has been constructed since 1996, but the government has not been able to improve it.
Essential Qualification:- Bachelor Degree or Diploma in Library Science from a recognized University and proficiency in the use of the computer.
Besides farming, there are about 5 cow farmers, a few goat farmers. Most of the Khasi farmers have 9-12 cows per household to eat and sell. There are 2 breeders, 3 people who know how to feed bseiñ, ksew, miaw and other animals or if there is a proi, injury, kem prum, ur and kheiñ shyieng. , star, kriah, shang, ruh, three knives to shoot rice, knob, prah, mula, siej knife, tyra knife, thiar knife and others, 1 cloth shop only 1, shopkeeper in Nongstoiñ about 10 people and shopkeepers fish in Wah Kynshi who catch a lot of fish to eat and sell in Nongstoin market.
He said that Bah PT Sawkmie is not the leader who gave the scheme but the election is near, from the first day of his victory he started working on his job. At FCI, where vehicles used to run on the water pipes, but now it is good, at NEHU which used to flood, he has taken care and improved this road too and now it does not flood anymore.
“We are responsible people, we must be vigilant and in such circumstances why is it necessary for the government to deprive the people of their right to exercise their right to know the truth by shut down the internet," he said.
Here in our country, we have found such a great man, Rev. JJM Nichold Roy.
“So there will always be room for improvement and there is also a shortage in terms of demand and supply and this is an area where we are struggling to improve, we are struggling to learn and we will be able to “It's a good idea to improve the quality of services we don't have,” he said.
Furthermore, the Khasi children who worked in the factory were treated unfairly by the management of the factory by not providing them with juti, masks, gloves and other items but were sent to work without them. protective equipment.
Dr. Mukul said he also asked the state government whether it wants to hide from such allegations and if it wants to prove it, it should provide evidence how the money was used. for development works or projects.
The mistake has been from the beginning and even now because the laws and regulations are too weak and strong only during the elections by promising that if we win we will resolve the border issue but when it is over we have forgotten about it. all and ends like this every year while the country has become smaller and weaker.
This word may be related to the original Khasi word 'Trai' which can mean Trai as Kynrad or Trai as Tbian.
The committee has also stipulated that if there is more than one candidate for ticket, the name will be sent to the CEC for further action. the head of the party shall be the candidate of the party.
Tomorrow's matches will be played in Group B in Jowai between Sein Pynbhalang and Youth Club Pdengkarong from 2:30 pm and in Group C in Mawkyrwat between Mawten and Shillong Lajong from 2:30 pm. at 3 pm.
The youths urged the Hima authorities to complete the repairs in this area as soon as possible and they have received a promise that it will be completed soon.
“In her personal opinion, she said, “I feel that the salary should be increased if they are teachers, government employees and we don't want the employees to receive the same salary for many years.
In South West Garo Hills, there are three cases including one from the Armed Forces and two health workers.
On the other hand, the government has decided not to hand over the case to Justice Katakey.
Shillong: The entry of Meghalaya along with other Eastern teams in the Ranji Trophy will be of great benefit as it will become a source of income for the players.
Pakistani police say a woman and her 20-year-old son have been killed inside their home in Lahore.
He said that during the time of Bah Lapang, when he was President, they said that he would hold the post of Leader of the MPCC, but that time too, he did not succeed. As an MP who has to be in Delhi to hold the post in the State, it will be difficult and it will be necessary for a person who is not in Shillong to look after it.
The electricity shortage has spread throughout the state, especially in Garo Hills.
In the middle HE will put to an end to sacrifice and offering" Daniel 9:27.
And above all, He will support and strengthen you in the days to come.
However, it is the duty of the government to look after and assist the schools which help the government to spread education.
“The HYC Mawshynrut will continue to monitor this matter and understands that if the HYC finds any wrongdoing, the HYC will take the necessary action.
He said that the coal mines in EJH Hills are in short supply and it is difficult to inspect every day to stop the illegal mining of coal which is also against the NGT order issued by the NGT. June 2014.
“It is not the way to accuse Dr Aman without grounds and without facts just for the sake of the election.
“Who knows whether the struggle of the HNLC still needs to continue for another 72 years,” said the statement.
He said that the AJCCTA was formed after there were too many foreigners working in this field and to avoid being discriminated against as state residents, the AJCCTA was formed and now there are 7 Khasi Jaintia transporters and many more. They are foreigners with up to 70 members.
Recently, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that the ADCs should first seek permission from the Governor or the government before passing any law and said that the government has prepared MDC elections will be held without EVMs in the state.
Caress Syad won the low kick (Ring) 63.5 Kg (YJ 2006 – 2007), Mebankitbok Mynsong won the K1 (Rules Ring) Under 51 Kg (OJ 2004 – 2005) and Wansuklang Khylle. in Kick Light (Tatami) – Below 89 kg (YJ 2006 – 2007).
In a statement to the media, the KSU said that after the MDA government agreed to run the Khadar administration in Meghalaya, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has gone to He met with the Chief Minister and some members of the Cabinet of the Government to discuss the challenges faced by the Jaidbynriew and the urgent needs for the development and preservation of the Khasi Jaidbynriew.
On the other hand, the UDP has already invited other MDA allies to support the UDP candidate who will be announced on the 22nd of this month.
Stop doing activities that appear to be related to allergies: We witness four seasons a year and if you can recognize these symptoms it can be very beneficial.
He is the one who can make you better if you are bright and well-built and at the same time he can make you worse if your face is stagnant and irregular.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has left Moscow for St. Petersburg, according to reports.
While other states have ILP and 371 like Nagaland, Mizoram also has ILP and 6th Scheduled.
He said that these schemes will be implemented here in the district, especially to register those residents who have not yet received these benefits and to hear how the people feel before they receive them. these schemes and when they receive these schemes.
On the same day, the Dorbar Kur also approved the Draft Constitution of the Seng Lyngdoh Pyngrope, prepared by the Lyngdoh of the Kur, Bah Pyniaidsuk Lyngdoh.
On the presence of high level groups accused of being involved in the illegal coal smuggling, Bah Pala said, “I would like to thank the Symbud Myntri Rangbah for changing the number of high level groups from high level to The zero level as it is now since he took over the State Police Department, and now there is no high level.
On the same evening, the team recovered 34.29 gms of heroin from a vehicle (AS-24A-1861) from Moopala and arrested two persons named Sabul. Uddin sea Aftab Uddin.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association.
In this regard, the MPs through a statement from their Secretary General, have expressed their concern over the shortage of youths who have passed the rank of IAS/IPS and others. civil service of the Central Government, except for a few from Manipur and Assam.
In recent days, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu has personally inspected the preparations of Russian troops for weapons.
Marbud said that the Voice of Hynniewtrep has held the first meeting to discuss the issue of continuing the strike for the temporary dismissal of the workers. Chief of Police involved in the arrest of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on 13th July
The GNLA member, Brijio M Marak, was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Tura after being seriously injured in a mob attack in Ampati.
The Holocaust, or the terrible massacre of the Jews from 1941 to
Speaking to media after opening a meeting with Congress leaders in the city, Sanjoy said, “The introduction of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi it is exactly like the earthquake and the eruption of a volcano to cause suffering to the people of the country”.
In Group-B, Mulait United beat Youth Club Pdengkarong 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong: Two poets from Meghalaya, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, prominent Khasi poet and Falguni Chakraborti, Bengali poet, have attended the Conference of Prominent South Asian Writers and Poets. The Association for South Asian Literature and Culture (AFSACA) was organized by the Association for South Asian Literature and Culture (AFSACA) from 13th, 14th and 15th October 2018 at Pirganj, Rongpur, Bangladesh.
Wasnik and Joshi took two days to complete the meeting with the Congress party leaders in the state from the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, MPCC President DD Lapang and others. Ministers, MLAs and office bearers of youth, women and Block Congress leaders.
Lephiwanmi Kyndait scored the third goal in the 56th minute.
And when the 1000 years are near, Satan will be released again like a snake from a cage, and at this time he wants to go back to the New World but the fire fell from heaven and devoured the demons and Satan, immediately he was arrested and thrown into the lake of fire and there was the beast, the false prophet. man and devil and Satan day and night for ever and ever" Revelation 20:7-1
Not only that, from what we have received, it is understood that at the Mot Tirot Singh at the State Central Library, the State Government has not laid a wreath at all, in memory of U Khla ka Wait.
on 16 th January, 2023 (1 st Round), 16 th February, 2023 (2 nd Round) and 16 th March, 2023 (3 rd Round).
The Riangdo Football Stadium will also be the first football stadium in West Khasi Hills to be built with artificial turf.
In 2007 he became Additional Judge of the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, and in 2009 he became Chief Justice.
Therefore, we the residents who have honored Daniel Khongsit to the Dorbar Shnong have expected that there will be a Dorbar Dorbar according to the provisions of Article 31(2) JHADC which states that “to convene a Dorbar Shnong shall not be less than three times a year or more often as the work requires or when it is requested or requested to hold a Dorbar by the residents who have grown up not less than half time" in order to discuss the issue for the benefit of the community. and the cleanliness of the village accounts and the roles in the administration of the village activities that will bring about the development of the village.
As you have seen how many hundreds of precious souls of our brothers and sisters have become victims and lost in the hands of foreigners every day.
Naushaba, 19, Anila's mother, said, “I was very happy when I gave birth to Anila, my first child, but I started to cry when I saw and the height of thy head.
Nongpoh: Expressing their concern over the recent incident at Barapathar, Umtyrnga, after the Assam government came to cross the border with the intention of planting a boundary stone inside the village, the leaders of the FKJGP, They have met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to demand and urge the District Authorities to look after the area, which has been occupied by Assam. There is no intention to acquire the land that remains in Meghalaya.
“We had to pay for the hostel fee, the salary they promised to pay was T.10,000, we got only 2,000, some got 4,000 and some got T.6,000,” said the students. He added that they sent them to stay in foreign houses and did not provide hostel accommodation.
The current arrangement will end the misinvestigation of the border between the two countries by Cyril John Radcliffe, a British lawyer.
The District Planning Officer of Ri Bhoi District has informed about the government's intention to open or implement the traditional health centre.
He said what the Congress wants is to set up markets on the outskirts of the city, so that farmers do not have to come to the market to cause traffic jam in Shillong.
However, we should not be stingy if we have any symptoms without getting tested or consulting a doctor.
After the shooting, police recovered the body of the Area Commander and seized a 9mm Carbine, AK 47 magazines and several other weapons.
When the sacrifice was announced that he had died, the erection of the stone was held and the funeral feast was held, in which the kur, the kha and the man were invited. , which was held as the day of the death of a person and after that, no one knew and no one thought that this person was still alive.
Some say that the Congress in Pynursla constituency has shown the actions of the BJP government of Narendra Modi, although its leaders, such as Rahul Gandhi, have criticized the actions of the Prime Minister. .
He also urged Bah Rowell Lyngdoh to support the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) who stand on the ground to demand the repeal of the recently issued proclamation on the transformation of Meghalaya. Service (Conduct) Rules, 1990 or the regulations on the involvement of Government employees in community affairs or with organizations or voluntary groups.
Speaking to reporters, Bajop said that he has no intention or is ready to contest the MLA elections in 2023, but from the constituency. Bajop said he has not yet chosen how to fight.
Montagnier's response to the media about the virus has completely confused the thinking of other scientists.
He that is dark shall be dark.
Regarding the B.Ed College in Jowai, he said there has been an order from the government that there should be both BA and B.Ed but due to the outbreak of Covid-19, this work is still pending. “If the election has not yet come, it is expected to start in the coming months,” said Wailad.
Kharjahrin said the demand for the ILP is to fully protect Meghalaya from the CAA, while the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill will protect only from the entry of foreigners. state.
The Transportation Safety Board of Canada said it is sending investigation teams to investigate the cause of the incident.
The MPUF leader from East Jaintia Hills District, who demanded that the government and NHAI should take action to clean up the road, is also on the grounds that many people from different states There are still those who are still stuck in the traffic jam, there are also those who come with their children, who have been trapped in the heavy rain, not only that, this traffic jam vehicles carrying food and beverages intended for delivery to the market areas have also been affected.
He said the NEC from now on will implement a distribution of funds equal to the number of residents and size.
New Delhi: Mohan Bhagwat, chief of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), today said that India is a 'Hindu rashtra' or a country of Hindus and it cannot be don't change it to another one.
Thousands of Hindu devotees, men, women and children flocked to the temple.
He was accompanied by members of the party, including Samla S Rynghang, President of Bhoilasa Circle and Samla B Umbah, President of Umsning Circle.
Speaking at the meeting, the National Vice President of the party, Prestone Tynsong, said, “We will not promise what we cannot do because during the elections, many people have been deceived by duplicates. who only two months after the election were gone.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will write to the state government to demand that the government should not arrest the suspect. Two persons, one who claimed to be Dr Baharul Islam and Tuni Das who claimed to be from Assam, were arrested at 46-Sijubari, Charali Haligaon, Kamrup Metro.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has confirmed that there have been 10 cases of COVID-19 in Ri-Bhoi District since 25th July. The District has directed all the people who have entered these banks to quarantine themselves for about 10 days.
Tourism cannot grow without Lariti and Lariti cannot grow without tourism.
Both the UDP and NPP have not been able to stop the corruption in the KHADC when it has been written in every newspaper that there will be no confidence motion against their EC.
:The Khasi song “Dei tang maphi” has been released on the 28th of July
He said the Ministry of Finance, in accordance with the recommendations of the Fifteenth Finance Commission, has decided to allow the States to borrow up to 0.5% of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) to each State. years from 2021-22 to 2024-25 and this is based on the reforms introduced by the states in the electricity sector.
Tar Kpong means – Tear, but Tar Kpong to look at the signs of the tor according to the judgment of the judge, means in English Analysis.
The tourism industry should have a partnership with the private sector as this cannot be managed by the government.
Lakhan, who has played 17 matches for the Meghalaya senior team in BCCI matches, will make his debut against Mizoram in November
There were many speeches from other speakers including songs from different schools, sports and more.
All this happened because of their disobedience even Moses himself could not go to that land of milk and honey – this was God's direction.
Turn off the heat after cooking.
However, now they are attacking again and want to take revenge on the action of the Dorbar Shnong.
Nongpoh: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, on Saturday visited Pillang village on the Meghalaya-Assam border to inaugurate the building of Pillang secondary school.
"Expressing the uncertainty of the future of the present generation who want to become school teachers, Babu Ron said, 'Now those who should come to the teaching profession, when they see the security of the jobs don, it does not encourage qualified teachers to enter the teaching profession and those who enter (the teaching profession) are only because they do not get a job.
On the border issue, while we are still in Meghalaya, we should not allow Conrad or anyone else to arrange as they please. The Naga and Mizo people should follow the example of the Naga and Mizo people to fight for their rights.
To the west, there are the royal stones (the hidden stone of the ancient king), the bright crematoria (called the Creek Sagour), the Synrang Hati and many tourist attractions. The river flows into Bangladesh.
For the life of man is a vapor that appeareth for a little while, and then vanisheth away" James 64:1
Speaking to the people and especially the drivers of commercial vehicles in the area, the MLA of Mawhati, urged the drivers of commercial vehicles and also the people of Mawhati area, to cooperate. He said that not only the people are worried about the deterioration of the road from Umsning to Umsiang, but even he as the leader is very worried about the deterioration of the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: South West Garo Hills district has the highest turnout in the mid-term MP elections in Tura Parliamentary Constituency with a turnout of 83.57%.
“The party has decided to help those poor families from time to time according to the power of the party,” said Namphrangmi.
At the same time, I live, respect and respect other ethnic groups and religious minorities who have settled in this country.
The state now has 1,50,000 medicines, because the medicines for those over 45 years of age are still 90,000 and because the government has changed the laws, these medicines, can be used to provide those 18 years and older.
“In the five years as MLA and Minister, I have brought many development projects whether in roads, highways, drinking water, schools, health facilities, sports grounds, training centres. in the field of agriculture, assistance from the MLA scheme to the private sector, youth organisations, women's organisations, traditional music groups in the area, sports groups, tourism and many other activities", he said.
There are currently 3 people who have been treated for the incident.
Shillong, Nailur, 16: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has strongly condemned the Government for its insensitivity and insensitivity especially for not listening to the feelings of the people. on issues affecting the way of life and traditional behavior of the indigenous people.
“U Bah Metbah said that your MLA has done many things but there is a delay and disruption due to the COVID-19 pandemic despite the allegations that your MLA is young and others. and when there is reproof, it is like a spirit to work well.
Social Welfare Minister Deborah Marak told reporters today that the HLIC will submit its report within 30 days starting from Tuesday.
Sending one and receiving one without thinking of one's own ability.
He said that there are some citizens who buy the numbers according to their wishes and therefore, it was decided to allow the old numbers to be used when they feel the need. .
The report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India containing the findings of the Performance Audit on the Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri – Jan Arogya Yojana (AB PM-JAY) for the period from November 2018 to October 2021 has been submitted to the House of Parliament in the 2023 Lyiur Session.
NESO will send a petition to the Prime Minister through the State Governors before 31st June 2016 and has also decided to leave for New Delhi to meet with the MPs of the North East. east as well as government leaders, for discussing various issues of the region as a whole.
The training program was also organized by Samla Saiñkupar Syngkli to encourage young people to learn how to use computers when they go looking for jobs. It also provides training to young people through the Internet.
UP School, Wahkaji and welcome speech by Babu Wandajop Khalyngdoh.
Nongstoiñ, June 04: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) has held a football tournament in the memory of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh. an active leader in the movement to demand full statehood until it was achieved.
Shillong: The Working President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and Minister in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, Bah Hamletson Dohling, on Tuesday said that the party has not received any direct communication from the United Democratic Party (PDF). UDP) to support the candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella constituency.
It was also directed that the passengers should be given hand sanitizer and that the passengers should not be allowed to wear masks.
On the same day, a placard and flag raising ceremony will be held at these dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Congress 10+ Independent 3+HSPDP2+PDF 1=16 KHADCFRIEND( GOVT)2019.
Such a violation of the rights of our fellow citizens needs to be resolved.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Many questions have been raised on the government's decision to deploy the ANVC-B rebels, despite earlier statements by the Prime Minister that nothing will happen. He said it is the duty of the government to take a decision, but now it has been seen in the news that the government will set up camps. Before and after the decision to arrest the insurgents, the questions raised by the people were, “Is this decision a violation of the rights of the people? “It's because of fear of the Modi government or something has happened that speaks in their dreams to stop,” said the general voice of the passengers who were shocked by the news.
Your sin remains in you" John 9:40-4
Marak requested Marak to take action on the matter and submitted a petition to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, New Delhi, expressing his opposition to the Mukul Sangma has been delayed to take a decision on the Scheduled Tribe.
Here in Jaintia Hills there are people who are deceitful, stealing and evil minded like these people are waiting and waiting for how to get money, fame and honor by scientific and evil thoughts. .
In addition to the Meghalaya Appropriation Bill (No.II) Act 2014, the Martin Luther Christian University (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and the Meghalaya Special Courts Bill, 2014 have been passed.
This ambulance was purchased under the SRWP scheme 2020-2
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
The party, through Bah Erwin K Sutnga, who is its legal advisor, also said that these MDCs, have just stepped down and that they do not understand the power of the law and the work, which they do. Members of the State Legislative Assembly and District Council as well.
We on behalf of the young students urge all political parties that when they campaign for elections to speak on issues that affect the nation and their issues, not to criticize each other.
Indeed, these are the fighters who have fought against the British Government in these hills.
Nainamalai, Chairman Meghalaya Pollution Control Board.
Shillong, Lber 5: As usual, the Raid Shabong will hold the Lyngdoh Shad this year.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 27755 out of which 20480 have recovered and 414 have died.
On the other hand, Bah Charles Marngarhaba, who moved the Special Motion, expressed his concern over the first MoU, in which many areas of Meghalaya have been transferred to Assam, such as Maikhuli. The fish farm, which is a great benefit to the people, has fallen to Assam.
The Wahrashi Waterfalls Complex is located at Syntung village, 70 kilometers from Shillong and falls under the Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
He visited the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) Phase III at Mawphlang.
Robertson this month released a statement saying he had received information that Biden would visit Utah and wait for him there.
He said that in Meghalaya which has more than 30 lakh residents, there are less than 70 thousand government employees which is less than 2.5% and for that reason he said that “If everyone works for the government, the government's money will have to be spent only on salaries and like other countries, there will be civil war and conflict. “The reason why Meghalaya is like this, we have to praise God for this gift, we have to praise God so that he will be happy when he hears us praise,” said Mukul.
The State Level Chief Minister's Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 which was held in Shillong from 30th June to 3rd July 2022, witnessed the participation of 840 athletes from all districts of the state.
We are happy that we have got our own statehood, but we still don't know where our boundary starts and ends.
The party also strongly condemns the two MLAs, Bah Kyrmen Shylla who is also a Minister of State and Santa Marry Shylla MLA Sutnga Saipung who is in the Government for their inability to force the government to They are responsible for the welfare and health of the people of their Constituency and the District as a whole.
Shillong, Lber, 31: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday said that the settlement of the border in the seven border areas between Meghalaya and Assam is through consultation. from the very beginning with the people who lived in the border towns.
Someone told me that someone wrote in a German newspaper that Go to North East India there is a tribe that needs to be preserved. exclusive).
On the other hand, Bah O Binong, Rangbah Shnong of Nongagang Marngar, expressed his deep sorrow and grief over this incident which has led to the untimely loss of a young girl of the village.
“We must remember that the hospital staff are the first to be involved in such incidents.
RG Lyngdoh, MLA Laitumkhrah and former Minister of State.
Lumpariat took the lead through Desiderions Pyrtuh 25' and Chutwakhu turned the game around through Babiang Khyriem 57' in the second half.
Among the 11 films, a Khasi film titled 'Ka Lad' directed by Bah G Syiem and Bah D Lyngdoh, coffin makers, and another by Bhag Milga will be screened. Bhag is one of the highest grossing Hindi films these days.
The building of K. Marak has been declared a Micro Containment Zone after it was found that up to 10 people living in the building have tested positive for Covid-1
Shillong, Lber 19: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that the operation of the Nehru Memorial State Dispensary at Mawlai Nongpdeng is a disgrace to the name of Nehru. Former Prime Minister Jawahalal Nehru.
Trading License should not be issued to them as they sell their goods on the streets and pedestrian areas.
However, the faithful Judge fulfills his duty as a Judge with mercy.
Christian Endeavor is the first Youth Church in the world and also in Khasi Jaintia.
It is necessary for each of us to pray earnestly to ask God for the power of His miracles and wonders so that the world may know the power of the living God, the God of Abraham, Isaac and the God of Jacob” Exodus 3:6.
Furthermore, the Sutnga chiefs were related to the Kurkalang, Muliar, Mynso, Shangpung, Nongspung, Nongsteng and Pakem Pajuh chiefs.
At least 17 people were injured and 70 others were injured when a four-storey house collapsed in Raigad, Mahad Tehsil, Maharashtra. house, according to the report.
John F Kharshiing and Prof. Bodhi S. Ranee, the second book entitled Khasi States Timeline 1771 to 2017 was presented to Smt.
“Until now, we have not issued the Permanent Residential Certificate or Domicile Certificate except for the Temporary Residential Certificate which has been issued to them because they need it in schools, colleges and other jobs,” he said. to Mr. Aris.
Therefore, Taiwan will be prepared for any unknown incident so that it can protect its border if such incidents occur. long Ukraine at this time.
On the 19th November 2023, the Estimate Committee of the Legislative Assembly visited the Polytechnic at Mawrusyiar Village, Nongstoiñ. not launched in 2017.
Through this statement from the president of HFU West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, the HFU requests all the farmers to take the time to attend this meeting and also to express their concerns such as The farmers hope that as farmers we can overcome the challenges through unity and cooperation.
“Everyone who knows politics understands that the suspended members can return to the party at any time after an agreement,” said the MPYC leader. The suspended members of the Congress may return to the Congress at any time and their suspension will be lifted after arrangement and understanding as has been done in the past.
Remy Kharshandi, who was scheduled to fight last, suffered an injury, which forced the organizers to suspend him.
The mid-term MDC elections will be held in seven constituencies after the resignation of seven MDCs including six in KHADC and one in JHADC. Shullai (NCP), Sohiong HDR Lyngdoh (Congress), Mairang Metbah Lyngdoh (UDP), Mawthadraishan HDR Lyngdoh (UDP), Nongkrem HDR Lyngdoh (HSPDP), and Rambrai-Jyrngam K Plasting Pangiang ( Shillong, July 10: Nine persons including a mother were seriously injured when an Intensive Explosive Device (IED) exploded in the area. The GNLA has attacked Williamnager Market in East Garo Hills this afternoon.
“We will get rid of the problem once these roads are painted and it will make it easier for the residents to travel,” they said.
That night turned into a night of real darkness in Rida's life.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Defense said the joint team conducted operations in the Kalakote areas and deployed security measures to prevent and counter the insurgents.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
He said that the appointment of Khelor Kharnaior as President of the MBCC was done without the knowledge of the Congress workers in the constituency who won two terms from Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. the Congress party.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has decided that car parts shops and pearl shops in all districts will be allowed to operate. except for the shops in Iewduh and Khyndailad.
The Government should submit its first report on July 12 after the hearing.
In March 2022, a year ago, Meghalaya was awarded the second prize for the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission in recognition of the state's excellence.
Khyriem alleged that the MDA government is a BJP government and all the small parties in the government are only the symbols of the BJP. “The BJP and NPP are Bhai bhai, only the name has been translated from Dkhar to English and from English to Dkhar”.
Assam Police have banned the entry of commercial vehicles from Assam into Meghalaya for their safety following the riots and protests in the state following the shooting death of 5 people have died in Mukroh village.
Rowel's remarks came after Pynshngain today said in front of the Managing Director of NHIDCL that the KHADC will not issue the NOC to the NHIDCL. government to build this road.
To be a member of the Executive Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, July 30: The Jaintia Miners & Dealers Association ( Jaintia Miners & Dealers Association ) has expressed its gratitude to the State Government through the Ministry of Mineral Resources for accepting the request of the JCMDA to allow 10 lane coal trucks. 12 tires to carry coal up to 19 tons.
It is because of the hard work of these villages even during the LOCKDOWN that they have not complained to the Government until now.
Police have arrested Dibesh Sangma while his wife has not been arrested because she is poor with a 7 month old child and because there is no caretaker for her three children.
I don't understand why these "Christians" oppose Ganesh at NIT and die if their writings/books are removed from government premises? JSU and RSS are too strong to speak like a true "secularism state / people, just because of Ganesh from NIT who was removed! Christians (RSS, VHP, Bajranddal, schools, hospitals, churches, statues of Jesus) have been destroyed and BN has been forced to adopt Hindu cultures and customs.
Police have also seized the money.
Besides serving as Chief Secretary, Bah Wahlang will also be the Chief Vigilance Commissioner, Meghalaya.
We should also not buy big and slow cars.
The Nonglwai are also of the Jyrwa tribe.
Police from the ANTF have seized more than 28 grams of heroin in two raids conducted on Friday night and Tuesday morning in Jowai.
Shillong: U Robertjune Kharjahrin today said that the report of the Sub Committee on the Themmetor issue which has been submitted to the High Level Committee should be submitted to the High Level Committee. the public.
Therefore, the group, led by Tbn GT Lyngdoh and Bah Drestarwell Marbanniang, has held a meeting with the Presbyterian Church Umran Dairy Nongthymmai District. They cannot turn to the law enforcement authorities, because the settlement has not reached anywhere for five years.
The students have also wanted to meet the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Education Dr RC Laloo since 22nd June but have not been able to meet him yet.
“Since 2016, the Government of India has removed it and 23 states have already removed it, and we have submitted a petition to urge it to be removed so that there will be no discrimination,” he said. .
The meeting was also attended by government officials from various departments of Ri Bhoi including officers accompanying the Union Minister. Arpit Upadhay, explained about many of the development projects they have done through these development projects such as the Aspirational District from health, agriculture, rural development projects and others.
He also spoke on the issues related to electricity as Meghalaya still relies on hydro projects to generate electricity.
“They said that during the time of the old principals, the school was progressing, the teachers and students did not face any problems.
Don't vote for me, support me even if I win or lose I will clean the road so that you can easily transport the goods to come and go I will provide drinking water light and all the necessities of the village and I will bless all in your dwelling place.
And this happened on the 3rd of this November
Police have rushed to Robert Hospital and Mawlai Iewryghep to extinguish the fire, while at Mawlai Nonglum, they have taken away the wheels that have not caught fire.
Langsning FC beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament on July 16. Mawlai FC are currently in first place (26 points) and hope to win the title. Langsning and Rangdajied won the title with 8 points.
The DC said that the imprisonment can also extend to one year with a fine of not less than 50,000 tyngka and can be increased to T.20,0
The DEO said he had received a complaint from Nozim Hussain alleging that the NPP MDC's men had stopped near his residence and thrown stones at their house while TMC supporters were holding a rally. Four people were injured in the incident.
On the possible reasons for the lack of permission to hold the rally, Conrad said, “It is a fact that when PM Modi holds programmes, the crowd comes in large numbers.
“Many people criticize the NPP party and this is because they are angry, because it is the only NPP party which is recognized as a national party whose President is from Meghalaya,” he said.
The All Ribhoi Garo Headmen Association (AHA) has met with the Chief Minister to demand the post of Rangbah Shnong.
But, he said, it is impossible to change for the better if one does not understand that one is valuable.
For DTFM for the years 2008-09 and 2014-15 T.17.50 lakh, for ISYDP T.17.50 lakh, for CRRP T.35 lakh, for The MMSRDF has spent T.30 lakh and the SRWP has spent T.7 crore since 2008-09 and 2014-1
Recalling the doubts in the early years of independence about the functioning of the new country, the Prime Minister said it was the power of Parliament to show that all the doubts were wrong.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Out of 6,250 rural villages, half of the 6,250 villages do not have enough basic necessities such as housing, water supply, said the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong. and other necessities.
However, the State needs more, not the scheme distributors, but the experts who are the legislators and decision makers how to come up with policies that can solve the problems faced by the people especially how to create new ones. to the State through clean governance and to provide a Government that can enrich the State through income generation opportunities that improve the society and create employment opportunities for income generation. the book of the villagers.
She recalled that she had discussed this issue from time to time with the government to relocate the military bases to places far away from the people, but she said that the talks have not reached anywhere. “The government should take action and not just mislead the people with those committees or inquiry committees and others,” said a statement from KHNAM. Jowai, June 10: A foreigner who sells drugs In Ladrymbai, he alleged that the leaders of the MPUF demanded money from him for T.1,20,000/- after they raided his shop on the 1st of this month. moon.
The world is so polluted that they should not follow the law and they should not have adequate testing if they are like this. These Types of Activities To Avoid The Spread Of Various Diseases In The Society Whatever a person wants to do cannot be stopped.
The ability of the inspection team to find such houses will bring joy to many.
Thun FC and Nohron SC won the 10th Pdengshakap Secondary School Football Tournament organized by the Pdengshakap Dorbar Shnong.
The stadium was named K&K Football Arena which means 'Ken & Ki' in the registration process. Their full names are Cannyson Nikton Marbaniang and Banshanboklang Khardewsaw. owner of the field.
“In many areas, the court has expressed its concern not only because the situation is terrible, but even the state government has no desire to do anything on this issue.
In order to raise public awareness on the impact of the roster system without first bringing about a change in the allocation system, the Party has also decided to hold public meetings in the district headquarters and sub-district headquarters. division in these days.
Jowai Central MDC Awhai Andrew Shullai on Friday visited the dam to supply water to Jowai town at Mupiah, part of the Myntdu River. The Sumpwell treatment plant is located in Urkhla.
Congratulating Dr Kharlukhi, Bah Banteidor said, “I am grateful to the MP Rajya Sabha for visiting this village and for his cooperation to promote the work. tourism in the region".
“In conclusion, remember that the Mizos are peace lovers and want to live in peace with India, but remember that if you occupy land and cause bloodshed, we will not hesitate. “We will continue to hold and do what we should do,” said J. Lalmuanzuala, President, Aizawl.
At the same time, he said that the department has found it difficult to apply for funds from the central government for this scheme as it has been provided only once before and there is a rule that it cannot be applied for again like other schemes. .
These vehicles were seized from 1st March to 5th November and fined under Section 182-A4 of the Motor Vehicle Act.
Bah RM ShabongIndia is in a severe economic crisis and it has been seen in the newspapers in the past few months that the income of each person has declined. or gross domestic product (GDP), is only 5 percent, which is a sharp decline.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Aman War gave a speech of encouragement and encouragement to the athletes and urged them to work hard so that they can bring glory to their state. their participation in this competition.
“I have said from today that I trust the EC 100 per cent, because if there is no trust, the work will not go smoothly. .
On the other hand, Samla Enlang Sawian, said that the party has received many complaints from many parents of students especially from Laitumkhrah area, where they have informed the parents that they are to pay the school fees of the children.
In a statement, NEC Secretary K.Moses Chalai said, “We will rebuild the Ïewduh.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong won the Meghalaya State League 2019 title by beating Rangdajied 3-0 on penalties.
The tournament was organized by the J&K WUSHU Association under the auspices of the WUSHU Association of India (WAI). Ethan Nongdhar from Lumparing, Shillong won one bronze medal. He was a child who was trained by Coach-State Wushu of Mawlai Phudmawri.
The capital and fortress of the Hima is located on a hill near the place called “Iaw Dai ja”. It was and still is small and weak compared to the Hima Malngiang.
“Life is a gift from God that comes only once, therefore we need to live with a clear mind in order to bring glory to the family, the State and the country,” he said.
Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh said on Twitter.
The club said it will start paying off its debt once the work is completed.
On the other hand, the district authorities said that they have talked to those involved in the running of schools, bus drivers, taxi drivers and others, so that the traffic will run smoothly.
On the other hand, Sarbananda Sonowal said, “The government led by Narendra Modi aims to help and empower our traditional medicine to spread beyond the society and borders and help people to live a healthy lifestyle and bring in marketing campaigns for the area.
“We can take care of the environment later but how can we treat the people who are dying of starvation,” he said. He said that there are many places where various groups have not made any rules regarding the ban on coal mining.
There are times when things happen for good reasons.
In another incident, Kate Sharma has lodged a police complaint against Subhash Ghai, a prominent Bollywood director, for assaulting her.
“It is regrettable that the youth who are the future of society do not have the opportunity to showcase their talents and get their rightful place in society.
On the same day, the organizers of the event also distributed various prizes to the children, who won the title and regarding the writing of slogans against those who destroyed the Mei-Mariang, Rev S. Wollington Memorial School, Mawthengkut, won the title of the best slogan.
In Shillong, Langsning beat Jyntru 4-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The event was witnessed by the State Vice President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah David Kharsati who was the chief guest and Bah Michael Kharsyntiew was the chief guest. , Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawdatbaki Bah BR Kharmujai, Rangbah Shnong including Bah Lebi R.Kharbuli and Bah Eddie Dkhar, Leaders of the Village Youth Association, Women and Youth from the villages of Mawlai .
When asked about the FKJGP's demand for a State Employment Policy, Conrad Sangma said, “It is not easy to create jobs if you focus only on government jobs.
In the Under 14 category, St. Peter's HSS beat Nongstoin Public Secondary School and St. Anthony's SS 2-0 Jaidoh beat Dapboklang Giri SS 2-1 in the Under-17 category.
At the same time he also wrote one of the most popular songs “Take It To The Limit” which he also took part in singing.
A primer can remove lines or wrinkles on your face and prevent wrinkles.
He added that ART treatment is now being conducted at Khliehriat Civil Hospital.
In another incident, a motorcycle (AS 25T 6944) collided with a truck and the driver of the motorcycle died. hashen while his friend sustained serious injuries.
Isn't this a challenge to the work of the District Council? However, there are also parts of the Amendment Bill which we should support, and those are on the Anti-Defection Act for MDCs and also on Direct Funding.
He said Nagaland and Mizoram have Articles 371 A and G which prohibit that central government laws cannot apply in matters relating to their customs and traditions without the approval of the state government.
This Dictionary is available from many bookstores around Ri Khasi Jaintia.
To unite the nation, we must first unite or understand each other.
If we truly understand this, it will bring real benefits and changes in employment, work and development so that we can truly grow together in this country in all aspects.
He said he will take a final decision after receiving the reply from the employees who are on duty in these two days.
The BJP has candidates from Mairang, Sohiong, Laban, Mawthadraishan and Rambrai who want to contest from the party. decide.
He said that this bridge is essential for hundreds of villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, so if the government does not build a new one, it will put the people at risk. It happened that this bridge is no longer suitable for traffic, because it is an old bridge and is no longer safe.
It is learned that the woman did not have any signs of injury on her body and therefore, it was not possible to suspect that she was killed in any way.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem said that as the leader he will discuss this with the transport department of the state government so that it can collect taxes.
Regarding the new building, Bareh said that it has been funded through the Ministry of C&RD of the Government of India which has allocated more than Rs 2 crore and will be constructed on an area of ​​680 sq meter. .
Although the six candidates who have left the UDP have not yet announced whom they will support in the 2018 MLA elections, media reports said that they are now with Grace Mary Kharpuri-MDC Nongshken. from Pynursla constituency in
Some of the owners who sell tiar die tar who used to pay installments to the people said that today the plain people have come to clean the money and they said that some of them have brought T. and you have to pay T.
This ceremony is the thanksgiving ceremony, it is after the thanksgiving ceremony, the hiar ka nia ka jutang and the returning after this because the words and beliefs are enough to dance. I'm not happy.
The concept of SVEEP- II is, “from greater participation to full participation", he said.
According to sources, the road collapsed at Chyrmang village and in this incident a Maruti car fell into the ground and fell into the riat.
“The inability of the JHADC to fully implement the law is to be recalled, on the 26th November, 2018, the JHADC found irregularities and the JHADC went to They also met with the former CEM of JHADC along with a petition and urged him to fully implement the Trading License and Non-Tribal Employees' Service License in Jaintia Hills.
Police have conducted raids in the area day and night in Garonadha and Rangsakona areas of South West Garo Hills and West Garo Hills.
They were welcomed by TMC State President Charles Pyngrope in the presence of TMC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma.
In Rongram Block alone, about Rs 1.8 crore has been distributed to farmers.
Nongpoh, March 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District today welcomed Samla Daniel Damlong from the Ground and Pound MMA Gym, Ri-Bhoi District, Ri-Bhoi District. The National MMA Championship 2022 will be held from 30th November to 2nd March in Hyderabad, Telangana.
There was also a stone blockage between the roads in Mawlai and Jaiaw, while there was also a blockade in Upper Shillong and Mawlai.
Therefore, this song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi as it appears in the tune has been taken and inserted into our Jaitbynriew but instead of the name of their Jaitbynriew they have inserted the word “Khasi” .
Nongstoin, November 30 : The play off of the Meghalaya State League will be held on the 6th of this month at the New Nongstoin Stadium.
New Delhi, Naitung 2: Union Minister Beni Prasad Verma, a friend and enemy of SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, on Tuesday said that the SP chief is not qualified. "Yadav wants to become the Prime Minister, he should try to get the job of housekeeper at the MRD's residence. Verma, 77, said at a meeting in Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh.
The Budget Session, which started on July 6, witnessed a heated debate on the law and order situation in Garo Hills and other issues related to the life and death of the state.
“This action of the Jowai Municipal Board will affect the health of the tourists as well as the residents due to the pollution and the spread of garbage into the rivers.
"The Pa Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, has urged the people to read and write to improve their minds.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hamlet expressed his satisfaction with the ability of the contractors to complete the project on time.
Samuel, 23, has played in the second division and later been promoted to the first division after showing his skills as a player.
Ma Balious also criticized Mukul Sangma's proposal to hand over the coal mining to the MMDC, saying that he wants to do whatever he wants, not whatever the people want.
Jowai, Nailur 25: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has received complaints from students and their parents regarding the charging of lawyers to verify the income of their parents. The Union today met with the President of JHBA, Ma C.Kyndiah to inform him about these issues faced by the students as well as the guardian income. parents who are your parents.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnongs of 22 villages in Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills, today staged a protest against the government's decision. to relocate the PWD North Division office from Jowai to Shangpung.
The tournament will be held from 17-19 April in Kolkata, West Bengal.
On Saturday alone, 44 cases were reported.
For more information, please call the SP, East Jaintia Hills at 9485178835 or send an email: sp.
The KHADC had earlier informed the High Court that it is considering the matter.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the SNSBH, Bah RL Blah, said that the Union expresses its deep sorrow over the recommendation of the Meghalaya High Court to the Government of Meghalaya on the functions of the Dorbar Shnongs. KHADC has decided to appeal to the Supreme Court against the decision of the High Court.
Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist at a hospital in Wuhan, said the virus is closely related to the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) which emerged in 03.
Rajnath said the government would not talk to armed groups in Garo Hills who appeared to be trying to kidnap, extort money and kill people.
“When we buy electricity at high prices, should the government subsidize everything, yes, domestic consumers can be subsidized, but what is the point of subsidizing industries that earn from wealth.
Gervasis (former parish priest),fr.
Then, if you don't remember, look at the answer only if it doesn't come to mind.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Minister said that the implementation of the Roster System means the implementation of the Reservation Policy according to the provisions of it.
Regarding the khana feeding in the Myntdu and Syntu Ksiar Rivers, it was recommended that after the khana feeding, the Syntu Ksiar and the Myntdu River should be cleaned and maintained throughout.
Therefore, they have to pay taxes or pay exactly, otherwise they will be punished by the government.
He said that they are surprised to see that the leaders of the UDP Youth Wing, in these five years, have been satisfied and have never opposed anything but now suddenly before the elections they have come out to oppose the government. “On their claim that the NPP is the richest party, I also ask how they know the wealth of other parties, because we don't know how much the UDP has. He said that he does not agree with their allegation that MLAs who joined the NPP receive up to Rs 5 crore.
I don't know why...I said he looked at you and looked at me..." Daplin said.
We understand this problem because the playing field must be adequate to keep the players safe from injuries.
The Rangbah said that he is pleased to see that the village leaders of the area have taken the initiative to install the gate in the area. as part of the prevention of the entry and exit of the public and also to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, who conducted the election of the Chairman of the Council, announced that Lakhon Biam has won without any opposition.
NONGPOH: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, in a statement sent to the media, said that they have arrested a man identified as Bah Lassing Kharkylliang, from Sohliya village, for allegedly stealing A Mahindra Pick-up (ML-10-C-4619) has been missing since 28-03-2022 and his whereabouts are still unknown.
This conflict has been going on for some time and is not new.
When asked, the Minister of Home Affairs said, “I cannot say that there is a failure of the Intelligence Department to curb such incidents, but the department itself still needs to strengthen its working methods. their work".
He also explained that the love of the nation is because he cares for his children, neighbors and relatives.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 28: The Government of Assam and Meghalaya are preparing to start the second phase of the border clearance in Langpih sector. Retired School Teacher, former Sordar of Umtap, Bah J.Kharsyiemlieh and other elders, while informing this reporter, said that they congratulate and thank the state government for taking this opportunity. the most important jam that the public has been waiting for for decades.
Gunin Changmai, incharge of SAI, STC NEHU was the chief guest and was accompanied by a football coach.
There are 124 schools not yet recognized by the MBoSE, 83 in Shillong and 41 in Tura.
Shillong: The Government has called a tender for the cleaning of the road from Sohkrot to Umdum which is only 3km long.
Rangdajied are fourth with eight points while Shillong Lajong are fourth with four points.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the scene and managed to extinguish the fire before it spread to other nearby shops.
Kambesa A. Sangma played well for Meghalaya by taking three wickets and conceding 32 runs.
The actress, who has been in the film industry for 22 years, has been offered to act in action films but she has never been able to act in them and feels that these films don't appeal to her.
In response to these requests of the HYC regarding the odd and even number of commercial vehicles, the DC promised to issue the order to cancel and regarding the public services of Christians. The DC suggested that they should seek permission before holding the meeting while regarding the fine of vehicles with expired permits, the DC said that he will discuss with the relevant authorities.
Speaking to media, Bah Pathaw said that with the law implemented by the KHADC, the residents have the opportunity to register their land with the Council according to the law and rules. keep.
The churches were also affected.
The troops from the north have restricted the movement of children and women, and the Khasi road workers have been treated with contempt and discrimination.
It depends on how she can perform in the remaining 4 months.
The Non Tribals of the state have been living in harmony with the Khasis, Jaintias and Garos tribes who themselves are highly peace loving by nature.
Recently, FKJGP Mawlai under the leadership of its President Bah Marbud Dkhar together with its members demanded from Sudip Das, Chief Manager of UBI to bring a Branch Manager of UBI to Mawlai Branch after They didn't want to bring him to the state.
To lose clothes to wear or food to eat may be a loss that a person can still bear, but to lose land is a shame and a shame that affects the soul. of a man or woman.
The deceased was identified as Ma Obar Sutnga, 70, who died while undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
Real Madrid beat Villarreal 2-1 to win the La Liga title.
He said that this day is the third anniversary of the National Educational Policy and he thanked the intellectuals, teachers and those in the field of education who have taken this responsibility as a special one and who took his part in the progress.
Many youths from Ri Bhoi together with the Ri Bhoi Police took part in the march. drugs.
He thanked the Central Government and the Tourism Department for selecting Shillong to host the 11th Tourism Mart.
BS Rawat, Deputy Commandant, Assam Regimental Center as the chief guest and other invitees.
The selfishness of a few rulers, the promotion of only a few big businessmen or corporate groups, what we call crony capitalism, has impoverished and destroyed the people. to the world of nature.
At this meeting, the teachers' group unanimously decided to demand from the state government to allow them to sit for the MTET examination so that they can get back their jobs and if the government does not listen to their requests, the group will continue. with strong protests for the rights, she said.
At the same time, Kyrmen said he is still seeking a report from the police on the incident and after receiving the report from the police, it will be known whether it is true or false.
The students marched with slogans and placards.
That will happen until the Third Temple is built in Jerusalem.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the department is awaiting a report from the District Administration on the incident of tear gas firing by the police. teachers what happened yesterday.
Sonia Gandhi's name was proposed by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
All the larger streets of Ïewduh are no longer free from this crowd of market vendors and shopkeepers who spread their goods outside the market.
The implementation of this was announced by Manik Pakyntein at the Dorbar held at Mïnkoi Pïrdi in
Aniket Chettri, on the other hand, played well by tied 42 runs from 22 balls but this did not help the team to escape the defeat.
The people have the right to elect them and at the same time the people cannot be forced to forget the JUBAN-LAK which they made before they were elected by the people.
In the second leg, Knights Utd Mawpst will face Riwar Utd Gunners Malki at 1 pm while Board Presidents XI Malki will face Saw Aiom Laitumkhrah at 2 pm. 15 pm JN Sports Polo.
Some of the Parliamentary Secretaries of the Congress party said that the incumbent prime minister has interfered with all their duties and said that they do not like this action of him, in which even the the branch which was entrusted to them to hold, he also destroyed them from side to side.
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, 236 residents of Kynshi Pyllun area have been affected by the disease and till today there are 51 residents. There are no cases of COVID-19 in the area.
Bah HB Nongsiej said that all over the villages of Mawthadraishan Constituency have informed him that they want to join the UDP. However, after proper arrangements have been made with the UDP Units where these people live.
Now I'm at peace,” said Tongi.
At the same time, he called on the private sector to cooperate with the government in order to improve milk production and also to create jobs for the youth.
SYMPTOMS OF THYROID DISEASE SOME FOODS YOU CAN INCLUDE IN YOUR DIET TO IMPROVE THYROID FUNCTIONS minerals that can strengthens the body and supports thyroid health.
Furthermore, this is better for short news, news that happens in rural and urban areas as well.
Thank you, Chi Thousand.
Nano urea also provides benefits in terms of logistics and storage.
A complaint has been lodged against the suspects and police efforts to arrest the suspects are ongoing.
She has represented Meghalaya in many competitions in the country including the National Games, the Malabar River Festival and the Tawangchu Tides Festival in Arunachal Pradesh.
Led by the Head of the Department, Dr Iadonlang Tynsong and accompanied by several members, the march was held at the Jowai Presbyterian Church, which was built 150 years ago. the Welsh Presbyterian Mission.
The Holy Mass and the consecration of the Lyngdoh Sohblei will begin at 10:00 pm.
In the opening match on Saturday, Nitu beat Manju Rani 5-2 against silver medalist Manju Rani at the 2019 World Championships.
The second prize (T.1 lakh) was won by Tiwfill Shadap, the third prize (T.50,000) was won by Tiwfill Shadap.
The DC of West Jaintia Hills District has approved the rule and on 29th November has ordered the Basin Office to cut down all the 70,000 tree seedlings donated by the MegLIFE project (JICA). was appointed by the residents of Lapangap.
The victim was identified as Simanta Bordoloi (45) of Chandrapur village, Kamrup district of Assam. Shyam Century Ferrous Ltd., Rajabagan, Ri Bhoi District, has been arrested.
Shillong: The Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Khyrim Syiemship, Bah KK Tangsong, on Tuesday said that the Raid Lyngkhat wants the government to complete the construction of a shiah signboard which is 140 meters from the border.
At home, they thought, “Everyone will fall under me”;
Phermiki recently participated in the Meghalaya Games and won two gold medals in Compound and Ranking.
“All the depositors and withdrawals have been recorded and the Income Tax Department will conduct an investigation into those depositors who are suspicious, who deposit money in the accounts of others,” he said. state.
In the second half, Manipur tried to score more goals through Luxmi Devi before the end of the first half in the 90+3 minutes.
The festival was enriched by various songs and dances such as Shad Suk Mynsiem by the Seng Khasi Mawphlang, Shad Pliang by the Sein Raij Jowai, traditional songs by the KJP Synod Ribhoi and KJP Synod Mihngi, Shad Kiew ing by the Seng Khasi Riwar. Mihngi, Shad Thma Seng Khasi Laban, Shad Lahoo by Sein Kyntu 12 Dolloi, Traditional costume performance by KJP Synod West Women, Shad Wait Seng Khasi Darrang, Phawar Khasi by Seng Khasi Nongthymmai and at the opening ceremony a song was performed by KJP Synod Afternoon bad BSI Standing Choir.
On 23rd July, Conrad Sangma had warned AICT Chairperson Mamata Banerjee about her leaders in the state who will leave the party. Many of the leaders of the political parties have joined the TMC. But I will tell you that it is not Conrad Sangma who is saying that, it is the word that comes out in the places. market and you can go and ask, you have many workers who will give you information, many of these leaders who have joined TMC are now planning to leave TMC after the elections.
On the allegation that the MDA 1 and 2 governments under the leadership of the NPP are corrupt, Prestone said, “We are not surprised by these unfounded allegations by the VPP leaders. and the facts or go to the white house or report to the authorities.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the election campaign at Dulong Hall, Jowai, Moonlight said that the government led by Conrad has tried various attempts to overthrow the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). ) which looks after the land and the customs and traditions.
“I am sure that the Ministry of Education will witness great changes in the coming days and years under the wise leadership of this injured Minister of Education,” said the CM. that education is at the forefront of the government, and therefore the government in 2024 has increased the budget for the Ministry of Education from Rs 27 crore to Rs 350 crore .
“The residents tried to extinguish the fire by pouring water and shyiap before the fire brigade reached the scene,” said the police chief.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh expressed his regret over the increase in the number of drug addicts in the State which has reached more than 2 lakh. He urged the players of all teams to encourage themselves to love sports such as Basketball, Karate, Boxing, Cricket because if you live in sports, the temptation to drink will not overcome you.
The farmers received special training on vermicomposting, paddy, soh, poultry farming, biopesticides from the KVK office. .
At the same time, the Sengbhalang of Mawlai said that from time to time they will look after the welfare of the community for the benefit of the people of the village. think about the work in the community in your own way and understanding.
The Rangbah Shnong on this occasion expressed his gratitude to the HYC Mawlai Circle for being quick to come to their village to help through their kind hands.
Before the start of the dance, the Chief Executive Member of the Seng Khasi prayed and thanked the Creator for the human beings and the longkur long jait to grow together in the house of the tyndai in this blood. earth.
Regarding the demands of the Mazdoor Union, which has demanded the release of the arrested members of the Union, who are accused of being involved in the smuggling of Umphniang in the middle of the year. However, the government has not been able to do anything or intervene on this demand, as the case has gone before the Court and all the decisions have to be based on the decision and order of the Court.
He also explained that the government's payment to the companies is for transportation and other expenses which amounts to thousands of crores per annum.
Shillong: Meghalaya is currently in the top position with 10 points from four games after winning three games and Dr T.Ao Gold Cup International Football Tournament
Members of the party came to the State last year to participate in peace talks with the Central and State Governments.
In a statement issued by the Presidents of these organizations, they urged the Dorbar Shnongs of Mawlai all the students of various colleges, drivers and taxi owners unions of Mawlai as well as the drivers unions and Auto Association owners to arrive at 9:30 pm at Lad Motsyiar at the FKJGP office for the meeting on the 16th July, 2013 at 11:00 pm.
Good hygiene is essential for a healthy life because it is only through cleanliness that can help improve the human dignity by being clean inside and outside the home.
After the closure of the factory, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP, sent a statement as a strong warning to foreigners, who intend to infiltrate and commit violence in the state.
Many officials of the central and Mizoram governments will be present.
“We are waiting for the report from the Chief Secretary of the state and Assam on this, so that we can continue the work,” James said.
The top four teams will qualify for the semi finals.
This means that this disease has been spreading since the 17th of March, 2019 and that it has now been more than 6 months or 160 days until the 24th of June, 2020; and within these 6 months or 160 days this Lyer Khlam has spread rapidly from one country to another and this has intimidated all the people on this earth.
Acts 1:3
In his speech, the Chief Guest, Samla Biangbor L.Paliar, recalled that Samla Sabathani Lyngdoh has been involved in many issues of the party since the protest against the Inner Line Permit and especially the suspension of the railway line in Many members of the party will be arrested and imprisoned for up to four months.
However, you must remember that even though women are beautiful and beautiful, you young men should not despise them because we know that women have lost their color. forever, unlike the colors of the flag.
Throughout the day, the KSU leaders, besides taking part in the distribution of resolutions, also donated blankets to all the students of the school. Nongpoh: At a meeting held at Iewmawlong Nongpoh, the office bearers of the NPP Nongpoh Block, have elected the new office bearers of the NPP Nongpoh. Mawlong, who is the President of the NPP Nongpoh Block, has resigned from her post.
The second place team was Shella, which won 14 gold, 12 silver and 8 bronze medals.
Shillong, November 21: The Executive Engineer Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after examining the documents and the report and report of the Inquiry Officer on the charges against Sotish Youroin, Waha Dadar Shella Confederacy, be temporarily dismissed, ended the complaints against him by lifting the temporary dismissal order.
The Seng also sends its condolences to all the relatives of this man and hopes that his soul will rest in peace.
The Apostle Paul, who spoke and spoke, strongly reminded believers “to abstain from fornication” (1 Thess. 4:3).
There have been 47,704 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours and 654 deaths.
Therefore, we keep repeating the same and that is to continue the dialogue in order to reach an understanding.
“Even though we have a little money, we have been able to reach our destination and return home with the gold medals we have won,” she added. family, friends, community groups and others.
Adelbert Nongrum wrote to the ECI on 14-9-2018 that he held the General Council of the party at his residence on 6th July 2018 and misled the ECI by saying that he had no membership in the party except himself.
Shripad Yesso Naik – Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy (AYUSH); and Minister of State in the Ministry of Defense4.
Shillong, November 08: The Government of India has announced to celebrate 25th November as Good Governance Day. Governance Day in the country has caused a stir among the Christian churches especially in Meghalaya which has a large number of Christians.
He said that before the election, they shook hands with each other but after the election, they slept together, not on the same plate.
The filing of nomination papers for the mid-term MDC election from the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency has ended today. which bit is not enough.
HDR, who has been an MDC in previous years, has not been able to contest the MDC election this time but has appointed his own person.
However, the police released them the next day.
The CMYDS Football Tournament 2019 started from 22-24 June.
Regarding the construction of the dome of the Legislative Assembly, the Lamphang said that all the debris from the collapse of the dome has been cleaned and the preparations for the construction are in progress.
Referring to Ricky Shullai, he said that many of his supporters and leading leaders in Mylliem constituency have joined the NPP and have formed an Adhoc Block Committee. NPP leader at the time of Ricky's death.
Para Ri, it is time, therefore, to turn away from the right path, not the wrong path.
At present, the management and division of schools is very diverse from adhoc, deficit system, deficit pattern and the payment varies from one grade to another.
This was announced by the Coordinator of the MSCW, A. Sohtun.
The service was strengthened by the performance of Choirs from Lumshnong Youth Church, Sutnga Youth Church, Moodymmai Wah Youth Church and Thadlaboh Youth Church, Jowai, Malki Youth Church, Shang Youth Church. Youth Prayer and Standing Choir KJP Eastern Synod Youth Prayer.
However, it should also be understood that in this age of technology, it is not easy to track down and arrest thieves because through the Internet it is not difficult to hide from the law enforcement agencies.
Tynsong said that the first and second doses of the vaccine, which will be provided by the central and state governments, are free and free of charge. This includes private and government hospitals.
“The traders have not been able to explain why they are cutting kilos and this shows that it is an insult to the farmers who cannot make their voice heard by the relevant authorities,” he said. added.
These office bearers were confirmed by the President of the Youth Wing Meghalaya, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State in the presence of the President of the party, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA of Mairang constituency. Hundreds of supporters of the party from both the constituencies including Mawthadraishan and Mairang constituencies.
The union also held a meeting on Tuesday at 12 noon to hold a 10 minute silence to express its condolences on the passing away of him.
“Now if the Government feels that it is an urgent matter, we have to complete even this restructuring (of the constituencies) before the new elections.
Is it wrong to strongly condemn such behavior? Even if the law enforcement agencies do not find them, they will not find peace.
Teams from Assam, Nagaland and Bhutan will also participate in the tournament.
Furthermore, it was said that on the part of some of those who did not want to leave the kur, especially the youth of both the kurs, they left the meeting with great sadness, because to leave their brother, The brother, the sister and the mother-in-law feel that it is unacceptable in society.
The incident happened at Amlarie village between Pdengshakap and Muktapur villages.
“If only one language is used throughout India, it will cause great problems to the people,” the Synod said.
On the last day of the Lok Sabha, Shah introduced bills including the Indian Citizenship Protection Bill, 2023, the Indian Citizens' Protection Bill, 2023 and the Indian Sakshya Bill,
The churches are filled with prayers. They are no longer like julong.
“If you have the opportunity, why don't you have only two children, why don't you have 20?” said Rawat.
The Government is hopeful that the dinner to be held by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tomorrow morning will resolve the issue with the support of the opposition parties.
Buromlangki Salahe scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh SC in the 75th minute.
Shillong, Lber, 14: The second dorbarbah of the Kur Pyngrope held on Saturday at Tynring, East Khasi Hills District was held with the participation of parents and youth from all over the country. villages of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Governor was accompanied by former Union Minister of State for Child Development KJ Alphons, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek.
At the meeting, he said that it was decided that the Area Unit should convene another meeting to discuss the issue because in the last meeting there were only 5/6 Primary Schools and they wanted to All the Primary Units shall participate in taking any decision, and before the meeting is called, he (Bah Morning) shall not respond as decided by the Area Unit meeting.
As soon as they had finished drinking, those little brothers left their brother and sister.
Leaders of MADO, including Mogin B. Marak President, Enos G. Momin Vice President, Bah Sakhar Riangtem, Jedick Sangma, former Sordar of Huwapara Village, and other members including women and leaders Speaking to reporters, the residents of these villages who have been forcibly evacuated to Assam, but will not be able to leave at all and will not be able to leave. It doesn't matter if you die in Meghalaya.
They are: a) they should wear masks when they go to the farms.
The DCC President B.Nonglang also welcomed the visit of the Mawthadraishan MDC and his followers at a meeting held at Congress Bhawan in Nongstoin.
This comes after the three opposition parties, the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) decided not to contest the upcoming elections. to be held on the opening day of the Budget Session on 20th October.
Sohmynting Dongnein Football Team won the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy 3rd Division Tournament through a goal from Wanmi Kyndwit.
The presence of these holy and beautiful places is indeed a blessing, which we should also take advantage of in these mountains.
He said that the EM in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah Antonio War, had promised in the House to respond within 10 days. " said Bah Tein.
Informing about this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the issue of Lapangap village will also be brought up in the meeting tomorrow.
DC E Kharmaliki has decided to suspend the public hearing immediately. The opposition parties such as JSU, KSU, FKJGP, HANM, HYC, EJNC, STIEH and others have celebrated the hearing. please cancel this public hearing.
The EIA 2020 is a terrible law that violates the rights of the majority of the people especially us the minorities.
On 27th June 1952, the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council was inaugurated at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw Shillong by the Governor of Assam, Daulatram Jairamdas.
The public hearing is scheduled to be held on the 16th of this month at Mawsynram Indoor Sports Complex, Dongkhlieh Shnong from 11.30 am.
Jowai, Lber 29: Farmers who are also seed collectors at the Community Seed Bank, have come to meet to exchange paramaki seeds. The exchange program was held at Mulum village under Laskein Block of West Jaintia Hills District.
Khliehriat, Nailar 17: The Seiñ Raij Sohkymphor, today concluded the Behdeiñkhlam festival in a grand manner, in the presence of the Minister of State and MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MDCs and thousands of children of the Sohkymphor Raij.
Therefore, to prevent car accidents, first of all, it is necessary to start yourself by being careful in driving, avoid eating and drinking, avoid talking on mobile phones and more. The most important thing is that when you get into a car and intend to drive yourself, your mind must be calm, thinking before you drive until you reach the destination. after this it is possible to redirect one's own intellectual power to the tasks that should be done.
The Scouts Master and Guides Captains who were awarded were Ohiwot Laloo, Saramai Tariang who received the Long Service Award 2021, Hopeful Khongstia who received the Medal of Merit 2021 and Octomewot Lamin who received the Thanks Badge Award , Adiam U Bthuh and Degratia War who received the Best Scouts Master & Best Guides Captain 2021, Damanbha Niang who received the Appreciation Certificate, CD.Laloo and Richard B. Uriah who received the State Teachers Award.
In response to the GNLA's threat, the police had to take action against the members of the GNLA.
About 1.8 billion believe in the Muslim religion revealed through Muhammad.
The Chief Air Marshal of the Air Force, NAK Browne, has urged the families of the victims not to lose hope as the Air Force will continue to provide the best service to search for them until they are found. and she will not rest from this search for salvation.
“We have seen the letter they sent, we have read it all and we have already clarified that these are the rules,” he said. “I don't see anything wrong with the decision taken. by the Government to bring in the officers who are still in service in these three posts".
If you stay all day, development works will be completed because there is no Minister to sign the file.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing referred to Article 2 (b) of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement 17 August 1948, which clearly states that there shall be a court of law. Federation of Khasi States, but as these rights have not been expressed in the Constitution of India, all these rights have been lost and he requested the Committee to take action to look into all these issues.
NEPMU has vowed not to transport IOCL, BPCL and HPCL fuel to Meghalaya on the allegation that the police have harassed and assaulted the drivers and followers of fuel trucks by arresting them and others on suspicion. that they work without righteousness.
On the 12th of July 1996, the sale and purchase of rice started in the market.
They have been sent a letter to leave the village by the 12th of this month and the authorities will arrest them if they do not leave within the stipulated time.
In this verse, the poet says that in the village of Sohra at that time, there was a fighting every day of the Sohra market (between Sohra and Mawsmai). long market and other areas.
According to sources, the position of the Central Government on the issues related to the demand for its own flag and the Constitution can be approved with certain conditions – the Naga flag. for the Pan Naga Cultural Body and to name the final social agreement as the Naga “Yehzabo”.
Bakshi suggested that petrol pumps should be opened for only 4 to 6 hours, so as not to disturb the people.
The violation of human rights, the violation of God's commandments by the slaves of Satan, is difficult to explain.
Speaking at a public meeting of 13 villages held at Iooksi village, Nehimaya Tyngkan, candidate of the Indian National Congress (INC) today, expressed his confidence that he will reach his goal. you can.
Many still believe in superstition and idolatry.
God, from the beginning, has put all things in order.
The objective of the program was to disseminate and explain the method of making biopes ticides to the low income farmers in the area.
From Rangïar (Lad Mawphlang) the road runs east to west through Sohrarim, Maw Ka Bor, Madan Sohum, Siatkwah, Laitryngew, Lum Lyndet Jingieit, Umstew to Riat Mawïew, Nongrim. , Pomsohmen, Shopkeeper, Shop, Saitsohpen to Mawsmai.
This was followed by a tree planting ceremony and a procession from the church to the tree planting site.
The preparation of the project will take two months and after the DPR is completed, the company will submit it to the government for action.
Rabies is a serious disease because there is no cure.
He said that last month, the BDO had told the people who came in need to wait and he would complete their work today.
This includes protecting the mouth and head by covering the mouth with tissues/rumal/tymbuit and breaking these used tissues properly. 5) Listen carefully to your health and If you feel unwell, you should immediately inform the relevant authorities in the state and district through the helpline numbers. install and use the Aarogya Setu App.
For example, there are areas in Block-I and Block-II which border with Meghalaya, but the inhabitants are not Khasi while the areas inhabited by Khasi are elsewhere and not near the border.
Tomorrow, the second day of Mulong, the Dolloi, Langdoh and Waheh Wasan will start the thanksgiving ceremony at the Syiem Aitnar under the expense of the Dolloi.
Dieng Song won a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy while Lad Mawphlang won T.7,000 and a trophy.
Shillong, July 12: The Secretary of the Garo Association, Carlos D Sangma, on Tuesday urged the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, to introduce rules and regulations in accordance with the customs and traditions of the Garo people. On behalf of the Garo residents who live within the boundary of KHADC, I would like to request you (Lat) to include the Village Administration Bill. “The rules and regulations of the Garo and other ethnic groups in the VAB,” Sangma said in a letter submitted to the Governor on Thursday.
The Commission has summoned the DGP of the state to submit his evidence by appearing himself or by sending his officers before the Commission on 14th June at the Commission's hearing. hi.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor today also donated T1 lakh to the FKJGP and said, “As you know, I am not an MLA who steals and with my salary, I have donated in the past. shilak and now I will help shilak and it is not stolen money and I give my own salary”.
However, through the organization of this festival, it has revived the culture and customs.
According to the belief that on this day Thoh Langdoh, within the Raij Jowai, the children of the niamtre are not allowed to do any work which is against the rules of religion, which means that they are not allowed to work. This day is one of the days to show to the world the value and appreciation of the blessings that nature has given to mankind.
Biren Singh, Chief Minister of the state, wrote on Twitter at 12.30 pm that he has found another case in the state.
The area has been declared containment on the 12th of this month following the outbreak of COVID-19 in the area.
“From the beginning we have made it clear that we will go alone to the people in this election and we will not back down from what we have done from day one.
He said the meeting of 46 Least Developed Countries (LDC) was held every 10 years, but the meeting was temporarily suspended since the outbreak of the pandemic. Coronavirus has been reported for 3 years.
This raises many questions for me personally.
Last term, there were 2 women in KHADC and this time there are 2 women and these are Grace and Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong who just won from Umsning. Grace and Rona.
After the inspection and found that the Residential School has turned into a shelter, the union leaders will also meet with the authorities and the relevant authorities, so that the expectations of the parents. to send their own children to school will be achieved.
Now the whole world knows and sees the gathering of the Israelites back to their homeland after God scattered them all over the world since 70 AD including the Second Temple. they have destroyed it, and have not left one stone upon another.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU-JHDU) has opened its new office at Mookjat village in West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
Many people ask “how many people are sent to politics” is it enough to answer that it is the desire for power, wealth and honor!.
The report of the House Committee (HC) of KHADC, which was submitted to the Special Session on Monday, has shown that it is difficult to conclude the investigation as it cannot be held solely against the former Secretary of KHADC, Bah Welljune. Syiemlieh on the four issues she has investigated and said that the case is very difficult as the names of the incumbent CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the EM Antonio War have also been mentioned. This work shall be continued by the dorbar and it is necessary to convene an emergency dorbar.
In a statement, the HNYF alleged that the police have arrested a member of the HNYF for threatening the police but the HNYF has denied the allegation that the police have arrested Bah Syngkon.
The indigenous people of the State are afraid that other high paid ethnic groups will overwhelm our small ethnic groups and our culture or customs.
“If the nation needs to bring about ethnic discrimination, we are ready to bring it if such attacks on our fellow citizens continue,” said Thongni.
In the third match, Friends Sporting beat Umpling FC 5-2 and in the last match of the quarter final, Mawkyrwat Veteran beat Khatar Daloi 2-2
At the same time, he urged the party leaders and workers to work hard and ensure that the party will win the Lok Sabha elections next year.
This was stated by Bah Wellbirth at the launch of the ambulance handed over to the FKJGP Sohra on the occasion of its 10th anniversary at a function held at Pynshadkhurai Square, Sohra.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos Tarwell Chyne, today said that the EC has decided not to approve the construction of the railway line. , to be built from Byrnihat to Ri Bhoi District.
He said that as leaders there should be no partiality to the people, but the duty of the leader is to serve the people and not for the people to serve him. PA Sangma (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) has advised him to remember the three principles in public service and these are to fear the Creator so that he can work righteously for And the people.
Shillong: Out of the 54 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 31 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills today. cases from Oakland Road cluster, 2 cases from Nongmynsong cluster, 4 cases from Barapathar cluster, 2 cases from Mawlai Phudmuri cluster and 4 cases from Malki cluster.
Post Name:- Sub– Engineer (Mech) Grade– I/StoreNo of posts:- 4Department:- Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 2: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Friday sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of MePCL West Khasi Hills Division Nongstoin to complain about the electricity shortage in Mawshynrut Circle. Mawshynrut area, the stinging of line men, the deterioration of electricity posts and the increase in electricity bills.
The opening ceremony was held at Mupyut village in the presence of Kong R.Kynjing Executive Engineer of PHE Electrical Division, residents of Mupyut and Waheh Shnongs from different villages on Tuesday.
“We must not forget that we have put our future at risk because we have destroyed the environment because of their negligence,” he said.
Vehicles entering the Polo Market will not be allowed to turn left at Matri Mandir, but must turn at 4furlong.
Thousands of Indonesians, Singaporeans, Thais, Philippines and Malaysians have joined ISIS militants in parts of the Middle East.
On the 16th they will leave for Mairang to form the zonal committee and on the 21st for Nartiang.
Nongstoin, June 30: A woman identified as Streamilda Syiemlieh from Langja village together with her group, have alleged that the residents of Ktiehthawiar, Khyllemsangrin, Umthlu, Langja, and Mawri have been illegally cultivating, planting, burying, and cultivating without asking permission from the owner of the land.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs said that with the aim of developing this group, work is underway to recruit more soldiers and train them.
In her appreciation for the work done by the Nongrim Hills Dorbar and RR Colony, the Deputy Commissioner said that at present, Nongrim Hills has only 5 cases and RR Colony has only one.
The court, comprising Justice Madan B Lokur, Kurian Joseph and Deepak Gupta, said the patients could not get the treatment they needed due to the high price of medicines.
When asked, Ronnie said, “I am sure that the UDP, HSPDP and PDF want to get a strong government and for that reason they will go and give their support.
Both of these young men expressed their desire to reach glory.
She said that on Tuesday, members of the MSCW including the Member Secretary will visit the residence of the young woman in Ri-Bhoi and after that she will be able to explain in more detail on the decision taken by the MSCW. Commission will be charged.
Many of the people, especially those who cannot read or write, have received the assistance of the Congress members who are already in these areas to help the people at this time of need. Their money has been deposited from the amount of money they have earned in the past years.
Many cannot afford to pay for treatment because it is too expensive.
When Rupang tried to estimate the fare, it was found that the fare for each student is only 6 tyngka per day for those under class 12, and 2 tyngka less for those who are studying. upwards of 20 degrees.
The authorities have also announced that the celebration will be closed in November this year.
The difference between the tit bam and the tit buit is often distinguished by its morphology and colour, but even so, we are still caught.
The order also states that swimming pools, gaming stations and other public places are not allowed to open while restaurants can open but should only be taken home. .
They are not guided by your purpose.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Police have arrested seven members of the KSU Mawlai Mawroh after receiving a complaint from a contractor, Kong Evan Sawian on 1st June.
Or by calling the Control Room at 03652-295229 of the DC Office or by giving information on the cVIGIL app (which can be downloaded from the Play Store or Apple Store) and the relevant authorities will contact you. which is necessary.
Khliehriat, July 30: Members of the East Jaintia National Council, led by the Vice President of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Ency Shadap on Thursday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and Chairman of the National Council. The District Rural Development Agency (DDA) has requested the government to withdraw an issue raised regarding the post of Lower Division Assistant (LDA) in Lumshnong C&RD Block. candidate), on this subject, you have nothing to do with it.
To open the sub stations Umsohpieng and Shahlang, because these substations have been opened by the people of the area, so that the service delivery will be more efficient and easier for the people.
However, Vijay resigned from the post to the Prime Minister yesterday after strong opposition from the civil society.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) will hold another meeting after the opening of the Budget Session to discuss the demand for the establishment of a Govt. College in Ri-Bhoi District.
If the people are involved in money, they cannot take a decision because here in the state the people are still too right and when they take money, they don't change their minds unlike in other states where they don't have that information. perhaps they are quick to change even after they have taken the money.
The residents of the village use the boats to go to work and farm. Even the women and children are good at riding boats.
However, he had to pass through the house of Kongthei Daplin.
Commenting on the incident, Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy said that this is an attempt to provide clean governance to the people of the state in the coming of the new government.
Those who are educated are not smart enough to vote and feel that voting is the responsibility of the people.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, two new cases have been confirmed today while five cases have recovered.
The employees of the MTC have been on strike since July 27 demanding that the government should dismiss Kong Nikhla.
Regarding the performance of Steve and Amit, Zarina said it was a pleasure and pride for them until the judges stood up to encourage and praise them.
After that, when it was time to vote, they had to leave two or three days before the polling day and leave the school and the students without teachers.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has sent a letter to the Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) of East Jaintia Hills District. take action to inspect and investigate the fall of children to attend classes in the water.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in collaboration with the Momentum Routine Immunization Transformation and Equity Project has held a public awareness meeting to resume the Intensified Mission Indradhanush (IMI) 5.0 campaign and to emphasize the need for vaccination. to children who should have been vaccinated to help strengthen their immune system in these difficult times.
We fight against people who are like animals and we do the same.
Rita Hajong LDM EWKH.
One is the seller of sha, the seller of beef and the seller of khapshniuh.
A hundred years ago, Ibahunlang (name changed) from Pynursla said that they have been working in the household since
Robusta is also more resistant to diseases and pests, but it dies more quickly than arabica if there is a lack of water in the soil.
If we fail in this regard, we will not be able to open up employment opportunities for the youth,” he said. , agriculture and food processing play a major role in ensuring that we can provide economic benefits to the people and create needed jobs".
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The National People's Party (NPP) on Thursday strongly criticized the VPP for failing to attend a meeting convened by the government to explain to the political parties the Roster system and its implementations.
The prizes and certificates were distributed by the Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes.
Regarding the railway line in Jaintia Hills, Ma Kyrmen said the government will soon convene a public meeting to seek the opinion of the people of the district on the steps taken by the government in relation to the project. to introduce railway lines within the district.
On these grounds, the SC has suspended the order of the HC to demolish these Coke factories but they should not open or operate while the trial is pending.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Umiam-Mawlyndep road is one of the roads under construction to serve as a road for passenger vehicles to avoid traffic jam in Shillong.
A.Kharkongor said that if the government holds this election, the village will not ban but the village has no responsibility and will not participate.
During the meeting with the Governor, one woman said that the father is the head of the family but the mother is the heart of the family.
On this basis, the relationship between parents and children, although the children receive the love and care of the parents, but in relation to the rapid growth of crime in this city. and in the villages: the following questions arise in the room:-From the friendship, the pocket money, the walking and the way of life of the children – The mother can know that her child Does the mother know that her son has become addicted to alcohol from the smell of the bedroom and the smell of the clothes? parents know that their child has many friends and has a job to do to do good or evil.
“Let us put these things in our books.
This dance is also part of the preservation of the traditional dance and the rituals which he taught in the past to thank the Lei Raid for their protection and to take care of the villagers. Raid Mawlam, Raid Mawlam, and especially that God will bless you in all aspects, said the statement through Bah P.Buhtep Secretary Raid Mawlam.
Every old man, even if he has shaved his head or his hair, and who has a son, a daughter, or a son, shall be a khatar-bor.
At the same time, he urged and encouraged the supporters of the party that when elected as leaders, they should do their job properly with love, dedication and the spirit of cooperation and cooperation in all aspects so that victory will come in the coming year.
He said that India used to export medicines worth Rs 90145 crore to the world, but now it exports medicines worth Rs 183000 crore.
He said the Government has sent thousands of security personnel to Manipur just to be spectators of the drama and have not done anything to stop the bloodshed.
The PWD (Rds) and the Deputy Commissioner WJHD have complained many times about the destruction of the Myntdu River. punishment for this crime and for the crime of Myntdu as a whole.
Almost all the words mentioned have a figurative meaning in relation to any preceding or following word.
Langsning have 12 points to top the table.
The tests and treatment on this day will be in accordance with the recommendations approved by the WHO regarding the authorities for various diseases.
The land is the responsibility of the State Government and the cost of purchase of land is managed by the State Government in accordance with the existing Acts and Rules.
The competition has been going on since last month when Gokhale protested against the government's corruption in all aspects from the irregularities in the Smart City Scheme, the corruption in MeECL, and others. .
Police said that Tainingstar Jyrwa was admitted to Behanty Hospital on 30th October 2020, as he was a drug addict. It has nothing to do with Covid
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah HDR Lyngdoh, has admitted that the protest to overthrow the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has nothing to do with it.
Then, early in the morning, he got up and began to walk back when he was caught.
Vidarbha played well today and beat Meghalaya well in the first half, with two players scoring more than 100 runs (century).
The government report shows that these PWDs who have benefited from the 100 days scheme are among the 323,006 PWDs who have received certificates from the government in the state.
Explaining about the environmental protection measures, Dr. Darlong said that school children in other countries take action in their daily lives for the sake of the environment and its surroundings. He also appealed to the students of Khliehtyrshi School to strive to become responsible people for the present and future of the environment.
“The political parties should support the recognition of the Khasi language which is not already on the list.
Shillong: The Nohkawang Water Fall, Satpator, Trangblang Village, was inaugurated today.
He said that the union has given the government until November to implement its promise and if it does not keep its promise, they will hold a stronger protest.
Other speakers at the meeting included Sandonbor Ryntathiang, President of the HSPDP Youth Wing, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, President of the Women's Wing of the HSPDP and others.
This happened on the 21st at about 6 pm.
Speaking to media after filing her nomination papers, Grace, who will contest from the Congress, said, “I will win happily, I have served the people of my constituency for 40 years with good service. They have elected me twice and this time too the people will elect me again.
Natural Environment means the natural environment including the soil, shyiap, trees and others that are in nature, and its surroundings that the Creator has placed and created.
Shillong, November 9: 2000 lanterns will be illuminated in Shillong on the evening of the 19th of this month at the Polo 2nd Ground.
However, as no one has followed up on this issue, it has been resolved.
To strengthen the electricity distribution system, the government has implemented schemes in all the states with a budget of more than T.2 lakh crore.
You have the power to change things.
Jowai, Nailar 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma together with the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar today attended the 8th Annual General Meeting of the All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers. The meeting was held today at Madan Kawang, Ummulong.
In the first half, the referees had to suspend the match temporarily due to the heavy rain which made it impossible to see the ball and the players stood farther away from the ball. referee.
Lajong will now return home after losing all three away games and will prepare to face Minerva Punjab on 23rd November in Shillong.
“If we send the Congress, it has fought a lost battle.
The tournament was inaugurated by RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew as the chief guest in the presence of Sylvester Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong, Michael Kharhunai Secretary, Anthony Suchiang, President of the Youth Wing. Ronald Rani, Organizing Secretary and other dignitaries of Nongpoh.
Speaking to reporters at the Iewduh, on Tuesday, 3rd November 2023, they said that the price of all jhur has increased including Soh saw, Salad. , Dhonñia, Tyrso and other varieties of jhur have increased in price and not only the jhur from here has increased in price, but the jhur from abroad has also increased in price.
In a statement, Bah S.Sari Joint Secretary of the Seng Samla Sengkhihlang has informed the Executive Members of the Seng Samla Khihlang in the country that 30 Syiems and 12 Doloi are welcome to attend the meeting.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah AL Hek said that the clean and transparent working of the BJP has attracted other MLAs to join the party.
The Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu, Ma Abul Phawa on 30th June inaugurated the Wanlang Phawa's Stone Crushers.
It is also the first time that the Institutions of Engineers of Meghalaya, which is part of the Union of Engineers of India, has been established. , under the leadership of Bah Makerson Mawlieh Executive Engineer MECL Shillong, of the Union, held a tree planting day at Mawlieh.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Mawlai KSU, FKJGP and HNYF on Thursday morning, did not receive the information they wanted to seek from the construction of the plastic slab at Madan Heh.
He also criticized the Government for taking so long to resolve the issue.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya has announced that all government offices and schools within the boundary of Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala Constituencies will be closed on 30th April ensure that the voting for the mid-term elections to the Legislative Assembly to elect the leaders will go smoothly without any interruption.
Shillong, Lber 25: East Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills won their respective matches of the U-23 Women's Inter District Cricket Tournament on Thursday.
Shillong: The body of Mahesh Rai, 25, was found near his residence in Pynthorbah Block IV on Tuesday morning.
He said that this is the first time that he will lead the new team of seven members and they will leave the state tomorrow, Thursday 19th July 2024 while two of them are already in Bangalore.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EJH: 4, EKH: 88, NGH: 2, RBD: 7, SGH: 5, SWGH: 6, WGH: 18, WJH: 10 and WKH: .
These include EGH: 07, EJH: 04, EKH: 227, NGH: 02, RBD: 46, SGH: 00, SWGH: 03, SWKH: 23, WGH: 18, WJH: 34 and WKH:
Shillong, Nailar 16: U BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that the BJP will lead the government after the elections.
However, besides the lack of tax collection, they said that the government does not have a policy to protect the indigenous traders who transport goods in the state where the indigenous people do not benefit from the transportation. These oil companies employ trucks from Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir and other states to transport their goods.
It was explained that only the number 6 can work in the implementation of these three codes, the Barcode, the RQ Code and the Bio Microchip. powerful computers, in which it was explained that this type of calculation was discovered by a scientist named George Joseph Laurer in The scientist's name is 666 characters.
Sharaid Nongbri was born in Laitumkhrah, Shillong in 1945 and joined the army on 26th July
First of all, you need to know exactly what the District Council is.
Speaking to witnesses, they said that at first they started falling with small stones but while they were trying to walk, suddenly the large stones did not happen. any tragic event.
He is the coach who led Mawlai Sports Club to the Shillong Premier League title last season.
Speaking to media, Prof Badaplin said that the Khasi words and spelling can be enriched and used. characters and pronunciation in the correct and orderly manner.
These children are 9 years old, 15 years old and 6 months old.
According to the government, the problems faced by the ASHA workers in the past years such as delay in payments and lack of funds have also been resolved.
Shillong, June 04: Simsang Sharks beat Symper Panthers by 51 runs in the Senior Men Challengers Cup sponsored by Arbin Singh for six wickets. The match will be played on Monday at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 27: At present, the price of agricultural products produced by the villagers has caused the farmers to face problems in many ways.
Guwahati: The Rights and Risks Analysis Group (RRAG) has urged the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern Region to talk to Defense Minister US Jaishankar about the immediate talks with Bangladesh. , on the eviction of 7,000 Garo and 10,000 Mro.
The JYF said that this award is a sign of congratulations and best wishes to Damewanhi on his intention to contest the MLA Election
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Mawïong said that during the meeting with the DC today, the DC promised to the Dorbar Shnong to auction the coal within 1 month and the Dorbar Shnong will also monitor the matter. and this work.
He said that if the religious stones and famous places in the Khasi Hills disappear, without doubt even the nation will disappear from this face of the earth.
More than 1.47 lakh mobile connections failed to complete the re-verification process and were removed by the TSPs in the area.
It is understandable that the ruling party will try to hide and trap its shortcomings, but will this affect the voters? Maybe.
Police said that they are conducting investigation into the incident.
Even if the MDA-2 government doesn't do anything, the people will not support it.
At that meeting, it was agreed to keep the peace.
Jowai: The 17th Youth Service of the KJP Synod Mihngi will start on Thursday at Wapungskur Church, East Jaintia Hills. .
“Why should we the people have to go to the house, we don't have to come out, when we have elected 30 MDCs and 36 MLAs who receive a high monthly salary, get office, car, many offices.
Shillong, July 05: Police in West Garo Hills on Saturday arrested a GNLA member and four aides.
The order, issued by the Ministry of Human Resource Development in March, has directed all schools in the states of India to allow Furthermore, schools should not offer subjects other than Mathematics and Language for Class I & II. EVS and Mathematics for Class III & IV, as directed by NCERT. Students should not be allowed to carry more than one item inside the school just to carry their bags and Class I-II children, weight should not exceed 1.5 kg, Class III & IV 2-3 kg, Class VI – VII 4 kg, Class VIII to Class IX 4.5 kg and Class X 5 kg.
On the final day, 11 bands from all over the state were selected to showcase their talents but also to become the winners. Meghalaya Icon – V. The Meghalaya Icon is part of the efforts to disseminate information to the public about HIV and AIDS and how to prevent it.
Malki thought it was a foul but the referee didn't put it in and Knerktilang scored easily.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in the presence of Prestone Tynsong, Symbud, inaugurated the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya at the State Central Library. Prime Minister Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Justice, Rebecca V Suchiang, Chief Secretary, FR Kharkongor, Secretary of the Department of Justice including lyndan, barristers, poets and members of civil society organizations.
There are also stone paths and bridges and others.
The union said that the bridge has been warned by the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District and Section 144 CRPc has been implemented to ban trucks carrying more than 9 metric tonnes.
There are 128 cases in East Khasi Hills, 12 in West Garo Hills, 2 in Ri Bhoi and 1 in West Jaintia Hills.
He said that they will leave the state on Sunday along with other players from the state.
“It is not a political meeting, we respect religious leaders as you know, we respect all churches, and it is an opportunity for us to have a face-to-face discussion,” Kohli said. Thank you for your presence despite the short invitation"
The match tomorrow will be between West Madan Mustem and Pynthorlangteiñ.
Bah Leo Laloo, and others protested against the MDC status, especially the foreigners in the Khasi Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
This was announced by the leaders of the party from Secretary D.Ryngkhlem and Vice President L.Pyrtuh in an interview with the media in Jowai yesterday. They have received information that in the past few years, there are farmers who have slaughtered cows that have died for a while. They have brought it back to Jowai after two days at a low price, and asked how the price of tyrkhong has reached 400/- tyngka per kilo, while the price of im in the market has reached 550/-. - tyngka?On the other hand, Mr. D.Ryngkhlem said that this project has started since 2019 when the export of cows and muid to Bangladesh is very high.
He also guides us to become successful in the work we do and to finish it exactly as we started without listening or allowing the problems to stop us but to we must take the example of the teaching and character that we have seen and witnessed from the tree which can withstand the four seasons, which can withstand the wind, which can withstand the rain and the cold, which can withstand the cold. It endures the heat and cold while it grows its own bones inside to strengthen its roots.
Everyone uses mobile phones from the young to the old, the poor to the rich.
Sadly, the plight of pregnant women and those who live far from the Sub Centre, Primary Health Center (PHC) or Community Health Center (CHC) is the problem.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Council intends to hold the second edition of the Monolith Festival at Mawphlang in June this year. “It's a good idea to hold the Monolith again this year and soon we will visit the traditional village at Mawphlang,” said Pynshngain N Syiem.
I don't want to talk about jali-ja-um, I don't want to eat.
The Chief Minister of Tripura, Dr. Manik Saha on Tuesday announced that the Agartala Government Dental College at IGM Hospital will start operations from the academic year. current.
At this meeting, Bah Kharbuddon explained that all the muster roll or mystery workers who have registered their names with the eshram through the Labor Department and who have Adhaar card and Pan card, They can receive assistance if they are involved in any injury or accident while working under government schemes such as contracting under the MNREGS scheme and others.
Shida Siangshai, Member Secretary, Health and Sanitation Committee welcomed all the participants.
“The decisions taken in the Assemblies of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi-Jaintia in the years 1923 and 1925 were important.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Dr. Mukul said the government has spoken not only to these two parties, but to all the political parties in the state to come forward. They are invited to come to peace talks with the Government and to receive the benefits that the Government will provide to them including the opportunity to earn their own living and association.
The powerful support of the British government and the Christian Church at that time increased and developed the Christian brotherhood and increased the number of those who remained in their roots.
The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Massar expresses its gratitude to the Sordar for receiving the full certificate for the smooth running of the Khadar administration and sends a statement of congratulations to the Pa'iem of the Hima. Khyrim, Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, may he become stronger in body and mind and grow in his rule as a king and mother.
Thank you to Rupang, I would like to suggest how those people who have been arrested in Krem dewiong in Ksan, have not signed shisha for more than 10 months.
It will be a different game.
However, to exceed this is impossible, because it will destroy the mountains and rivers, destroy the forests, increase the traffic, including the influx of foreigners from all over the world.
Two NHAI vehicles collided with a truck number ML-04 at 7 pm last night. Three employees of NHAI were seriously injured and two of them died due to serious injuries.
"I wanted to do it in a more surprising way and so, when I decided to propose her love to Heidi, I got the idea, through the beautiful drawings that will be drawn by Simon," Cahill said.
The training was held at the College of Agriculture, Kyrdemkulai, Ri Bhoi District.
In the U-16 (Boys) football category, He Mont' Zenith Secondary School, Mylliem won the title by defeating Pomlum Hr.Secondary School, Baniun.
Deibormi Toi as President and Rtn.
The candidate from Shella constituency, Bah Bantyngshaiñ Rynga, has expressed his confidence in the party leaders from Shella constituency to continue to work hard to achieve the goal.
The new Education Policy has been developed to identify talented children to provide them with a quality education and the state government will also provide support and cooperation for its success.
By the end of the match, the Indian Super League team from Kolkata had failed to score and suffered their first defeat in the tournament.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya government has agreed to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Assam government. The village leaders of Maikhuli, which is one of the villages where the people are strongly opposed to the demarcation of the boundary, as many land has been transferred to Assam, have decided to appeal to the Supreme Court. the highest court in the country to give them a fair trial.
These Warders belong to the first batch to receive training including foot drill, arms drill, shooting training and classroom training in Law Enforcement, Prison Management Act, Prison Management Act, human rights and others.
The seven-day shooting tournament which started from 4th to 8th March 2021, was attended by participants from Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagal. Suloi is on the side of the services.
The emergence of political parties is like the emergence of almuri.
This program was conducted as part of the training of unemployed youth to learn how to weave so that they can earn a living from this industry and also to preserve the weaving tradition. of the old bajah.
They were allowed to travel only at night and in the morning these coal trucks had to park on the main road and there was a frequent traffic jam especially at night.
After answering their question, to keep myself safe, I videotaped our conversation with my mobile phone.
Speaking to reporters after the CEC meeting, FKJGP President Wellbirth Rani said that there are about 40 lakh people who have been displaced in Assam and this has put the state at risk.
The purpose of this group is based on the theme, “Teach Her to Do Good,” based on Isaiah 1:1
58,293 × 1000 = Rs 5,83,29,300/- However, the surprising thing is that the EM incharge said that the fine they received from the 1 Sept 2018 to 29 February 2020 is only Rs.4,83,0
“We have said yes to the PHE but we have sent the work so that we can start the work,” he said.
In an exclusive interview with Rupang, he said, “We don't know about the Mylliem Hima, we don't know whether you are right or wrong, but we as the children of thousands know that The Syiem is the head of the Hima Mylliem, you cannot say that the gift of the Syiem is wrong, Syiem Francis in the past gave a burial ground in what form they say now that the Syiem (Latho) can not give" you're right, Lenus.
Expressing that the Congress party itself believes in unity, she said, “We believe in the unity of each state in the country.
These candidates include incumbent MDCs Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Sohryngkham, Jansing Tynsong from Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh and others who have filed their nomination papers in East Khasi Hills District.
It was also in this year that the Bilat troops began to rule the Garo Hills.
The main objective of the BJP party since its inception is to bring about Hinduism in Hindustan.
“We are offering assistance for the holding of the Baby League in Laitkor to promote football in Meghalaya,” said Lt Gen Sangwan.
There has been an outbreak in Kenya, in which hundreds of school children have suffered from paralysis or possibly death.
“This initiative shows that you have become like those mothers of all the children who come to stay in your creche,” said the President of the organization.
St. Anne's SS Mawpat beat Urmasi SS 7-0 with goals from Robert Khongjoh in the 19th, 38th and 48th minutes, Balawan Thangkhiew in the 21st and 40th minutes. Suting added in the 42nd minute and Bankyrshan Kharumnuid in the 53rd minute.
However, the intention of the French cannot divide the Jaitbynriew because we have a strong and well-founded kur census because the French cannot separate the kur relationship between the Chalam of Pnar, the Shabong of Khynriam and the Mukhim of War. The Laloo of Pnar, the Lamin of War and the Diengdoh of Khynriam are still shikur, many other Kurs from all over the Bri U Hynniewtrep are still shikur.
Without any training, she used to walk alone in life as a cyclist and used to ride only with her friends and every morning she ran about 5-10 kilometers and cycled every morning. and in the evening about two hours.
It is surprising that the government has not taken this figure, because the Order of the Meghalaya High Court, dated 05.04.2022, which directed to draw up the roster, has also referred to this case. above, “R.K.Sabharwal Vs.
And after the earthquake a fire, and after the fire a great noise.
We look forward to the best on the 13th,” said Bah Ryntathiang.
“By releasing other payments that the government has to pay, the expenditure will reach T.10,103 crore,” he said.
Shillong: The road from Mawkarah to Jakhong has been suspended due to the absence of a contractor.
In the age of greed, it is only to get the pleasures of this world, but in the end, when it is impossible to avoid, to satisfy the soul, it begins to work. shu steal and when it is stolen, the knowledge is lost and damned until there is no more fear for the man of God to take or destroy even the soul of man.
In addition to the maintenance of trees and shrubs, the cleanliness of the surroundings is very important.
He urged the leaders of the people of the area especially the two MLAs from Kyrmen Shylla and Santa Mary Shylla to have a responsibility for the people and not to be bought by these people. Dkhar Company.
The meeting was conducted by BJP West Khasi Hills Leader Spastarlin Nongrem and was attended by BJP National Council Member David Kharsati, Mewanker. Lyngdoh Jyndiang, former MLA Nongstoiñ, along with other prominent members of the BJP Youth Wing, Dr. Evrist Myrsing, Secretary Dr. More than 50 elders from border villages including Khasi and Garo villages.
She said that the child was involved with other hackers who sent him to demand money and steal money in various ways.
Anyone who has information about the deceased can contact the East Jaintia Hills Police.
The Minister said that child marriage is one of the reasons for the increase in part-time school dropouts in the state which has affected a lot especially to be another cause of poverty.
Although it is a small country, it has made great strides in science and technology.
The decision was announced by Maria Jose Alcala, President of the National Olympic Committee (COM).
When he started building the house, he bought it for about T13,000/-.
You don't have to go to the office.
He said that the entire Indian Union was run from Delhi without the relocation of any city.
Regarding the construction of the road from the PWD road through Mynsain Forest Road at LHS to near the residence of Deb Das Chakraborty at Lumparing, Shillong, up to T.1 crore has been allocated.
A total of 125 participants including students, teachers and others participated in the competition.
“We were very excited to get this butcher shop.
Shortly after, Agarwal said he intended to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the illegal imprisonment of Bah Thabah.
These two foundation stones were inaugurated by the Prime Minister together with Bah Hamlet Dohling at a function held at the San Shnong SS School, Umlyngka-Nongkseh in the presence of PHE officers, village leaders from these are the areas and the spirit of the people.
In the evening, there will be a concert by Kids Tarari, Khmih Creative Society, Thunders Cave and Snow White.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 2: The FKJGP Maweit Circle under the leadership of Bah Anthony Umiong President and Bah Endrius Ryntong Secretary together with its members, today donated clothes and food items to the FKJGP Maweit Circle. The family of Bah Serbius Nongkhar and Kong Tildaris Nongsiang, West Khasi Hills, who were escaped when a fire broke out in their house on the night of the 29th of this month at 8:30 pm. in the village of Umïang.
He said that the entrance fee for the Open To All will be T.1000 and the deadline for receipt of applications will be on or before the 31st of this month.
There are allegations that MeECL has brought in companies to collect electricity bills without going through an open tender.
The state has two and a half years to work on the construction of the buildings and if all the works cannot start in or before July this year, the problem may come to light in the preparation of the National 2022 Games.
The deceased include Edwin Syrti of HANM and John Khongsit who died recently while Minal Majaw died at the hospital on the morning of the 12th.
The order also prohibits the transportation of pigs from outside the State and outside the District.
The Center will have a library, prayer area, hall, computer room, public accommodation and a place for Presbyterian Church officials holding various positions.
They are filled with decorations and colors.
“We have received information that the brother of Phermeki has filed an FIR against the Foundation in connection with this post on 12th June,
Shillong Lajong, who have lost both their home games this season, will face Gokulam Kerala FC at the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) Polo Ground at 2 pm.
Earlier, Bah Mawsor said that in other states in the region, the salary of SSA teachers has been very high and he gave an example like in Sikkim they get T. 40,000 SSA LP and T.48,000 UP teachers, in Arunachal Pradesh T.21,000 LP, T.26,000 UP, Manipur T.29 LP, T.31 UP, Mizoram T.20 LP, T. UP, Assam T.24 LP, T.26 UP, Tripura T.19 LP, T.23 UP. While Meghalaya receives only T.9,000 LP and T.9,000 UP. The government should look after the teachers by increasing their salaries like other states.
There was a time when the Syiem was present in the Conference Hall.
“If he (Eugenson) comes, it is up to him but on my part, I don't want and I don't have any intention to invite him to campaign,” said Bah Sun.
Earlier, the market dwellers under the banner of JTTA, held a meeting at Iaw-thymme where they decided to go to the JHADC office. The CEM said that after receiving a letter from the JTTA in a few months, his office has taken it to the Executive Committee where the EC has decided to increase the price. which has already been decided.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle under the leadership of Samla Robertgil Kharsewsaw Education Secretary, has met with the school authorities of Sib Sing Memorial Government Higher Secondary School, to discuss the absence of a teacher. The Seng has demanded from the Government and the Director of Education, to appoint a full time Mathematics teacher at this school for the students in class IX and X. by one teacher, so that it will not be a loss to the students of the school.
There are 15,166 health workers who have completed the second round.
The newly elected office bearers include the President, Bah GRL Marshillong, the General Secretary, Bah Dajied Wahlang, the Assistant General Secretary, Bah Dancing Warjri.
The incident happened at 4 pm this morning at Mawtnum village on the National Highway-40, when the driver of the vehicle number AS-01Y-4 that he should go and break the law and die from this world.
The IEC Van will visit 49 villages in Thadlaskein Block to disseminate about government schemes.
She said that this is according to the analysis report of the Assistant Food Analyst of the State Government according to the Report No.SFTL/FW/2023-24/283-312 dated 6th July, which said that the injection of formalin was it is a powerful poison and has a serious impact on health.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Dorbar Synrai of the State will start on the 9th November 2022 at 10 am.
I am afraid that people think about politics.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the police chief, who did not want to be named, said, “We have confirmed that this person has done this because he has already revealed everything and he is the one who led the scene. that he had hidden the date of his birth.
SBSP leader Om Prakash Rajbhar said the four prime ministers will take turns, with a Muslim for one year, followed by Chauhan, Kushwaha, Rajbhar and Patel.
He said he believes that the Meghalaya police are capable and it is because of the good work of the police that the insurgency activities of the HNLC and ANVC in Meghalaya have been curbed.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: The District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District has convened a special meeting with all the candidates for the 2023 election. candidate from Ri Bhoi including Polling Agents for the purpose of arranging for the smooth running of the election on the 27th June 2023 in the state.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, Jowai, B.Blah, in her speech, informed that the competition is part of the commemoration of the International Water Conclave 2024 and will also be part of the training. about the importance of water.
Their shock defeats to newcomers Real Kashmir and weaker teams like Indian Arrows have discouraged them.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday demanded punishment against the Executive Engineer of NEHU, Jose Cherian, who has been accused by the CBI of violating the rules of the tender.
We need to see those who work hard and don't hesitate to work,” said Bah Ardent.
“Those among those who have experienced hatred and enmity know clearly that those who win the struggle are those who value and choose love over hatred and enmity.
Therefore, they demanded that the KHADC should issue an Executive Order to allow those Bhoi children who are Khasi or ring bia to have the right to become Khasi or to become Khasi. Tribe Schedule.
It is through the struggle of this group of intellectuals, intellectuals and intellectuals of the country that this demand is still alive today.
Roshan Dkhar scored 40 runs and took two wickets while Heipormi Lyngdoh took two wickets.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today left for Delhi to meet the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, the Minister of Home Affairs. Hek's visit to Delhi was to request the Central Government to call for peace talks with the Ri Khasi rebels. Jaintia, or the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Cross the floor- Ryngkoh Pynkheiñakor which goes beyond the boundaries of the Legislative Assembly as a ryngkoh to violate against human dignity in the legislative assembly in society.
Then came the writing of a seasoned politician who could not imagine criticizing “if you see a bseiñ and a kharBang, release the bseiñ and shoot the kharBang”. “If the forest workers come to give a letter banning the mining of stone and shyiap, tell them to bring an ambulance because I will shake the hands of the forest workers. that you have a tyrnem shot me"
Dhar said the NPP is the only party that is united.
Bobinchal Wanniang of St Peter's HSS won the title of Best Athlete in Under 14 Boys, Phibapynsuk K.Jana of Anderson HSS won the title of Best Athlete in Under 14 Boys. Tresha Nongbri of Sib Singh HSS won the Under 16 Girls category while Shaipharlin Nongsiej of St Peter's HSS won the Under 18 Boys category. St Peter's HSS won the Best Team title for boys and girls. Out of the 19 teams of schools who participated in the March Pass, the winner was He went to Jawahar Navodaya School.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday sent a letter on the bail application of Aam Aadmi Party MP Sanjay Singh, who is accused of misappropriation of wealth resulting from suspension of employment. under the Excise Department in Delhi.
He said 'that the service we will give to others is a great prayer' and explained the meaning of SURE which has four letters and the last letter E means Empowerment and that is to give a share. and to others, that they also may rise up.
No longer isis will be in this world , I’ll be there for chirstian Catholic love,We never fight against them we just wait When the 3 days of darkness will come.
According to witnesses, the contractor who built this road has thrown stones along the road with the intention of cleaning the road, but because of the throwing of the road, it has caused a lot of trouble to the people. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to drive a motorcycle.
He said that due to the strict rules of the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rule, 2016, private individuals as well as those who apply for quarry permits have faced similar problems because the relevant authorities have not recognize the land titles issued by the Village Authorities, or the Dorbar Kur, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima to witness the ownership of the land. the Registered Deed before the Sub-Register which is also very expensive.
When inquiring about the T.133 crore allocation by the Central Government to the District Council, Rupang learned from sources that the T.133 crore allocation has now reached the hands of the State Government. It is learned that the state government wants to make the KHADC suffer and will withhold the money for a while. He said that he does not believe that the Council will consider this issue and it can consider it after the mid-term MP elections in Lum Garo.
However, the meter is based on current and not voltage.
People have also been appointed to ensure that no one violates this law especially at night.
At the same time, the UDP leader admitted that the UDA led by the UDP will not be able to form an executive committee because it has many MDCs with the support of those who did not appear at that time. .
The incident happened after the announcement of the votes, which has left the people in shock, alleging that there has been fraud.
It is learned that the drugs were hidden in the engine of the truck, but after a thorough search, the police found the drugs wrapped in plastic from the truck.
On this occasion, prominent musicians and singers from Meghalaya performed various sports, traditional dances of Khasi, Garo Banggali, Lyngngam, music. from different groups and others.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary, Rangbah Dong and others. Hundreds of families came to receive the borti.
In a statement, he alleged that the Meghalaya government has ignored the request of the HNLC to reach a peace talks between the HNLC and the Meghalaya government.
All interested persons are invited to attend the said Public Hearing to express their claims/objections/suggestions, if any, on the proposed project of the Government.
The opening ceremony of the Major League Cricket T20 will start on the 13th of November and will end on the 30th of November.
General Secretary DS Dhar, Treasurer Nila Dhar, Shillong Kur President Stevenson Nongdhar and others also presented the report.
According to one of the soldiers (Kunal Minj), after the soldiers had finished eating their lunch, due to the heat of the day, they got fever. , pray, and pray.
Today, Hamas fired 630 rockets at Israel, of which 150 missed the border and 200 were shot down by Israeli rockets.
Later on, the police went back to a car parts shop of Suresh Kumar Mena and upon arrival at the shop, they opened fire on the head of the foreigner. Suresh's shop was frightened and after he managed to escape he looked from a distance and saw that they had closed his shop and later they opened it again. They robbed his shop of mobile phones while the coolants were taken to throw on the ground.
Conrad's victory showed that the people of Garo Hills still love and remember Purno A Sangma who passed away recently.
The length of the white stick depends on the user's preference.
“The CEM has been in a state of shock and has gone astray by making unfounded allegations, the people should not be misled by this group which we can say is the Pynshngain Democratic Party. Front,” said Ardent while talking to reporters.
When asked, Bah Kharkrang said, “It is not a pleasure to select candidates, but we have to see if we have enough candidates.
Rakesh said that these villages have not yet been cleared of roads and people have to walk for three to three hours from Kongthong to reach these villages.
Speaking to reporters, UN Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria, Matthias Schmale, sent his condolences to the families of the victims. affected by the incident.
He said that it is necessary to find ways and means to do good deeds in the community, whether it is a day job or others that can leave a memorable reputation between the Rotary Club Jowai and the Rotary Club. Mahnagar-Sylhet is the country of Bangladesh.
He said that with the establishment of the Advisory Board, it has the power to ensure that those involved in drug trafficking and arrest, cannot violate the existing laws, and cannot also to extend their imprisonment from 3 months to 2 years.
The writer asked whether the state government has already handed over the bill to the NGT and he replied that they have already done it, but it is not enough, because they have not done it. good homework.
He said it is responsible for the delivery of more than two billion doses of vaccines, and the provision at any time of certificates valid in any part of the world.
The Manipur Assembly on Friday passed a resolution requesting the CM to lift the suspension of operations with Kuki-Zo armed groups in the state.
The contractors, accompanied by police, were taken to Tura market area near Sadar Police Station to wait for vehicles to take them back to the village from which they came.
The polling in Telangana was held on 11th June for the first phase of the Lok Sabha elections.
The election campaign in Umsning Constituency has started to slow down, and perhaps there will be many party entries in the coming days.
The conductor of the examination, Col Omkar Singh and Debashish Chowdhury, ODS of the college who were present on the occasion to listen to the questions of the principals of the colleges affiliated to NEHU. NEP-2020 will be implemented, from the syllabus, academic banks, skill enhancement and others.
Hearing the PIL, the Court of two judges, Chief Justice (Acting) HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh, said that the State Government has already submitted the reports and steps, but it is the man of congestion the city remains the same.
“You are holding a special session only for the benefit of politicians, not for the life and death of the people,” said Bah Adelbert, MDC from Jaiaw.
The CEM said that the State itself is to enact laws to protect the people and to formulate proper policies, but unfortunately till now nothing has been done. Those laws that are sufficient to protect the nation, the availability of natural resources in this state of ours, are the property of the people but in other states of India the natural resources are the property. of government.
Explaining about the illegal construction of the road by Assam in Bakhlapara, Bah Petrick Syiemiong said that as soon as he learned about the illegal construction of the road by Assam, he informed the Patharkhmah Police Station and the Police Station. Ranibari ADC, to urge them to take action against the illegal construction of Assam road in this area.
Opposing the Bill, the Nongkrem MLA who is the Chairman of the State Planning Board said that the Bill is CAB and CAB means a taxi from Iewduh to Nongthymmai. However, the CAB will not affect the people of Bangladesh.
The BDO & Nodal Officer Amlarem EFC Amlarem C&RD Block in his opening remarks said that the CMC will house the products produced by the neighboring villages so that they can run the market at a reasonable price.
Therefore, the Seng has met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to appoint another doctor for the PHC. Prestone Tynsong, MLA of this constituency, has decided to turn to this constituency, as this constituency falls under the border areas and has many problems in which the roads have been lost. on the movement of trucks to trade in coal, on the difficulties faced by children on the application of Adhar cards of banks for children who want to open accounts for scholarships and on the lack of mobile networks for online reading.
These people were arrested from Barapathar, Johalupara.
Thus, according to the book of Esther, we see the hand of God and His plan to protect the Jewish people who are outside their country and who have been enslaved around the world. kito that time.
It is written that the implementation of this number will come in the form of various infrastructure activities , and with the use of this number there will be no need to check documents or other proofs, only this it's enough.
Nongpoh, July 19: The Ri Bhoi People Movement (RBPM) today held a meeting to discuss the issue of corruption and corruption in the appointment of government offices in the state. , as one of the political parties in the district, has demanded that the government should conduct a clean and transparent process especially in the announcement of job vacancies by the police department.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today closed down the house in Lawsohtun due to the presence of new cases of covid-1 Berina Shabong (Lumpdeng) Lawsohtun Block II. The rule prohibits the entry and exit of the house.
At the same time, the SSMP wishes these two youths all the best in their careers and God bless them. shait is strong.
Let us take only two examples whose names are well known to us, Nissor Singh and Fr H Elias SDB, great men of literature.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, various Dorbar Shnongs in Jowai have set up special quarantine facilities for any suspected and unwell COVID-19 patients in Jowai.
Another thing he sees is that our country and nation has begun to lose its customs and traditions which our ancestors have established and has begun to destroy its customs and traditions. of other nations.
Those who don't have money, get a little bit.
Slovakia are second in Group J, two points ahead of Luxembourg, who will face each other on Tuesday.
This incident seems to have turned into a political game on the issue of employment.
He said the PA Sangma stadium was constructed at a cost of T.127 crore and 90 percent of the funds were provided by the central government.
Shillong: U Bah John Kharshiing and several elders of Mawphlang Hima who live outside the Hima, today left to request Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem in charge of the Elaka to suspend the before the election to elect the Lyngdoh of the Mawphlang Hima.
The President of JHTOA, Bah Biangshwa Shylla said that from time to time the JHTOA has opposed such trucks to transport goods produced from the state and district because if these trucks are allowed, they will lose their jobs. They are the ones who own the land, especially those who own trucks.
For that reason, I would like to say to other friends of other candidates that you can't shake the thiedbah of the NPP,” he added.
At the same time, the union urges the police department to take action and prosecute this bloodthirsty man under the strict rules of law.
According to Brial Dkhar, on Saturday morning, she shot the tit when her husband came to pick it up from the outskirts of the village and all the members of the household except her, at 6 pm. After a few hours, the poison of this tit began to affect her children.
On this occasion, the Nongdhar Unit, Adhoc Unit and War Jaintia Circle were inaugurated.
Shillong: U Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that the government of Dr Mukul Sangma has already sanctioned up to T.300 crore for the construction of the Legislative Assembly elections in the state. road without having money.
This was announced by the Additional Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November: The General Meeting of the Riat Laban Football Club, held on the 6th of this month, was held on the 6th of this month.
There are 32006 Class-XII students who have sat for the examination.
Therefore, education is one of the areas to improve the bright future of the youth of the region.
Because any party or party to be strong needs to get the acceptance of the people first and after that we will move forward to strengthen it,” said the NPP leader. AITC/TMC leaders to form a new government in the state.
In fact, Ladthadlaboh had several good opportunities, but could not succeed.
In the men's team event, the winners were East Khasi Hills District and South West Khasi Hills District.
The government should take all necessary measures to close the road completely,” said Charles.
The Prime Minister is afraid that if Bah Shullai runs, he may send a paper election and in this way, the overthrow of the Lamphang may succeed and it will show that the government is in danger.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of South West Khasi Hills District has held a meeting to encourage and congratulate Samla Maitshaphrang. Kharwanniang from Kenïong, South West Khasi Hills District will lead the UCI Mountain Bike Eliminator World Cup 2022 to be held in Ladakh, India on the 4th of this month. November, 2022.
The body was taken to Khliehriat Hospital for post mortem.
Three persons were arrested by the police on 6th June near Lawmali Bridge when police seized a Hyundai i20 color ïong with Registration No.AS01 AT0
This was previously Rs 250 crore.
In the midst of God's judgment and wrath, let us turn our eyes to Him to deliver us from these present calamities.
After this, a march known as “Ka Mih Iaw” to Iawmusiang was held, accompanied by shouting, dancing and dancing.
The State Government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to provide assistance of T.16 lakh, equivalent to T.4 lakh, to the families of the four victims of the earthquake. Pynthorlangtein Village, Thadlaskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District.
After a thorough inspection, it was found that these were children's drugs but despite this, we tried to seek assistance from the DM&HO especially from him or the Drugs Inspector of Jaintia Hills, but in the end, due to the lack of These drugs were seized to check whether they have any connection with those who are addicted to drugs.
However, he said that in 2010, he left the cow farming business and started working as a coal miner, until he went to school in
The SNSBH hopes that the Central Government will not delay in sending the VAB of the KHADC in July.
Tamil Nadu has experienced the worst drought this year.
When the mother left, Bhalang was surprised but remembered what the mother had said.
The truck (ML 06 4265) driven by Rapborlang Wanniang, 23, of Nonglang village, was seized from one of the places. of the village of Rangsapara.
He said that the opening of this Dispensary will be of great benefit as it will provide facilities for those who come to take medicines and check-up from doctors.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Rangkynsai Makdoh, EM of KHADC, said that the purpose of the visit was to prepare for the Monolith Festival in the first month. two of November this year.
He said that up to 90% of the film was shot in Sohra, Mawpat and Massar as well as in West Khasi Hills.
Speaking at the meeting , Conrad said that what the Indian government has spent for tourism in the state will not be in vain but will generate more revenue than what the government spends .
Below you will witness some of the amazing benefits you get when you consume dhania.
However, after treatment, the woman could not be sent to NEIGRIHMS or District Hospital.
How can it be that the residents who are journalists have been treated in this way,” said Dr Sangma, adding that something wrong has happened.
“When we look back at the year when the Congress was in power, there was a case of a prostitution racket that happened at a guest house. The investigating officer of the case has been dismissed from the Marvelyne Inn, which is owned by the Congress Minister of Home Affairs. “There is a case that happened in 2017 when u The opposition leader is still the Chief Minister of the state and the investigation has started since then. In fact, the investigation has been going on for years and there has been a change of leadership in the The government has also alleged that there has been an interruption in the investigation, but if there is such an interruption in the investigation, the dismissal should have happened since we came to power but it has not happened”.
“Meghalaya has its own past, its own culture and has its own attempts to achieve development but it has never been able to achieve even a step before Modi came to power,” he said. " he said.
The purpose of the Academy to participate in tournaments or friendly games abroad is to improve the performance of the children, so that the children understand and experience how they are when they meet teams from outside the state. and also to encourage the children to take this sport as their future.
Meanwhile, reports have announced that there will be two Advisers to the Chief Minister in Chhattisgarh, Arun Sao, leader of the Other Backward Classes (OBC) and Vijay Sharma, a Brahmin.
This includes many types.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle and War Jaintia Circle have been shocked to see in the media that the Symbud of the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has said that the market will not be closed. He has already held talks with the opposition parties and now they have understood.
According to the FSSAI report, out of the 46 villages sampled, only Demthring and Mawblei villages have access to safe drinking water.
Gupta said the Adhaar number is linked to the voting form and the Election Commission of India has also planned to link it with the Adhaar number to avoid being harassed. steal during elections.
The company has awarded the contract to M/S Astra Construction Pvt Ltd at a cost of T.2,65,18,175 crore for the construction of the project. you can't work.
“The Prime Minister, I and Bah Sniawbhalang will discuss tonight and we will take the right decision,” said Prestone.
“I would be grateful if Pretty Kharpyngrope, President of the UDP Women's Wing, issued a single decision on any decision or the creation of the UDP rules by me alone. which I violate myself now," he said.
Speaking on the NPP's criticism from the left and right, Bah Pyniaid said, “All political parties are not enough, it is difficult to criticize others, because we ourselves are still lacking”.
He wrote, "Like a skei sha la dien trai, I turn around at last"
FDA officials during their inspection, collected some Rahu fish and the samples were sent to the Central Food Laboratory, Kolkata for testing.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: Part of the campaign to raise awareness among the people on the importance of voting as citizens and the need to elect leaders who work hard for the people to bring about the development of the village. the state and the country as a whole.
Bishop Spong said there are two explanations for the marriage between Hosea and Gomer.
“We don't tell other youths that if they want help from the government they have to take up arms before they get help,” said Bah RG Lyngdoh.
Ahmed is also the spokesperson of the opposition in Bangladesh.
Shillong: Former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Martin M Danggo, on Tuesday said that he will support the Congress candidate Jotin Khardewsaw in the mid-term MDC elections in Langrin.
“I have decided to set up a Search Committee and this committee will include people from the government as well as outsiders,” he said. and the Women's College.
It is understood that the first register number, ML15-0001, could be received by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang and Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
That’s the way to do it, these days, when you go to meet the prime minister.
However, although the highest authorities have empowered women, there are still many women who do not want to seek help from the law enforcement agencies if men abuse their families. , by beating and beating, threatening to leave their children, many, just because they want to satisfy the lusts of the flesh.
He said that it is true that the people of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, after looking into the situation in the Constituency, have all said that Bah KP Pangñiang is the true leader of the Constituency. The people of the constituency need him and it is on this basis that he has decided to contest again in the upcoming election.
Ms Ampareen said that there are leaders who will prepare themselves to become leaders of the state where the state will have leaders who will not be involved in the position.
He said that the border crossing by Assam, happened in the past few days, when these government officials from Assam, came to erect signs to the land of the people of Umsaw Lumdorbar village. and who have made it their land in the past decades.
Besides the day's work, one of the things that should be praised is that he has started another job, which is to sell water bottles and kyiad bottles around the country. Nongpoh area, which is part of the protection of the fire.
The Sohra MLA urged the Minister to dig a well and provide water to the PHC in Laitryngew as the PHC has had to buy water due to lack of water.
Nongpoh, November 29: After the government has given permission to the owners of the Weigh Bridge near Shangbangla, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) has urged the state government to open the Weigh Bridge. Bridge, that it should first conduct an inspection and consider carefully to avoid any tragic incident.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has received the ksiang for talks with the government.
Tynrong Mawsaw is located about 33 km east of Nongstoin in the Nonglang Sirdarship which includes 48 small villages.
On the occasion, certificates were also distributed to NGOs including Manbha Foundation, Jowai, KJP Synod Mihngi, SANKER and Mihmyntdu Community & Social. Welfare Association, Jowai who have been working together to prevent the harmful effects of alcoholic beverages in different villages.
“If we have been able to provide 100% Tika to the residents of the state, it means that the state has become independent and there will be no more lockdown and all the restrictions will be lifted,” he said. said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Meanwhile, this year, the agriculture has been free and there are no restrictions or restrictions on the growth, but sadly, there is still a bad weather in which since the crops have started to grow. but it happened that the insect came and ate all the leaves of the plant.
If you see someone carrying marijuana, do not do anything, but inform the authorities, the number and color of the vehicle, where it is and where it is going.
When you ask for light (true judgment) from the people of Mawlai, do you have any rights?
However, the Sirdar of the Hima, Bah Arwanphai Wanshnong, did not bring all the money into the Hima and brought back only T.20,00000 to the dorbar held at the city of Nongrim.
Police on the 17th of this month received a complaint from the Branch Manager, SBI, Pynursla Branch that one of their employees had stolen T.95 lakh from the ATM. on the 13th of this month.
Only if the BJP and NPP are no longer in government, perhaps at that time they can come and investigate.
All the generation that came out of Egypt did not reach the Promised Land, it was the later generation that experienced God's promise.
They also alleged that the Sordar has not convened a dorbar since 2011 until today except once when he convened a dorbar after the KHADC issued his suspension in .
“It took me up to 45 minutes to reach the dorbar hall, even after I took a pass for the vehicles, how much more for the passengers, who have been stuck for hours on this road.
The People's Document said the NPP's goal is also to create 500,000 jobs and employment opportunities for the youth.
The State Government has also provided assistance of 3 lakh tyngka to all the state associations which have joined the MSOA so that they can hold many sports tournaments to promote various sports.
Meanwhile, Jason Manner of the Event Management Team said that the date of the Cherry Blossom on Friday was not a coincidence but was set by the singers because it was a day off. that these world famous singers do not travel around the world and the dates are set according to their release.
NSCN-IM General Secretary Thuing Aleng Muivah, 81, came to sign the peace agreement at the meeting held at 7 Race Course Road.
After 1 month, MePDCL will take a decision to increase the amount and that the consumer will have to pay the maximum amount for the last 12 months and those who have not paid will continue to pay. as a rule, to get the money you deserve.
In this regard, the Minister said that he will take action on this.
The SMEA also expressed its concerns over the continuous delay in salaries of the employees where one month they receive their salaries in the first month, another in the middle of the month and sometimes they receive their salaries at the end of another month. Explaining the T.1.6 crore released last year, the SMEA said that the T.1.6 crore has been released last year. The grants released for Municipal purposes are those allocated by the Government of India to be released in the form of grants to assist the organization which cannot be included as condolences or new grants.
He has continued his football career in various leagues with the club till date , but the club has sold him for Rs 1.05 crore to Pune FC Hrithik Enlightenment.
He said that when they went to evict those who came to sit in the area, they were accompanied by the police from Umïam, who evicted all the sitters who tried to turn the area into a drinking place. that the garbage dump affects the environment and the peace and order of the people.
Of the total cases, 5,005 have been reported from Sylhet district, 1,748 from Sunamganj, 1,372 from Habiganj and 1,244 from Moulvibazar.
In ancient times, the Raid Nongbri was divided into three parts, the eastern part belonged to Lyngdoh Pale, the eastern part belonged to Myrjoh and the west to east belonged to Lyngdoh Pale. Lapateng and because Lapaten was the highest, these places were ruled by Lapaten.
Sports Association), Gino Sangma (Tura District Sports Association).
“And it came to pass, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel? He answered, “I have not punished Israel, but you have not punished Israel...... 1 Kings 18:17-1
“However, we would like to ask the State Government why until 1971, 1972 the Government has not taken action to improve this road. " he said.
Make sure that the fire is extinguished before leaving or travelling.
In the first leg of the women's category, Shillong Labet beat Tyllilang Academy 54-40 baskets.
The meeting was attended by MLA Nujorki Sungoh as Chief Guest, MDC Awhai Andrew Shullai, A. Papang Ex General Secretary, Starly Ryngkhlem, D Khongsit, General Secretary FKJGP; KSU Assistant Education Secretary Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew and others congratulated the JSU for its continued success.
The family members and owners of the house have informed the Umsning Outpost Police Station for further investigation.
Currently, the app is helping the Meghalaya government to implement the MOTHER, which is the most important project in the world.
In social media posts, there were also comments that the Government has already changed the name of Mairang District to Central Khasi Hills because Mairang has become Central Khasi Hills or that the Government should not have changed the name of Mairang District. in Khadsaw Phra District.
When asked about the VAB 2014 or 2015, Dr. Kharshiing said that the Rangbah Shnongs know only the VAB passed by the KHADC and sent by the state government and not by others. When asked whether there has been any discussion on the Ordinance, Dr. Kharshing said that there has been no such discussion and the discussion has been only on the VAB and the Act. JHADC.When asked by the President of the Union whether the Governor has said anything on the appearance of groups like the ARPA against the VAB passed by the KHADC, the reply was received from the Rangbah Leader. is that no such controversy arose.
Streamly said the project was suspended in 2016, when the NFR was starting implementation of the Tetelia-Byrnihat Railway line project, which was also after the opposition of the union and the NFR. other groups.
Many construction projects for sports events are underway including the JN Stadium Complex, PA Sangma Integrated Sports Complex, Wahiajer Stadium and Crinoline Swimming Pool Complex.
Around these planets, there is an atmosphere surrounding them, in which there are many kinds of gases, which support or harm life.
The Swachh Bharat Mission East Jaintia Hills District, on Saturday, conducted an awareness program at Moolamylliang village to explain to the people how to separate the garbage into two parts. They also explained how to create income opportunities by segregating the rotten and non-rotten waste. He said that this project will be successful only if the residents cooperate with the department to follow the guidelines to separate the villages. who whistles.
Speaking to media, the CEM of KHADC, said that the lockdown has caused a huge loss to the traders and farmers of the state and then the closure of the markets. The largest market in Khasi Hills, especially the Iewduh, has affected the income of the traders and farmers who cannot produce their agricultural products.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU South Central President Samla Ennocent Khongstia said that these Dkhars who do not know their place of residence, have been able to fill up their voting forms in the village. However, after receiving information, the union has lodged a complaint with the BDO of Pynursla, to stop the registration of them.
Not only that, the Sordar Shnong, Bah KM Syiem, said in the dorbar, which was held yesterday at Smit, “Recognize the Sordar, no one listens, no one is beaten, no one is beaten”. in describing the unfortunate incident, which occurred that night.
Shillong: The University Grant Committee has accepted the request of the state government to hold the Final Semester examination in April, said the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya SSA School Association led by Bah Aristotle C Rymbai has warned its 12541 members not to take part in the protest. It has already held talks with the government regarding the non-release of salaries.
Shillong, Lber 3: The Swine Flu, which has been thought to be caused by pigs, is not true.
From Sohkrot it is a dirt road like the old horse road while when you enter the village from Wahrinong to Umjakoid about 3 km, it is clean.
Mawkyrwat, November 06 : Mawkhyrwang Sports Club, Rangblang A Sports & Cultural Club and Sakwang Sports Club have won the title in the final of the The 1st MLA Cup 2022 was organized by the MLA Cup at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir.
The cows were smuggled to Bangladesh with certificates issued by the District Council and the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department of the State Government. I'm going to Bangladesh.
The incident happened this morning at Pynthor Langteiñ village.
The injured were rushed to Markasa PHC for treatment and later shifted to Shillong Civil Hospital for further treatment.
He has been represented by the Meghalaya football team for the Santosh Trophy held in Saudi Arabia in recent months.
However, through the implementation of the new drinking water distribution scheme, known as the Jaal Jivan Mission (JJM), the central government has given hope to all the villages that they will get adequate drinking water. in the coming years.
Shillong, Nailur 04: Speaking to Mawphor, North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum on his preparation for the Assembly elections next year, said that the He said that he is ready to contest the election in his own way unlike other candidates who spend lakhs of rupees for one meeting.
In the second half, SPC players also fought hard to turn the tide and after a while, Batesi TV member Samla Kyrshan Lyngdoh Nonglait scored the second goal for the SPC and bring the complaint.
There are still many areas where we can give the skills to the talented, but it is up to the youth to come forward for training in various fields.
Dhoni took an interest in cricket while studying in Class-X. He was also a Train Ticket Examiner (TTE) at Kharagpur Railway Station from 2001 to Railway in Midnapore (W), a district in the state of West Bengal.
The Chief Minister of Nagaland expressed the hope that the people of the state will benefit from the existence of this school.
After this, the CEM and his delegation visited Balicherra village where there are 11 Khasi-Pnar families living in this village.
Because, when the consumers know that the government can fill the markets to control the price of food items, they will not feel useful to buy any food item.
After the second half, Mawlai tried to fight hard and scored the second goal through Da-aijinsuk Basaiawmoit in the 41st minute.
Speaking to reporters, Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM State Youth Wing, said that the decision to hold the meeting came after the deadline for KHNAM to form a government within the 15th has expired. “We have given time within the 15th of this month, but MeECL has not responded at all, we have decided to hold a public meeting to take a decision on how to proceed,” said Bah. Thomas Passah.
Speaking to media, the President of the Union, Bah A Lipon said that their protest was after receiving information that the state government intends to install smart meters without first having the smart meters. understanding of the people.
Last month, the NIA also seized several properties belonging to Panjun in Chandigard and Amritsar.
Although during the elections, the election campaign is one's own or the criticism against each other but in the end the spirit of working together as a team is important,” said Conrad. He said that even after receiving the support of independent MLAs as well as BJP MLAs and also from the BJP, the MDA 2.0 government will be led by the NPP. HSPDP to form a new government but he has spoken to the leaders of the UDP as well as the PDF because he does not want to leave them alone.
Dr. Lyngdoh said that the reason why the Synod has opened this college is because many of the students who come to Synod College Shillong and other colleges in Shillong about 70 percent are from West Khasi Hills and others. that land Village.
If the road in the city is like this, think about how it will happen in the countryside.
The other two goals were scored by Basaiawmoit (25') and Ideibanri Kharpan (46').
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Dorbar Shnong of Lumshatsngi, Kench's Trace, in collaboration with the Excise Department of East Khasi Hills District, has seized a large quantity of IMFL in a surprise raid on the night of the 11th of this month. May.
The Seng also sends a clear statement to all the Village Leaders of Jaintia Hills and all the Village Leaders of Bri u Hynniewtrep that they should no longer issue syrnot or any NOC to foreigners without proper investigation. Whether these applicants are entitled to receive the documents from the village or township.
The incident happened while the pilgrims were planning to visit the place where in 2006, 50 pilgrims died at the place.
Several students of St Anthony's College, in collaboration with the NEHUSU, on 13th June 2024, sent a letter to the Principal of St Anthony's College, Rev Br. Dr Albert Dkhar did not object to the order of the students of the college to wear uniforms when attending classes.
The two Prime Ministers want to resolve the border issue by mutual agreement.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
He contested the MLA election from Nongkrem Constituency at the invitation of the people.
The BJP said the people of the state have expected from the Minister of Home Affairs that the state will be free from crime especially against women.
The Minister of Education and MLA of War Jaintia, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, has awarded cash prizes and certificates to the students who have passed well in various examinations. Hall, Amlarem.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : Shillong: Meghalaya has been selected to host the biggest sports tournament in the North East as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State. The East Olympic Games will be held from 30th March to 6th November this year.
“We have been in peace for these years until now, why should we stir up trouble again,” said Samla Christopher Lyngdoh.
Samla P.Lyngdoh Mawnai Environmental & Cultural Secretary KSU Nongstoin Circle said that the KSU Nongstoin Circle has decided to suspend these departments to respect the traditional customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
When asked whether there is anything wrong with counting and explaining just to get money, u Bah David said that this is a very dangerous job. Bah Mit has died, Bah David said that all three of them have died, but there is a good danger for them if they are still alive, the work will come back later.
According to the shopkeepers, many of the shopkeepers in the market sold the leftover food items on the last day of the Monolith. “We charge T.5000 tyngka while there are others who charge only T.400 and T.2500 tyngka but the size of the shop and the sales are the same,” said Bah Nongkynrih.
Besides, villages like Nongjrong produce sohñiamtra which is well sold but if sohñiamtra can be converted from sohñiamtra, the price can be higher and that will help the farmers to earn more.
Matthew 5:8.
Azerbaijan has regained power as part of its efforts to curb insurgent attacks in Karabakh.
Besides, u Bah Lahkmen said that the remaining examinations will be conducted in such a way that all the students will not have to worry about money.
“During the investigation at the scene of the explosion, we found the remains of the explosion.
The JNC has expressed its deep surprise at the delay of the state government in making public the report of the investigation into the incident ha Mookhep. “If the law is salonshar for all, we urge the police department to revoke the charge against Bah JL Mawdoh and conduct an investigation,” said Sambormi Lyngdoh, Chairman of the JNC. Shillong, Jymmang 15: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) has lodged a complaint against the police officer of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Mukul Sangma, if the court does not refer the case to the Traffic Branch in charge of traffic.
ADCs are considered as sub-departments of the DCA.
Damiki Tyngkan of Mookyrdup won the Best Goalkeeper title. Dangri Phawa of Madankynsaw Mookyndeng and Risanlang Dkhar of Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah won the title. Man of the Match was won by Sanborlang Tang.
“In the upcoming elections in 2023, we must take the right decision before going to the polls to ensure that peace will prevail in the country and the future generations will have the right to vote. the future is bright.
It is to be recalled that many times these detention centers have appeared in the newspapers and social media especially in Assam and it is said that the Assam government has prepared detention centers for large numbers of foreigners. There are nine football grounds in Goalpara District and can accommodate more than 3000 fans.
There are a total of 11 colleges participating in the tournament.
He said that the union has informed the DMHO about the shortage of doctors because at present there is only one doctor in the hospital. as well as staff to provide services to the public.
However, the non-verification of mobile numbers does not affect the verification of beneficiaries or the authenticity of the beneficiaries of the scheme.
The statement said that this notice is under Section 194 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 which stipulates that goods carrying more than the stipulated limit should be dropped.
Furthermore, the VPP spokesperson does not understand the value of showing mercy to the poor because he himself does not want to show mercy to the people because if we show mercy to the poor, they will “It's a pollution, but we see clearly that when they hold meetings, they carry bright lights to collect from the people,” said Bah. Kitborlang Nongrem, State President of the NPYF. The Minister of State and MLA, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the decision of the State Government to extend the term of office of the KHADC and GHADC for 6 months. it’s not the first time and such decisions have sometimes been made before.
Today, during the inspection, it was found that all the contractors have fled the site because almost every day the Assam police have come to warn them not to work on the site. you're right.
“We have to talk to the Prime Minister, those policemen who were there on that day who fled with the crowd, they are not qualified to work, let others who are qualified to work, if there are people who “They have turned their love for the country and the nation and the Assam police have also been able to defeat them,” he said.
Our youth, social workers, community leaders, all should be commended now that India is experiencing the least resistance to vaccines compared to other countries.
Here we see that the Word of God speaks of all times.
Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Mizoram all have reservations which include all the Schedule Tribes except the minorities.
The Rangbah Shnongs had to meet the Prime Minister at 5 pm and the meeting lasted about three hours from 5 to 8 pm.
Dr.M Syiemlieh said that the death of this child at Nazareth Hospital was due to the fact that since the time of birth, she has not been in a healthy body. it made him suffer from ringing and breathing.
On Saturday, three of them went to the market – the mother, Banrilang and Rangsan.
S Dance, Pompeii, Liverpool.
Shylla said the word United should be put in front of the district council because there are two areas under the district council and these are the Khasi State and the other is the Non Khasi State. in the British Area.
Shillong, November 12: Vendors from Khyndailad to Iewduh have complained about the decline in the Christmas market this year.
Students of schools, colleges, government employees, companies without electricity will find it difficult to complete their duties.
He said that the father of India, Mahatma Gandhi, is no longer alive but his teachings and principles are alive for the future generations.
On this occasion, they planted up to 100 tree seedlings in the area known as Pohsnieñ Trepariat in the Myntdu River.
Because, running for MP is important.
However, one of the worst things is that many others take advantage and as more and more people become lyngkar, society becomes lyngkar and many evil deeds can happen.
In a letter sent to the contractor, they said that according to the Constitution of India, the land falls under the 6th Scheduled. The trading license has been obtained from the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for the construction of these roads.
The day of Ibansara's disappearance was Friday, and it was on Tuesday that the relatives gathered together to think about the search for her as they could not find her at the homes of acquaintances and acquaintances. she used to go out and her phone was turned off.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the allegation by the BJP is baseless.
The Israelites did not want to know what God had said and did not obey.
They teach them how to walk and stand, how to speak, how to dress, how to eat and drink, how to talk, how to recognize brothers and sisters, how to respect brothers and sisters. and how to do only good things.
Shillong, Nailar 01 : The Congress in Meghalaya has announced that Ma Vincent H Pala will continue to serve as MP from the Shillong Parliamentary seat. The candidate who is suitable to contest the elections to be held soon next year.
However, I am happy because I was born and raised here. This is my own city, and I am happy when friends and people inform me that they will come to this city but this will be the “For example, those who are involved in the development of tourism and ensure that those who come to the state have a happy life,” he said.
The meeting began with a prayer, while the meeting was conducted by Ms. Pdiangmon Chyrmang, President of EJMDMWU. Leki Bareh, Member East Jaintia Hills District, also expressed the concerns of the school teachers in the district.
That's why we vote.
The inauguration ceremony of Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh as Archbishop of Shillong will also be attended by Archbishops and Bishops from North East India and abroad.
That is the question we want to ask the Inquiry Commission.
These people have expressed many problems in the development of the area which has been neglected by the government.
The residents of 7 villages of Raid Mawshuit have not accepted the election of a dealer in the Raid and have not accepted Bah Ngen Khongshei as the Acting Sordar. They don't know who elected him and when and who authorized him to elect the ration dealer.
“Bah Ardent's statement to invite the RDA to support the VPP is groundless.
We see the growth of literature from the emergence of writers who have shown their literary talents by writing books in prose, poetry and drama.
The prize for Solo will be 1st prize 8000, 2nd prize 5000 and 3rd prize 3000 and consolation.
No,113 – 'Hingrwai Remembrance of Man' – the word 'Remembrance of Man' – means to remember and live by one's humanity in relation to fellow human beings on earth.
All residents of the containment area have been ordered to isolate themselves at home.
Commenting on the end of his journey with Barcelona, ​​Alba said: “It was a memorable journey with the support of the people.
However, it is wrong to allege that the party cannot raise the issues of the state, he said.
Balgitchak was the leader of the ASAK militant group who plotted to kidnap SIB officer Bikash Singh and clothes trader Kamal Saha.
A statement from Basu Chakravorty, spokesperson of the party, said that the speakers at the conference will be Shibun Lyngdoh, Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek.
It is learned that the authorities in charge of the gate have tried to pour water on the road to prevent the water pumps from running, but they pour only in the morning and as soon as the sun rises the road has collapsed. and the people are suffering from the floods.
“In fact, we should pass laws for the benefit of the people, while this decision is to shed the blood of our fellow citizens and will affect the small and poor. and this is exactly what the word 'Miaw Bamkhun' says,” said Lakhon Biam.
The DCs will collect the figures and send them to the Revenue Department through the SDRF to send them to the NDRF for the release of the money,” he said.
Eight Ministers are leaders between Class VIII and Class XII, while four others have graduated.
He urged the youth to work hard as the government has prepared many areas to develop them, in various sports activities, facilities for the construction of sports grounds, stadiums and others. Shillong and also in the rural areas as many of the youngsters who are prominent in sports are from the rural areas, not forgetting that South West Khasi Hills District is one of the districts which They have selected the skilled fighters who have brought fame to the state as a whole especially in the long distance running.
In preparation for the Assembly elections in West Bengal, the BJP has launched a strong attack on the Trinamool Congress.
In 2015, KHNAM said that the price of petrol has dropped twice on 1st June 2015 to T.58.76 but only three days later on 4th June The price of diesel in 2015 has been increased twice by T.48.07 tyngka in 2015 and on the 4th of July it was T.48.07 tyngka. The price of rice has dropped to T.
If you travel by car, you have to travel through Assam and to reach Nongstoiñ, the District Head Quarter and Rambrai PHC take more than hundreds of kilometers.
