Speaking to reporters, Chetry said that the Gorkha people will stand firm on the basis that they should be recognized as full indigenous people like others. The Assamese people, whether Bodo, Karbi, Rabha, Tiwa, Ahom, Gorkha, Mishing, Moran, Kalita and others.
“We didn't criticize Ardent even though he didn't talk about the Reservation Policy,” said Paul.
Para Ri baieid, this article is not a racial discrimination, but a wake-up call because the author cannot just listen and watch the flow of rain.
For example, from Ri Bhoi, they have talked to our people to join the BJP. In Shillong West and other places, TMC leaders have tried to invite leaders to join the BJP. From the TMC they have told us that they will join the BJP,” Pala said that is why the Congress has refused to cooperate with the TMC in Meghalaya.
Doctors of Bawri Nethralaya have been available to treat people with various eye diseases.
The Chairman of the Regional Committee, Jaintia Hills Sector, Sniawbhalang Dhar on 25.7.2022 told the Waheh Chnongs of Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang District that it is not clear whether this work will be completed before the 2023 election. por is too short.
In his resignation letter sent to Mizoram BJP chief Vanlalhmuaka, he said he was deeply saddened by the damage to Christian churches in Manipur. , that this was supported by senior state and local government officials.
He said that he had told the Prime Minister that he did not want to hold the education department because he wanted to cool himself but no one listened to this request.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has sent a letter to the Director of Higher and Technical Education, Meghalaya, saying that it is not appropriate to implement online application forms for students. I don't have the internet.
The Corona virus doesn't have the power only to affect our humanity or to affect our work, trade, inheritance, travel, but it also has another power. It has the power to ban the gatherings of the people to worship God in our places of worship or in the largest number of people even at home.
However, when it comes to the great works that he has done since he assumed the post of President of the Seng Khasi Kmie in 2018, it is impossible to mention them all, but he has decided how to work with to fulfill the task as a leader who is a true Rangbah Leader who is steadfast in his path, who does not hesitate to do anything and once he has made a decision, he is quick to follow it. right hand and left hand to cover, spain, to solve any problems that the branches of the Seng Khasi face, the problems of harassment in their work.
We should be grateful for the wisdom of the civil society leaders to remind the government of their demands but not to affect the people and the education of the dangle.
Because as soon as the government came to power, the protests started with the removal of the kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong, followed by the protests against CAA and demand for ILP. After this, the COVID-19 pandemic from November 2019 to 2020 and until mid-2021, we will be willing to reopen the markets, trade, traffic. , it works and so on.
Shillong: The Government today approved to authorize the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) to issue permits for quarrying of land within 5 hectares by proving that it is not forest land and This has been amended by the Meghalaya Minor Concession Rule
" he said in a statement.
The Sein Kur Dkhar has alleged that Seila Dkhar, a foreigner who lives and works in Rangad, East Jaintia Hills, has also received an EPIC. Another member of the committee lodged a complaint with the Incharge DC of East Jaintia Hills District demanding that the EPIC be issued to the state.
Admitting that she will not back down, she has decided to work hard to explain to the people the issues and goals she wants to achieve if the people trust her.
“When I wake up in the morning, I feel like someone has loved me, but when I wake up, the cows lick my hair, they lick my body,” said Bah Shlurbha.
Garcia Luna will be sentenced to 20 years in prison, according to the Department of Justice.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : A few days after it was reported that the MLA of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) from Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang has decided to resign from the UDP for the 2023 elections, the The President of the UDP Mawsynram, Bah O Suiñ, said that if these reports are true, those who want to apply for tickets from the party should follow the path.
One of the wholesale shops is located in Shillong, Shillong.
It is a maroon Alto and it is still an ML05 N. “It is still very new,” said Bah Bok.
Shillong, June 14: Thirty-two sites along the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers have been identified for the construction of Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs). throw the garbage into the river.
One of those who will leave this year will be one of the teachers of Mathematics in England, whose ashes will be taken on a journey that will start this year.
Due to the fire in the house, the child was burnt to death.
Speaking at the meeting, Pynlangbor said that they as the youth of the Congress party have nothing against the party or the candidate but the work of the MLA and the NPP party which leads the party. He said that the NPP in Nongstoin led by MLA Bah Macmillan Byrsat has shown great deeds in achieving the goals of the NPP. of the public now only 11 months which they have been waiting for more than 46 years.
In this regard, there has also been an agreement between the PWD department and the Electricity Department that vehicles will have to be banned during the operation of the Technical Teams,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Dr War said that the fee for testing is that the state used to provide testing kits to the ICMR, but now the ICMR does not provide anything like that. you have to set a price.
The MCA invites all players (team and individual) to come and participate in this tournament and the time of the tournament will be 4 pm onwards.
“The SSC has reviewed the names of the officers to take over the post of DGP in the state,” he said.
Furthermore, the Minister hopes that the two states will be able to resolve the pending issue in these seven areas even if it takes some time.
On the issue of talks regarding the seven sites in dispute, Sarma said that out of these seven sites, they include Langpih, Khanduli-Block I and Block II.“The people of all the states have their own opinion on this issue.
A.Nongbri, MCS, Principal of St. Xavier Secondary School Nongkhlaw, government officials, Rangbah Shnong, teachers, school children and others.
The police department has clarified that the public should check the Megpolice website.
Shillong, July 11 : NPP candidate Alan West Kharkongor together with members of the NPP Sohra Block have met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 11th July 2023 at his residence. to extend his special congratulations on the announcement of Sohra as a new district with Sohra as its headquarters.
He also called upon the Longkmie to come forward for the Hill State.
The source said that the incident was witnessed by the workers who were cleaning a canal near the river, when they tried to help by falling into the river. but because they were not able to swim, they did not dare to go into the middle of the river and later they called people for help.
On the current situation in KHADC, Titos said it was the party's fault from the beginning because it could not stop what had happened.
Raising the issue in the House, Dikkanchi said that there are many schools which do not have toilets and if there are, they are not enough.
When asked whether the NPP has any intention of taking over the KHADC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “I would like to make it clear to you that the NPP is a party that stands on the foundation and Even if the NPP MDCs reach 16, 17, 18, 19 or 20, we will not take over the rule in KHADC, the UDP will lead the UDA. The Executive Committee (EC) shall serve until the end of the three years.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Michael Thongni, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, NeIPS, congratulated the youth for their encouragement to him to serve them even though the road is difficult and difficult. .
Tel Aviv: Israeli troops today found more than 100 bodies in a farm and it is believed that the bodies were killed by Hamas militants. entered Israel, last Saturday morning.
Shillong: U Bah BM Lanong, one of the former politicians of Manipur, has recalled the statement of Biren Singh, Chief Minister of Manipur, in which he said that the state has an ILP Act. However, it has not been able to stop the influx of mynder in the state and it is on this issue that he said, “How can we check the influx, if we get tomorrow, the ILP, “These political parties should answer this” because they said “Give ILP, we will give railway” and on this issue, Bindo said. I have said from the beginning that the ILP has nothing to do with the railway.
He said that he should not take the law into his own hands but as VDPs they should hand over to the law enforcement authorities so that they can take the necessary action, because the rights of every person are in India. the Human Rights Act.
“Mei, Niakha has come...” RidaKham told Rida's mother about the coming.
He said that the MRB not only serves to facilitate the deposit of money to the people, but also provides employment opportunities to the youth of the state.
Speaking to reporters on the evening of November 3, the MLA promised to send a letter to the authorities of the bank so that they can provide for the needs of the bank. and at the same time to rebuild the branches here in Mawkyrwat so that it will be more convenient for the people who deal with this bank.
“As a Kasari, it is not that we want to bypass the government but it is because we have reached the point where we have to ask for assistance from foreign police,” said the CJ. K Khan said the government has tried to resolve this and to follow the orders of the court.
One of these children was Sir Lamin, a teacher at Sacred Heart Boys' Higher Secondary School.
He said the Act has made it clear that English will continue to be the Official Language of Meghalaya and that Khasi and Garo can be used as Associate Official Languages ​​in all works in the Districts. , Sub Divisions and Block of the State Government in the Districts of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Recently, a funeral service for a family in Darrang village, Amlarem Sub Division, has spread Covid-19 until six villages have been closed for 14 days.
He said that if the people themselves have a feeling for the people, they should not allow the UDP to have a number that can really lead the state. we shall also be able to show the works that the people themselves desire.
Only 30 trucks per factory per day are allowed to transport coal from Assam to their factories.
Friends and to those who criticize unfairly! You may not agree with what this girl says or does.
According to the EIA 2020, it shows that the government does not respect the poor but respects the rich and the powerful because it listens to the voice of the rich and not the voice of the poor.
For this purpose, they have spoken to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawsmai for clarification.
You don't have to be in the opposition.
However, it was said that today many of the officers were shocked and shocked and there was a great doubt for them even to know the number they had to deliver.
He didn't bring his sword either.
Shillong, Nailur 19: A commercial bus (ML-06-5881) on its way from Mawkyrwat to Nongnah village collided with a sharing at 3 pm. the city of Kenya.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: The KSU North Khasi Hills District today decided to strongly oppose and ban the District authorities from Ri Bhoi District, regarding the registration of Aadhar numbers and also the registration of names. in the National Population Register (NPR).
The meeting was attended by Bah Peter J Lawai, Sordar of Mawryngkneng Village, Bah Wallambok Kharsati, Secretary, Bah Devan Nongpluh, Chairman of Mawryngkneng College Committee and others. He said that he will be present to work with the village leaders on this issue.
We think that if we can keep the Khasi States as they are, it will help and make it easier to get our own State.
He was expelled from the Congress on 20th June 1999, along with Sharad Pawar and Tariq Anwar, for criticizing Sonia Gandhi on her foreign relations.
The KHADC has also decided to appoint Bah RL Blah, Secretary of the Union of Rulers of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) as a member of the committee.
The Telangana State Forest Development Corporation (TEDC) has decided to supply up to 10,000 tonnes of cremation wood to crematoriums in Hyderabad and other cities of the state so that they can be used for cremation. Because of the high number of deaths from covid.
“To rescue these precious souls who have been killed by these robbers is impossible at all, therefore, what can be done is that the union urges the authorities. The law and the honorable court should not allow these bloodthirsty robbers who have dared to take the lives of these children and also of the mother but should allow these bloodthirsty robbers to take the lives of these children and the mother. The punishment of these robbers, in accordance with their crimes, in order to ensure the rights of these precious souls and also to their relatives and also to make it “It is a strong warning to others that they are thieves and do not cause trouble in the society,” said Bah Dkhar.
After a while, Gabriel scored the second goal in the 63rd minute to level the scores.
Shylla said that the 20 percent allocation by former CEM Pynshngain N Syiem will be canceled immediately as this will disrupt all the activities.
The Rashtriya Swamyam Sevak Sangh (RSS) celebrated its 96th foundation day on Saturday.
As a leader, Bah David Kharnaior is a leader who carries the responsibility of the community and the region as a whole. he, especially he, was a man who was ready to help for those who were in need.
The Hynniewtrep people are known as the people who know God.
At the same time, he said that the leaders of other parties when speaking at public meetings may speak wrongly and not really intend to speak like that.
Experts from Delhi, Chattisgarh and Assam will also be present to explain and discuss in detail the issues related to the problems faced by the day laborers almost from time to time in the country. their workplace.
Answering a question on the ease of construction, Banteidor said that the work itself was not easy and it was only after a short time that the work was ready to start.
According to the Publicity Secretary of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem, in fact, the deficit teachers have not received their salaries yet and if the government does not release them this month, their salaries will last for three months. they are put in a predicament who have to carry a family and keeping their children in school.
Furthermore, the two Sengs strongly condemn the Government especially the Local MLA of this area who is willing to auction the land of the paradoh parasnam to Bangladesh. He is a protector of the human rights of his fellow citizens and to stand as Rangbah for the benefit of War Jaintia as he promised in 2018 that not an inch of land will go to Bangladesh.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Werlok Kharshiing, Medical Superintendent &amp; “We at Woodland Hospital, with the support of Smile Train India, have been able to treat patients with oral cancer since
Looking at these days, we see, that the rainfall, according to the measurements of the Meteorological Department of the Government of India, shows that the Riwar area, has increased significantly, the rainfall and this long, through the counting, which we receive every day from the rainfall, which is from Sohra.
MTOSA said that the BSF have set up their check post in front of the bridge to search vehicles passing through the NH-0
THE WISERS These wise men were called “Magi.” Herodotus says that these wise men were first from the Median tribe.
The fine of 2 lakh 59 thousand 50 tyngka each was imposed on a consumer in New Nongstoin on 29th July for violating the meter. that shiphew years are gone.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek said that the Youth Cultural Center will be a platform to showcase the talents of the youth in the area where various programs will be held.
The Workers Power of Meghalaya and TUR express their gratitude and appreciation to the State Government and welcome the decision and new announcement that the Government has announced on 28 March 2020 that the Government through the Department of Labor and Disaster They are ready to provide financial assistance to the day laborers in the State who have lost their income and income during the curfew.
Therefore, all assignments should be completed as soon as they are received from school, college or university.
Three out of the 10 richest MRs in the country are from the North Eastern states, with the richest of the five being the MR of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khandu. With a net worth of Rs 163.38 crore, Khandu has become the richest MR among the MRs of North East, according to a report by ADR and New Election Watch (NEW). .
“The ban on coal mining has severely affected the budget of the insurgents, which is why they have kidnapped the people to demand money,” said the SP of North Garo Hills.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday visited the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam after receiving a complaint from the residents who complained that The Syiem of Jirang had the authority to quarry stone and earth in Rani Jirang.
At 3 pm, there will be a discussion on the role of local & traditional bodies in its preservation and conservation, with the participation of Ma Vincent Pala, MP Trinity Saio, Padmashri. , Nanadro B Marak Padmashri, Theilin Phanbuh, Padmashri, Maling Gomb and will conclude at 4 pm in the presence of Bah P Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, Timothy Shira, Deputy Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
The Expert Committee has been directed to submit its report to the State Government within 12 months.
The EC of JHADC will submit the Sanad in the coming days.
Dr. Ricky won with 571078 votes, followed by Vincent with 199168 votes and Ampareen with 186488 votes.
She said that she has found that there are also children who are in the middle of their education, who have lost hope because they don't get enough guidance, but she is pleased to express. At this meeting, I learned that the group of Ka Tbian Ki Sur Hara, which is another training center of the Seng Khasi Kmie, has now taken on the responsibility to provide training. How much more to teach them how to speak in public, so I hope that these trainings will be equal.
Media reports said that the speech will last only about 20 minutes and it is not known what subject he will speak on, as the state government has prepared the main issues and the issues to be discussed. crane, you will receive the office of the President of the Republic.
Now the Cherra Punji is giving glory to the country,” said the Prime Minister after launching the DOPPLER Weather Radar online today at Madan Polo, Shillong.
Khliehriat, March 3: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit, has expressed its concern over the lack of cooperation of all the drivers passing through the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District. They did not respect the request of the union, which has requested to stop driving in the evening from 7 pm to 5 pm. “It's obvious that they are happy, they are happy to walk on the road,” said one of the leaders of KSU East Jaintia Hills.
We believe that your participation will be a great blessing.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs opened the scoring in the 4th minute through Heipormi Dkhar, but Caroline Colony fought hard to turn the tide. In the 16th minute, Famous Lyngdoh scored the third goal.
These trucks were owned by Kalip Suchiang of Mootyrshiah (AS01GC-4173) and Pawan Kumar Mishra (AS01FC-1741).
The Shillong Run has been running since 2011 to 2019 and in the past six years the Shillong Run has been running smoothly and most of the participants are school children, even adults. spirit also participated well.
Although the Shillong Market has been built by the Shillong Municipal Board, some foreigners who have received a No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Dorbar Shnong, do not believe in applying for a Trading License. License) from the KHADC but today the issuance of trading license by the KHADC has shocked the foreigners who have been hiding but have received the NOC from the Dorbar Shnong and some have said that they have received the NOC from the Shillong Municipal. The Board said that the license from KHADC is no longer required. These products have been trading freely for 10 to 15 years.
A Saudi Arabian group linked to ISIS in Najd province has claimed responsibility for the attack by Abu Suleiman al-Muwahhid, one of its members who blew himself up because he It admitted that this was a place where Shia teachings were spread by Sunni Muslims.
With this goal, the match became more interesting in which the players showed their skills and impressed the spectators.
In the T20I rankings, Suryakumar Yadav topped the list of batsmen while Hardik Pandya topped the all-rounders' rankings. .
Last batch of 1st, 2nd & 3rd year BA annual system results announced on 2nd August.
They also suggested to the State Government to set up taxis coming from Assam at Mawiong, so that it will not disrupt the traffic of local vehicles, which run daily, through this is the road.
The AJYWO leader said that the MRL&VT Bill-2013 will increase the number of policemen because the same policeman who will look after Law and Order will also have to look after this law. spirit yes.
“The decision of the MoRTH is to be commended for the benefit of the people, the youth and especially the drivers,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO. through the NH44 in the Lad-Rymbai and Mookhep areas has been slow and excessive.
He urged the Government to turn to the talented youth of Shella Village and to provide them with adequate swimming pool and coaches so that they can bring glory to the State as a whole. .
On the other hand, Bah Synrem said that this action of the police chief is a misuse of power against the people and should be strongly condemned.
Shillong: Today, the rainfall in the state has been heavy.
She has refused to participate in the upcoming two tournaments due to her current vacation and the spending of her days with her family. and friends as well.
“I don't believe it when I went to see the place where the house collapsed or was painted, but all these are the arrangements of the Creator,” said Bah Renik.
Tympang Club opened the scoring in the 8th minute through Pynshai Chyrmang, but Ïaineh Suchiang equalized for Pasyih Cultural. in the 20th minute.
The CSWO said the Meghalaya government should order the DGP, SPs and DCs to investigate immediately and send the report to the NGT in the Supreme Court.
They also expressed their condolences to the family members of the young woman and prayed for the condolences from God.
Meghalaya, which is the owner of the tournament, has shown the world that it has improved rapidly in the tournament by climbing from the sixth position in 2018 to the fourth position with 36 points. gold medals which is 12 times what they won in
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 25: The burning and burning of hills and forests has affected the environment, the surrounding area, wildlife, living things and at the same time has polluted the environment. The wind has also threatened the lives of people, property, livestock and it has been found that people are more likely to set fire to the hills and forests in West Khasi Hills. District as Mawlangkhar, Mawpun.
Speaking to reporters, Katakey said, “As the High Court has issued an order to send police from outside the state before the 27th, my duty is to find out. The Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) has sent 10 battalions of the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) to patrol the areas.
For this reason, the office of BDO Mawkynrew has held this public hearing at this village.
She said that due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the past two years, women have not come forward to vaccinate, but the goal of the Intensified Mission Indradhanush 4.0 is to vaccinate women with disabilities. and infants under 2 years of age.
Jowai, Nailar 09: The garbage dump in Iawthymme Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, one of the markets under the jurisdiction of the JHADC, has resumed for several days. and the people were afraid of the cleansing of the garbage.
However, at the start of the second half, Nongrim Hills had a chance to take the ball to the end of the goal of Laitkor SC, which was saved by the goalkeeper and players. After Laitkor, they immediately turned to the end of Nongrim Hills and Laitkor through Evangel Kharkongor managed to turn the ball around.
UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy said that if the UDP comes to power, it will bring a different way of thinking in terms of employment for the youth.
Lumputhoi SC, Rymbai Pohskur SC, Pamra Paithlu SC and Musniang SC have been promoted to the 2nd Division this season. He laid the foundation stone of the Rongjeng Stadium in East Garo Hills in the presence of Minister Shakliar Warjri, MLAs Jim Sangma and Rupert Momin.
Almost every night, bolero pickups transport goods to the Bangladesh border and this increases the demand for goods and the price of goods increases due to the shortage of goods in stock.
Airikmenlang Shabong won three medals including two silver medals in the left and right hand category in the 50kg youth category. Rnong medal in the senior category.
He said that these days it is heard that if the VPP wins, it will abolish the district council, but it should be remembered that if the district council is lost, governance and customs will disappear.
Earlier, the state government had banned the sale of Maggi Noodles after finding that many of these foods were not suitable for consumption and had also sent other foods to Guwahati for testing.
Throughout the day, the elders who gave speeches, gave their support and encouragement to the new party. Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum also spoke on the foundation of the party. The reason for the reorganization of the party is because there are many reasons why the party wants to work for the welfare of the people of Ri Bhoi.
“The Lineage Act, 1997 does not prohibit the issuance of ST status to anyone who applies to take the lineage of the father or mother, and the taking of the lineage of the husband by a husband who does not The Khasi are the ones who are allowed.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: Ka Umladkhur Village Council for the first time has held a Shad Sukra to celebrate before the farming season.
Another problem caused by the sale of land, said Challam, is that the Iawmusiang Complex has not been completed for decades.
The Ganol Hydroelectric Project, located on the Ganol River near Tura, has installed three turbines to generate electricity, one unit of which will generate 7.5 MW. days, while a couple more will be operational in a few months.
Drinking plenty of water is essential for people who are affected by high blood pressure. Some of the following foods should be avoided for those with high blood pressure or hypertension Mluh : Those with high blood pressure pressure or any signs of high blood pressure should be avoided because milk is high in sodium.
He said that the price of budam and oyster is not expensive while the price of Shiitake is about 1200 tyngka per kilo.
In this meeting, the chiboon of the pnah-thylliej from all over Jaintia Hills was held.
B.K.Dey Shillong-
Everyone should do their own work and not interfere with the ASHAs who are their assistants in the work.
“One of the issues is the implementation of the state reservation policy in the Academic Reservation by the state government. The government has dismissed the students because they have not completed their studies”.
If God doesn't do anything, humanity on earth will be destroyed by this current disease, which, although they say, was invented by some evil scientists. ) whose wisdom is almost equal to the wisdom of God.
Histolis Pathaw, Rangbah Shnong of Laitjem, Jlandis Lyngdoh President of 16 villages, Samla Biangbor, Organizing Secretary KSU CEC, Samla Donald V Thabah, General Secretary KSU CEC and The meeting was conducted by Shngain Sohkhlet, President Upper Shillong Circle.
They slammed the leaders of the state who came out to protest against the incident at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) in New Delhi while they do not believe in the incident in their own state which affected the people of suffering or suffering.
At the beginning of the second half, the match was the same due to the strength of both the teams and there were times when they tried to score but could not and it was in the last minutes of the first half. In the second half, Weilyngkut Area scored the first goal and in the last minutes Weilyngkut Area beat Krang Area 2-0
Pyndenumiong branch is one of the few branches in Mairang area which has joined the branch of the Seng Kur Warjri after arrangements have been made to take over the lyngkor of the Seng Kur Warjri. region long.
The Jowai By-Pass Road has been deteriorating due to the presence of heavy potholes which have caused problems to vehicles and sometimes they have fallen into the potholes and stopped completely. This incident occurred due to the poor condition of the road.
The HLC was set up by the State Government to find ways and means to relocate the Metor Area from Iewmawlong Area after the incident in
We have many exceptionally talented men and women among us who have risen in many ways.
Until now, these ancient matti are still in Nongkseh.
The Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, today announced that the 16th Children's Tournament of the Seng Khasi Seiñraij has been postponed.
Shillong: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, together with Home Minister Amit Shah, will visit Shillong on 7th October 2023 for the swearing-in ceremony of the new Prime Minister. of Meghalaya and the new Cabinet at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
He said that this training center has been running for three years and more than 1,000 people have been trained.
“Kenneth Swer urged all the workers to fight without fear or hesitation to get their rights because there is a law that protects them.
August: Recently,a video of a boy went viral through the social media like WhatsApp and Facebook.
He said that due to the current situation, it is necessary to consider the expenditure of funds for the purpose of providing for the fight against COVID-1
Mawphlang, October 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday renovated the structure of the Heritage Village in Mawphlang.
John F Kharshiing and others were welcomed by Dr. S Shrivastav, Assistant Director, Sports Department, Government of Madhya Pradesh. NRAI and MP Rifles Association.
Out of the 18 cases, 13 are from East Khasi Hills and these include 3 high risk contacts, one from Bishnpur, one from Laitumkhrah, 2 from Nongthymmai, cases from Pohkseh and 2 cases from Rynjah.
Chief speakers at the meeting were Shanbor Nongphud, General Secretary, Robert Benison Wahlang, Chief Organizer, S.K.
Later, Jeremiah condemns those who would exploit the day laborers: “Cursed be the man that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and maketh it great by iniquity; who makes his fellow citizens work without work, and who does not pay them...But you can see only your own interests; (Jeremiah 22:13, 17) (iii) Inclusive growth - Leviticus 25:3 -36, says clearly- “If any of your neighbors becomes poor and can no longer support himself, you must help him...so that he may become your neighbor”.
Although the court has issued orders from time to time, the government has not done anything to combat the scientists so that illegal mining can be stopped,” the High Court said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of Electricity, P.Bakshi IAS today issued a notice banning any strike in essential works. the public.
He informed the Superintendent of Police (CB) Jowai, the CI (W) of Jowai and the OC of Jowai PS. He said that this is a plot by Ma Don Rymbai to defeat the complaint lodged by the JYF against him for corruption in JHADC including the payment of land fees in Khlieh Tyrshi. Arlin Dkhar, President JYF Women's Wing, has received this information through RTI.
The government's claim to be a “religious institution” is true.
He recalled that it has not been an easy task for the state independence activists in their struggle for Meghalaya, but what is needed is that all should take a decision to surrender. and to work hard for the development of Meghalaya so that it can see progress in all aspects.
At the same time, Titossterwell suggested to the Prime Minister to strengthen the MCCL which is currently in crisis.
These former UDP supporters were welcomed and honored by Congress candidate Nehemayah Tyngkan at a meeting held at the hall of Iooksi Iapkhla village on the 4th of this month.
He said that the animals they killed were distributed to all those who went to eat.
Moonlight Pariat, who also raised many questions especially on the construction of Iawmusiang, moved a motion on the Rules of Procedure of the EC under the leadership of MB Rymbai.
On this occasion, the residents took part in planting trees around the village to improve the environment and the organization also distributed musari to the poor families in the village.
Probi Engty, President of the Youth Festival, informs all the youth of the area as well as foreigners who intend to take part in this Youth Festival, that they should not have any feelings, but urged them. He also urged the residents of the area to take good care of themselves and to follow the precautionary measures against the COVID-19 pandemic. - 19 which has caused trouble in the country and the whole world.
Silva scored in the 11th minute, Aquero in the 48th minute and Gundogan in the 86th minute.
Furthermore, corruption will be less and can be completely eliminated,” he added.
This attempt by the army to cross the border has angered the residents of Khliehshnong, Rngi Shyllong, which still falls under the Nongkrem constituency.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Police (KSU) held a meeting at Ichamati at 3 pm yesterday and immediately after the meeting, a clash broke out. between KSU members and foreigners in the area.
According to the order, the order will apply to public vehicles as well as private vehicles.
Nongpoh: The BDO Umsning Block, Umsning Block, has lodged a complaint against the robbers who tried to damage the office by throwing stones at the office rooms in Umsning.
Referring to the ILP, he said it died because the leaders of 13 political parties killed the ILP. Anthony said that the meeting with Mukul Sangma on the 15th was for the ILP Deal. “From the 15th, the ILP has been implemented. However, he said that the HYC will be the party to revive the ILP, to bring back the fervor of patriotism among the youth of the country.
Consciousness Susngi 11.
The driver of the truck, Bah Direct Syiemlieh, 50, who was sitting alone, was shocked and lost consciousness.
During the inspection, the Seng found that the office is open only on Fridays.
In terms of the Indian Police Service Act, Meghalaya is still in the joint cadre with Assam and there are no senior officers in the police department to take over the post of Director General of Police. Police (DGP) if they are not in the Batch of the Assam Police Manual Act.
In this regard, the HYC on Monday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, where it expressed its surprise to learn that the factory M/S MD Ferro Alloys of Bah Donboklang War of Mawlait-Nonglum Village has gone ahead to implement this factory at Sohlad Umjaru Village, Rwiang Nongstoin Syiemship without holding a Public Hearing, where the factory has been set up.
The Office for National Statistics says there have been 217 deaths in nursing homes in England and Wales in the past two months alone, as of 3 June , will continue to follow, as the days go by, in which the cause of their deaths cannot be confirmed, due to the lack of equipment, which should be tested for the coronavirus.
He said that many of our people have been attacked in all aspects in the border areas from the forced land grabbing and smuggling in the trade and others. The duty of the army is to protect against border crossings, smuggling and also the persecution of fellow citizens in the border villages, he added.
In Singapore, the number of births in 2022 is only 35,605 and the number of deaths this year is 26,891, the highest number of deaths since
Pradhan said this at a meeting attended by the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and others held at NEHU on the 21st of this month.
It is on this same basis that Nicodemus was still in the flesh and did not understand anything spiritual.
About 16 teams from different clubs have come to take part in this tournament.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner said that the District Administration is ready to call and listen to talk for cooperation in this regard as the traffic jam has affected the people. , and it is through understanding that problems can be resolved.
Lyngdoh said that he has already set up 32 polling booth committees across the constituency, where the office bearers and members are fully qualified to work in each polling station. that they don't.
Regarding the demand of the RBYF, the Branch Manager of MRB, promised to take action in talks with the higher authorities, in order to implement the demand of the RBYF to set up an ATM in Umsning. .
It is through these stories that the word 7 Trep does not refer only to the Khasi but to all the people who live in the sky and the earth.
The arrested were identified as Joyel Das, Pronoy Mazozumdar, Gaurav Gupta, Karnajit Sarkar, Sujit Sarkar, Tutal Sarkar and Sanjit Sarkar.
"“We demand an explanation of the list of drugs brought (to Marten) as the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, 1940 and the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, 1945 state that damaged drugs must be disposed of. “The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Government and the companies supplying the drugs we don't know yet,” he said. said.
Prof Goyal has pioneered the Certificate Course in Business Management Program for Army Officers, Post Graduate Certificate in Human Resource Management and Post Graduate Certification in Advanced General Management. he earned a Master of Business Administration.
He said that it is shocking to see that there are some parties which only three months after the end of the elections they use the people to bring out the meetings when the people have entrusted them to defend the elections. their problem.
The incident happened at Larnai village under Thadlaskein Block.
Conrad said that in recent times, India has undergone many changes and while the country as a whole has moved forward, the North East and states like Meghalaya have never experienced such a change. this economic growth have been able to be part of the economic growth and achievements of this great country.
In Arunachal Pradesh, its MLAs have joined the BJP. In Nagaland, most of its MLAs have joined the BJP. There are now only two MLAs in two states. ,that is, in Manipur and Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM) Jowai Circle would like to thank the JSM for taking the responsibility to build the roads to prevent the garbage from flowing into the river.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday said that Congress President Vincent H. Pala's statement on the party's readiness to form a government with the MDA-2 is only to get seats in the elections. lad newspaper.
Therefore, the family members of the deceased are requested to inform the following numbers: 9615020997, 9862062501 and
Marak also recalled that the CAA was introduced by the BJP-led government to allow minorities from the seven countries to settle in India.
If the law enforcement agencies are weak, where will the people flee for protection? long people.
“We can no longer understand the courage of these Khar from Bangladesh, in which they dare to enter the kwai farms near the villages, we will not talk about those farms near Bangladesh, because even if we “It's good to avoid being stolen, but they can still steal the kwai from the tree,” said the rangbah.
Anyone who finds these chart papers and holders please call these mobile numbers 8787337619 /
Speaking to media, Bah Ricky Majaw, Publicity Secretary, Asst Publicity Secretary, North Khasi Hills District, Samla Banroy Wahlang, said that the party is deeply saddened by the release of prisoners. They are still undergoing treatment and the people who have gone for treatment at the hospital have caused panic among the people.
Conrad said this while responding to a question by the Congress MLA from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
The Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Pa'iem Patrick Syiemïong and the two organizations conducted an inspection at Bakhlapara village. The Works Department of the Assam Government has illegally constructed a 1.203 kilometer road funded by the Assam Government under the Chief Minister Pakipath Nirman Achani Scheme at a cost of Rs 71.59 lakh.
Dr War said that this person has not been counted among the deaths and will be informed once the NEIGRIHMS hospital informs.
It is therefore up to the state governments to enforce the existing laws so that the people can no longer use plastic in the states.
He said the government will consider how to rebuild the C&RD Block as there are still places where people still have to walk 50 to 60 kilometers to reach their workplaces.
According to information received, officials of the Assam government, came to lay the foundation stone at 12 noon, for the purpose of laying the foundation stone. to build the I.B of the Forest Department.
Mawkyrwat, June 28: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit MLA of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) from Nongkrem Constituency today visited Mawkyrwat to explain to the public the issues and principles of the VPP. The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
The scheme from the office of the Ministry of Agriculture has no meaning.
Min Aung Hlaing, the chief of staff of the Myanmar army, is currently in power.
“There are many people who have recovered from various diseases who have come for treatment and medicine at this hospital. I don't want to drink,” said Bah Rynjah.
Others who attended the ceremony were Assistant Executive Engineer Markus Pohsnem as the chief guest, Headmaster of St. Joseph's Secondary School Nongtalang Babu Anthony Pohrmen, teachers of the school, elders, leaders of the area, school officials and others.
During the expulsion of the Magistrate, it was heard in the video that some of the residents expressed their anger by saying, “Why do you stop like that and run away”.
Shillong: MeECL employees, who are under the banner of CCORMAU, have announced various strikes under the banner of MeECL. meeting, which they held, on November 11, 2020.
The appointment of the Governors will take effect from the date they take up office.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: “If I win, the CRPF will be withdrawn from Mawlai within three months,” said Bah Teiborlang Pathaw while speaking at an election campaign rally to seek the support of the voters of Mawlai. Nongpdeng which was held on Friday evening.
She said that the purpose of the program is to educate the public not to fall victim to counterfeit goods, but to know their rights and the accuracy of the goods they buy. and daily food where the public can also complain if they find suspicious goods through the app on mobile phones.
Shillong, June 07: The State Government has seized more than 50,000 metric tonnes of coal from East Jaintia Hills in the past three months.
He said there are many issues of the council that need to be discussed but the most important issue to be discussed now is how to increase the revenue of the council.
Many of these workers have left today with the intention of returning home, as the curfew has ended today, the report said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang congratulated Bah Pynshailang for his progress and to make the most of his God-given talent.
The days, months, years pass quickly but if we look at the demands that the political parties, from time to time come out to demand, to implement them is very easy and there are also demands. which have not yet been fulfilled.
On the same issue, the HPF has also visited the area and also to meet with the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem to express their strong opposition to the Hima's permission to build shops in this narrow area. spirit is the way of man.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Four candidates for the mid-term MDC elections have filed their nomination papers today. Lambor Nongrum son of Late BB Rai from Nongkrem constituency, Hispreacheringson Shylla son of EHD Bamon from Nongkrem constituency. Wankupar Syiemlieh son of Lestar Wanniang will contest from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency.
On Monday, it was found that some people were burning garbage at Thomas Jones Syndon College, which is against the order of the National Green Tribunal and the Solid Waste Management Rules public places.
The Prime Minister arrived at Umroi for half an hour, as he needed to meet with the British High Commissioner.
They demanded that only Garo should be allowed to participate in the GHADC elections like the KHADC and JHADC where only Khasi and Jaintia participate.
Meghalaya's players are Jason Lamare (C), Punit Singh Bisht (V-C, WK), Mark Ingty, Amiangshu Sen, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Gurinder Singh, Chengkam Sangma, Yogesh Nagar, Abhay Negi, Raj Biswa, Lakhan Singh, Bablu. Passah, Wallambok Nongkhlaw, Dipu Sangma, Rajesh Tati (WK), managers – Mukund G (coach), Rakesh Gohil (trainer), Dr Vinod Kumar Jain (physio), Mawkordor Synrem (manager).
He also praised the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP for taking care and promoting sports in the state.
Especially for processed products such as shynrai powder, sohmrit or umsoh, a variety of packaging methods should be available – small, medium and large so that buyers can afford to buy and especially for new customers. get started mad.
The owner of the house, Karbar Tyngkan, has lodged a complaint with Phramer Police Station on Friday alleging that Ashutus Kumar has locked his house from inside and has not opened it. home.
This inability to provide UCs shows that the relevant authorities have not been able to explain how the money has been spent in the past years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Khanduli Yooshida Nongspung said that the residents of Khanduli area should not go to Assam to get their needs and the Karbi people should not enter Khanduli area. The Council (KAAC) has not yet removed the signboard.
He said that in recent years, human rights violations have decreased compared to the past.
At about 2 pm, a 'Noh Sakyriat' ceremony was held, in which Ngaitlang Dhar, former MLA Umroi who is also the son-in-law of Raij Ialong, was the chief guest.
HYC President Shembor Langrin also asked the District Administration why it has allowed or permitted to hold a khwai competition along the highway which has caused disruption to the traffic.
Nongpoh, July 31: As one of the young Kyokushin Karate players from Ri Bhoi District, it is an honor that in the midst of his desire to improve in this sport, he has been able to They were able to win a tournament in Kolkata.
Marak on 4th November 2013 along with writings according to letter no.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has said it is up to the expert committee to discuss the reservation policy.
He said that the number of people who have joined the party especially leaders and members from various parties to the BJP is a testimony to the hope that there will be many supporters from the state to continue. to support the BJP ahead of the 2023 elections.
Mizoram has lost its District Council with the allocation of 371G under Paragraph 20A of the Sixth Schedule.
The Superintendent of Police said that there are still some people involved in this incident who are on the run and the search is ongoing to arrest them.
Shlur Mukhim President of FKJGP-WJC in his speech said that the state dispensary which is almost 50 years old has been abandoned for a long time by the authorities. only this one in the country, Jaintia Hills, has not been promoted yet.
Referring to the merger of the UCC with the Polygamy Act, the Chief Minister of Assam said that the UCC is new to making polygamy an illegal act against people and this is still “There is a discussion on which way to go,” he said.
“We demand that the written test should be suspended and all the test centers and interviews should be held in the places and cities in the North East,” said the President of the KSU. Daniel Khyriem in a statement sent to the Chairman and Managing Director of NEEPCO on Thursday.
It doesn't end that much.
Police of East Khasi Hills ANTF under the leadership of Bah Sandra Nongdhar, MPS on 20th October, arrested two persons with heroin weighing 139.98 grams from Happy Valley, Shillong.
Taking part in the discussion on the budget, Congress MDC from Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the Council's financial problems are very serious.
(Where there is a will, there is a way).
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya Frontier has organized the Inter-Frontier Judo Cluster Competition 2023, which will be held for three days from 21st to 25th of this month at NEHU. Shillong.
According to him, there are more than 10 MLAs from other parties including the TMC who have come to apply for tickets from the NPP now so that they can prepare for the upcoming elections and also to get tickets. I don't have a party that I don't have.
One of the Congress MLAs, Shivakumar, in his speech, said, “I have only one wife and one house”.
Peace is essential.
There are some who have thrown the last stick, this is wrong.
They are only animals, but they do not dare to follow blindly those who are too little in knowledge.
We will see what the government thinks about us and we will talk to our people and if they agree, we will act according to the government's proposal,” he said. without talking about any proposal or knowing the place where we will stay"
It is a great sin to do so.
Shillong, Nailar 25: Two MUA-II Ministers including the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Land Affairs, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, have resigned today. the Health of Mr. AL Hek.
“What made me take this part is that I saw that there are no women from 1-Shillong Lok Sabha to become the leaders of the Lok Sabha. how and to take this part,” said Kong Iborina.
“At present, almost all the Meghalaya-Assam border areas are filled with commercial Assam vehicles and it is unacceptable that the Assam police have forced vehicles from Meghalaya, when they go to Assam, because what the Assam police have done, has caused conflict between Meghalaya and Assam,” said Bah Marcus Marten.
There were a few that were published in the newspaper and some that could not be published due to lack of space.
He never appeared at public meetings but handed over to his people and this lack of cooperation and corruption has made it doubtful for the MDA candidate to win the seat from Sohra.
Shillong, November 02: A Magic Cook warehouse at Garikhana has collapsed on Saturday morning.
According to the latest reports, the Dkhars from Assam continue to throw bombs in the quarries during the morning and evening hours, without the knowledge of the owners.
For decades, our nation has blindly followed and believed whatever foreigners say or sign.
The pre-quarter match will be held on October 27,
At the meeting, Conrad also launched the book Meghalaya Close to the Heart, which is a book on music in the state.
“I believe that even Dr. DD Lapang will always be sorry for many of the violent actions of Mukul Sangma in the state, where many of the Congress MLAs have had to leave the state. “Even the President of the MPCC has understood that the Congress has no hope in the state, let alone the people and the people,” said Conrad Sangma.
However, when it was my turn, he took a lot of time and said unpleasant words and sent away my clothes which I refused to do,” said the woman.
When asked what he would do if the government implements the Bill, Bah Pasi said that even if it passes, we will not implement it, we will implement it according to the customs and traditions.
He also alleged that Bah Ardent is like a lymbit because he has already joined the UDP, HSPDP, Congress and now the VPP. and the birds he says have sner, if he goes with the animals he says there is a body with shñiuh and strong bones.
Remember that the greatest sin that cannot be forgiven is the sin of unbelief.
But the time will come when he will be thrown down to the earth, and from the earth to hell.
“There is a Trading By Non-Tribals Regulation Act to prevent this.
It is true to hear that the current elections are different from the elections of 15 years ago, the methods of election campaigning are very different these days.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today recognized the National People's Party (NPP) as a national party and not a regional party.
Shillong, October 2: The Meghalaya Division Bench of the High Court has postponed the hearing of the case of CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who has challenged the decision of the High Court on the suspension of the rights of Rangbah. Village.
The GB4 Championship was opened in November 2021 and is currently in its second season using Tatuus F4-T014 vehicles. used to participate in the Italian, ADAC and Spanish F4 series.
Not all of them are like that but most of them are like that. Not only that, many children and young people don't have time to spend time with their parents because they have to pursue education.
Arunachal Pradesh scored 89 runs for the loss of six wickets, with Abhishek taking three wickets.
After the arrest of these three persons, the Ri Bhoi Police are conducting further investigation.
At the same time, we must talk and create ways to eradicate this disease in society.
He said that in the coming months, the Patient Management System will be launched in the state to monitor the condition of patients treated in various hospitals in the state.
The Times Now ETG Research has given the BJP 3 to 7 seats, the Congress 6 to 11 seats and the NPP 11 to 16 seats. Congress and NPP 18 to 26 seats. The Zee News Matrize gives BJP 6 to 11 seats, Congress 3 to 6 seats, NPP 21 to 26 seats, TMC 8 to 13 seats and TMC 10 to 19 seats. .
She also urged the public to lodge a complaint with the union if they find such illegal activities. She also warned the trucks carrying smuggled cattle that if found, they will be punished.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that although the government has allowed the mining and transportation of coal, the mining is a new method of mining according to the modern science and only those Those who have received the license to mine coal have been a great blessing to the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Chairman of the Nongthymmai Pyllun Rangbah Shnong Association, Bah WB Najer, on Tuesday said that it would be very difficult if the Tenancy Bill was implemented, as all the houses would fall under the jurisdiction of the Deputy. The Commissioner and the powers of Rangbah Shnongs and householders no longer exist.
On the occasion of the 1st Anniversary of the VO, a cake was cut as a sign of the 1st Anniversary of the VO. encourage women to start their own businesses and stand on their own feet through their SHGs.
According to the Sohra MLA, health is the most important thing in human life and it is up to the government to take care of it.
Margin Profit Rs.1.50 Per Liter).
It is easy to think but it is more difficult to do.
Other speakers who encouraged the HANM included Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, EAC, HANM, P.Wanniang, Secretary Koland Lyngdoh. of Mawlangwir Village and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: U Pastor NS Phawa on Tuesday said that the entry of foreigners into the state should have rules and regulations.
The tournament was inaugurated by Anthony Umiong President Maweit Circle and General Secretary Endrius Ryntong, General Secretary of the Circle, in the presence of members of Maweit Circle and especially Area Unit Nongtraw.
He said that the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB), 2016 which the people of the state and the North East are opposed to, will stand against it with all their might.
Therefore, you must have a lot of knowledge and a lot of sorrow.
Jongksha FC beat Khapmaw FC 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament by Pyrkharborlang Kharsahnoh. 63rd minute.
At the meeting, Rani Kurbah, Deiwi Tongper and Purity Phawa were elected as the leaders and the general meeting of the women's organization was scheduled to be held on the 3rd July at 11am in the morning.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 30: The Voice of the People of South West Khasi Hills District today with slogans and slogans to change the Reservation Policy (RP) in Meghalaya, marched to the residence of the MLA. Mawkyrwat Constituency is located in Mawkyrwat District.
Major General S. Murugesan, General Officer Commanding Red Horn Division, MLA Nongpoh Constituency Bah Mayralborn Syiem, Conel PP Sharma, Commanding Officer of the Farmers World Cup 2022 were also present. 1st Assam Regiment, Brigadier T.S Hothi, Previous Commanding, Spear head Brigade, Brigadier K.M Shinde, Shaurya Chakra Commander, Spearhead Brigade.
He said that the road has been covered with snow and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people who use the road.
“He also said that we should be vigilant because this is something that has been planned by someone from outside which cannot be understood.
The new office bearers of the Mukhla Dorbar Pyllun: President Hamran D. Shylla Vice President Arwis Lyngdoh General Secretary Hachwa Suna Assistant Secretary Wanbha Lyngdoh Treasurer Reymond Suna Jowai MLA Wailad Shylla and Ailad Bhoi MDC D. Emjingmut Pariat as Advisers of the General Assembly.
It is very sad to see these Laingut children of the deceased Longkmie, besides being young, because the eldest brother is 7 years old followed by 5 years old. and the youngest is a boy who is about 3 years old, because besides the suffering they have suffered from poverty, but now they are suffering from the Apot Sepsngi, that is, they have lost their father and mother.
As we know, Meghalaya has two ethnic groups, Garo and Khasi-Pnar.
The members of the Committee also held a meeting where they discussed several issues related to the steps to take forward.
The leader of the Sengbhalang said that if the government continues to talk about other issues related to the influx or the arrival of mynder, the Sengbhalang will not be able to talk to anyone. They decided today that if the government does not implement the ILP demands, various political parties will take up continuous protests until the government agrees.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Bah David Lyngdoh, formerly known as Bah Jyllud, who used to break into houses to rape women, has been arrested by the Meghalaya Police. Another Jyllud was born at NEHU, Shillong.
Later, farmers received the benefits they received for expanding the cultivation of crops, such as beehives, medicine lights and seed boxes.
Jesus said Matt 5:31-32, “It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.
The party leaders said that most of these MLAs are from rural constituencies.
Mawkyrwat, July 15: Unidentified robbers have broken into the gate and stolen money from the office of the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Shillong, November 13: The special session of the KHADC to divide the new constituencies will be held tomorrow.
The village has a nurse, a nurse, a midwife and a medicine man.
Is this arrangement in accordance with the Pud u Sam of our State? Have you ever been touched? Do the state leaders in these areas accept it? For 50 years our state has been without a proper Pud u Sam.
“My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my words.21 Let them not depart from thine eyes; For they are life unto them that find them, and health to all their flesh. 24 Remove from thee a froward tongue, and put far from thee a perverse lips: 25 Let thine eyes look straight ahead, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee; before me.
In a statement, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw said, “The purpose of this notice is to announce the decision that the HNLC has withdrawn from the negotiating table.
Frank M.Pughx's father.
He said the NPP does not promise those who cannot do it, but will promise only those who can do it.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Block Congress, Albinus Kharbani, said that once the Block has approved a person, the ticket goes directly to him.
The time has come to surprise not only the youth of the state, but also the parents, grandparents should take responsibility in their homes because all this starts from the beginning. and they shall appear again outside for the judgment of the world.
Many of the Eagles players went to congratulate the Panthers captain on his departure.
There will be two matches today, the first match will start at 11:30 pm between Imson SC and Nongrah SC followed by the second match at 2:15 pm between Sohiong SC. Shillong, November 13: The Meghalaya Softball Association (MSA) on Tuesday announced the 3rd Meghalaya Open Softball Championship 2023 against Jongksha SC. The men's category was won by Mawsynram from East Khasi Hills while the women's category was won by Jowai from West Jaintia Hills.
According to a report released recently by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), the water is high in chemicals and is not suitable for human consumption.
“These roads were announced in 2010 and JICA will provide funds especially for the bridges,” he said, adding that the companies to be implemented have also been asked to prepare Detailed Project Reports (DPRs). of this project.
In these times, we are living in days of trouble, struggles from time to time and years, and as the days and years go by, the poor get poorer and the rich get richer .
Not only that, he also moved to Delhi, where he took out several vehicles and this caused him to walk around and not only that, he started drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes. .
Meghalaya will play against Maharashtra tomorrow while Kerala will play on the 4th of this month.
On this occasion, the school also invited the leaders who have donated to the school especially the incumbent MLA who has been appointed from the MLA scheme to build the hostel.
But now, they have been exposed for their lies and they are showing religious and ethnic differences,” said Rao.
Finally, the beginning of the emergence of the newest party in the state, the All India Trimapool Congress (AITMC), through the merger of 12 MLAs of the INC is very surprising and now we have seen it as one of the parties that will be the most competitive in 2023.
In the afternoon, the main part of the Behdeiñkhlam was held at Aitnar at the sacred pond, where the elders under the leadership of Pator offered thanksgiving to the Syiem of Aitnar.
Participants should maintain good manners especially in parking and cooperate with the Committee.
The DC's office has taken this decision as part of the implementation of the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare as part of the fight against the corona virus by restricting public gatherings especially in the city. Shillong.
However, as soon as the distribution of slips started, the people turned up to fight and in this struggle to distribute slips, one woman fell and was beaten by the brothers who were waiting for the slips until she died.
Ltd to hold a public hearing on the 19th March 2019 at Brichyrnot village to quarry coal from a quarry located at Brichyrnot village. The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) Yoomeki Kyndait and Rimi Dkhar, Secretary UHM-EJHD have expressed their opposition to the proposal of Star Cement to mine coal. The incident occurred at Brichyrnot Village in Narpuh District.
The demand before the rainy season is that the state government through the PWD department should provide a puh shilum or JCB so that the people can travel safely.
Speaking to media after the inspection meeting on the preparations for the festival which will start on Thursday, the DC said that security personnel have been deployed to inspect the entrance. The volunteers of the village will also assist especially in terms of parking spaces to ensure that the visitors to the festival will not face any problems and affect the traffic.
However, in response, GAD Minister HDR Lyngdoh denied this and said the government has not received any information that there are unpaid employees.
And he said unto them, In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. If I go to prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; i am me, you can be me too.
In the second match at 1:00 PM, Lakadong Umlatdoh SCSC beat Lion SCC Borghat 2-0 goals.
He said the party has nothing to say on other amendments to the VAB, but only sub-section 16 should not be repealed.
He also spoke on the need for a change in the rule of law because at present we see only the evils that affect the nation.
Sakhet Gokhale, spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), tweeted that the Meghalaya government has set fire to the entire village of Kalibari on the India-Bangladesh border. , just for the fact that there are some residents, who do not pay for electricity at all.
Health and education are the mainstays of economic development, but unfortunately in Meghalaya these are the two departments that have been neglected, therefore the people should ask What policies do the candidates have to strengthen and improve these departments? The citizens of the State have the right to know and through discussions they can understand and analyze before they elect Public Servants or MLAs. At the age of 50, what does the State need? The State must move forward, for the State to grow and develop we must first fight against and eliminate the politics of distribution.
NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has expressed deep concern over the increase in the government's debt since -16.
The son of Kong Lyngdoh said that all the belongings in the house were destroyed.
Paul Wanbok Pariat, 54, of Baniun Block-I, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 30th July and died on 20th July from covid-19 pneumonia.
Therefore, we should always wash our hands with soap before touching them.
Jowai: Three persons including the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and a member of Amlanai Village in Amlarem Sub-Division have been killed.
“I take this opportunity to urge them not to disrupt the service which will cause problems to the residents who need the service in times of emergency.
He said that the curfew called by the party is illegal and therefore, those who support it will be punished for collaborating with the party, which is illegal.
Nongpoh, July 27: U Bah Charles Marngar MDC Mawhati Constituency today inaugurated the classroom of Mawkathiang Makdoh Secondary School at Umpohwin Village in Ri-Bhoi District. classes at the school for the benefit of the students and to continue to improve education in the area.
He also distributed awards to the cow farmers and cooperative societies for their achievements in promoting this industry in the state.
He said that it is not known whether the fire broke out from the Karbi area or not, but the Karbi alleged that it was burnt by the residents of Lapangap.
The school also invites all the alumni of the school and all the residents of the school to come and take part in this celebration.
There are cases where those information releases really affect those MLAs until they lose their support and lose the election.
The Advisers were elected by Bah P. Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong Umden.
Shillong, Nailur 8: The HSPDP will hold a meeting on Tuesday morning to discuss the UDP's demand to remove Bah Ardent Basa from the post of CEM and hand over to another.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongbri said that he has come forward to support the NPP candidate from Mawlai constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw who will contest the upcoming elections because of the work he has done. the neighborhood and the whole region.
She said that this has opened the door to employment for the youth of the state at a time when there is a shortage of employment in the state every day.
The notification was issued by the Assam Government by dividing the villages of Nongphyllut Dolloiship (Block-1) of Jowai Civil Sub-Division into United Cachar and Mikirs Hills. The Forum said in a petition signed by Chairman Chandame Sungoh and Secretary Purity Phawa.
However, after many meetings held by the union in the past few days, the union has agreed to strike and to cooperate and support the MJACCV on this strike in the state.
The Minister also launched various programs such as MegARISE, Meghalaya State Organic Mission 2.0 and distributed funds under Green Meghalaya and FoCUS. agriculture and environmental protection worth up to T.400 crore.
The Chief Minister expressed the hope that this social agreement will greatly assist the state in terms of electricity supply in the state.
In the struggle to lead from the front, when they turned around, they found that there were no followers because everyone had risen to the throne to appoint another king from outside the party.
When those who belonged to Him (the Jews) did not accept Jesus, Jesus had to turn to the Gentiles.
Nongpoh, March 14: The relatives of a deceased man have been forced to bury him in a cemetery in Umrit Village. The land dispute between Lumrit and Lumdiengngan villages has reached the border until the deceased man was forbidden to be buried in the cemetery.
The Garo, when they heard this, agreed and clapped their hands.
Modi's visit to the church and to take part in the Easter celebrations of the Catholic Church has completely refuted many allegations that the BJP and Modi are anti-Christian.
In South Garo Hills, 7 cases are at high risk.
Shillong, November 16 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has announced that the Public Hearing for the two constituencies of Mairang and Mawthadraishan constituencies will be held at November, 2023 at the Conference Hall of EE PHE (RWS) Mairang and not at the Circuit House as announced earlier.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government's target is to increase the number of examinations from 90 to 370 per day from July
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 16: Abdullah Hussain, who was arrested by the Ri Bhoi District Police yesterday, is not a resident of Ladrymbai Village as he claimed, but a resident of Ladrymbai Khliehdupon. He is the only one who has come to sell shops in Ladrymbai.
Shillong, November 4: The State Government, in its meeting on 13th November 2013, chaired by Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has decided to spend T.15,247.89 lakh. to improve the drainage and wastewater management in Shillong.
Speaking to media, KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait said, “We have decided to request the Government of India through the Ministry of Home Affairs to take action to introduce an official Bill in the next session of Parliament as this will be a step towards the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Khadar Constitution of India.
At the same time, the union urges the village leaders, village youth wing and village volunteers to ensure that there will be no entry of foreigners into their villages.
"“Young people of the party, you have a great responsibility to bring about change.
He said that the chairperson under section 28 (1) of the Act has the power to use the services of any officer or group or investigation department of the state government.
Dip also acknowledged that the only party that can bring about change in the country is the BJP and promised to work hard to strengthen the party and its leaders.
According to the villagers, the woman and her son left their house yesterday and walked to a house on the border. The son of the mother told her to rest for a while while he was looking for a way to deliver the goods. When he went to the place where the mother lived, he found the body of the mother covered with blood. So he cried out and ran to the house to tell the people. They ran and found the body of the woman who had been stabbed with a knife from the face, head, hands and feet. “We on the part of the union cannot help but express our sorrow and anger against the Bangladeshis and the union also expresses its condolences to the children of this woman who have lost their lives. The Seng also warns those villagers of those areas who used to trade with the Bangladeshis that they should be They should be very careful in the future to deal with them and also the villagers should not invite these Bangladeshis or lead them into the villages even though they are involved in the trade”.
On the other hand, the village condemns the former Rangbah Shnong for his actions as Rangbah Shnong, although the village has already removed him from his post.
Lajong were identified as Neithovilie Chalieu, Akash Thapa, Rajat Paul Lyngdoh, Kevinson Bareh, Muhammed Safique Ahmed, Naoroibam Romen Singh, Apborlang Kurbah, Ramdinmawia Hnamte, Temjenwati Longkumer, Kenstar Kharshong, A. Rakeshm Khongtshuh, Nongsit Singh, Kynsai Singh. Donboklang Lyngdoh, Batiplang Synteng Bamon, Ganedeon Kharhill, Jeremy Laldinpuia and Samuel J Kynshi.
The 23-year-old midfielder has been with Real Kashmir FC for three seasons after leaving Shillong Lajong last month. March of the year
Nongpoh, July 6: Following the increasing number of mobile towers installed by various companies in public places and which can also cause many kinds of diseases affecting the health through radiation, today The Ri Bhoi Students' Union (RBSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the installation of mobile phones in public places in the district.
On the other hand, the Government has decided that on the first day of the session, the Lamphang will announce the report of the Business Advisory Committee, the names to be appointed to the panel. reports and rules.
Speaking to reporters, Ratan Das, father of the child, said, “I took my wife, who was six months pregnant, to the hospital in Silchar on Tuesday evening. Doctors have informed that there are problems in this pregnancy and they want to protect the mother or the child from death”.
Nongpoh, Nailur 07: As part of the encouragement to the students who have completed their studies from the Indira Gandhi Open University (IGNOU) through the Center at Morningstar Secondary School, Nongpoh, the management of the Centre, today, For the first time, they held a ceremony to honor the students who have passed from IGNOU, including those who have passed Matric, BA and MA. Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh Constituency, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah C.Nongrum, Principal, Morningstar Secondary School, teachers and students who are currently completing various courses through IGNOU. at the Centre.
It is to be recalled that Samla Ferdyland K.Kharkamni, has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police Station for six months, after receiving a complaint from the Umiam Police Station. He said that he was involved in the assault on the OC and the Head Constable of Umiam Police Station.
It can happen again like in Nongstoin.
He urged the Executive Committee to take responsibility from now on to provide the answers so that the Proceedings of the Dorbar can be issued.
Gavin recalled that as soon as his mother came, he would say that he didn't want to go to school anymore.
The incident happened at about 9 pm this morning while these vehicles were heading from Pynursla to Laitlyngkot.
Golak Chandra Medhi, Asst. Lecturer, Jirang Govt.
From the forests to the land, we have been united in Ri Khasi Jaintia and Ri thor because our MPs don't understand Hindi when speaking in the Dorbar in Parliament and thus they have been Niangkoh nguh and approved. and raise your hand without knowing that it has been a destruction to our country and nation.
This offer is for a limited time only and is available only for certain Unlimited International Roaming Plans including 10 days plan at @3999 tyngka, 14 days at @ 4999 tyngka, and for 30 days at @5999 tyngka from 26th June, 2024, to 21st October
Noting that the farmers are our Annadata, Sitharaman said that the MSP prices for Annadata crops have been increased from time to time.
This initiative will begin soon.
The KSU Mizoram State Unit said that in Mizoram, the people put the nation first and take the religious groups to improve it.
The General Council of the PDF was held at Shillong Club in the presence of two MLAs, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem (MLA Sohra) President of the PDF, and Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA from Mawkynrew Constituency.
Shillong, Lber 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday laid the foundation stone for the New Shillong Water Supply Scheme. Processing and Disposal at Marten Mawlai and Construction of Village Roads at Mawkhanu Village, Mawpdang.
“The Ministers who have already signed the soskular have admitted that they were wrong and demanded to cancel the soskular, this has made it useless. “I cannot accept this change of language of the Hima,” said Bah Lapang.
The workshop was conducted by Ms. R. Lyndem, PTI under the Sports Department and she also read out the issues of the Draft Meghalaya Youth Policy 2021 so that the participants could discuss and give their opinions.
Upon receiving this news, the police immediately rushed to Assam to search for Bah Jop under the guidance of a friend of Bah Jop.
HNYM President Bah Louis Dohtdong in an interview with the media admitted that the 42 trucks seized by the HNYM were carrying more than 20 tonnes.
Youth is a time when you want to please yourself and not think much about others.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the Municipal has received about 500 land vendors from the areas within the city boundary.
Shillong: The Marwari Yuva Manch (MYM) together with the Marwari Samaj have inaugurated a COVID Care Unit and Quarantine Center for COVID Positives at Balika Vidyalaya School, Keating Road, Shillong.
“It is necessary that we immediately be prepared for such incidents,” he said.
After being informed by the police that the money they were trying to deposit was the money of the Area Commander of the GNLA Baichung.
He said that just because this is the election year, the people should not speak but they can speak.
Police said that the suspects were on their way from Shillong to Nongstoin with the drugs and the arrest of the suspects was later. that the ANTS police have conducted a thorough search operation.
The third son was named Siang-Am, the fourth Syngkhlien-Am and the fifth Tetia.
“This shows that the people of Shella have paid tribute to the great leader Dr Donkupar Roy and we hope that this example of Dr Don will be continued by his son,” said the General Secretary of Shella. UDP and Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
The Government of Meghalaya has remained silent on the boundary talks despite knowing that the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has set up an illegal revenue collection gate at Khanduli village. within the border of the State of Meghalaya.
An INSAS rifle was recovered from the scene.
The KJP Western Synod has suspended two of its pastors, Pastor PBM Basaiaw Moit and Pastor Kyrsoi Pyrtuh; However, we don't know the reason for their suspension, as the Synod has not given any information on the reasons for the suspension.
As a reminder, because we are discussing the Border issue in Ri Pnar and their problems, the following villages and some other villages which have not been mentioned here which fall under BLOCK-I which fell before the year 1951 in Labang Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Districts such as Khanduli, Thangrong, Deinler, Aitchrieh, Madan Nongkylla, Phlephle Myrten, Later Samayang, Arbon, Phlang, Amju, Umsalait, Later, Pdein Chargan, Moorap, Moapkhi, Sarlong Sumnor, Moori. Moowjem Chnong Thymme, Lang-et, Moorap, Lummoojem, Mokoilum Umkhyrmi, Moothade, Moorap, Khyndeliar, Khyndeliar, Madan Mynni, Nongjrong, Moorap, Lummoojem Rainfall: Raksaw, Paidong Plain, Rhikyndeng, Umplung and Psiar.
To cooperate with the management of Rangbah Shnongs/CCMTs and Incident Commanders.
The Committee for West Khasi Hills, headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs as Chairman, will arrange with the members of these Committees the time and place. the dates they will go.
It was here that the Israelites also received light by accepting and recognizing that Jesus Christ was the King of the Jews, the Messiah of Israel, whom they had rejected for thousands of years until now.
Not only the Synsar farms, but also the Sying farms have been destroyed by these cows, which have been sent by the Nepali cow farmers who live in Umru, where the cows have been destroyed. In the past few years, they used to get Phew Mon, but since the destruction, they have lost everything and have not received even a little.
He said that the government's allocation of only T.16 per day to the disabled from the Chief Minister Special Assistant Scheme 2012 is a shortcoming as many of them have not received even the 2013 allowance.
Regarding this news, Rupang has spoken to one of the departments where the people need every day, the Bank. When talking to Rupang, the Chief Manager of the State Bank of India Bara Bazar or Iewduh has asked. JS Marbaniang, Chief Manager, said that the bank will have to check the arrival of people. “If people don't come, we will open for a while and we will close and if people come we will open,” he said.
When you are drunk, you are willing to do evil deeds without having that compassion for others.
People are also among those who still lack the idea of ​​how to keep clean because they throw away the garbage as much as they can find.
It is understood that the agreement will be signed on Friday, when he returns from playing for his country, Belgium.
In his speech, he urged the parents and youth of the community to look out for such people so that they will not be in despair in life but through their help in any way it will be a blessing.
Tura: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today filed his nomination papers for the mid-term elections from South Tura Constituency.
He said that in GHADC, the party has nominated a non-tribal candidate.
“If you are still giving birth, you should think carefully before selling the land,” said Bah Phrik to the Mawpdang Dorbar Shnong.
Now there are those who are poor and don't even eat twice a day, but there are ministers who have been sitting for two or three years to buy a big house in Shillong. that's right," he said.
The Best Female was won by Aitylyne Diengdoh and the Promising Player was won by Advitiya AG. The awards were presented by the President of the Meghalaya Chess Association, Bah KM Warjri. together with the Executive Members of EKHDCA and the International Arbiter Th.
The NPP has announced its candidate for the election, the Congress has decided to contest Pala, the VPP Dr Ricky Syngkon and the RDA. let Robertjune.
The people should understand that the inability of those in government to bring about justice.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs and Riew Rangbah of Malai-Sohmat Hima on Saturday called a meeting to discuss the Hima Bill. The Acting Syiem and Ministers of East Khasi Hills have informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills that there will be a meeting today (22nd October) at Phlangwanbroi. The EM of KHADC has not asked for permission, so when he arrived today, the people waited according to the information from the office of the EM of KHADC. The meeting was suspended by the SP without permission from the DC and today the police came back to check whether there was any noise, but when they were informed that the people from KHADC did not come anymore, the police They left and as soon as the police left, the people destroyed the stones planted at the office of the Hima Mawlai Sohmat.
He also encouraged the employees in the district to work harder and dedicate themselves to the work for the development of all aspects in the district.
He said that the purpose of the DH&MO to distribute these musari is to help those poor families who cannot afford to buy musari and on this day up to 2160 musari were distributed to the residents of the area. Nongpoh, said Bah L. Mawlong.
At the same time, the JSU has demanded from the government through the Minister of Arts and Culture to set up another District Library and Auditorium Hall in East Jaintia Hills or Khliehriat. They have difficulty in getting a suitable hall to hold meetings and the students of the area will benefit from the library.
Shillong: The Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) has written to the Union Health Minister to inform him that there is a shortage of nurses at NEIGRHIMS and this is delaying the operation of the hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Monday informed the House that the Ministry of Education as part of the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) On the appointed days, children can go to school without having to carry books.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the students who took part in the placard writing, drawing, sports competitions and as an encouragement awards were also distributed to the Asha staff and staff of the department. Earlier, a rally of school children started from Daimasi Square, Ladthadlaboh to Indoor Sports Hall, Khimusniang.
The letter said that they informed about what happened on Saturday and demanded that the party should announce a new date for the presidential elections in the state.
In his request, the Officer in charge promised that as soon as the weather permits, he will send for these posts to be removed except to be appointed newly to Mawthir.
According to Bindo, there has been a discussion that the MDA should nominate a joint candidate, which is expected to be from the UDP. However, on the issue of the MP from Shillong, the party will discuss again with the NPP as it is now decided to nominate a joint candidate from Shillong,” said Bindo.
Although two goals were scored, Ryntih's players fought hard to score two goals.
Expressing the condition of the ICDS Center in Ladmawreng, East Khasi Hills and demanding that the Government should look into the problems faced by the ASHAs, the TMC Meghalaya on Twitter said, “While the MDA Government In the meantime, the works in the state have been suspended.
At the same time, it was learned that the District Council Affairs Department of the State Government has sent five Bills to the Council including 7 Bills relating to the Elaka and one Bill relating to the Elaka. Clan Bill because they still need to resolve some of the issues mentioned by the department.
Tusk received 248 votes out of 201 and will be sworn in by President Andrzej Duda.
Earlier, HANM had inspected the road from Mawjrong to Sohra, where it found that the road is in poor condition throughout the year. public.
Police, CRP, BJP members including General Secretary Bah David Kharshati, BJYM youth leaders and others also took part in the rally.
The victory of the elections by the orderly turnout of the people of the country to cast their votes is a sign of the victory of democracy to get rulers according to the wishes of the people.
“He urged the teachers and colleges to come forward to discuss this issue with the State Government.
Shillong: Ka Seng UHM, has seen that the State Government has excessively issued announcements to the public through the media, Government Vehicles, Rangbah Shnongs and other intimidation measures until it has started to The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Khasi Hills District (WKHD) has urged the Sengbhalang to lead the dissemination of information and to encourage the people to immediately release the Tika ( Covid-19 Vaccine).
Shillong, Jymmang: The Dorbar of the San Kur and Khatwei Kur of the Raid Mylliem in a statement through Minister MB Kharlukhi has announced that the Raid Mylliem festival will start on the 16th of this month. this month (Nongkrem) and will end on the 21st of this month (Umni) at 9 pm.
When asked about the outcome of the meeting with the Chief Minister in the past few months, the CEM replied that during the meeting with the Chief Minister, the government has agreed that He said that the government has not yet been able to release those records that MUDA has admitted to having.
Shillong: Former Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Mawsynram MDC Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who is also the Chairman of the PDF, has been left alone in the District Council. hi in the opposite Party.
“There is no difference in the Congress party. In Mawphlang, MDC Lamphrang Blah, Garo Hills MDC Ashahel D Shira and in Mawrynkneng, Congress Block Secretary Norbert Marboh. They are the oldest leaders in the party, but their emergence was only because they were influenced by the parties in power”.
“The inability of the authorities to control the people who have come to the Shelter Home in Kench's Trace has put the residents of KOR and Laban area at risk as well,” said the Seng.
According to the President of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, the HYC has met with Dr. Mehta after he sent a message to the HYC to meet him on Tuesday to discuss the demand. has given 10 days to meet the demands.
The meeting was also attended by the President of the party, Bah Joe Marweiñ and other leading leaders.
She was also selected for the Uefa Player of the Year award in April.
It is to be recalled that there has been an allegation that the KHADC through the Market Department has handed over the tax collection gate of the Dielang Market or Mawiong Regulated Market in Mawiong to a private individual without any notice.
She said that the protest or opposition is the right of the people, but if the government forcibly stops these protests, it shows that the rights and the rule of the people are between the people. hazard.
And if God judges again, he will do the same to all, whether the churches are large or small.
On the other hand, the group said that this is part of the efforts to prevent the spread of garbage around the city of Jowai as the garbage in Jowai is increasing day by day. covering not shi bag.
Even after the implementation of the rules and regulations to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Jowai, it has been found that the people are not following the rules and regulations to prevent the spread of COVID-1 19 which forced the magistrates in Jowai to go to the market and announce the closure of the Iawmusiang section.
We are surprised that Meghalaya, which has abundant coal reserves, has not yet been able to build a single coal-fired thermal power plant.
Fiji in the Pacific has reportedly given birth to the first baby, while the last baby was born in the United States.
They also said that if the NHAI officials say that the area is not safe, it means that all the shops on the road in Ri Bhoi are not safe, because it is the same place where there are shops. in Lad Umroi, it is still very busy compared to other shops on the road.
This method is done by inserting a film/video camera through a lens into a white slate without any marks or shadows on the frame. they didn't cover the sharud shakiar with that white slakot.
Later they began to learn that they had seen different people who used to drive cows from the mountains or in the outskirts of the village.
Although the party has lost its previously announced candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who passed away on 20th June, 2023, the UDP has now elected the son-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, u Bah Synshar Priest.
The TSA also has full members who have been elected in accordance with the Constitution with sufficient documentary proof and deny any allegations.
Kevinson Synrem (7, 30, 31 min), Lamshwa Rynjah (9 min), Aiborlang Khongtip (12 min), Rafiel Nongkynrih (30min/37min), Khrawpyrkhat Nongkynrih (32min/59min) scored the goals. min/44min, 54min.
He said that after the arrest and detention of the suspects, the residents of Songsak village handed them over to the Shallang Police Station. The suspects were identified as Rakas M Sangma. Krepis R Sangma of Nongjri, Jingat M Sangma of Mijolgre under Rongjeng PS and Silvastin G Momin of Mawbon Under.
He said that on the part of the farmers who earn their living through the river fish through the wells they used to farm, they have been flooded by the Umsi River.
When asked, he said that regarding the five MLAs who left to support the NPP-led Government in 2022, they left on their own without the knowledge of the NPP. organization, but this is very different from what happened back then.
Meanwhile, Babu Kular Khongjirem said that in these days, the language of righteousness that was established by the past has disappeared because people do not hold the language.
This will improve the lives of the people by improving the cleanliness, health and especially the women and youth to spend their time doing other income generating activities.
East Khasi Hills has 211 new cases, West Garo Hills 104 cases and Ribhoi District 20 cases.
?" asked Bah Shanbor. "You don't know, Kpa Wanbok, the family of Bah Let now hates you all, especially you..." said the man. Bah Shanbor listened for a while.
“However, we have received information that there are some buyers of coal that your office has not issued the NOC to transport the coal even after they have completed all the payments in the right way. .
B.Jana scored the goals for Sohiong in the 83rd and 85th minutes.
Speaking to media, Bah Lambor Malngiang said that Nongkrem village needs to have its own C&RD block in these areas.
We see that there are youths from different organizations trying to clean the roads.
Earlier, the Rangbah Dong urged the residents to wait for a while while the department is preparing the water before delivering the water to the village.
When reading this book, it was found that the sources used by the author in writing this book are through letters and messages from the French soldiers.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah D.Nongbri General Secretary of the party.
“We request the Government to open this school so that it will be of benefit to the people of the area and especially to the youth who come from low income families,” he said. don't say.
Unfortunately, it shows that the Meghalaya Government is ruled by the BJP Government in Delhi and by the North East Leader,” said Bah Pala.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Bah George B. Lyngdoh and others explained to the people the principles of the party and said that the TMC is a party that Meghalaya is the party that has the aim of bringing about change and development in the state as a whole.
The program was also attended by the residents of Umkei village and was led by DMKS Shadap MJS, Secretary DLSA, M Namsaw and Q Mawphñiang, Legal Aid Counsel and others. other officers from various government departments.
In the first match of the tournament, they beat Odisha by two goals and in the second match they drew 1-1 against West Bengal.
There are 10 deaths and 9 injections.
He also denied that the floods were caused by heavy rainfall.
Ma Sniawbhalang is asymptomatic and the search for contacts is ongoing.
The General Secretary of the KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah on Tuesday said that the renewal of the State Reservation Policy (SRP) is every 15 years since the implementation of the State Reservation Policy (SRP). , but until now there has been no update on this.
As soon as the shooting was completed, the foreigners, who were shopkeepers in the market, fled the scene.
However, according to sources, the proposal to set up a committee has not reached anywhere.
Employees’ Federation.
The government has allocated the stadiums, it will now be up to the people to take care of them and how to use the stadium, to ensure that no one will damage it.
It is unacceptable,” said Barthakur.
After seeing the incident, the journalists rushed to talk to the Superintendent of Police, Bah M.Kharkrang at Police Point Civil to ask why the male policemen tied the bomb. but he said he did not want to say anything.
He said that this border dispute within the states affects the peace and relations between the states.
This has happened in the past when these former BSF personnel who were present at that time used to attack the villagers and speak rudely to the women when they were drunk.
The French, who ruled India, when they conquered the Jaintia Syiem in 1835, did not separate this area from Jaintia as they separated the Kutsajar area which is now part of North Cachar. Hills or as it separated Jaintiapur which is now part of Bangladesh, because it found and saw that the inhabitants of this area, Labang-Nangphyllut and Pangam Raliang, are Khasi, Pnars and even after the country India gained independence on 15th August 1947. This region is still part of the United Khasi Hills.
Dr.H Niang AH & Veterinary Officer V/U Jowai said that the Chaff Cutter is a tool that not only helps the farmers to cut the grass to feed their livestock, but also helps to cut the chaff. and the skum kba for the farmers.
The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah MF Ryngksai, told this reporter that he received the letter from the SDO Amlarem, on 9th November 2014, banning the arrest of those who cause trouble in the village. Speaking to Rupang, he said that this is a surprising order to receive from the authorities of the IPC. the Sub Division.
Sinora Khongsdir said that there have been cases where the BSF has alleged that the BSF has strictly prohibited Indians from buying and selling goods while Bangladeshis have not been prohibited. good.
But they didn't answer anything.
Our Government officials who have received proper literacy and education, do not send our children to school here in Shillong.
Along with Rahman, Mostopha Kabir and Abdul Joli Sheikh, they were welcomed by Rangsakona MLA and party leader at the TMC office in West Garo Hills.
Leave this and I will know the details when I turn up.
Furthermore, it was reported that there were members who had paid the money to the Hima office, and after they did not receive the clothes, they did not receive their money.
The Mawphor Office and the Mawphor YouTube Channel would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a Merry Christmas especially to those who have helped, supported and encouraged us since the beginning of the year. to time through Communications.
In the 2009 MP election, Pastor Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP received 97,613 votes, Vincent H Pala of the Congress received 232,270 votes and John F Kharshiing of the UDP received 124,402 votes.
“One is that there are rules that we have to buy according to the limit and one is because of the lack of rainfall, and we just got rain yesterday and not like yesterday when we got rain early,” said Mondal. crane today.
In fact, the Cabinet in June last year, amended the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries Act, 2005 to allow MLAs to hold the post of Parliamentary Secretaries.
The Leader of the Opposition and Congress MLA Ronnie V. Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the allegations by BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai against Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala are false. indeed.
Through this statement, the BSF said that BSF personnel on the India-Bangladesh border in Hawaitila saw a man walking towards Lakroh Nala, which is close to the border with Bangladesh.
The decision of three HSPDP MDCs including EM LG Nongsiej, KP Pangngiang and Enbin K Raswai to withdraw their support for the resolution on ILP in the House was surprising. .
He sold all his property in Russia and bought more in Kenya.
Regarding the patient who has been tested 4 times, he said that on the 11th June 2020 they will test again to see if she has been tested positive for Covid-1 19.
If the people repent, to correct their mistakes, new days of prosperity will come again.
After the completion of the meeting, the JAC held an emergency meeting and at this meeting they decided to hold a complete office blockade, only for the office of MeECL Mairang Sub – The JAC has also decided to release only the line man of the MeECL Office who are responsible for the supply of electricity from 2nd November to 4th November. and the area, so that it does not affect the fire.
As soon as the rain fell, it was found that the synsar hill remained stable despite the heavy rainfall.
This was announced by RTI seeker Bah Disparsing Rani in an interview with the media on Tuesday.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government has faced many challenges in its journey during the past 10 years.
KYKWM General Secretary DN Suchiang said that the meeting will discuss the future of the Myntdu River which has started to affect the surrounding area.
If our Government takes action to destroy these factories, another Rangbah will be stronger.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Huroi Unit led by Samla Wallam Lamin Gadew and Vice President Samla Gilbertstar Khonglah, on Tuesday held a meeting with the MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency. Santa Mary Shylla, during her visit to Huroi village and on the part of the Seng, she was able to explain the problems faced by the residents of the Border area, from Lejri, Lahaleiñ and Huroi villages. and the overcrowding of the road especially to demand the immediate evacuation of the Border Security Force (BSF) who have set up illegal camps at Sonapyrdi Bridge and who have been harassing the people of the Border area from time to time.
Bakur Social Welfare Sports Club would like to thank Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA for allocating Rs 10 crore scheme from the State Sports Council of the State Government to the club for the construction of its galleries. field.
" Daron is a ketli, made of wood, used mainly in the Ri Bhoi area.
Some of the services provided by the Nongthyllep Sub-Centre to the public include the care of poor mothers and children, vaccination of children, maternity hospital and to examine the presence of any infectious and non-infectious diseases in patients who come for treatment.
The best part of this report is the differences between the districts and I urge you to rank the states,” said Sanjeev Sanyal, Member EAC-PM. the development though is free from errors.
When asked whether any government ministers have visited him, he replied that there has been no government minister.
The BSF said that two of these 60 bases belong to the HNLC, a rebel group from Ri-Khasi and two others to the ANVC. Aachi National Volunteers' Council –Breakaway (ANVC-B).
It was also approved to appoint UN Madan, Chief Engineer (Projects), who has retired, to continue as Officer on Special Duty (Technical) for a period of three years with other remuneration as due.
They said that the robbers had admitted that 'Bangla troops will soon arrive' and at that time, one of them threw a rifle and hundreds of people came out. Mawlyngbna, who had already entered the forest, turned directly on these farmers and threw knives, threw bleaching powder and tried to rape the women. The injured came to Shillong Press Club to meet with journalists with scars on their heads.
Nongpoh: The MBOSE on Saturday awarded the prizes to the students who passed the SSLC and Higher School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) of the MBOSE examination. one in Pahamlapong and another in Tyrso Nongtyllep.
Wellmanson alone scored 68 runs off 53 balls and played well with the ball by taking three wickets to win the man of the match award.
The vendors have decided to demand from the Municipal to return the seized goods as they believe that they are not thieves but those who earn a living.
Shillong: The Shillong Lajong Football Club and the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Asian Development Bank (ADB) have launched a training program for those who wish to become coaches in the D License and C License Coaching Certification.
The incident was confirmed at 11.43 pm by Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam.
The CEM also informed that the meeting also decided to issue a notification by the KHADC in all the markets within the boundary of the council, so that there will be no more shortages. weight and mark-rep.
In this regard, he as an MLA said that he will soon write a letter to the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri-Bhoi district so that she can take the necessary measures to Repair the damaged bridge.
The statement said that two youths who were arrested on the 19th of July 2013 have shocked the entire city of Jowai. Kitbok Kassar and Bhah Salan Rupon have shocked the people of Jowai by shocking the thoughts of their family members.
On the other hand, the Muktiar of JHADC, said that in the past there have been Doloi who are also Christians, such as the Doloi of Ri Swer who was elected on 27th June 1975, the Doloi Batskhem Lyngdoh. , 25 July 1993, Doloi, Elious Swer was elected on 20th July 2014, the order issued by the JHADC on 19/4/2023 did not contain any shortcomings, he said. lawyer.
“When (L) Dr Donkupar Roy was the President of the UDP, we the party workers in Pynursla, we loved and admired him very much but when he was gone he came and went. “I left the UDP last year for personal reasons,” said Kong Banalari.
He said he hoped that infrastructure projects are ongoing in the region and will help attract investors to promote Public-Private Partnerships (PPP).
He urged the people not to be afraid, but to fight for their rights and to speak out against the MLAs who dare to destroy the scheme allocated to the people.
He said that the final decision on whether to join the BJP will be tomorrow, which is the final day and if it is successful, he will take an agreement to become a member of the BJP. but tomorrow we will finish,” said Bah Antonio.
He said that in July or November this year, the PDF will also announce its candidates for 2018 and this will be the first part of the announcement of the names which will come before the list of MDCs. in several constituencies.
On the night of 6th July 2023, the LP truck driven by Youmiky Kharshandi, 20 years old, carrying 12 muid, collided with another truck. from Pynursla to Laityngkot, it collapsed at Langkyrdem and was rebuilt.
Genesis 2:20-23.
Zoramthanga called on all the North Eastern States to oppose the bill.
In Pynursla, Shella, Dawki and Nongstoin, vehicles carrying stone and shyiap exceeded the limit without any restrictions.
These will be located in all districts so that farmers can get all the necessary fertilizers, farming equipment and Common Service Centers (CSCs).
The Prime Minister urged the employees working in the field of education to work honestly, work hard and have a spirit of cooperation to speed up the work. Shillong: The Syiemlieh Film Production Company (KJDSTA) has said that the Syiemlieh Film Production (KJDSTA) will hold a friendly football tournament between the youngsters of the country. on the 10th July 2019 at 3:30 pm at Lum Roman Square near Sacred Heart Boy Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Phudmuri .
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the continued closure of the Ministry of Tourism in the State. the State Government.
The training was attended by nurses from 10 villages, Patharkhmah, Mawdem, Bilahari, Old Jirang, Pathardharo, Mawskei Them, Warmawsaw, Mawpliang, Nongwah Mawlien, Raja Khomai and New Jirang.
The BSF are only the guardians of the border, and the border, they are not the border demarcation officers and it is the responsibility of the Government.
At the same time, she demanded that the CBI should investigate against the state officer who has been promoted to IAS to find out many allegations that he may have been involved in the schemes. government especially when it appears that he is involved with the ruling political party in the state.
“They said that we have not violated their right to education, but they receive education as they usually get every day, because we protest even after school so that it will not be a stumbling block to their education. ".
Later, the HYC under the leadership of Vice President Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh visited the two refugees who are undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
Shillong, June 2: The Ranikor Beach Festival 2013-14, which was scheduled to be held on the 7th and 8th of October, has been postponed due to unavoidable reasons. Lyngdoh, President of SWKHDOWA and Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, said that the trick will be announced later.
Panama hosted the tenth session of the Conference of the Parties (COP10) in June.
Answering a question, she, who is also the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that she has to start working as an MP who is free at any time, who can be seen and who is quick to hear. .
The oldest participant was D. Nongrum 65 years old and the youngest participant was Renee Crisstel Nongrum and Hope Isabel Syiem both women.
The robbers broke into the house after breaking into the house and stole Rs.3000 tyngka, 4 Tola of gold jewelery including 2 bracelets, a locket. and some pieces of gold.
I don't need to mention other statistics here because they are not necessary in this regard.
The rally was also attended by students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, members of HITO, HYC, HANM, Union of Village Youth Organizations, women, youth and others. I am pleased to support the Voice of the People of South West Khasi Hills District.
The Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association (MLBA) has sent Khrawbok as the Technical Official for the 37th National Games in Meghalaya. Goa.
And this can tear the nation apart.
On the other hand, Bah Alfond urged the farmers to contact the leaders at any time if they want clarification and they can call at any time by calling 9366601874 or
The organization donated assistance to this family after receiving information that the father of the family has been suffering for many years and has been bedridden. They don't have the opportunity to go to the hospital for treatment.
Our satellite is only 36,000 kilometers away from Earth, while NASA's satellite is only 5 lakh kilometers away from Earth.
It is understood that this will not affect the flow of the river as it is natural but according to Indian experts this will help to reduce the water shortage in the river and will help to reduce the floods in Assam. .
In the 65-70 Kg category, Vijay Singh of Fitorium Gym won second place, John Sangma of Synergy Fitness Gym won second place and Mintu Nath of Muscle Excess won fourth place. Gym Fitness.
Km from Ratacherra 11.20 (Sq.
Bah JD Rymbai is also a former MLA of Jirang Constituency who has also been the former Chief Minister, Lamphang and former Minister of State in the past.
There are 102 Graduate Science candidates who have registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 661 candidates have remained unemployed as of 31st November
However, this flood has destroyed it and will cause the entire village of Kynshi not to grow rice at all this year.
Many times when sending a message or request to do something, they say “to mei” or “to pa” and it takes months to complete that task with repeated repetition.
Shillong: The Government of India has re-introduced the name of Meghalaya on the railway map and this time, it has shown that the railway line of the Government of India, is no longer only at Byrnihat, but will You can also continue from Byrnihat to Shillong.
Regarding the year of implementation of the Roster System without looking at the merits of the case and to leave it only to the legislature and executive, especially to the new Assembly to discuss this.
The General Secretary of Panaliar Dorbar Shnong, Careme Phawa said that even vehicles entering the village including those with Curfew Pass will have to bring their ID Cards to prove their work.
Speaking to media, Conrad K Sangma said, “At this meeting held today, it was decided to start opening 14 ITIs in the state. from 24 November 2020".
He was involved in extortion, firearms marketing and recruitment of youth of the state.
Rida was arrested at Mahari & Son, Motphran.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has started to criticize the working methods of the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. UDP MDC Leader Teinwell Dkhar and Secretary Rona Khymdeit, where they gave time to PN Syiem to answer 9 questions by 7th June but he could not. The UDP has asked for time until the 16th to clarify at the EC and PDF meetings. Last night, the UDP had a meeting to discuss the matter. Jemino Mawthoh said that the party will wait until the 16th as requested by Bah PN Syiem.
The Joint Action Committee (JHTOA), All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transports Association (AJCCTA) and Meghalaya Trucker Union (MTU) have empowered the operators of dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills. Hills where these factories have said that they have not been able to implement the new price announced by the State Government through the Transport Department.
Many of the speakers at the meeting congratulated the new team under the leadership of Bah Spar Lyngdoh as President and Bah Bankhraw Kupar Sohtun as General Secretary for the speedy implementation of the work for the MLA elections will be held next year.
“The Government has taken great care with the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
St. Xavier Secondary School (Day Section), New Nongstoiñ came second with 110 points and a buskit. The same school but Morning Section came third with 99 points and a buskit. Ri Lyngngam Secondary School from Nongstoin won the second prize with 85 points and a trophy.
Shillong, July :Ka FKJGP Nongthymmai Circle has expressed its deep sorrow and condolences over the tragic and terrible incident which happened on Tuesday. Nongrah, Shillong, where the father of Joefreeson Jana has taken away the lives of his two sons by killing them.
This house is located in Lummawblei village.
Nehemiah said – And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favor in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah (Israel), the city of my fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it.And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favor in thy sight, that I may build it.
Jowai, March 25: Members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) in Iongkaluh District, in a statement issued by Verify Dkhar Secretary and Midaling Dkhar President of the VDP, have announced that they have been arrested. Any person who brings trouble, fights or drinks alcoholic beverages inside the village.
The Director of Higher and Technical Education (DHTE) on Tuesday directed the students of CMJ University to submit their requirements to the DHTE office at the Additional Secretariat from 7th to 17th July for the to help them find classes.
Speaking to the media, the owners of all these shops, said that it would be a big loss if they leave this place, as it is too far from Motphran. It was so far away that the people could not come to eat, because it was too far away.
IJU President and former PCI member Geetartha Pathak and Secretary General and Vice President of the International Federation of Journalists Sabina Inderjit said that the incident is not an expression of violence. and such incidents have happened from time to time to journalists in Assam.
After 70 children lost their lives to the consumption of cough medicine imported from India.
We should not be afraid of the authorities and foreigners, because they have a terrible scientific method.
Meghalaya, although the smallest state, is not lacking in corruption and theft in the jurisdictions.
At the meeting held today at Mustem Village, Bah P.Mawlong, Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank, Jowai explained about the new schemes such as the Prime Minister Jevan Jyoti Insurance Yojana (PMJJBY), the Prime Minister's Health Insurance Scheme (PMS BY) and the Atal Pension Yojana (APY).
There are currently two places in Rngain where vehicles heading to Shillong from Pynursla and many vehicles heading to Pynursla have had to turn back due to the severe damage. collapse.
Anurag Thakur, Minister of State for Home Affairs, announced that the Cabinet has decided to extend the PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) for another three months.
Preparations for the MDC election in Mawlai constituency have started slowly as nine candidates have registered for the Voice of the People Party (VPP) ticket.
The Meteorological Department has warned that in the next three days, the temperature will rise by 1 to 2 degrees Celsius in Garo Hills and Ribhoi District. in other parts of South Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
In an interview with NDTV Editor-in-Chief Sanjay Pugalia, the Prime Minister spoke on many issues, including the roadmap for the future, the monitoring of the The BJP's objectives in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections and the implementation of its relations with other countries.
The program was also attended by the High Commissioner of India to Foreign Affairs, Vikram Doraiswami and Deputy Director of the Nehru Centre, Sanjay K. Sharma.
Commenting on the fact that the MPs who have led the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency have not been able to implement even a single demand from the Government of India, Bah Kharjahrin said, “We must find ways and means. how to force the Government of India to grant us those demands.
It is like an election for MLAs to the Assembly.
Heavy rainfall on Tuesday night increased the water level in the river.
These two men were beaten up by these unidentified men.
And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds" Luke 2:15-1
“This certificate teaches us how to work better, improve our performance and make decisions.
He said that until today, the celebration of Puja by Hindus in the district has been going smoothly.
It is to these types of villages that those who visit once every five years, are smart and welcomed and reach their goals.
Hope @SangmaConrad @MeghalayaPolice act…?” (Sic).
All of them sent a letter of resignation to the president of the party on Thursday.
The Act was introduced in the National Assembly on 22nd November, 2011 and was approved by the President on 5th November, 2013 and came into force on 12th November, .
Shillong, March 27: The Government of India through the Ministry of Home Affairs has written to the Chairman of the Chief Minister, John F Kharshiing to send the Government of Meghalaya to look into the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. 1948.
“On the ban on the use of mobile Internet, Sangma strongly criticized the MDA Government saying that this is a violation of the rights of the citizens.
“The fishermen and fishermen who said that they go fishing in the evening because the fish are swimming sharud (ryngkew) outside the water because they don't want to live in the sea.
He said that one of the reasons for the shortage of electricity in the state is because there are several companies in the state which have supplied electricity at the right time, and one of them is the National Thermal Power Corporation. (NTPC), but these companies are no longer able to supply electricity to the state due to the changes in the rules of electricity supply by the Government of India.
Shillong, November 29: Police in Pynursla have seized eight cows from Nongmadan village in Pynursla which were suspected to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Regarding the Supreme Court's order to pay T.100 crore for the improvement of coal mining areas.
Conrad said the Central Government has said that the project has been delayed for a long time and if it cannot be implemented, it is better to move it to other parts of the State where the people support and accept it. you project.
On 8 October 1908, a meeting of the students was held at Shillong Government High School to discuss the new rules of the University and how they affect the Khasi students.
He said that the people should protect themselves from these diseases rather than taking medicine after getting sick as it can last for months and the temperature rises and falls.
“Every time the people hold the fishing competition, they have earned a lot of money, so they should not hesitate to pay taxes to the state government to ensure that this is legal.
“We hope to reach the goal even if it is not 100 per cent, but at least 90 per cent.
At present, the farmers of Lapangap village have stopped farming in their fields and the Karbi have not come to the hills.
They are really hard neck.
The Nari Mukti Sangram Samiti is the women's wing of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) led by Akhil Gogoi.
The UDP candidate was also defeated from his West Shillong constituency with 3921 votes, beating the BJP candidate Shibun Lyngdoh with 6591 votes.
He said that the meeting has decided that as of now, the Committee welcomes the Dorbar Shnongs and Himas, that they can bring more documents or dulir. place, so that they can serve as strong witnesses in the boundary settlement talks between the Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya.
To transport COVID positive patients to Shillong for better treatment.
He also explained that the training opportunities for the youth who wish to enroll will be in many areas where the training will be free of charge, uniforms, food and drink, accommodation and up to If the youths want more detailed information they can visit the office near the Block Development Office.
It would have been better if Conrad had helped the Governor to explain in Hindi that many of the MLAs of Khasi-Jaintia are not able to read or write. also to speak Hindi.
Unlike the women's cricket team, which, like the men's team, has become well known in the world, women's football in India has not been well known or has not been able to attract spectators or investors.
A motorcycle (AS 15 J 5094) was stolen from the road in front of a house in Lummawbah, Lawlyngdoh, Upper Shillong this morning.
Nongstoin, Naitung 31: The MLA/MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency on Friday visited the Tarabari-Malangkona area of ​​West Khasi Hills. The Assam Government has closed down many villages in the area.
Of the three robbers arrested, one of them confessed to the police that 11 robbers were involved in the incident. in Patna today.
Eugeneson said that the struggle now is to turn from football to politician but as the days go by he will learn and improve gradually.
These transfers are as follows: Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG, IPS, Commandant, 4 MLP Battalion, Sohplan has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong in place of Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, IPS. Sylvester Nongtnger, IPS, Shillong has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, F&ES, Shillong in place of Spill Thamar, MPS. Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, Meghalaya, Shillong to fill the vacancy.
God never forsakes us when we learn to seek and seek Him. There are promises that the Lord promises us and if we seek His face. want from us.
Shortly after, these Daju went to the HYC to complain to the Hima Mylliem about the Hima Mylliem not allowing them to carry daju without the Hima's uniform. Two Ministers of Mylliem Hima including Minister K Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi in the presence of the Chief Minister of Mylliem Hima said that They denied that there is any understanding between them and the HYC to temporarily suspend the wearing of Hima uniforms in Iewduh. that Daju in Judah.
“The Government has implemented the Integrated Technology Enabled Agri Management System (iTEAMS) where farmers can get information on the price, buyers of their produce and the vehicle will arrive soon at the price. small", said the Prime Minister.
Shillong: The Catholic Women Association of Nongstoin Diocese has held a procession on the 5th July, 2023 at the Cathedral of the Diocese in Pyndengrei Parish, West Khasi Hills. women and the lack of peace in Manipur.
In the middle, they cut up the dead branches, which were well tied together, and cut them down according to the floor they made.
The hatred and jealousy of the Khasi strengthens the power of foreigners and weakens themselves.
When trying to find out what kind of jyrwit jyrwat that Mei Mawbuh had shown during the visit of the Seng Khasi, it was learned that the jyrwit jyrwat was because there was a lot of misunderstanding between the son. Khasi Khara, the emergence of many groups or organizations and one of them said that it is the lack of understanding even among the Khasi organizations such as the Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkhein and the Khasi Seng Kmie.
Sniawbhalang has already filed his nomination papers since 4th June.
So far, the candidates who have been confirmed to contest include MDC Alvin Sawkmie, incumbent MLA HM Shangpliang and Oland Suin.
Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of the State, who was sworn in on 15th November 2018, has decided to suspend the sale of liquor in the State from 21st November 2018 to 14th July
Police said that when they arrived at the house, they found the woman and her two children inside a room on the second floor where they were staying.
Before half an hour, Fedilia Lamare (28) and Airilang Khongsit (29) scored two more goals to take a 3-0 lead in the first half.
“Whether the government's decision to resolve the border is right or wrong, I cannot say anything on that matter, but they have taken the initiative to start,” he said.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest and other dignitaries also distributed prizes and trophies to the winners of various competitions.
I too was shocked for a while, until I looked at the case between the Meghalaya government against Byrhien Kurkalang and others, which overturned the decision of the Gauhati HC. The Supreme Court has ruled that the permit to export kiad to Byrhien under the Excise Act 1910 is not under the permit under the Eastern Bengal Regulation
He said that according to the Town & Country Planning Act 1973, it is clear that the MUDA Act will apply throughout the state, except in the areas under the three district councils.
Many MDCs of KHADC especially EMs, Chairpersons and Deputy Chairman, other MDCs of ARPA, Syiem of Mylliem Hima were also present at the meeting. The meeting was conducted by the Minister in charge of the Market, Minister K. Langstieh.
One of the reasons for the fire is because the shops are built of wood.
Bah Bindo said the party will also strengthen the appointment of full time chiefs without political discrimination from Syiems, Sirdars and Doloi so that it will be equal for all.
Spring is not only the end of the rainy season, but also a new beginning.
This is the politics as they say: iashrut, ia thad during the elections and when it is over, pretend as if nothing happened! Perhaps the BJP has understood that it needs other political parties, which There are already those who will come later, for the 2024 MP elections.
The Education Cell would also like to thank those who have donated for the scholarship and all those who have taken part in this initiative.
The JAC also demanded that the salary paid to Prasad should be paid from the income of the VC and not from the account of the University.
In addition, the Lamphang said that it will take about 10 years to complete the Ïingdorbar.
The Seng appeals to the Village Covid 19 Management Committees, Village Authorities, which fall under War Jaintia to work harder as they have done in the past, to take care of the situation. foreigners enter without prior notice, so that the fight against this disease will be successful.
Senegal in 18th place and Denmark in 19th have also exchanged places, which are the only teams to have made a change in the 20th place.
James said that factories should also follow the environmental protection rules.
On the other hand, when inquired from the employees of the mynder check post at Byrnihat, they said that they have received information about the presence of more than 40 lakh people who are not on the list. The NRC in Assam, have conducted strict searches, in which they have searched passenger vehicles and private vehicles as well.
He said that last month there was a power outage in the state but the Government has already paid the bill to the company which supplies light in the state. the power outage has now resumed.
PT Sawkmie, who is also a former MLA, led the march from his residence in Mawlai Nongpdeng to Wahumkhrah Road to Mawlai Petrol Pump, Nonglum. UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh marched to the bus stand and ended up at the Mawlai Mawroh Square.
“We are still investigating and it will not be long before we arrest those involved as the police have found out about the incident,” said the SP. The Congress has released those arrested pending the investigation.
She also discussed the symptoms of tuberculosis and the need for full testing and treatment for Drug Sensitive Tuberculosis (DSTB) and Multi Drug Resistance Tuberculosis. (MDRTB).
Many of us don't know the power of the seed bearers to bring us life.
Shillong, July 25: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association (JCMDA) today held a public meeting with the participation of more than 5000 people. The meeting was attended by coal mine owners, coal traders, coal workers, and other citizens.
At the same time, the leader is also one of the most popular snooker players.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, JMB Chief Executive Officer CS Laloo said the reason is that the workers have not received their salaries for eight months.
Both the teams will also travel to SuperSport Park for the fourth ODIs on 15th November and the final of the 50 overs will be played at Wanderers Stadium on 17th November.
“There are many problems and it is not only because of the lack of provision but we should commend the MSOA for working hard together with the sports department,” he said.
“I myself have studied in Shillong and I know well the characteristics of the Khasi who live in Meghalaya.
Sail is also one of the bodyguards of KP Gosavi, who is another witness to the arrest of Aryan. sun.
What is important now is to examine, examine and reflect on how to rebuild the education that has been part of the great ministry and mission of the Church for these 150 years.
As in the Lok Sabha, the debate in the Rajya Sabha is on when the Act will be implemented because according to the provisions of the Act, the 33% quota for women cannot be implemented until it is completed. the restructuring of constituencies and the census.
According to a report by the World Bank, about 40% of Pakistan's population is below the poverty line or still living in poverty.
In the Assembly, many MLAs do not ask any questions about the government's expenditure.
The protest started on Friday at Takhniang, Tuber near the headquarters of the JHTOA where members of the JHTOA seized and returned 25 trucks carrying products from the factories. concrete.
The shops were built at a cost of 6 lakh tyngka of which 4 lakh tyngka was donated by the Church and 2 lakh tyngka by the Fishery Department through the Blue Revolution.
At the same time, she has lodged a complaint with the Shnong authorities and the Shnong has already visited the scene on 18th November and they have found out the truth. to inform the EE of PHE department to take necessary action.
Anita Lodhi tied four runs for Tripura and finished with 21 not out from 10 balls, while Vaincy Chaudhary (guest player) was bowled. They lost wickets through a run out and scored 16 runs by scoring three fours off 19 balls.
The MFSWs were held under the Nagaland Food Safety Project Scheme in Kohima on Tuesday.
At the 2010 World Cup, there was a sea urchin, known as Paul the Octopus, who predicted that the country would be the winner of the World Cup. Brazil will be the winner of the match between Brazil and Croatia, which starts on Friday.
Those who have a sword, they will fall.
Abbott Laboratories says it can develop a device to detect the coronavirus in just a few minutes.
Six months ago, the Forum held a Prayer for Meghalaya program on 12th October 2020, in which the Prime Minister, his colleagues and other leaders participated.
In countries where rice is not grown, it is an important food and takes the place of rice.
“At the same time, he urged other leaders of other political parties to work together for the safety and security of the people and also to make Meghalaya a prosperous state in all aspects.
"It is true and I assure you that I will celebrate my 76th birthday and I am still very strong," Buhari said at a meeting held a few days ago.
The farmers from Tamil Nadu arrived in Delhi today.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle under the leadership of General Secretary Bashan Lyngdoh Mawnai and Vice President Danny Mukhim in the presence of members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle today visited two schools. Amazon has offices in Pynthorumkhrah and Nongrim Hills.
At the same time, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle through its President B Siangshai has sent a greeting to all the members of FKJGP.
The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District, through the Executive Magistrate, on 12th November, closed down the illegal tax collection gate set up by the Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the National Highway-6 in Umdihar village.
Bolsonaro has called the coronavirus a pandemic and has contracted the disease in November
Furthermore, if this continues to be implemented, it will affect the owners of these vehicles, because many of them take loans from banks to buy and produce if they don't get the opportunity to earn like they earn. other fellow taxi drivers.
In fact, according to the work order, the deadline for completion was in November but due to the many details that had to be done due to the involvement of many departments like MeCEL, PHE and BSNL it took a while. to complete.
The incident took place in Shibbari area under the jurisdiction of Manu Police Station, Longtorai Valley Sub-Division, Tripura.
Therefore, the word LOI cannot be used in the Maram language.
Therefore, the FKS Dorbar expects the BJP-NDA Government to take action to ensure the speedy implementation of the promises and agreements signed since 17th August 1948, as the BJP Government has worked quickly. to regulate the affairs of Jammu & Kashmir.
Because not only Bah Hek is from the BJP, I am also from the BJP including all the members and supporters of the BJP,” said Bah Sanbor.
At the same time, Aamir said that if Bollywood can make films like Hollywood in the coming years it will be a dream.
The children of non-Khasi parents shall not be given Khasi jait, even if it is based on that mother's jait.
“Where do you pay when the office is closed?” asked Andrew Shullai.
The protest came during the Social Audit Hearing on the scheme on Friday.
In the 2nd Division, Thaiñthynroh SC beat Phanniewlah Rum SC 1-0 with Bhalang Swer (55).
Conrad said the people have seen the scheme of Mukul Sangma and the party from West Bengal, which has led people to leave the TMC and join the NPP. The party's decision to join the NPP is a sign that the result of the election on 27th June will come.
The influx of foreigners has increased every day, but until now, we see that the State Government has not thought of anything, but it has been seen that it takes the visit to the hills and rivers. , it's like going to the park or Nan Polok and this is a mistake, which is too much.
Henry Ward Beecher, a prominent Protestant preacher, once received an envelope.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung, 28: It is interesting to see that after the High Courts issued the orders and rules relating to the meat farmers, the meat farmers in Mawkyrwat market have They have been required to build their shops and this is also part of compliance with the directives issued.
I don't understand, the headline is wrong.
Former and current leaders of WJDSA including EMH Passah, WJDSA Working President, Lammat OO Laloo, Honor General Secretary and Founding Member WJDSA SK Lato spoke about the journey of WJDSA. Ma Kennedy Shylla Joint Secretary gave the welcome speech.
Shillong: U Bah Regional Pyngrope, 41, has committed suicide at his residence in Nongthymmai on Saturday.
A key is one of the most commonly used items in homes, offices, banks, shops and others.
They were merely tynghungs or tyngshops who played and danced to the tunes of the Roman Emperors.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The first death anniversary of Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh, former MLA of Nongstoin Constituency and former President of the HSPDP, will be commemorated in 10 days. Maieid Hoping passed away on 26th November, 2015 at NEIGRHIMS after a long illness.
This will also make it easier for all the people who go to work within the Block and will also provide better services to the people.
Mawkyrwat, March 11: The District Mental & Health Program (DM&HP) in collaboration with the District Legal Service Authority (DLSA), Sngap Syiem College, Sngap Syiem College , Mawkyrwat and Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Shillong held a World Mental Health Conference on the theme, “Mental Health is a Universal Human Right” at the Conference Hall of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. -Khar, MLA, Mawkyrwat Constituency.
“On 30th November, 2022, the official Facebook page of the NPP wrote, “The foundation stone of the Nongstoin-Maweit road has been laid” in the presence of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and others. The Facebook Page has also posted photographs of the meeting showing the Prime Minister and other dignitaries, “It is a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
He said that before the implementation of the Emergency Clause, it can only be implemented with the approval of the Parliament. “It is not enough to dismiss her but she should also resign,” he said.
When inquired from some of the shopkeepers who decorate their shops, they said that most of the kait trees they have bought are from Ri-bhoi.
He said that if they could implement properly this Act which does not exist in the state, it would not be like this, but now the EC is now implementing what is necessary to bring good to the nations.
He said that a PHC has been opened at Weilyngkut, Nongur.
Last month, the SIT Police arrested a rich man from Beltola who runs an illegal coke factory in Shallang.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 35 lakh and the death toll to 63,4
The President of Seinraij Jowai, OR Shallam, said that in the past few days after the announcement of Behdieñkhlam, a young man has posted a complaint on the YouTube channels of the news.
He said that another reason why he sees that the CEM is weak is because when it is necessary to speak, especially to the journalists, the CEM does not know how to answer and has to go around up and down. above, and this shows his inability to demonstrate the power of action.
Although the shooters have not been identified, the villagers suspect that the incident was committed by menshohnoh, police said.
He said that this scheme has now covered about 60% of the residents of the State who receive up to T5 lakh per household for treatment.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, MDC, said that the election of him as MDC is the responsibility of the party, which has appointed him, and he congratulated the Party Congress. He said that at present he does not have any goal to contest the election, although he has reached the stage, but the intention of his appointment is the same. only to strengthen the Party.
Guwahati: The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, has been involved in a terrible attack against the state.
At this meeting, they discussed the problems of the people in these villages and the allegations that the Syiem of Sohra, alleged that these people are involved in meeting with foreigners and to defame the villagers. in the state and the state as a whole.
Explaining further on his doubts about the ticket, Bah Bindo said that the party has not yet consulted with him on the issue.
“The demand for jobs is very high and it is not easy for the government to recruit all the jobs in its departments.
In 2021, the Assam government has opened a Police Out Post at Saba.
The Datsimpein Dorbar Hall was constructed at a cost of Tk 6 lakh under the MP-LADS 2018-2019 and T.2 lakh 50 under the MLA Scheme 2019-2 thousand.
The Government of India in 2021 has requested to provide accommodation in 6846 villages in Khasi Hills, for the residence of Survey India workers for 5-6 years, or until the completion of the work, to carry out those works of Survey of the sky through the Svamitva Scheme.
Shillong: There have been 305 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today and 6 deaths.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The Myntdu Farmers Welfare & Producers Organization (MFW&PO) in collaboration with the Central Agriculture University-CPGS, Umroi Ri-Bhoi District, has conducted an awareness program on the cultivation of CAU R1 rice at Dorbar Hall of Sohmynting.
Speaking on the occasion, Manish Tiwary, Country Manager India Consumer Business, Amazon India said, “The festive season is a time for buyers and sellers across India.
The body of the child was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem.
The purpose of the meeting was to investigate the incident on Tuesday night to ensure that those involved are punished according to the rules of procedure of the University.
Warner has also been a successful player in his career at SRH, but has not been able to play well in the tied and has had a difference of opinion with the management of the team. make an exit from the squad during the 2021 season.
He said that these claims of Conrad K Sangma are lying and misleading the people.
If a leader takes a jait for himself, he changes the jait as established by his ancestors, this is wrong.
Similarly, a young woman who survived the incident in Turkey, speaking to the media, said she felt like the nations had passed and she couldn't cry anymore, because although she She tried to find and wait for her relatives and friends, but she couldn't see them anymore and she said she had to wait for the announcement. that they are no more, that the soul may be at peace, and may not look forward to their return.
The Chief Minister suggested that all the shelters built by various ethnic groups should be removed both in the hills and valleys of many parts of the state and efforts should be made to bring peace and prosperity.
Shillong, Naiwieng 05: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) will meet with senior officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on Tuesday to discuss three demands of the party.
The President of the HSPDP in Meghalaya, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the party was formed in 1968, before Meghalaya got its own state.
Those who have learned to explain should also improve themselves so that it will be for the benefit of them and the state.
When asked whether the NPP has invited the UDP to join the new government, Bah Metbah said there is no such talk.
In addition, the districts with the highest number of men and women are Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and Odisha.
The Jal Diwali will be held at three ULBs across Meghalaya from 7th to 9th November,
Many civil society and political leaders in the North East have also had their telephones stolen, according to a report published in The Wire.
Marconi Phawa tied 33 runs from 30 balls (2x4s, 3x6s), which led WJH to 100 runs.
She said that this is the desire of the exploiters to remove Bah Kharkongor who is a Khasi. She asked for clarification from where the Union Minister got information about the personal life of the CMD. Why does Gohain want to remove Bah AG Kharkongor and who are those senior officers of NEEPCO who don't want to reveal their names?
According to a source, Assam police have seized a dumper number ML-06-8426 and arrested the driver of the truck. The truck was identified as Dambingstar Lyngkhoi.
The six Adhoc Colleges are Durama College (T.4129344), Tikrikilla College (T.1854048), Acheng Rangmanpa (T.1871040), Sngap Syiem College (T.4129344), Raid Laban College (T.5076864) and Women College (T.4216320) while the five Lumsum Colleges include Thomas Jones College, Bormanik College, St Mary's CTE, Phukan College and Kazi Zaman College.
“They are hardworking and thoughtful children when they are taught,” said Kong Zarina, adding that the children have to support their own expenses when they go to take part in various competitions.
Therefore, in accordance with the authority conferred, in clause (a) sub section (2) of section 30 of the Food Safety and Standards Act
These ksew shang makia not only put the people in danger but also brought various garbage to the ground floor of the houses.
He said that the state government under his leadership has paid special attention to the youth of the state by supporting those who are talented in music, dance, entrepreneurship, employment, she does not play through her schemes.
After that you can drink it without adding sugar because Rosehip already has sweetness and aroma in it.
Therefore, the society should understand its nation on the firm basis of traditional customs and traditions and not be influenced by foreign ideas, even if there are ideas that are justified without proper foundation.
The area of ​​the land for the construction of the university is 5000 acres and it will also include Khanduli village.
They were identified as Talu Kyndiah, 30, Justme Suting, 21, Ham Lytan, 41, Besty Sana and Sylvester Siangshai,
Speaking to media, the people of Meghalaya said that this is the first time that they have seen such a bad wind and they don't even find it because in Meghalaya there is wind and weather. Meghalaya is also clean and compared to our home state, Meghalaya is still very clean because it is still clean to breathe.
Khliehriat, Naitung 12: Many members of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association ( Jaintia Hills ) have expressed their opposition and dissatisfaction with the proposal to hold the election to elect the President. The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association ( Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association ) has said that the current leaders have allowed only a few truck owners to register as candidates for the upcoming elections. It is scheduled to be held on the 18th of this month.
According to the Sordar Shnong, the body was found hanging from a tree in the village.
BSNL also plans to lease out various unused properties, where it is expected to generate revenue of Rs 1,000 crore this year, out of which it earned Rs 200 crore in u last year.
The FKJGP has urged all the offices of Block Development Officers in Jaintia Hills to follow up on the implementation of the 100 days MGNREGA scheme after the issuance of work orders to the VECs and BDOs. secretary, but they should also visit the workplace to achieve the objectives of the scheme.
It will be a major sports venue in the state as well as football, he said.
At the same time, he said, “The NPP government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and Prestone, we have set the key issues of agriculture, education, health, employment. lakh youth within five years including government and private jobs”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Aiban Swer, Officer on Special Duty of MIG, said that as approval has been received from the government to conduct this inspection for the construction of the Entry and Exit point. The inspection today was part of the informing the Sengbhalang leaders about the government's plan to set up Entry and Exit at these places.
Three civilians and two militants were killed in Israeli shelling, Palestinian government sources said.
Mankind, who has been blessed with the power of thought, is gradually amazed at the divine nature that can create nature in its own right in the course of time.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla Shnong Mawphlang is proud that Samla Banshemphang Pathaw has brought fame and glory not only to his family but also to the village and the state as a whole. other.
Even Jesus said, “Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's” (Matt. 12:13).
The Rangbah Shnongs of Raliang District to join hands in this regard.
The meeting was conducted by the former Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Bah SF Lyngdoh.
The meeting was attended by officials from PWD, MPDCL, National Informatics Center and other government officials from various departments. related activities.
It can also be said that many of the youth get lost in the middle of the journey to reach the goal because there are no one to guide them and show them the path they are walking.
Manipur won one gold and one silver medal, Arunachal Pradesh one gold and one bronze, Mizoram one silver and one bronze. Nagaland and Assam won one bronze medal each.
Ri-Bhoi on Friday beat South Garo Hills DCA by three wickets in the first semi final.
Tejas Ashok Shirse (13.72s); 2.
In June last year, the HPC had set the following requirements to the High-Level Committee: 342 households to be relocated from Mawlong Market; that the land of 10 acres must be within the boundary of the European Ward (where the Sixth Schedule or the provisions of the Seventh Schedule do not apply); to provide 200 square meters of land in the European Ward to 342 households; to give these families money to build their own houses; to allow the houses built to be used from generation to generation.
The most expensive equipment is also expensive.
The Season Pass Holders have also been informed that they will refund the money purchased by the public at the same price according to today's program through the RFID Card.
Bantei S Rumnong, Chairman Publicity Committee of SKK, said that due to the outbreak of the pandemic in 2020, the Seng has been unable to hold this festival and in 2021 they have been able to hold it but they have not been able to hold it. give all the dancers a chance.
Finally, the Union has also informed the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, that if they need an ambulance, for any emergency, the union is ready to hand over the ambulances. , concluded the statement by Samla Ferdinand K.Kharkamni.
The first earthquake measuring 4.2 on the Richter scale struck at 1:50 pm in Sindhupalchowk district, 100 kilometers from Kathmandu.
When inquired from the residents of the area, he said that the Assam government has taken more care and treated the Khasi villages in the area. The Assam Government has taken the initiative to reach all the Khasi villages in order to connect them with each other.
Sanborlang Tang scored the first goal for Maitshaphrang in the 12th minute and Teimiki Lyngdoh scored the second goal for Ksehsylle in the 73rd minute.
Shillong: The total number of PPEs in the state has risen to 24,084 with 5170 in East Khasi Hills, 1,660 in Ribhoi and 3,24,050 plymasks in East Khasi Hills. 58090 and 20,800 in Ribhoi District.
Since the past until now, the biggest problem faced by the people of this village is the lack of water.
Ahmed Sahib, a lawyer from Kayalpattinam, said, “We have no reason against the Central Bank of India, but it is just that the residents are concerned about the demand for the NPR as a document to verify the KYC. and this has caused many to withdraw their money from the bank.
Scientists believe that by doing so, the vitamins and other nutrients contained in the rice, which are necessary for the human body, fall into the rice; and thus when the stars shine brightly, they shall not perish.
South West Khasi Hills District, at present, has only 14 doctors in two CHCs and three PHCs in the district. to 1,20,000 people.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the new office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang Block. Minister in charge of Community and Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister in charge of Water Resources, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej , BDO Mairang Block, Dr LR Hynniewta, employees of various government departments and others.
Product- The product that we want to trade such as jhur or soh should have these characteristics in such a way that the consumers will appreciate it.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 13 new cases have been confirmed and 587 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
God saw the condition of the people in Israel and not only in Israel but the nations of the world are committing this kind of sin to this day.
We would like to urge the government to send an inquiry into the construction of this road and to inspect the parts that have already been constructed to find out any shortcomings.
Conrad agreed that this year has been more sufficient in terms of electricity generation as the State has not experienced power outages in the months of June and October, unlike in other years.
The Seng leader said that the state has witnessed a rapid increase in drug addiction especially among the youth and this has happened even in Mawlai.
These students expressed their gratitude to the State Government for taking the initiative to bring them safely home in such a situation where they have faced difficulties and anxieties while far away from home. .
I would like to thank the political parties, political parties, government officials, MLAs, ministers who have encouraged and supported us.
After the incident, he was given medical treatment and after that, he returned home.
The incident was captured by CCTV cameras installed inside the prison.
Remember that the term 'Laiphew Syiem Khatar Doloi' came into being after the British came to power, because it appeared after the overthrow of the great Pnar kingdom which became known as the Jaintia Hills. District and empower the Doloi who are only Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, Lber 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today mourned the passing away of Purno Agitok Sangma, one of the prominent figures of the state. good in the whole of India.
Rynsun can also protect against high blood pressure and cancer.
He said there is no difference between the post of interim prime minister or full prime minister as the goal and commitment is the same.
On the government's introduction of the MRSSA, he said that this will not prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state and only the ILP can prevent the illegal entry of people into the state.
“He spoke in support of the government and I thank him for that.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya and his delegation were welcomed by Bangladesh Police near Tamabil in the presence of senior government officials.
Shillong: U Bah Rana Kharkongngor, one of the most famous singers of Khasi Hills, passed away this morning while undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS, according to reports.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The BSF 100 Battalion in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police on Saturday seized 270 byrni of sugar weighing 13,500 kilograms. 5,40,000 lakh from Paulpara village on the border with Bangladesh.
To date, Pesina produces wines from the king, carnation, trun and from the unique flowers of Garo known as Me.
Even today there are other groups who take advantage and forcibly explain the story of Kiang Nangbah just to fit their ambitious goals of building a new Hima in India.
“The state government has set a target that before the Christmas season, the department will work to achieve 100% results and this will be arranged to be achieved in the next few days”.
The lack of attention of the police department in recent years has caused a lot of trouble to the pedestrians to jam from one side to the other side of the road especially when passing through the Zebra Crossing due to the speeding of vehicles. You have to walk carefully and think carefully before any tragic incident happens.
Speeches were delivered by Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Damki Suchiang, Head of Khatkasla, Esyndet Dkhar from Barato, C Tangliang, Head of Iooksi Iapkhla and Congress Candidate Nehemayah Tyngkan.
He said they have received an email from the Ministry requesting to inform them of the receipt of funds for the ongoing work on the BADP online management system (OMS).
The HNLC said that the Congress government in Meghalaya led by Mukul Sangma had proposed and rejected after talks with the HNLC in
“This proposal to relocate the KHADC office is because the office we have now has become very crowded and has affected the work of many people because as you know this office includes “There are three powerful departments, the Executive Committee, the Legislative Committee and the Judiciary.
Six months after the Mangtyngka Dorbar, the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya has issued an order in relation to a Writ Petition filed last year, regarding the appeal against the preparation of the Gradation List. promotion of officers in one of the offices of Government departments, in accordance with the Job Reservation Policy of the State; The Court was told that there is no Roster System in the State and the Hon'ble Judges had to ask how the Reservation Policy was implemented without the Roster.
Kharsyntiew said that many of the contract teachers in government schools have worked for more than 9 years. During these 9 years, their working hours have been 59 days and after 59 days, He said that the teachers have also completed the Dl.
Best Team: Umniuh Tmar Football Club The men who won various awards after their best performance during the 3 days: Hero of the Tournament: Wonderful Khonglam Mawshun.
The donation was made in response to the Chief Minister's appeal to all to contribute as much as possible as part of the fight against COVID-1
These wise men were named Melchior, Caspar, and Balthasar.
Nongpoh, March 25: The Khasi Jaintia Students Union (KJSU) Guwahati Unit has organized a annual event to encourage students and young people who work hard in Guwahati. In 2022, the Union has held a meeting to distribute awards to the students who have passed well in various examinations and also to those who work. as teachers and health workers in Guwahati.
Blood health should be low in cholesterol including foods high in fiber and vegetables.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 18: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, Shillong in collaboration with the Social Welfare Department, the Health Department, the C&RD Block and the District Legal Services Authority, Nongstoin will conduct a Health Camp cum Awareness Program on NALSA scheme and Government Welfare Scheme on the theme “Bridging the Gap” on the 20th of this month from 10 am at St John Bosco Higher Secondary School, Nongkhroh-Rambrai.
The government gives, the people take.
He said that the allegation that the TMC is a party that supports the Bangladeshis is just a misleading ploy to mislead the people of the state.
These battalions will also be deployed near Karbi Anglong and also on the Nagaland border.
The Seng Khasi also celebrated the 100th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaïaw.
However, the poor condition of the road has caused a lot of trouble to them as the road which is only 13 km long has to be driven for two hours.
“To take this decision, as it is a matter of life and death, it would be better to take the voice of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah 21, 2013, has called upon the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie said that the Organic Mission implemented by the MUA II government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma since 2014 has failed because the farmers have lost their crops due to the implementation of this mission without consideration. The sea will affect the farmers.
Regarding the issuance of permits from the government, the leader of the meat farmers' union said that as of now, no meat farmers have received a permit. real smugglers, but who use the permit in other ways, he added.
In this statement, the FKJGP, KSU, HNYF and RBYF have sent their warning to the State Government that if the Electricity Department does not remove MK Chettri from the post of Director, Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited and if it does not cancel the handover of 56 Sub Stations to M/S Broadcasting Engineering Consultants India Limited (BECIL) from Noida, UP to carry out operation and maintenance, in case of any protests, Dundee C Khongsit, General Secretary, FKJGP, FKJGP, said in a statement: “Who would have thought that the writing would fail just because of the that the man does not know how to spell; but this happened in Uttar Pradesh.
They said that during the six days of fasting, there has been no response from the Government or the team of doctors to check the health of these two.
“It is your MLA as Minister who has withdrawn the notification regarding the building bylaws of the government which we the villages in Mawryngkneng have suffered and opposed strongly in those years until we have been destroyed. you're tied up," said Bah Pynïaid.
The Rajasthan government today suspended the use of these devices as they do not meet the requirements.
But before leaving I looked up and saw a soldier sitting on a saddle, holding a gun to shoot anyone who stole things from the temple.
As an actor, Akshay has grown well in his career and all this is due to the support of the audience for the films he has acted and starred in.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Mawlai Dorbar Shnong, Mawdatbaki, said that the speed breaker was built on the night of Saturday, 18th November They have met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, to request for the installation of a speed breaker at the site to avoid injuries.
Meanwhile, three others did not have proper documents to travel in the country and police have arrested them and registered a case against them under the provisions of the law.
He said the RBSU demands that the government should immediately release the five month salary of the SSA teachers. They demanded that the salaries of the deficit teachers should be paid and also on the lack of salaries of those teachers in government schools and those who have just been appointed recently. She feels that the salary suspension is only due to the lack of performance of the employees in the education department.
The involvement of the police in inciting the riots cannot be denied despite their knowledge of the premeditated incident.
When asked how he felt, Ma Sniawbha, recalling that his brother won the ticket from the Congress party, last time, Bah Stand, said, “I don't know how to say, it depends. “I know how to get the channel,” he said.
Speaking to media after the opening of the first meeting of the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam to discuss the boundary settlement for the seven disputed areas, Himanta Biswa Sarma said , “From now on, the Regional Committees of the two states will start visiting the border dispute areas.
After this, a team of police from the Crime Scene Unit rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation.
The complaint was lodged after a woman named Bantilis Nongrum died on Monday due to allegations that the authorities in charge of the hospital have not taken action especially the doctors at the government hospital.
Nongtraw said that in 2014, they had a plan to reach peace and talks with the state government, as proposed by the Governor and Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma.
The director of photography is Rockyland Laloo. The song features the tyngshop, Tredaki Ryngkhlem and the puron, Deviland Khymdeit, Favor Khymdeit and Lumlang Lapang. the acceptance of the Ri-Bhoi Imperial Studio.
Perhaps this is the law that they should not claim for Schedule tribe.
For people who have tested positive for this disease to get treatment.
In the elite category, Deibormitre Khonglah, Wadamehipaia Khonglah, Pynioladmi Pala, Wachandame Lamare, Heiwadathrang Suchiang and Winner Talang.
“This issue is not an issue of ethnic discrimination or an issue of causing ethnic conflict because the issue itself is related to what is right and wrong, impartiality and justice,” said Bernita.
Those Jews who had benefited and settled in Babylon feared that freedom would lose all their benefits, while others feared that the change in government would prolong it. more than slavery in a foreign land.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkrang said he would be pleased if the seven-time MLA from Pynthorumkhrah and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, would be the BJP candidate to contest the Lok Sabha elections. and Shillong.
It also has a social and economic impact.
Shillong: A meeting between the farmers and the Hima Mylliem will be held tomorrow at 9 pm to announce the withdrawal of the kilo cut from the farmers.
The NCDIR monitors for non-communicable diseases, such as tuberculosis, diabetes, high blood pressure and stroke and stroke.
The Meteorological Department has also announced that tomorrow, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms, with wind speeds between 30 and 40 kilometers per hour. rainfall, heavy, in parts of the state.
This will also help to enable MeECL to make better use of MeECL's electricity generation capacity by improving the use of other clean and environmentally friendly electricity generation methods.
Hek said that the BJP has not won many elections in 2023, because the people do not understand the development that the BJP has brought especially the position of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi has done it for the whole of Meghalaya.
J Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, also announced the launch of the Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyan campaign and its objectives to make India free from drugs and alcohol.
Nongtalang College was established in 1988 by the Nongtalang Dorbar Shnong and was registered under the Meghalaya Societies Registration Act, XII of 1983 and recognized by the UGC under Section (B) & 2(f) of the UGC Act,
However, Shylla did not approve other constituencies to hold mid-term elections as he said that five constituencies are those where MDCs have resigned forcibly because they are afraid of being nominated and have resigned. He said that Nongkrem and Sohiong constituencies are the constituencies whose MDCs have resigned before the Act and they have given reasons for their resignation. He said that the mid-term elections should be held for these constituencies.
So that it will be according to the work they do every day.
Speaking to reporters, the Assistant General of the FKJGP, Bah Reginal Thabah, said that the party in a petition submitted to the Chief Minister on Tuesday has made it clear that the party does not support the FKJGP. The Prime Minister and the Government should suspend or transfer him to other departments from his current post so that he can destroy all the witnesses who will testify against him on the corruption revealed in the RTI.” If the government does not listen to the demands of the union for the safety of the investigation team and that the investigation will be thorough, we will lock down the office of the Director,” he said.
The issue of reservation policy has become more intense especially after the resignation of the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and with the support of many churches from across the Khasi Jaintia Hills. .
However, during the election, they remember us and if necessary, all the work is done.
Shillong: The debate between the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma in the House today cooled down after Bah Charles Pyngrope stood up to cool down. this is the answer.
Shillong, July 15: Ka Prof Badaplin War, who was also awarded the Padmashri by the Central Government on Saturday, said that the youth should be well trained before they learn. they shall take no decision in life.
He said that the handover to the private sector has led to the loss of MUDA according to the CAG report. ) in 2011 -12 rather than being handed over to the private sector.
The party urges the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to introduce this Bill as soon as it has done in the KHADC which has introduced the Khasi Social and Customs of Lineage Amendment Act
When the four seasons follow without interruption, when the rain falls regularly, it is time.
Ardent said that the Seng will send a letter to the Government in the coming days to demand the removal of the Chairman posts which are not necessary, but are a loss to the people. .
If the time is two hours a day.
Short speeches were also delivered by Bah Denis Kurkalang who briefly explained some of the precautionary measures to prevent the spread of this terrible disease.
Bah K.Wahlang, one of the farmers who works hard to grow motorcycles in the area, said that last year he earned more than 10 lakh tyngka from selling motorcycles but this year he has earned more than 10 lakh tyngka. and it is less than the motor.
Witness no 4, said that he was ordered on the night before the incident, to arrest Bah Cherish alive, but they should be very careful, whether they have firearms or not. Other members of the HNLC, who lived in the house, said that that night, he went to the house, carrying an AK and he said that he knocked on the door three times, but when no one answered, he broke the door and entered the house. and at that time, he shouted, “Stop stop”, but when he was only 2.3 feet away and when he did not stop at all, witness no 4, shot him, from the inner parts of your body.
So to escape the cold, he stood in front of the door of a shop in the market with a clean shatri.
He said that the VPP has not only promised in words, but will do in deed by striking as a demand from the government to renew the employment quota.
“It has been affected because of the slow rainfall and we expect that in the next two weeks, the rainfall will fall,” he said.
Owaisi's remarks came in response to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's allegation that Muslims are the most productive.
The body of the woman was found lying in the field at around 7:00 pm or 7:30 pm on Saturday and immediately informed the police.
Because if the Jowai By-Pass road is good, it will help to reduce traffic jam in Jowai.
According to the government, about 10,000 households in the state including 5,000 in Garo Hills and 5,000 in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, will benefit from this scheme. and others.
The Seng strongly condemns the violence of these troops, as this violence by the troops happens from time to time.
Muizzu said that during his talks with the Indian government officials, the Indian government has agreed to withdraw the Indian troops from the border. - the Maldives and also said that India and Maldives will be able to work together on other issues that will improve the well-being of both countries.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marcus Marten President of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that the HNYF Northern Region cannot help but express its deep sorrow to see the courage of the insurgents. even government land.
The police chief said in a statement that the search for other members of the armed group is ongoing.
The Working President of the UDP, who is also the former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has said that EVMs are easy to steal. “There was a theft involving the employees of the company that manufactured the EVM machine and the technicians,” said Bah Bindo.
“Saleng is one of those who has expressed his desire to contest the MP election and who also wants to get a ticket from the Congress.
Begin with the knia of the khriam; pray to God to deliver the land from this sin.
These states include Uttar Pradesh, Goa, Manipur, Punjab and Uttarakhand.
He said the Minister has confirmed that she together with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will take the matter to New Delhi.
In Group A, Mookhain SC, Lelad SC, Larket SC and Pyrdung Moochut SC are the winners.
MDC Jirang Constituency, Bah Victor Ranee was the chief guest at the tree planting program in the presence of Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, Working President of CoRP, Bah GS Hat Finance Secretary of CoRP, teachers and elders. The meeting was conducted by Bah Bishar Khongkliam President of CoRP Byrnihat Circle.
Another student said that all the students were shocked when they learned of the incident and heard the gunshots and bombs near their place of residence.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on July 28, 2013, said that the Council is firm in its decision to oppose any attempt by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The State Government or the Central Government shall not explore or mine uranium in the State.
They say that if those Nongri Thlen do not fulfill the wishes of that Thlen, they can be honored in front of the people – Examples: A Thlen can turn into forty shapes and can enter a small tyndong bha and came and cleaned around the room in the room where many people were sitting.
The game was one-sided and was witnessed by the goalscoring and especially the ability of Mawreng to shock the players of Nangkiew by preventing them from scoring even a single goal in the match.
Apandanka finished with 6/40 in the first innings which took him to 11/85 in both the innings.
The meeting was held to demand the decision of all upper primary school teachers to hold a strong mass strike until the government implements the demands of MUPSTA. There are 844 Adhoc Upper Primary Schools in Meghalaya, said SR Marak, Vice President of MUPSTA-Central Body and President of MUPSTA Garo Hills Region.
A clear statement to the Government from our side is that the Government will keep its promise as it made before appointing this commission of inquiry, if the Government does not listen, on the part of Ka Sur The Nong Mawlai will take other measures, said the statement.
“I have spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam on this incident and he has promised to cooperate on this issue”.
With Birla's covid-19 case, it will be difficult to say whether it will affect the Lok Sabha session, which is currently underway.
On the following day, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh informed the parishioners to reopen the Parish Mawpdang.
“The Council has placed 85 kilos of fish in three ponds in Lailad in April, and we have allocated T.27 lakh to improve these ponds. remove and replace after the requirements have been met.
The deceased were identified as Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
The KSU also demanded that the Syiem should revoke the powers of the Hima Bhowal to foreign Rangbah Shnongs or Mulors in the form of Sanad so that they can misuse them. They have the authority to issue certificates to these people who came from Assam.
In another development, the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has sent a statement on the demonetization at Congress Bhawan Shillong today. MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang also spoke on the issue of violence against women, which the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee has raised and what happened especially in the beginning. year.
He also gave the example of Manipur by saying that many people did not think that the BJP would win.
Adokgre also known as “Chenanggre” or the place of victory is the place where Purno Sangma used to start his election campaign.
He said that the EC is still strong as only five parents are involved in finalizing.
Taking part in announcing the great deeds of these leaders, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that the passing away of these members of the Council is a great loss.
The donation ceremony was led by P Khonglah, Waheh Shnong of Sohkha Mission Village Durbar, Ma Manner, General Secretary, Ma VL Gadew, Assistant Waheh Shnong and Ma B Pohshna, Assistant Secretary.
In the second half, Hauni Laloo scored the goals in the 15th minute and Budsalang Nartiang in the 23rd and 27th minutes.
“Who is the Prime Minister who will keep secret the report of the HLCI which was prepared on his own advice? said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
In a statement, Laben, former Government Officer and Leader of ACHIK, said that he and Balkarin, Co-Chairman of GSMC, will continue to strike until The Prime Minister shall call for a meeting on the demands.
It is also appropriate to say that the peace of mind – the Power of God, will hold these shaïong- Ba-ïong, the surprised – they remember their Dates and Dei-Riti, which is the Understanding of God. as a Khasi, it will rule the mind, it is the Holy Spirit and the strength of the human being.
The Government has brought with it a blueprint, after rejecting the proposal of 25th June 2022 of the HPC that 200 square meters of land should be allocated to 342 units. households within the European ward in addition to the cost of their housing.
Pynursla, Jymmang 16: While the residents were sleeping, a strong storm which suddenly struck this morning has destroyed many houses in the villages in Pynursla area.
If we go to Bangladesh or Pakistan or other countries, those countries will not allow us and will not give us land to live in.
When asked, he said the party will prepare to contest the election to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and at present there are six candidates who have confirmed to contest. including Rongjeng Constituency.
Ladmawphlang has won, there is not a single case so far.
In terms of tourism, Meghalaya is a beautiful place of mountains, rivers, sounds, songs and beautiful natural surroundings and in this regard, the government intends to strengthen tourism in these days to come.
On the other hand, the drivers and transporters of coal and coal, request the authorities to take the initiative to resolve this issue by improving the thew, so that the coal trucks can run smoothly. I've been going for more than 2 months or 3 months.
We would like to thank the article writers who have contributed to the society through our newspaper.
The village has an interesting historical background about the Syiem Latympang who came to invade the village from the Shangpung area through his following the sword he shot from the cliffs of Tiniang Hill near Raliang.
The meeting was led by Samla Banbuddien Suting as President and Secretary. Jeffrey Lyngdoh, Vice President, Pyntngen Nongshli, Assistant Secretary. other members of the organization.
Hey, don't you want to go to the field? If you have a shisha, show it now before it's too late.
The bodies of these refugees were recovered from the collapsed area with the help of the villagers and the relevant government authorities have taken the bodies for further investigation.
Therefore, the Sordar of the raid.
Similarly, the illegal immigration of Bangladeshis to India will also enable them to trade and manage themselves, even in other trade activities such as agricultural products, coal, mining, etc. The JSU, after meeting with the Superintendent of Police and the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, demanded that these foreigners should be arrested and punished and also to look into the smuggling of cattle. .
This is the statement of Dr.A.Sinha, Gen.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Jyrwa encouraged the people to raise rice because rice farming helps to increase income especially in times of disaster.
Anupam Paul tied 26 runs off 22 balls, Prasanjit Chanda tied 20 runs off 14 balls and Bikram Pradhan took three wickets for the New Warriors. .
The chief guest who attended the finals was the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F.Kharshiing, Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang as the Chief Guest. At the end of the competition, the winner of the school category was OM Roy Secondary School, which won the title of OM Roy Secondary School. KC Secondary School came second with 3 gold and 3 bronze medals.
Alexander Laloo Hek said he expects the Government of India to implement more agriculture schemes to improve agriculture in Meghalaya.
Of these, 14 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills District, 14 cases in South Garo Hills District and 20 cases in West Garo Hills District.
The Court said that in the orders issued, it was clear that the State had set up an Expert Committee.
Ramdas Athawale – Minister of State in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment10.
All these are required according to the NEHU Statute and Ordinance which also requires the approval of the Academic Council,” he added.
The Ministry of Education has sent a letter to the President of FASToM, Bah Kenneth Shadap who is also the President of MUPSTA. The department has not ignored the demands of the Seng but the department has prepared everything regarding the proposal to increase the salary of Adhoc teachers by T.18,0 salary by 5% tmanla per year.
The number of cases in Delhi has risen sharply to 3,137 today, bringing the total number of cases to 53,1
In response to a request for anonymity, the KHADC replied that from 25th July, 2015 to 27th July, 2015, the CEM to Pynshngaiñ N Syiem went to Delhi with and members of FOCUSS for the meeting with the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Finance of the Union Government, to consider the demand for special allocation for the District Council, and a meeting with the Joint Secretary Finance, Government of India. to the Council.
The Rangbah Shnong, in his speech, said, “We are concerned about the rapid increase of this disease and NEIGRIHMS is nearby.
Is this an attempt to force the use of Hindi in the state?
The judges of the Inter-College Debate Competition were Dr. Pakha Tersia, MD Psychiatry, Subir Sangma and David Laitphlang, President of Shillong Press Club (SPC). NPP Youth Wing Spokesperson Bah Bajop Pyngrope.
Shillong: The number of candidates from the political parties has reached 12, 5 from the Congress, 5 from the NPP, 1 from the HSPDP and 1 from the PDF. Two leading leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Rongjeng constituency have joined the Trinamool Congress party. Sengnam M Marak is from the constituency.
The meeting was held at Narzimgarh Resort in Chynrem Rim, Bangladesh.
These numbers include 9774124321- District Disaster Management Officer, Khliehriat, 7005877634- Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block, 9612106744- Block Development Officer, Saipung C&RD Development Office Block25 and
KHANDULI: Leaders of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) to curb the illegal entry of foreigners through the Assam-Meghalaya border villages have visited Khanduli village to check the illegal entry of foreigners into the state on the 2nd of this month. this month.
Rahul also criticized the Modi government for the money laundering, saying he would relax the GST laws if he wins the 2019 elections.
Meanwhile, the Congress party has reached the ears of the President of the Congress party, Sonia Gandhi. Gandhi.
Shillong, November 30: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongum, on Tuesday said that we should follow the example of Kiang Nangbah and not just tell stories.
At the same time, he said that the departments that generate revenue for the Council include the Land Revenue, Forest, Administration of Justice, Market, Trade, Stationery and Printing, Land Revenue, Revenue. from vehicles, Professional Tax, Civil Works Department, Miscellaneous Receipt, Gate Tax, assistance from the State Government and also from the Khasi Hills Building Structural Regulatory Authority.
In another development, DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, expressed his regret over the damage caused by the floods in Garo Hills, Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills districts as well.
Baghmara, Jymmang 1: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that although the Congress party won the most MLAs in 2018, the people have voted for the Congress. The BJP has been in power in the state but it is the BJP which has ignored the demand of the people by appointing Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister.
Here you can see the Fly-Shuttle Frame used by the manufacturers working in this manufacturing plant.
The photograph has been circulating on social media, in which Tharoor has posed with Supriya Sule, Baramati MP, Preneet Kaur, Patiala MP, South Chennai MP Thamizhachi Thangapandian and South Chennai MP Mimi Chakravorty. Nushrat Jahan, MP from Basirhat and S Jothimani, MP from Karur.
They were rushed to Pynursla CHC, where they were pronounced dead before being taken to hospital.
The President of the MPUF said that the MPUF has already met with the authorities of NEHU and the Ministry of Education on the proposal to establish an education department in Wah Iajer. bring this department of education to the university.
In fact, according to the order, the DC has banned the gathering of more than three people around the city and townships after the riots caused by the FKJGP march in the month of already on youth employment.
Other illiterate countries are Africa, South America and some Middle Eastern countries.
Nongpoh: A day after the supporters of Bah Julias K. Dorphang, arrived late and could not register their names at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Nongpoh, on Saturday, the leaders of the Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC), They have filed the nomination of Bah Julias K. Dorphang, who will contest as an independent candidate from the Mawhati Assembly Constituency.
