At the closing ceremony, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest, was present in the presence of other office bearers of FKJGP, including Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang and others.
“Actually, I don't want to say anything like that.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shangpung Unit has announced that it will award the Maitshaphrang Award 2020 at the Auditorium Hall on 19/12/2
He said that the resignation of Kong Ampareen will accelerate the CBI to move forward because while she continues as Minister, there may be obstacles and challenges from time to time.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The body of a Khasi girl from Delhi, Bahun Marbaniang, 35, has been found in her house in Delhi. this is the city of Delhi.
And this was written by Zechariah in the Book of Zechariah in the years 520 – 500 B.C.
The death of Sushant Singh Rajput has become a source of condemnation among politicians, his father's family and others who have been insulted.
Between 1978 and 2023 there were many events and changes in the administration, while the State declined.
However, the party said that it will not stand idly by and will continue to fight if there are still foreigners who earn money illegally.
The parents or relatives of the child have been ordered to come to work within four months from the date of publication of this news, otherwise he will be released for adoption under the Juvenile Justice Act 2000 and the Guidelines Governing Adoption. 2015.
This organization is the organization of the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sordars and Wahadadars of the Khasi Himas who are the rulers of the Himas or Elaka who have been born with the people since ancient times. ka"Federation of Khasi States"'.
Khliehriat, July 21: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District today announced the release of Ration for the month of July 2022 in East Jaintia Hills District.
“I talked about allowing others but everyone said stand first you (me).
The District Council has sent a letter to Pa'iem Freeman saying that he is no longer the Syiem of the district. Hima Sohra has been suspended.
Assam won six gold medals in the event.
“On the other hand, the party wishes this athlete a safe arrival and to bring glory to the state and the country as a whole.
However, recently, the FIE, the world's leading fencing federation, has allowed the fencers from these two countries to return to the country. foreign sports and which has become the first Olympic Games among others to open the door once again for the athletes of these two countries.
He caught the 50 kilo fish at noon on the 3rd of July, 2016 and the race to catch the fish lasted only half an hour.
He said he does not hate the NPP but the demons inside it.
She said that until the report is received, it cannot be verified whether it is really neem mixed with urea as alleged but the department has taken steps to prevent any incident. .
The statue of King Nangbah was sculpted by Sainbor Kharmaw Phlang and Dani Khyriem.
It is believed that the bombing was a warning to Russia not to launch a war against Ukraine.
The players and teachers include Leonard Wankhar, Assistant Coach, Sushma Thapa, Physio and Darishesha Mawroh, Trainer. head coach.
Then they gave them some bread to eat, saying, “Eat this last bread before you die”.
The implementation of the second phase of the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission has increased fish production from 12329.851 MT in 2016-17 to 16123 MT in 2020-2
New York: The search for a US fighter jet continues.
He said that some of those who witnessed the incident said that it was the mistake of the driver of the Prime Minister and the question now is who tried to kill whom.
"If you are in trouble or in death, who can help you quickly? Those who are near or far away? Who do you need more than those who are far away or those who are far away?" ? We have buried and we all know that the far away tribes have more inheritance and those near tribes have less inheritance.
U Bah Mawthoh, sent a statement, which reads as follows – Paralok Journalist, I would like to express here my deep regret over the news on social media regarding the 5G Cellular technology produced by Amelia Teron on the Facebook group Antor who accused me of saying that 5G has something to do with the Corona virus and
He said that before entering the state, the driver and follower of these trucks have been tested to ensure that they are free of the disease.
The new cases include EJH: 1, EKH: 109, NGH: 1, RBD: 32, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 10, WGH: 7, WJH: 7 and WKH:
Macmillan Byrsat, who is also the District President of the NPP in West Khasi Hills, has been appointed as the Chairman of the National Committee. 15 October 2022.
During the celebration, the lyndan chiefs also distributed equipment and assistance to those with disabilities who came to participate in this programme.
So far, only the Deputy Commissioners and SPs of West Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills have met and discussed the incident.
The relationship between India and Thailand has always existed," he added.
He said that as the BJP is in power in the central government, the state government has left for Delhi to meet the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Home Minister. , Amit Shah to announce this.
The family members of the injured have lodged a complaint at Byrnihat Police Outpost and the complaint reveals the name of Johny Nongrum, a member of the KSU in Ri Bhoi. Police Fear.
The reason why the residents want to postpone the time is because the villages in this area do not get electricity at the right time due to the rain and wind and if they have to get electricity, MeECL has extinguished the power outage in this area from 9 pm to 12 noon and This has affected the residents of the area and many of the students have to study to prepare for various examinations in colleges and also disrupt mealtimes and before bedtime.
I would like to prevent the children from choosing the opportunities just because there is such a feeling,” said the SymbudMyntri Rangbah.
The people should also turn back to the past and the present.
In the past few days, the union has not been able to ignore the attack on the people of the area by bloodthirsty people suspected to be Bangladeshis which happened in War Jaintia via the Bah Dawki-Jowai road.
“If this happens every year, the time will come when all the dohum will disappear and only a memory of this river will remain,” said S.Bamon General Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle. .
The BSF Chief has expressed his concerns to the Bangladesh Border Guard Chiefs.
It doesn't matter, even though I have followed the guidelines, Coronavirus has entered our house last month through me.
Foreign residents are employed in all quarrying or workplaces where there are no quarries.
“Meghalaya has turned 50 years old and we are still celebrating its 50th anniversary, but when we look back at the problems faced by the people, we see that one after another the problem never ends.
Mawngap Police Station together with Shillong Police on receiving a tip, rushed to the scene and arrested three persons including Sondor L.Nonglait, Hiningstar Lyngkhoi, Willingness Thabah and u Didbali English.
Many, too, have been waiting and waiting for the rain to fall.
This village has the highest number of votes in the Raliang Constituency.
“If the BJP won only two MPs in the 1980s and is in power now, do you think it wouldn't be the same for the ethnic parties?” he asked.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on Friday at Khliehtriat.
At this juncture, I stand up to express my support as part of achieving the goal.
“This scheme is not only a development project brought in by the CM for the benefit of the rural villages and it is also an Act in which the provisions of the Act have to be followed. “The CM has not released the funds allocated for the purchase of equipment because the state government cannot pay the 10% that should be paid by the state government,” said Bah. PB Sylliang, and added that it is on this basis that the government has not released any material funds for two years which has brought about the delay in the implementation of this scheme. Vendor) to assist in the implementation of this scheme,” he added.
Shillong, March 20: The Seng Kur Wahlang celebrated its Silver Jubilee and Dorbar Bah on the 4th of this month at the Community Hall, Mission Compound Shillong in the presence of nearby Kur members and from a distance as well.
“I remember when I was 16 years old, when the KHADC took over this forest,” said Bah Wester Sawkmie, one of the elders of Sohkhwai.
When the land owners complain, they are falsely accused of violating the village law.
Conrad K Sangma said the cost of setting up BOPs will be T.2 crore per month and the cost of one Out Post will be T.1.50 crore. per month and 7 BOPs will not be less than Rs 14 crore per annum.
It is learned that a few minutes after the incident, both the vehicles suddenly caught fire until the residents could not do anything.
Most of the companies have now started to reduce their workforces as they have always relied on technologies to get work done.
“In the second and third sets I started to get down in form, but I fought hard to earn points and in the end I was able to pull out the win.
He also explained that it is necessary for the children who have dropped out of their studies to return to school for their own benefit.
However, most of them enter four to five people by contributing to raise the entry fee and if they are lucky enough to get the buskit, they share the money. Out of the 10,000 rawon who receive buskit, only 20 or 40, while the rest have to pay for the entrance fee, the vehicle fee, the food and drink, especially those who drink alcohol.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has received information that some private individuals have called for the organization of a football league using the name of the Thadlaskein Sports Association.
In my personal opinion, I suggest to the governments of Meghalaya and Assam not to make this a political issue but to stand on the basis of the law passed under the Assam Re-organisation (Meghalaya) Act. 1969 which established the exact line between Garo Hills District and United Khasi & Jaintia Hills District and that line became the line or boundary of Meghalaya and Assam.
After the cleaning of the Nala, the Seng Longkmie Mawroh has also put up signboards with the words strictly prohibited to stop the dumping of garbage in the Nala. strongly against the rebels.
“The Reservation and Roster should not bring a sense of frustration and sadness to the youth but should bring a sense of happiness to the youth. we should be wise about this so that the youth don't feel left out," he said.
Bah Storgy, who was arrested from Mawlynrei on 2nd October, was brought back to court on Tuesday after expiring his 10-day remand.
Continuation As soon as Lanosha received the phone, she told Bah Deng everything that Kongthei Daplin had said at her house.
So far, the Congress party has won 118 constituencies in the state, which has a total of 224 constituencies.
In terms of counting time and years, the menkulong are based on the activities of mankind including
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Government is waiting for some more names of people for the appointment as Chairperson of the Expert Committee set up to review the State Reservation Policy.
The program was enriched by songs, dramas, skits, traditional dances and others with the participation of students from different schools from the district.
T.Thangkhiew, Development Manager of NABARD, Jaintia Hills, explained about the Prime Minister's desire to make India a country of SURE. Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary.
He caught the fish at 10 am after more than an hour of fighting.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hametson Dohling congratulated the KSU Nongthliew Circle for taking this initiative to hold such tournaments which is one of the ways to develop talented youth. the games.
However, the Court said, “If possible, a referendum should be held or a vote by the people on this issue so that women can get their rights”.
He first appeared in football as a player for Rangdajied, formerly known as Ar Hima.
Dr. Ampareen was speaking at a meeting convened by Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh at Nongrah before distributing the tins of household items to 34 households whose houses have been destroyed. don't help.
The chief guest was the Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah W Nongsiej, BDO of Mairang Block, Bah CP Mawkon, officials of government departments. various within the district, village leaders, teachers and students.
Branson, 70, was the first to fly into space, even before Elon Musk, who went and returned on his Virgin Galactic spacecraft.
We cannot survive by asking for money from others without paying our own way.
What prompted us Sohra residents to write or remind us about this is the announcement made by the Chief Minister (Conrad Sangma) on 28th July, 2021 on social media platforms and newspapers. on the topic, “New Districts in the State”.
“We are deeply concerned that although many areas in the state have been exempted from the implementation of the CAA 2019, the state will be severely affected by the floods from other areas. that state especially in Assam.
The party will not listen to this action of the government and will consult with other party members and will soon gather the village and Elaka headmen together with the people to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state. said the President of the party, Samla Jersom Shylla.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma while talking to reporters after the second round of border talks for the six other states. The incident occurred at the Assam State Guest House, Koinadora, Khanapara, Guwahati.
This is exactly what happened in Meghalaya.
When they saw that their behavior had changed, they asked them to find out the truth, but they didn't want to tell the truth.
The Transport Department has been preparing for the plan to operate buses from Shillong to Dhaka since
Thus the people of the land were amazed.
“Of course not yet.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Aibor said that during the meeting, they discussed especially the issue of Block-1 as this block has been part of the Block-1 since ancient times. The Jowai Civil Sub Division was forcibly transferred to Mikir Hills and North Cachar Hills District.
They also said that if the government does not believe them, they will take to the streets again and hold a stronger protest even if it reaches the point of starvation.
“The reason why we won many seats is because we are in the ruling party and another is because we have worked a lot for the people,” he added.
The woman was taken to Goalpara for treatment, police said.
Salan Swer, Range Forest Officer, Pasadwar Range, Range Forest Officer, Pasadwar Range, also unfurled the tricolor flag of India. and this day.
Conrad's remarks came at a time when the NDA Government is trying to introduce a law like the Uniform Civil Code and other laws that could affect the people.
Phlinsida Suting, resident of Wahiajer village, West Jaintia District, passed away on 13/07/2
“So, how can these students come to sit for the central examination? This means that 90 percent of the colleges in the state do not need to sit for the common entrance examination,” he said.
Pakistan needs to curb the activities of terrorists.
D Karthik, who contested the election for the ward membership of the Periyanikenpalayam Union in Coimbatore district, received only 10 votes.
Shillong, November 12 : The Seng Women's Association Jaïaw Langsning on Tuesday launched the celebration of the Golden Jubilee or 50th Anniversary of the service of the Seng Women in the society and the community.
Referring to the ethnic parties, James said all the ethnic parties in Meghalaya have already fallen under the umbrella of the BJP and only the Congress party can He said that the defection of MLAs who are also Ministers of the State Government has not affected the party. party because instead of them, the party has got others who are more skilled.
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti – Minister of State in the Ministry of Rural Development11.
Shillong, July 23: U Ma Baitlang Pohsngap today announced that he will contest the MDC election 2014 from Jowai South Constituency as an independent candidate.
“This is something that people are starting to turn to us for.
Look at the construction of the legislature that collapsed the dome.
He said that it is up to the Rangbah Shnongs to gather the people when they want to get the voice of the people. mih answer" he said again.
In Shillong, the examination centers for the SSLC will be at Synod College where 40 students will sit, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School where 25 students will write the examination and Government Girl Higher. In Secondary School, 32 students will write the examination, while in Tura, one student will write the examination.
The Governor urged the people to be pious and God fearing as only that can bring about a better and prosperous society.
“After we have confirmed with the evidence, we will be able to say what we have decided,” he said.
He said that the police should not speak against the party or force it to cancel the upcoming National Games.
The farmers said that they are eager to see the film and when the film Lyngkar is released in the cinema they will issue a fare to travel by bus and I'll see the Secretary and I'll be happy.
Meghalaya has reported 564 deaths from COVID-19 with 13 deaths in the past 24 hours on Sunday.
At present, the government for the ration or PDS item, provides rice, atta, and alcoholic beverages to those who have ration cards in different villages.
They hope that this promise of the Prime Minister will also come into force within this year after the end of the election.
Police took him to Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment, but from Nongpoh he was taken to MIMHANS, Shillong. , but was pronounced dead before reaching the hospital.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 28: The WKSU has demanded and expressed its full support to the demand of the people of Malangkona to have their own police station in the border area with Assam.
The government will send the money to their bank accounts, but it has also decided to appoint advisors who can explain to them how to use the money and what kind of jobs they can choose. money should not be wasted but should be able to give them life.
So far, the central government has borrowed Rs 42,000 crore through this special facility at an interest rate of 4.7712%.
Education is one of the greatest assets of man in this technological age and without knowledge, it is very difficult for man to keep pace with this technological world.
He said that this land which is about 2 acres will be used as a place to accommodate the people when they submit their complaint to the government.
This will be constructed under the Khelo India Scheme at a cost of Rs 8.54 crore.
The words say, “You were never a man, who should live like that, so I left you” and she says, “I was never a woman either, as I should have been, but now and I am sure that I shall be so.
After a thorough discussion, it was decided that all non-Congress political parties should work together in this regard to bring victory and to eradicate corruption in the Congress governments.
Informing that all Government Departments have implemented 30% promotion, Conrad said, “Instead of appointing vacancies, we will now fill them with promotion”.
The protesters in the past few months have been demanding the government to immediately implement the Bengal Frontier Regulation Act 1873, which is a special protection law against foreigners. including mynder and foreign states.
Ernest said this while criticizing the statement by the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek, that there is an intention to remove Bah Ernest as President of the BJP Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister District Level U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 will be inaugurated tomorrow 9th June by EMH Passah who is also the Working President of WJDSA, Jowai.
JICA signed a social agreement with the Government of India in October this year to provide an additional loan of Rs 2942 crore from the Japanese Official Development Assistance in Assam.
“Pastor Basaiawmoit said that he has been serving the church for many decades and until today, even though he has retired from the post of pastor.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP Meghalaya President Khlursing Lyngdoh said the party is in the midst of preparations to nominate candidates in many constituencies for the upcoming GHADC elections.
The election documents have been directed to be handed over to the Registrar General of the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
Luikham, who is 50 years old, committed suicide at 7:30 pm this morning.
Shillong, March 13: For the first time in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) elections, polling stations in the state have been empty without voters. The polling station in four polling stations was empty without anyone taking part.
However, he said that some of these documents cannot be made public.
Bah AL Hek said that as one of the elders, he likes to plant trees even outside the state because it is his responsibility to preserve the environment. Heaven is the work of man so we need to plant many trees to restore the faded color of nature.
We need access to proper information regarding investigations by states.
These photographs were taken on March 4, 2023, and the photographs show the extreme deterioration of the road which is filled with potholes and the complete disappearance of the colorful road.
Dr Laloo said that out of 308 land owners, only 17 have not come forward to collect the land fee.
When asked about the case, the NPP candidate said, “After the Election Commission has issued the rules, the party has informed and informed as it should do”.
On Saturday, Kumar was arrested by Delhi police and sent to jail for five days of questioning.
This has caused a lot of trouble to the people as well as the vehicles.
Shillong, July 16: Ka KHNAM has sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya regarding the order of the Dhaka District Administration to evict 700 Khasi families from Nahar Punji area of ​​Srimangal Upazila. in Moulvibazar for about 75 years.
““As a group that has visited all the villages on the border, we have seen the loss of our fellow citizens in this border settlement and we have also seen the loss of lives and severe damage.
The walk was held after receiving permission from the Wildlife Department as the walk area and the hill are within the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
Let us teach them that wisdom is not only from the mind, but we must know how to live and how to live.
“The lack of adequate teachers to teach Garo language in schools has put Garo students in great difficulty to receive adequate education to read Garo.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, has written to Home Minister Amit Shah, demanding the rectification of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
C.Chalam 57′, 65′, 66′.
Speaking to media, she said that as she has seen that the NPP supports the CAA, she urged all the national parties to vote for the Congress candidate, because of the support of the NPP. The CAA has made it clear that it is a party that cannot bring benefits to the state.
The SSSS also urged the Government to demand his expulsion from the state.
The people and the government have stood together on this,” he said.
Somehow you got an idea about the Network.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the party today in Nongstoin.
One house in Mawjam, Mawkynrew Block was also damaged by the earthquake.
On this occasion, the youth of farmers from different villages of Haryana will take part in the march.
Amlarem, July 3, 2013: The Seng Samla Syndai Mission (Syndai Mission) in Syndai Village, Amlarem Sub Division, has cleaned up the area. sum of the King of Jaintiapur which is still called Rupasor.
“It cannot be said that the appointment of 60 foreign consultants by the Meghalaya government with a salary of more than Rs 1 lakh per month shows that the government has spent billions of rupees per annum. people," said Mr. Louis.
Those who violate will be punished according to the Excise Rules & Act.
Coal production in the country increased from 716 MT in FY21 to 777 MT in FY22, an increase of 8.5%.
“Although we have announced to cancel the strike, the State Government should ensure that the money reaches the bank accounts of the students within two days,” said Enlang.
“He said it is important as teachers to serve their job properly to improve the education of the children in Meghalaya.
“It has nothing to do with the customs and traditions, the customs and traditions will only affect if the women want to become Rangbah Shnong because this is unprecedented and this is because of many reasons. Women cannot be Rangbah Shnong because they have many responsibilities in their homes and this will be the responsibility of men”.
In a meeting before the match, Lajong coach Bobby L Nongbet said that the team is looking forward to a good game against Namdhari tomorrow. The team is still hopeful after beating TRAU in the last match.
“This is part of the government's plan to empower women,” he said.
The CEM encouraged and congratulated the MDCs who will contest the bye election and Bah Chyne said, “If the party sends strong candidates they will win, but if the party sends strong candidates They will not be able to win and the election will be like that.
Shillong: U Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem, MLA of Shella Constituency, will be sworn in tomorrow, 25th March 2019, at 3.30 pm by the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly. office of the State Legislature.
Dr Donkupar also expressed this view while speaking at an information session organized by the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) on the topic of the survival of the language and the survival of the nation at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong.
Aadhar cancellation in Nongstoin For those who live in West Khasi Hills and want to cancel Aadhaar, please come to the office of KSU, Nongstoin from tomorrow 31st March to 2nd November , to receive assistance, said a statement from Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who is a member of the Meghalaya People's Committee on Aadhar.
“What is the point of saying to promote tourism in this state when the indigenous people don't have any income but it is losing income, if the government doesn't take care of them all there is no point in promoting tourism. " said Donbok.
It included the Khaddar rulers, who were related to social, cultural and religious matters.
He said that the reason why the Garo people living in these border villages have decided to stay in Meghalaya is after some officials of the Assam government have informed them. , that the Assam government will allocate only three parts of land to each household, but the farms and vacant land are all government land.
Having already defeated Nagaland at home in the round robin stage, Meghalaya will have a certain advantage in the final but Nagaland, on the other hand, will be playing on home turf.
In 2004, she won gold medals at the Women's Boxing World Cup in Norway, and in 2005 she won gold medals at the Asian Women's Boxing Championship in Taiwan and the AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship in Russia.
Kwilness Suchiang welcomed the guests and wished the Company to continue to grow and especially to contribute to the society.
It is likely that the newest NPP candidate will contest against his former colleagues Vincent Pala and George Lyngdoh in the upcoming MP elections.
However, the crowd in front of the DC's office is frightening to see as more than 1000 people gather in one place every day.
Rejecting the statement by the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma that the two states should no longer sign the MoU, Hek accepted the decision of the parties involved in the MoU. The MDA government should reconsider the social border settlement.
The number of cases of 86,432 is the highest in India in a single day so far.
The IMD has been operating in India since 1875 during the British rule. The purpose of its establishment is to monitor the environmental quality of the environment. the year 1890 was only the beginning.
In the elections, there is a lot of competition for those who are not good at speaking.
Among the elders who may be mentioned should be those who understand the rule of law, the law and those who stand in the middle without being biased towards any political party or any ethnic group.
Lambok Starwell Marngar, Vice President Biangbor L Paliar and General Secretary Donald V Thabah were found to be no candidates. .
RSS leader Indresh Kumar said that once the eating of beef is stopped, the killing of devils will stop completely. of most people these days, to civilians.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan was the chief guest in the presence of Additional Chief Secretary, Dr. Shakil P Ahmed, IAS and Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor, Dr. BDR Tiwari. The meeting began with the commemoration of the heroes of the state from Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma who gave their lives for the sake of the country and the nation.
Iaw Shibdi was a longkmie whose clan was Lamin.
They also urged all the Khasi in Bangalore to be united and ready to help their fellow Khasi in any case.
Police said that in this incident, the robbers stole 255 boxes of cigarettes besides a router, DVR and CPU of the station.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, West Khasi Hills District won the bronze medal after beating Ri Bhoi District.
Although he is no longer with us these days, this government has gone on what he did not see for the benefit of our people”.
The family members said that the woman was wearing a blue dress and a blue dress which was about 5 feet tall and a blue shñiuh.
“When the Forum asked, “Why doesn't the Council have the information and documents that it should have?” they replied, “It's because of their stinginess. M.D.D.'s and C.E.M's right to leave"
In 2016, the Minister of PWD (Roads) Martin M.Danggo convened a meeting with the participation of other Government Ministers to discuss the implementation of this project, but so far the files have not been received. they are still stuck.
I request the government to take action against such a person.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Mawklot Bah M.Nongneng, the Secretary of the Village, the Rangbah Dong and the residents of the village.
He also says that many things will be revealed in the next few days.
Speaking on the occasion, the BDO urged the youths who came to the training to work hard in their favorite jobs and urged them to be successful in anything. what work they do.
“Our country has many beautiful places which not only attract tourists but also leave them in awe,” said Bah Paul.
There are currently 32 lakh devotees in Haridwar, who are taking part in the Mahashivaratri festival, which started on 11th October
The Dorbar Shnongs should also be empowered to search those who enter their Shnongs.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Three lakh 14,000 students from 10,586 Lower Primary and Upper Primary schools have received free school fees under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) scheme for the year 2013-2
Nongthymmai scored two goals through B Taro in the 37th and 40th minutes of the first half.
The meeting was held in response to a letter from the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District requesting for the list of jait and kur not included in the district council.
He said that voting is not only a right, but also a responsibility of all citizens.
At the same time, he said that no one can stop the rnga burners and they will not comply but if there is no one to buy rnga they will not burn at all.
This deterioration of the road has caused problems to the people who go to the Police Station in Nartiang for legal matters, and also to the school children who go to school in Nartiang. , Ummulong, Jowai to Shillong and other places which have to pass through this road.
Tura: A businessman from Assam has been killed in Damal Asim of Daddengre area of ​​West Garo Hills after he refused to pay T.50,000 to robbers.
They also demanded that the Central Government should include the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for jhur, soh and milk. The farmers in Delhi have vowed to protest and take to the streets if the Government remains silent on this issue, said Bah Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew, Coordinator in charge of the five farmers. the States of the Northeast.
In another match, Ïatyllilang Sports Club beat Dilingiem YSCWA 3-1
“We will be calling everyone together because we understand that this is a very important issue and so everyone needs to be involved to understand the facts.
Goa Chief Minister Pramod Sawant has tweeted that he has tested positive for the coronavirus.
“We don't know that in the Secretariat there is a threat to the people of the state,” said the statement.
JOWAI: The Border Security Force (BSF) of Muktapur BOP has seized 62 cows from 23-27 November.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, on Friday urged everyone to maintain peace and order after the clashes.
And we will also see that God will use Israel as His weapons of war in these last days.
Another discussion with the Chief Secretary was on the preparation of the amendment of the Meghalaya Residence Safety and Security Act by inserting Sections 3 and 4 of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 to authorize the detention of persons. They are not allowed to stay in this state.
So far, police have seized 114 stolen vehicles and arrested 48 persons involved in these activities and recovered a fine of T.22 lakh.
He requested that other leaders of Ri Khasi should speak on this issue at the Dorbar Synrai to be held within the Assembly to ensure that those 36 people who have responsibility for the jaidbynriew.
He said that the inability of the department to implement is a waste of public money and therefore, it should be implemented immediately.
The leaders of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum appealed to the public to follow the rules of driving on that day to avoid traffic jams.
According to the survey, there are 11420 people in Meghalaya who have injected drugs.
The discussions have been whether the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of JHADC will still be implemented after the High Court's decision. The VAB of KHADC has not been discussed yet.
As the beginning of the school, Ma Richard has invited admission from Nursery to Class 8 for the year 2023-24 and at the same time he has invited trials for students who have the ability to play football. .
How can we do that?
“There is a difference between a person who works hard and a person who is really hungry,” said the mother.
HUCC beat Khimusniang by 10 wickets in the opening match of the AJCA U-19 Boys' Cricket League at Jrisalein Chutwakhu, Jowai on Saturday.
He said that the NEHU authorities are trying to mislead by giving false explanations on the rules of the special allocation which the rules of NEHU clearly state that the 10% allocation is trying to mislead. She said that the 10% special allocation is wrong for NEHU to implement because in fact it is 10 marks.
If such activities are allowed, it will affect the smooth running and transparency of the Lok Sabha elections 2024 and may cause violence, violence among the people, leading to the breakdown of peace and order. the loss of lives and property.
But if they do not have children, we cannot call them marriage.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. H Kylla said that there are about 30 scientists and professors from the Central Universities and Institutes of the North East. There are two scientists from ICAR and he is the first from the Veterinary Department of the State Government.
(The author is a teacher at NEHU, Shillong).
Throughout the day, it was seen that the people of Nongpoh were eager to see Rahul Gandhi and it was seen that there were many people standing along the NH-6 in Nongpoh. Rahul Gandhi, who arrived at Madan Pahamsyiem, was packed with people.
When asked how many trees have been planted in the forest, Grace said that 9000 trees have been planted in the 20 hectare area.
Rymphang Kharkrang, Vice President Wanshai Kharshandy, General Secretary Mary Victoria Marwein and others have been appointed as President and President. including Executive Members.
At present, 52 schools and 6 colleges have participated in the competition and a total of 327 students have participated.
This is a species of tree worth billions of rupees in the Indian market and the seized trees are worth about 15 crore rupees.
He said that the district authorities and the State Government should punish severely those policemen involved in the incident, the manager and officers of the company by taking responsibility for the treatment of the company. The medical department also provides compensation to all those injured.
In this regard, the public is advised not to provide false information about the corona vaccine in any form and if anyone does such a thing, they will be punished. They will be tried according to the rules of law, said S Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
That truth cannot be hidden because the Word of God speaks.
The purpose of the construction is so that tourists who sit on these rope ways can see the city of Shillong.
Every believer must believe this, and those who are sick must believe it, because it is the commandment of the Lord Jesus, and the unbelievers have already been defeated, says the Word of God.
Speaking to media, Moses Kharbhithai, a member of the JNU Alumni, said that they came to express their strong condemnation over the attack at JNU, Delhi in which people were killed. They entered and beat and injured students, teachers and staff of JNU in Delhi.
In the meeting with the DC, we urged her to urge the state government to take action on these border crossings of Assam, because as it is now, Assam is getting worse because no one takes action. of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: “We will form an Executive Committee for the KHNAM after the MDC election 2014,” said KHNAM President Bah Pyndap Borthiaw Saibon. organization.
Therefore, in order to preserve the wildlife, the Village Authorities should cooperate closely with the Government and the Government will also empower the Village Authorities to make rules against those wildlife. citizens who have guns, that they should not openly shoot animals.
He said that in 2018-19, Rs 2 crore has been spent, 2019-2020 has been spent Rs 2 crore, 2020-21 has been spent Rs 2.5 crore, 2022-23 has been spent Rs 2.5 crore and an ambulance has been purchased. for the Union of Village Authorities of War Jaintia about 5 lakh tyngka.
Patel announced that he has tested positive for covid-19 on 1st March
They didn't want to sleep at home anymore but some of them carried their sleeping bags to sleep in the church so that if they died they would die with God.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on November 4, 2013, held a meeting with the heads of NHIDCL, Deputy Commissioners, all relevant departments and contractors to review the projects. The NHIDCL has been launched in Meghalaya.
Mandari Dkhar took two wickets for 20 runs in 2.4 overs while Badap Pura Nongkhlaw was named Player of the Match.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that this bill will free the farmers from the pressure and will open the market for their produce, so that they can They can get better prices by selling to larger markets and this will help increase the income of the farmers.
He said that he accepts the RDA's election of him as a poor and poor child who has no experience in politics but the RDA's appointment as a candidate has been an honor. and it shows that the RDA is a group of the poor, the needy and the needy.
Shillong, Naitung: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle on the 6th of this month visited the Police Station. , Shillong to urge and take action on the complaint lodged by a Khasi woman regarding the assault of a foreigner while she was driving a taxi.
The Forum has urged all the MLAs to send Bah Paul Lyngdoh as a candidate to the Rajya Sabha as he has become a political candidate. Paul Lyngdoh has been elected as a Member of the Rajya Sabha.
Therefore, when the opposition between the two became too strong, because of the spread of the disease, there was no longer any peace among the people.
Jowai, June 28: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. 1st of June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
There was also a voice of the people who shouted against Bah Donkupar Sumer, “If he still wants shuki, we will show it to him”.
They said that according to the findings of the FKJGP, there is a shortage of cleaners in these Sub-Centres and it is necessary to appoint cleaners so that these Sub-Centres can be clean. be very clean.
Reading said that the three things that God has given, the air, the water and the soil have been affected by the coke factories. “If we don't protect ourselves now, our children will come to bury us on the cemetery, there are up to 48 trees. coke in Sutnga area and there are those who tell me that even if only 15 coke works it will kill us and if we don't take strong action after 20 years we can't live and breathe He said that there are also people from abroad like Rajasthan, Assam and other states who come here to smuggle coke and encourage them to make coke. He also expressed his concern over the silence of Bah Kyrmen Shylla regarding the coke factories, as well as the meeting with Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tyngsong. tea spirit.
Saul (Paul) repeatedly proved that Jesus was the Christ.
Skhemborlang Marwein, a resident of Nongtrai and a Muay Thai player from our state, after winning the title in the tournament held recently in Chennai, will be awarded the title of to compete again in Thailand.
Another group of Sarot I Man (SIM) held a tree planting ceremony at Kiang Nangbah Memorial Park, Syntu Ksiar Square, Panaliar, Jowai on Sunday.
It is for this reason that we urgently need a heritage that will be a leader, an example and a step forward to bring about the beginning of changes that will improve the present heritage of Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep.
According to the Minister, the total number of participants in these games will reach
Don't say, “The best teachers in any field of knowledge are those who remain student all their lives”.
Speaking to media, Dr LR Bishnoi said that the Coordination Committees will be headed by Sub Divisional Officers (SDOs) in the presence of SDPOs, Company Commanders of BSF, State Police and Village Leaders. The Committee shall meet monthly.
Therefore, I would like to urge the Government of India to allow the State of Meghalaya to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and not any other law to protect us the minorities who are the indigenous people of this country. state of Meghalaya.
Shillong: After the defeat in all three constituencies in the mid-term elections, the Congress leaders have blamed the defeat on the NPP candidates. Speaking to reporters, Ampareen said that although it is the mid-term elections, the Congress party has to fight against the candidates nominated by the parties in the government. The Congress candidates have not won at all and this is a good sign for the 2023 MLA elections.
Scientists have been able to reproduce fruit trees, which were the most valuable and important trees in the time of King Herod and which grew well in the time of 1 BC. trees from the street where King Herod used to live and from the caves around the palace and these seeds were well cared for, planted and given medicine to grow again and after the long-standing treatment, now scientists, have been able to regenerate them into perfect fruit trees.
The Deputy Commissioner has been directed to convene a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs to clarify the matter.
The end of him is that he does not know how to live 'peace of mind' or 'happiness of mind' either now or tomorrow.
These government ministers and officers including SP of East Khasi Hills Bah M Kharkhrang, CEO of SMB Bah E Kharmalki, Rangbah Shnongs of Mission and Mawkhar took part in the campaign. K Langsteer.
The VDPs of this village have alleged that these are the same people who stole three cows last year - those of Trei, one of Lyios Talang, two of Hily Dkhar and u Tngenlang Lyngdoh's death in the past few months.
Shillong, March 24 : U Saleng Sangma, the only MLA of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) from Gambegre constituency, has decided to stay with the party to contest the 2023 elections. youth unemployment which has increased from year to year.
Leaders of Seng Bhalang, state leaders, students of colleges and universities.
On the 9th, police lodged a complaint against the leaders of the party who gathered at Khyndailad, near the State Legislative Assembly, to protest against the protest. The same law, in which it was stated that the gathering of these three parties, was without the approval of the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills.
In the second Group-B match in Jaipur, the team played strongly from the start and had many chances.
The meeting was conducted by Srally Rashir, Sordar New Nongstoin in the presence of Wanshan Kharkrang, Environmental Engineer, A.Lyngkhoi, EE PHE, S.Warjri. .
Last year, from June to July 22, the IAF had to take over the HADR task to transport people from Assam and Meghalaya and also to rescue people stranded at railway stations in Assam.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, have said that if we continue to oppose the border reconciliation, even after 100 years, it will not be possible to reconcile the border. According to the testimony of the people living in the border villages affected by the border demarcation, the Government of Meghalaya and Assam have not respected the voice of the people but have just without the consent of the landowners, Dorbar Shnongs, Raid and Hima Chiefs and the abandonment of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council which is the custodian of the land in Meghalaya.
The All India Poetess at its conference in Shillong in 2014, honored Phanbuh with the Sarojini Naidu Award.
The DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District was the Chief Guest.
And it really was.
The results of the Lucky Draw which was intended to help those children who drop out of school part time have been announced and the winners are the first prize sl.
The video, which was posted on various social media platforms, has received a lot of views and has also seen the speeches of two women, who understood that they were helpers to The veterinarian said he was ill.
According to him, this work has been pending for 4-5 years.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that since the beginning of the construction of the road, the Dorbar Shnong of Lapangap has lodged many complaints with the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills District. and is located in Lapangap village which passes through many of the fields and fields of the villagers.
In each game, teams may subsitute only five players.
When the story was over, they rested and slept well before getting up again to climb Lum Sohpetbneng.
“C&RD Blocks are the most important hubs in terms of various schemes and programmes.
Lyngdoh said the cost of maintenance of the machine will be about T.1.5 crore to be borne by the state government.
Banteidor said this at a congratulatory ceremony for the Khelo India Youth Games. in Panchkula, Haryana from 3rd to 14th July.
It is surprising that until now, especially after the introduction of new equipment, the road department does not have a proper working method to investigate such incidents especially to avoid A stitch in time saves a lot of money from the government to get approval to repair minor damage, because if you leave minor damage, it will lead to a lot of expenses. nine"As one of the member parties in the MDA government, the BJP Meghalaya is ready to work with all like-minded parties for the development of the state in all aspects.
Its Power and Purpose.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 04: The Nongstoin Khasi Seng together with the WKH invite all Khasi Khara children to attend the Suk Mynsiem Dance Competition, West Khasi Hills 2022 which will be held on the 8th and 9th of this month. The Deputy Commissioner has announced that the 9th June 2022 will be a public holiday.
Shillong: In terms of indoor sports, Shillong has become increasingly competitive with other countries.
One day the king prepared a feast for his son.
Finally, Dr.S Lyngdoh promised to take action regarding the incident of this child and said that the hospital authorities are fighting for the bringing of the child. for the benefit of those who come for treatment at this Hospital.
When asked, Prestone said, “Wrongdoing is wrongdoing.
The 94 registrars, who are in charge of marriages and divorces of Muslims, will be dismissed and paid a lump sum of T.2 lakh as termination of their duties.
The General Secretary of the KSU said that according to the doctor, there are two drivers of ambulance vehicles and they are unemployed due to lack of vehicles. .
On the other hand, the independent MDC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, admitted that the influx of Manipur residents to the state usually happens at midnight which makes the Dorbar Shnongs powerless.
In 2021-22, more than 12.29 crore girls have enrolled in primary to higher secondary education, an increase of 8.19 lakh compared to the enrollment of girls in 2020-2
Manish Tewari will be the chief guest while the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma will be the chief guest.
Lakador said the incident came to light after a child went missing on 25th June from a village in Jowai.
Therefore, the union through this meeting held today has elected Bah RM Mukhim as the Adviser of the union in order to advise on how to implement the The union also hopes that the state government will take action to implement the demands of the Contractors Association of Ri Bhoi District. District, he added.
He said that the secretary has been absent for more than two years and has appointed a new secretary without the knowledge of the Hima. There is no Ranikor and we demand that the land of the Hima should not be in the Hima.
It is a joy to remember in the future, especially when it is painted.
Nongpoh: U Bah Toningstar Thangkhiew, one of the Khasi elders from Jirang and President of the Sengbhalang Islam Jirang Unit, on Tuesday said that Islam has a great goal for the spread of Islam. Not only in Jirang, but also in other parts of Ri Bhoi.
“I am determined to campaign especially in the northern parts of West Garo Hills (ie Phulbari, Rajabala and Selsella),” Rahman said in a statement.
The HITO visited the seven MLAs after they could not find them at their residences in Jowai and Shillong. They were blocked by the police and after that the police allowed only two members of the party to enter.
There were also children's games with the participation of various Khasi organizations.
He said that he and the party used to talk to the government that it is necessary to protect the people and to implement the ILP, but at the same time he said that because in a clean government, cannot be forced if other members or parties do not support it.
The ANVC (B) also accused ANVC members of committing illegal acts and alleged that Rocky was a menaiksuid, Jack was involved in the shooting death in the Bajengdoba incident, James (Togan) was involved in the shooting death in Bajengdoba. It is a jhur distributor who has been involved in violence and other illegal activities.
In a statement, the Secretary Executive Committee of KHADC urged the Rangbah Kurs to attend the meeting.
The Sordar of Thadrang Village said that the dynamite shooting and the use of chemicals to kill the fish in the area has not only affected the death of the fish but also the fish. people who use this water.
Shillong, Naitung 16: A policeman was seriously injured when a havildar shot him in the head with a pistol after a clash between them at Mawiong.
Deepak Purohit lodged a complaint that on the night of July 1 and 2, robbers stole 76 steel shuttering boards from a site under construction at Porsohsan village in West Khasi Hills.
“We have clarified that the Municipal License is not a license to do business but for other activities and any activities related to trade within the boundary of KHADC, should be obtained. The trading license from the Council and Laitumkhreh falls within the boundary of the KHADC.
Our women should also drive taxis.
The three types of disease include acute mountain sickness or AMS, high-altitude pulmonary edema or HAPE and high-altitude cerebral edema or HACE. which affects the brain.
He said this at the joining ceremony of more than 50 supporters of the BJP, NCP at Congress Bhavan and especially Bah Fredy Rumnong who has resigned from this constituency but to support Bah Syiem u Current MDC and Congress Candidate.
Government jobs, factories, teaching jobs etc. set salaries and require us to work on time (10:00-5:00) or more, from Monday to Thursday/Saturday.
These schemes include rice worth 10 tyngka per kilo, 53 lakh households with 10 tula gold, married women and development councils for various development projects. , to those Muslims who are the indigenous people of Assam.
When the Law learned of this, it immediately sent for the cow.
The JHDS has provided assistance to 1299 poor families from 34 villages in East and West Jaintia Hills District.
The investigation was conducted by the Additional District Magistrate (ADM) of West Jaintia Hills, Bah SS Syiemlieh.
In this training tour guide, 40 young men and women will receive 12 days training, and during this training they will be trained in Rapelling, Zumaring, knot practice, rope stretcher, basic first aid, Trekking (Practical and Theory) Guide, etc.
Those closest to the BJP include South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai (NCP), AL Hek (Congress), Justine Dkhar (IND) and Robinus Syngkong (IND).
“There are many factors such as society, economy and others that cause a child to commit crimes.
Spokesperson of the Union, Bah R.Marthong, expressed his deep sorrow over the lack of development works since the government has transferred 18 villages to South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat since the 2nd. August 2012 until now.
He also urged the residents to be vigilant.
He said that despite these problems within the party on the allegation that he has violated the rules of the party, Bah Min Makri, said that he will continue to work hard for the party. The party and to bring the name of Dr. DD Lapang in the 2018 election.
The owners of vehicles include buses, small vehicles such as Sumos and others.
The teacher has received a letter from the JHADC informing him that he has been dismissed.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: As usual, the Village Council of Mawkliaw & Kemrang will hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem on the 24th of this month at the Village Shad Ground near Kemrang.
Speech was also delivered by Ms. Solbi Suting, PMAY-G beneficiary who expressed her gratitude to the government and all those who have taken part in giving her this Christmas Gift. to my family.
Therefore, he urged the village authorities and the residents to have that spirit of love for their culture, because only if we can preserve our customs and traditions we can “To save the nation wherever we are in the world,” said these leaders.
At the end of the ceremony, before returning to the Seng, Mawkhar, Rangbah Hamar Sing Kharhmar, Cultural Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, gave a welcome speech, a prayer from Rangbah Donbokstar Kurkalang. Rangbah Rubi Binong, President Seng Khasi Raid Marngar and followed by a prayer by one of the members of the Tymmen U San Group. Seng's house, together with the arted lights along the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The Working President of the MPCC on Tuesday said that the number of MLAs and MDCs has nothing to do with the number of MLAs and MDCs. “We have 24 constituencies and only one Congress MLA.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that this year the party will celebrate the 70th Independence Day of the country by laying wreaths at the monuments of all the heroes in the state. to encourage and strengthen their families.
The order urges everyone to follow the guidelines of the state health department regarding social distancing.
This decision was taken at an emergency meeting held at Khanduli village in Namdong C&RD Block on 6th November.
Nongstoiñ, March 26: U Bah Hopestandard Myrthong, a senior member of the BJP in Nongstoin, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has its own border.
“This is what John Kharshiing said while talking to Rupang after the meeting at the office of the Syiem of Mylliem.
The word 'corruption' comes from the Latin 'corrumpere' which comes from two words, 'cor' meaning corruption and 'rumpere' meaning destruction.
In Myanmar, the Burmese, who are Theravanda Buddhists, hate and despise the Rohingya, who are a minority and Muslim.
If they don't accept the love that comes from me, they must be punished.
One of the issues brought before the working group was the inability of the state government to clarify the revenue whether from small or large production. He also said that it is necessary for the government to allocate shares to the District Councils.
He also urged the players to play with the spirit of sports so that they can succeed in their sporting careers.
The inheritance of the children of Israel was a mixed inheritance, which did not go straight, mixed from side to side.
“Until now, I have not received the letter of expulsion,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The accused is an elected leader and a member of the District Council and has other sources of income so he does not need to do these activities as alleged to earn money.
However, what is sad and encouraging for these two organizations is that many of the beneficiaries of this ration card are foreigners and who are not entitled to receive it while those Khasi Khara and Khara owners The rightful owners of the land have not been named, and the two parties have expressed their willingness to oppose until a new arrangement is reached.
The self-righteous Jesus spoke in a parable to those who trusted in themselves that they were righteous and who despised others.
In the Under-14 Boys Javelin Throw, Brayenly A Sangma of South Garo Hills won the gold medal, Nikgamderaja A Sangma of North Garo Hills won the silver medal and John Milton Sohphoh West won the silver medal. Khasi Hills won the bronze medal.
Question : There have been allegations that thorough consultations with various groups have been avoided prior to the implementation of these Acts.
With the launch of the JMM in April 2019, only 4,500 households in the rural areas have received drinking water from their households but now, about 2.53 lakh households have received drinking water from their households. the house.
Taking part in the meeting, Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union (KSU) Leader Precious Sten said the reservation policy of the state is like a fire that burns the future of the students.
Guwahati: U Amit Shah today announced to the people of Assam that if the BJP comes back to power in the Indian government, the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 will be passed soon. .
Furthermore, the union expects the government to complete the requirements for the construction of these Sub Centers soon so that it will benefit the people of the area as a whole.
He made his Inter Milan debut in Serie A against Siena, coming on as a substitute for Thiago Motta in the 67th minute.
Acts 2:1-4
Shillong, Naitung 17: West Shillong MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh has donated 100,000 items to Samla Langsning under his MLA scheme.
This is just one example of what people today are.
Salman's threats from time to time have upset his family members who also feel that he needs to take care of his movements.
“You are saved.—2 Peter 3:1
It is worth mentioning that the Khasi-Pnar and Karbi people have fought each other by shooting with jri and khnam, in the dispute over land and ownership of land in Lapangap.
Shillong, June 5: The KHADC has started cleaning up the Umkhrah River after it disappeared without the help of the CEM and MDCs of the KHADC in the past few months. .
Referring to the incident in Mukroh, the Umroi MLA said why the government has not done anything yet, an FIR should have been lodged and those involved should have been arrested.
Up to 4202 people have been accommodated in temporary shelters and tens of hectares of crops have been affected across the state.
“This means that the elderly who have mature minds go to solve the problems in the civil society organizations, many of which are led by the youth.
Only the joy in the village and the town, When the joy and happiness has risen; Mutual respect is lost, All compassion is lost.
The team will be led by Bah Robin Nongrum as Head Coach, Amrit Rai as Assistant Coach and Franky Kharumnuid as Team Manager.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held its CEC meeting since the appointment of a new leader to discuss the CAA, ILP and one of the party's issues including the The mid-term elections will be held in Ranikor constituency.
Once a village has been selected, a survey of the people, households and all other necessities needs to be conducted to get to know them before any work is done.
We the people have misused the power to empower the MLA. When others see that they can only distribute money, distribute equipment and have been elected, they are afraid to vote in the elections. even if they don't know anything about the main responsibility of the MLA – and that is (1) to pass laws to improve the income of the state (2) to create employment opportunities (3) to improve education as it has declined sharply (5) to improve agriculture and to find ways to market agricultural products (6) to strengthen agriculture tourism because if there are too many tourists per day, tourists who are looking for a lot of money and who are willing to pay a higher price don't want to come here anymore. The rivers will not turn into garbage dumps because after 10 years we will not see clean rivers flowing in this state.
The Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) has welcomed the order of the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday. The union has directed the State Government to provide rules to regulate the income of the land dealers according to the Central Act, said Bah Shane Thabah Secretary of the union.
Which is a true and well-founded explanation.
And in the work we do, I find that he is a very good Rangbah to lead and give advice.
These areas are located between Karbi Anglong in Assam and Ri Bhoi District and West Jaintia Hills district in Meghalaya.
He carried the animal alone and carried it along the road with a stick cut from the Shyieng Tree.
The Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare sent a letter to the State Governments in 2012, stating that it is necessary to set up Directorate of Nursing in the States to improve the working methods. of nurses.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that this explanation is because there is a misunderstanding that the family members and religious leaders of the deceased. , they had to quarantine for 10 days.
In the second year, in July 2024, the amount of arrear from the state government will be T.1191.615 lakh. The government will pay the SSA teachers as arrear of T.1191.615 lakh.
Regarding the heading “Iakynduhlang ki elders of Mawsaw village” which has been published by a person who does not identify himself as the elders of Mawsaw village who wants peace in the village, we are surprised to see in the media. Furthermore, we would like to clarify that it is this person who does not claim to be a peace seeker who has been involved in a meeting without a date or any information in the village. Bistoran Iawphniaw to disturb the village of Mawsaw since Bistoran Iawphniaw has forcibly appointed himself as the Minister of the Mawsaw Kur without being elected by the Mawsaw Kur Dorbar.
up to three times but the Court will continue to implement the Reservation Policy from the beginning of the implementation.
The students, who gathered in the morning, started the march in front of the Library and reached the office of the Vice Chancellor, Prof.PS Shukla.
This is why we say that the Khaddar system has become a business where the rich invest only crores and collect hundreds of crores within five years.
He said that this will affect the government's budget by Rs 100 crore per annum and it will come into force from 1st November
Many experts in the Congress party who want to contest this election have also expressed their reluctance to give ticket to Bah Pala.
Nongstoiñ, July 12: Leaders of Rambrai District under the leadership of Aicifull Kharmusulman, on Monday met with Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, to seek clarification on the issue. and the two newly opened block offices from 2022, including one in Rambrai and one in Nonglang.
In the Vidhan Sabha elections to the four states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Telangana and Mizoram, the Congress has regained power in three major states, Rajasthan. , Madhy Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.
This happened on the 12th of this month at 9 pm.
Therefore, it is necessary to improve the working methods as out of the 55 Block, only 41 Block have been established.
He said, “This is my covenant with them when I take away their sins (the sins of Israel).
He also expressed his regret that the BSF has not taken action to guard the border with Bangladesh, which has put the people of the villages at risk. to patrol to avoid the infiltration of these people.
He said that the opening of the market will open up the opportunity for the people to try to improve their income through trade especially by taking what will attract tourists.
He said that this will help in getting enough water in case of water shortage especially during the rainy season.
Jowai, Nailar 17: The Jaintia Awakening Movement (JAM) today led by its President Ma Wanki Mawlong and Chief Adviser of the Jaintia Awakening Movement (JAM) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. The 70th Independence Day of the country has done a good deed in relation to the poor and needy of the society. Others who are admitted to the Jowai Civil Hospital in Ialong village and these food items include Horlik milk, biscuits and Umsoh.
Prestone said that in fact, this section of the road is maintained by the RO Station in Guwahati, which belongs to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
Shillong: Elina Marweiñ, mother of Bah Marshal Marweiñ, who was suspected of being killed in a garbage dump in Marten, has been shocked to learn of the incident. to kill your own son.
Shillong: The FKJGP Lang pih Area Unit, today issued a statement on its facebook page, expressing its deep sorrow and condemnation over the continued violence. of the Nepalis in Langpih by stealing the lands of the Khasi.
At the end of the meeting, the students and teachers took an oath on the theme “Say No to Drugs” led by VA Hynniewta ADC Ribhoi.
The management of NEIGRIHMS has been trying to create Nursing posts for 10 years.
upd khatam otherwise te phin jah rngai ...All the people who have voted for the old government have chosen to support you the NPP and other parties in the ruling now, but you think like this, only next election you have Stay away from Meghalaya, because this is the issue to revive the party. If you stand with the people, because it is the people who won you, understand that if you still want to win next election, otherwise stay away.
It is learned that the cold weather has damaged crops such as biscuits and others, which in this village and area are very popular in the cultivation of this crop because it is fertile and abundant. The farmers in this area have started harvesting biscuits since the second or third month of May. The farmers are sad that the cold has come to lynshop at this time and the flowers of the biscuit seeds have fallen.
In Assam, each district has a Medical College, a Cancer Hospital, an Engineering College, good roads and flyovers.
Chairman OC Lakiang and Secretary Hunmon Sutnga in the presence of other members paid tribute to Sumer at his residence in Panaliar, Jowai.
“Therefore, the government will call them for clarification and proper answer.
According to a statement from the office of the Assistant Commissioner, Pynursla Civil Sub-Division Pynursla, the residents of Pynursla have been urged to be vigilant as it is unknown whether there may be another landslide. the ground at any time.
“I will continue my hunger strike,” said Bah Nongrum, amidst the weakness of his body after four days of hunger strike.
So before Jesus rules, he will build Mount Zion in Jerusalem.
Police conducted a raid on her house and seized drugs.
Mithun Chakraborty, who has gone to campaign for Chandana, wants to win her from the constituency.
The games will be conducted according to the rules of the W.S.C.S.O.D.W. and the draw date will be on the 6th November, at 3.00 pm at Teilang Stadium.
Not only that, almost all the roads have been built by the village authorities through the physical labor of the villagers, without the help of anyone even if it is only a dirt road.
Four foreigners were arrested by members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Thursday. .
The Director said that all the teachers who have been illegally appointed have denied the government's allegation.
He said that the lack of attention of Vincent Pala to Garo Hills has upset the party workers in Garo Hills. “How can the TMC leaders from Kolkata visit us while the Vincent Pala from Shillong alone has never been able to visit the party workers in Garo Hills,” said Augustine.
These phones contained the numbers and chats of about 600 to 700 women, police said.
The election of new leaders was held in 59 constituencies after the Sohiong election was postponed due to the sudden death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
He said it is true that there has been a shortage of officers in many government departments and the government needs to fix this.
We must be ready to stand up for a strong but firm protest to force the present government to review its decisions and prepare in advance for what will happen next. after.
The union strongly requests the Public Prosecutor on behalf of the complainants to strengthen the fight in court so that after 12th July, 2024, the accused should no longer escape from the hands of the law. At the same time, the police should not allow such people to get Interim Bail again because if they do, it will encourage others to commit crimes. Club on the 8th July 2024, has held a New Year's Eve celebration with the children of the village with various games including Run for Fun, Penalty Shootout, Hit the Tin Sack Race, Corrom Board, Sweet Meat Game, In & Out Game and Tug of War were divided into Sngap Sing Syiem House, Tirot Sing Syiem House, Wickliffe Syiem House and Kiang Nangbah. HouseThe Run For Fun was held in the morning with a prayer by the President of MTS & CC, Kromlin Shylla.
The Cabinet on 26th June, approved the Draft Meghalaya Power Policy, 2024, which aims to pave the way for the development of electricity generation through hydro, thermal, pumped storage, solar and wind. etc. in a perfect and permanent manner.
Jowai, March 24: U Shilas Sten from Mukroh village has been arrested by Jowai Police in collaboration with Nartiang Police for allegedly raping his relative. I was born in Mukroh a few months ago.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. District Sports Officer, B. Syiem, other government employees, village leaders, teachers and school children.
Has the Government thought that this could cause anger among the people because of the sudden change in the right to equality and unemployment among the majority of ethnic groups in the state, without taking the opinion of the people? or the consent of the people affected ... The Government cannot do whatever it wants.
The next match will be against Bolivia.
The Crystal Gayle Kharnaior Memorial Award was established by the Riti Academy in memory of Crystal Gayle Kharnaior who passed away in April 2017 after her car collided with a tree. hap from the house of the lat.
After this, the DPR was completed, and the survey was conducted in 2010 and completed in
The investigation team arrested Kavitha, daughter of former Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao, from her residence in Banjara Hills in Hyderabad on October
Donald Thabah urged and encouraged the youth to continue their studies and also to be hardworking in their studies whether it is in any field or field. He also gave his right hand and left hand by saying that if there are any youths who need assistance, the organization is ready to help them. They should not be involved especially in social media and if they have to use it, they should use it to seek information and not to waste time.
Mawkyrwat, July 30: Due to the heavy rainfall in these days, there has been a huge loss of property not only in the traffic of the people through the roads, but also in the collapse of the fields. However, there has also been a landslide in the farmland of the farmers of Ri War.
Kanye West, the world's biggest singer, has said that in a year, he will become a homeless man and the reason is that he will give up his various streets. to orphanages and to different christian churches.
It is not easy for the State Government to take a decision regarding the construction of the railway line in Khasi-Jaintia.
Nongstoiñ College on the 25th of this month held its Graduation Day for the year
They can cultivate the fields and plant only the father but they cannot plant other kinds of crops.
The source said that several people were injured in the incident and the injured were taken to hospitals by the Mairang Civil Sub-Division. ai treatment.
Jowai, July 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the HNYF-WJH (HNYF-WJH) have urged the highest authorities of the JHADC to release the Investigation report on the alleged embezzlement of public funds inside the office of the State Government worth 63 lakh tyngka.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,665 and the death toll has risen to
Personnel from the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) and police have been conducting search operations for these people but they have been facing difficulties due to the heavy water and floods. length of cream.
Those times were when the MSEB thought well of us and the meter was checked well after we bought it.
Following the construction of the building or office of the Inter State Bus Terminus (ISBT) at Mawïong, which has been taken over and implemented within two months, signs of torti have appeared. The Indian world has known and seen what happened at this place where buses coming from all over the country have once again brought shame to the MDA government. North Eastern Region as well as from other parts of India.
The film was also screened on the occasion.
The raid on trading license did not end at Shyllong Market, but the Enforcement Police also conducted raids on shops taken by foreigners from private individuals in Block Main Road, Laitumkhrah.
From the house, the residents also recovered the tar items which the robber had been involved in stealing in the past few days.
Inside her soul she was shocked and wondered how to answer.
Prestone Tynsong said that the opening of the road from Anjalee to Motor Road, which has been closed for more than two years, will be decided by the police as the HLC does not have the authority to look into it. role.
Fr Thongni said that Christians too have been involved in the recent mawbynna festival.
The union is pleased that the police together with the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) have arrested several drug traffickers. long bun bun.
The statement also said that the MCPC Committee requests all the supporters of the Primary Units in Mawhati Constituency to remain in the party, because when the time comes, the leaders of the MCPC MCPC, that they will gather the people and with the consent of all to announce the name of this candidate, that the MCPC will go to support.
“Bamboo is a disease of hatred and to curb it, we need coordinated cooperation.
Jesus Christ is greater than Moses" Hebrews 3:6-6
He urged the people of the area to take advantage of the availability of assistance at such Health Centres.
Meanwhile, the two NPP and UDP leaders, Conrad K Sangma and Metbah Lyngdoh, have returned to the Meghalaya Assembly.
The complaint alleged that the minister in collusion with other Members of Parliament (MLAs) had conspired to erase the marks of the candidates who took the examination.
Security forces have arrested a suspected militant linked to the Lashkar-e-Taiba militant group in Baramulla district of Jammu & Kashmir, officials said today.
People who come from the rural areas who have to complete their duties whether it is in Government offices or other duties, said that they face many problems when they come to Shillong because they are robbed of their time. traffic, and they couldn’t get work done for a day.
Bapli farmers from all over the state of Meghalaya have started to suffer due to the low price of all their agricultural products.
“The Registrar General of the High Court of Meghalaya has been ordered to register the case under Article 215, 266 of the Contempt of Court Act, Justice SR Sen said in his order that these are harsh and disrespectful remarks to the court.
Therefore, it is necessary to introduce a law to prevent any illegal activities in this regard.
The Trust also provides annual assistance to the Polo Ground Higher Secondary School of Pynthorumkhrah which has been built on the land allocated by the Trust; and other assistance which the Trust deems necessary from time to time.
Vivek scored in the 13th, 21st, 30th, 67th, 69th, 70th, 71st and 74th minutes.
Students of Mawthawpdah Govt LP School and Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Upper Primary School together with teachers have had to leave their schools and return to their homes after the residents of Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Upper Primary School The Mawthawpdah Village Council under the leadership of Bah Sparlindro Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Village Council, has closed down these two schools.
The most serious damage was the collapse of the footbridges on the Amsyiar and Amsyrbua rivers under the Raid Buam Amlarem Subdivision.
“After receiving information that the Government of India intends to introduce the UCC throughout India, as an entire House of concern and responsibility as elected members, we have taken the responsibility to any laws of the Government of India will not affect our identity,” he said.
Nongpoh, July 04: In the final of the 1st Dr. Jerin Syiem Memorial Football Tournament, Umphing Thymmai Sports Club won the title after beating Umshaken Sports Club 1-0 2-1 goal in the final match which was played at Umden Stadium.
“The current MLA of Nongkrem is ruling alone,” said Bah Shylla.
The hospital management invites everyone to attend the camp.
Mar was shot dead while walking at Moo-Lespah near Ckhentalang village.
I would like to say that if Mizoram and Nagaland have not received ILP like Meghalaya as it is today, they too will not be able to get ILP. ? Because if the intention is to make the whole of India Hindu, the task they should do is to fill every state of the country with foreigners and gradually they will be able to conquer the state. hi all, especially the Christian states.
“Seizing illegal items is not enough.
Andrew Shullai also alleged that the political parties appoint spokespersons only to argue against the TMC. who holds the judgment seat.
The witness is clear because you have lost your support for Bah Rocky Hek as the party's candidate from North Shillong Constituency after I was defeated.
The development is only in town.
AMPSTA also wishes the students who received the tablets to use them for the benefit of their studies.
Ardent said that the Rules of Procedure of the Legislative Assembly have made it clear that the discussions in the Legislative Assembly should be in English.
This is also the sixth time since its inception in 2015-2
The victim was identified as Talbinus Dhar (30), of Mulieh village, West Jaintia Hills. He is said to have been involved in robbery in the past.
He urged all the members of SIM to have a spirit of love for Mother Earth.
The price for Mawphlang residents will be T.5, for state residents T.10 each, foreign tourists T.30 and foreigners T.100 each.
Ltd has employed 10 employees, Pine Polypacks has employed 7 employees, North East Tubular Poles Pvt.
“If you want to sell, you should set up a shop or a place,” she said.
The incident was taken to the police for post mortem.
When asked whether it is true that many political parties and civil society groups have alleged that the MDA government is too weak to maintain peace and order, the Minister said, “It is easy to say and not difficult to do. He ordered the police not to shoot or to use security forces to shoot.
Gizak Area : Out of the 13.53 sq km acquired, Amagoan Village, Gohanimara with an area of ​​2.90 sq km and Meghalaya with 10.63 sq km including Malsapara and half of Gizang RF will go to Assam. don the Forest Reserve.
In Siliguri, the farmers were detained for 10 days to learn how to raise cows in the area and in Gujarat, they were detained for three days, he said.
There shall be twenty baskets, and in one of them shall be a precious stone: all three of you shall bring that precious stone.
“He said the BJP has prepared a complaint which they will submit through their lawyers to the EC to look into and stop such fraud before the elections.
We don't know the law of the World Health Organization (WHO) or the law of the Government of India, regarding the publication or confidentiality of names, because in Assam, Manipur, Tripura; It is explained in detail, from age, place, gender and so on.
In a meeting with the Minister, the Union expressed its dissatisfaction with the actions of the Governor of the State, in which he has delayed in passing the Bill, even though these The two Houses of Parliament of the Khasi and Jaintia District Councils have approved both the Acts in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
“There is no way to protect the nation to prevent the entry of foreigners and only the ILP,” said Bah Shylla. ha sem chicken".
The WJDSA has announced that the auction for the vacancies in the 1st and 2nd Division will be held on 25/9/2021 at 1 pm at the WJDSA office, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai. .
The incident occurred at 10 am today near Katunda in Chittorgarh district.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday expressed his concern over the loss of land, income and livelihood. There is no evidence that foreigners have been involved in the Khanapara area, the border area, where the Khasi have no longer been involved in the trade and many foreigners have not even respected the District Council.
The Minister also informed that the Cabinet has also approved the rules to amend the salary recommended by the 2nd National Judicial Pay Commission.
Police sources said that after receiving a tip that some of the employees of the company have been detained in the room of the Companu which they used to stay since the 2nd of this month, they Police rushed to release them and at the same time arrested Pawan Yadav.
We don’t know what will happen if the rain doesn’t come in time.
And on this should be explained a little.
Ka Rangjyrteh – I have visited this place many times and the first time was in 1978 when I was on election duty in Mawsahew, but every time I visited I never thought to look at this place. It wasn't until I got to the teaching job that I realized that I needed to gather information about this ancient place.
He said that in the case of Ri Bhoi, areas like Budwar, Nongwah and Block II and Assam will be discussed.
However, on 23rd June 2016, some persons who claimed to be Chairman and Secretary of the JHADC sent a letter to the Administrative Officer (AO) of JHADC, and in this letter they requested the Administrative Officer to issue a certificate. The new Mayor, Phresmi Suting, was appointed for one year.
Proper management of teachers' appointment to build on their skills;xii.
Ladrymbai Police have seized the body and completed the requirements of the law.
“It is on all these aspects that we need to review.
In East Khasi Hills, 51 cases including one from the Armed Forces and 50 civilians, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 7 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in South. West Garo Hills has one and West Jaintia Hills has one.
Four deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 01, Ri Bhoi: 01, South West Khasi Hills: 01 and West Jaintia Hills:
There will be two categories for the tournament, Men Single and Men Doubles. The Federation invites all government employees as well as hospitals/banks in Ri-Loom Jaintia to participate in the tournament. Come and take part in this Badminton tournament.
Those present on the occasion included the Principal of St. Xavier's College, Rev.Fr.
Speaking on the occasion, T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that it is one of the days to celebrate and remember the special birthday of Teachers. Dr. Servapalle Radhakrishnan who was one of the great teachers and who dedicated himself through hard work for the bright future of the children.
In South West Khasi Hills, the turnout reached 86.38% in both Ranikor and Mawkyrwat constituencies.
The Central Government has sent it to the State Governments for consultation before issuing the notice to implement the Green Tax.
“Ale rung shane...” Riia was taken to the living room. “How are you Bahnah...?” Riia asked, “I'm fine, Riia...” Bahnah replied, “I'm glad you came here,” said Riia and laughed. The villagers who came to hear how you didn't find a place to live.
So whatever we buy for `1000 is `2000, that means we pay arshah tax.
Shillong, November 1: About 3000 thousand people took part in a public rally held at Kharkutta, North Garo Hills today to protest against the shooting death of two soldiers. people who are not in the army.
This order will come into force from July 20 until further notice.
One of the victims was a girl who sustained injuries to her legs and was sent to a secondary hospital for treatment.
Answering a question by SK Sunn, the Minister in charge of Excise, Kyrmen Shylla, said in the House that the tax rate on IMFL has its own price. price, depending on the alcohol.
Speaking to reporters, Bora said the earthquake occurred in Africa in 1921, then in China and then spread to Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong: Sohiong, Mawtap village has blocked the road and vehicles are not allowed to pass through the main road in the village.
Bolivia has so far reported 2,200 confirmed deaths from the virus out of a population of 11 million.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah ED Nongsiang said, “Regarding (the decision to introduce NCERT textbooks) I feel it is more appropriate, not to be rushed.
I said to him, “What about these my friends?” He said, “They will sit here on the porch, we will bring them food too”.
Nongpoh: The Consumer Protection Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Chairman Samla Spaindarsing Lyngkhoi and Assistant Secretary Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej, in the presence of leaders from Umiam and Umsning Circle, today held a meeting. Trinity Saioo, a Khasi woman who received the Padmashri Award from Ram Nath Kovind, President of the country.
It is better to quarantine in community centers than at home.
These two shops were found to be foreigners not only do not have trading licenses. The toilets near these shops were donated by Rotary. Club, and the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (UDA) has given the management to James Sylliang, but it was surprising to see that these shopkeepers have been given the right to steal.
Jaintia H/S School beat Amwi Jaraiñ Secondary School 6-5 in the tie breaker.
You don't get enough food because the shops are closed but you have sacrificed yourself for us all.
This is contrary to the Good News of Christmas that the angels proclaimed to the shepherds on the mountain on the first Christmas night.
But it is something else.
He said that in the next five years he wants to see action by introducing new opportunities to address the unemployment of the youth as there are many things that can be done. within the State.
“He said that for the Khasi Student Union, the words of poet Soso Tham are like words of encouragement to the party, the country and the nation.
“He said that after they have completed the supply of water to 4 lakh households, at that time the water supply will reach 60 percent,” he added.
Several complaint letters have been sent to the Engineer of MeECL Mawkyrwat but no one has listened to them.
Principal of Hindi Section Mr Binod Kumar and others.
Before the 11 members left Shillong, they were accompanied by MAWA President Junestar Kharbuli, HNYF President and Secretary Bless. Dkhar and Mr. Stevenson Raymond Khyriem together with the Tbn of Malki Presbyterian Church, Mr. Robert Mawthoh who led the prayer.
If this is not controlled, the time will come when dohum dohwah and other underwater creatures will become extinct.
However, it is shocking to see that along the road from Pynursla to Pongtung, tourists have been throwing plastic food bags and bottles of kyiad and beer along the road.
Shillong: Former MLA/MDC Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the notification alone is sufficient for the state government to come forward to announce the decision to implement the Inner Line Permit. (ILP) in this state.
Marsein, after seeing the pictures of the lack of preparation especially the accommodation of the children, the Chief Minister of the state through twitter said that the On the other hand, he will not accept such a preparation and demands that the MSOA office bearers should take action to ensure that it is properly prepared.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Minister of Nongkynbah Village, Bah K Thongni, has sent a message via email that on the night of 16th June 2016, a strong wind has destroyed the school building of Sharak Rit. Secondary School, Nongkynbah where the roof of a house was torn down and thrown to the ground.
East Khasi Hills SP M Kharkrang said the two men were arrested for allegedly blowing up a petrol bomb at a shop in Bishnupur.
Aston Villa have agreed to sign Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans.
“I just came to talk about Sandra but I will remember to spread those things,” said Norway.
Out of the 3,635 students who sat for the Science examination, 2,866 passed and the total pass rate was 78.84%.
Sylvester Synrem SDB.In the afternoon, the Jubilee Program was conducted by the President – ​​Bah Phaitstar Dkhar and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah Wilfred Khyllep IAS (Retd) who is the Chairman of the Seng.
Furthermore, more than 6.79 lakh street vendors received loans under the Prime Minister's Street Vendor's AtmaNirbhar Nidhi (PM SVANidhi) during the Yatra.
Regarding the DGP's statement that there was no attempt to injure the Prime Minister, the party through the Media Cell said that this shows the lack of attention and failure of the police department in investigating. before this meeting at the right time – while it is being considered.
Governance will deteriorate and corruption will increase and become more and more terrible because the mouths and minds of the wise have been shut up.
The CAG found that about T.21.66 grams of Cap Zy 10 forte had spoiled after the expiry of the period.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a comment from some on the selection of these two filmmakers in which Bah Nicholas Kharkongor has refused to take part in the festival. in the world.
Speaking to u SP Traffic, BD Marak, he said, “The lack of cooperation with our department is a problem for us as the police department because they don't accept and listen to what the police department has said. that we have shown to the public.
He expects that the new office bearers will be able to work better for the needs of the country and the nation.
The Minister said that the NRC cannot be done overnight or decided right now because it is a heavy task, which requires a lot of expenses, manpower and others.
Aakarshan said that when starting a business, one should also be able to overcome the challenges of the business to reach the goal and increase income.
While more than 300 other stranded vehicles moved to safety from the avalanche, others remained on the snow-filled road.
He is a man who has proved the value of his tactics and strategies in the MLA elections in West Bengal, Goa, Tamil Nadu, etc. taking value in his intervention.
“At the same time, the land for the construction of the RPCH hospital has not been handed over yet as the hospital has not been relocated to Umsawli, Mawdiangdiang.
The decision to call the curfew was taken by the consensus of 44 political parties, which met on Saturday under the leadership of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS) and Asom. Nationalist Youth Student Council (AJYCP).
Alvin Toffler (Author) in Future Shocks says: That knowledge was very slow in the past compared to now, about 90% of knowledge is growing faster in this age, these modern knowledge does not exist. faithfully in the past.
There is also a saying that when you win, you should be humble and when you lose, you should have a spirit of acceptance without hesitation.
This is the first time that the PIB has found entire YouTube channels and not just a few posts on social media spreading false beliefs.
The coach of the women's team is Saranya RS, while the coach of the women's team is Priyanka Mondal and Wandashisha Dkhar in physio.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: It is said that health is the greatest wealth in human life. and those who suffer from diseases do not count the cost even if they have to be treated somewhere just to get it back.
The company understands that all children should have access to Barbies because they are also beautiful human beings.
He said that after the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, the management of Thomas Jones, Mission Hospital and the office bearers of the KJP Synod have taken a decision together with the traffic authorities. and the PWD to remove the Alto parking lot at Lad Thomas Jones by allowing vehicles to operate on both sides of the two-way road.
Mariani MLA Rup Jyoti Kurmi today resigned as Congress MLA to join the BJP. sent a letter of resignation to the Speaker of the House, Biswajit Daimary.
Trafford, who is set to join Burnley from Manchester City for £19m, saved Abel Ruiz's shot in the 99th minute. Spain scored a penalty after a long VAR check. England's goal, which was also the goal of the title, came in the last minute. Cole Palmer's free-kick went straight into the foot of Curtis Jones and went into the net.
He was born on 25th December 1962, at Dulong Jowai, one of the villages in Jowai.
It is learned that after a while, the MDC resigned and decided to contest the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ.
In the 55+ Men's Doubles, Riki Challam and Wanmi Dkhar won the title by beating Polestar Niangti and Sunday Morning Tariang 12-21, 25-2
Then your children will curse you.
Pyndaplang joined the police force in 2008 and left in 2021 to set up a training center known as the Sub Center Training Tornado Security Agency at Iooksi, Umdeinlin, West Jaintia Hills. The district is located in the Mowkaiaw constituency.
The death toll in Nepal has risen to 8,019 and the injured to 16,033 since the earthquake struck on June 25, Nepal police said.
Those who are self-controlled, self-controlled, pure in heart, self-controlled, discerning between evil and good; accepting the things that are true, the things that are honorable, the things that are praiseworthy and the things that are beautiful.
“How can a foreign company issue permits and our Khasi are considered foreigners and we cannot accept this,” he said.
The Seiñ Raij Tuber through its President, R Harvis Phawa congratulated all those who participated in the Behdeiñkhlam for making it a successful event and sent its thanks to all the dignitaries who participated on the closing day.
Police have suspected that the incident may have happened on the evening of the 15th of this month. they have taken their own lives.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed political parties to inform the media if they nominate candidates who have been accused of illegal activities or who have cases against them. The NPP has announced that three candidates, including Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Thomas Sangma and Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, have pending cases in the High Court.
Writer without brain.
Skhemlang Suba won the first place and Ritina Hanse won the first place in the women's category. of those Oldest and Youngest Runners in Men and Women.
All are equal before nature.
Rupang: Which of your videos are selling well these days, perhaps as a tapnep or others? How many people have watched these videos and whether these viewers are only from Ri Khasi or India or around the world? SL: The most popular videos are “Nga armet” Followed by “U Matapnep”, and some songs like “Na ki why balei” has reached 1.1 million views.
He said the government has taken all the necessary measures for the implementation of the NEP in all government colleges.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that the money spent should be used to repair and build toilets inside the hall. He also criticized the two MDCs in the ruling party who brought the NC, Bah HS Shylla and u Bah HS Shylla. Pyniaid Singh Syiem MDC Sohryngkham.
There were also allegations against Bah Ernest Mawrie, that he is acting as a leader only to please friends or relatives, without thinking for the welfare and development of the party in the state.
On the same day, the EJDSA honored former members of the union including Bilising Bareh, Elad Pajuh and Pilmon Sana.
The deadline for withdrawal of nomination papers by the UDP candidate is on the 24th of June.
He also acknowledged that the problems in the implementation of MECDM and one of the problems is that up to 1500 villages do not have Anganwadi Centers. Use the vacant school rooms in villages that do not have Aganwadi Centres.
Announcing this, NEIFCC President Apostle RR Khongkrom said that the preaching service from Friday to Saturday will be held at 5:30 pm.
Shillong: Police have arrested several white and blue taxis operating in Shillong from the 28th of this month on the complaint of the blue and white taxis that the blue and white taxis cannot operate in Shillong. They are the vehicles to earn money in the countryside.
"We also strongly condemn Dipak Mallick, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Judo Association and Joint Secretary of the Judo Federation of India for allowing Jobi Warlyrpih to teach Judo to the children. He said that he doesn't have a Judo Coaching Certificate and at the same time Jobi Warlyrpih himself doesn't know how to play Judo.
Hadrian Lyngdoh joined the Congress party on October 6, 2015 and was welcomed by the Congress leaders at a meeting held at Shillong Club. honor was given to him by the syntiew.
He said that the time does not allow him to hold the post of leader because many of the office bearers of the party have already gained power so I felt it was necessary to allow other members to TULBA has been the President since the founding of TULBA for more than 10 years, so it is time to retire and allow them to members and new office bearers to take over the activities of the organization.
The biggest Eid celebration was held in Shillong at Madina Masjid, Laban, where thousands of Muslims went to the mosques to take part in this great day. Prophet Muhammad, after the end of the month of Ramadan, which is the end of their fasting.
The new cases were reported from Mumbai to Agartala.
With this turnout, it was confirmed that the NPP will win the constituency in 2023 through its MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The union also recalls the murder of a 45-year-old woman from Donaskur village, East Jaintia Hills District which happened in the past few months. At the same time, the union has complained that the police have not yet arrested the robbers involved in the murder of the woman.
He said that most of the people in this age refuse to help others in case of a car accident, but according to Section 134 (A) of the Motors Act, it is clear that anyone who is quick to to help the injured has been recognized as a good Samaritan, he said and as an encouragement of courage and kindness to save the deaths and injuries of people from the police department has also it is difficult if people are willing to help in any part of the situation.
Authorities said that prayers have been offered at the site since 2013, but now the number of Muslims has increased.
Nongstoiñ, November 28: The improvement and cleaning of the 16 km Tynghor-Athiabari road under the Pradhan Mantri Gramsadak Yojana (PMGSY) has been completed since last year. and a Russian-made drug known as ANT was not required because of the incompatibility of the terrain and weather conditions.
This is a very great verse, and every prayer meeting of the people in the world as believers makes good use of it.
“We have rejected MeCEL's request and have suggested an increase of only 7.5 percent,” Kumar said.
It may be recalled that Pyndengumiong Village, which includes seven villages, namely Dongbir, Donggate, Lummaralong, Lumiew, Langstiehrim and Umwiehsup, has been declared a Containment Zone on 23rd November, to prevent the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk Contacts in this village.
Dharma Jagran and Tribal Suraksha Manch have held a meeting called the Saraedih Village Tribal Conference on the return of the Sarna.
It is only a suggestion that the party will get the right candidates,” said Bah AL Hek, who has also been an MLA for five terms from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
The leaders of these organizations, after repelling these people, have also warned other people, that from now on they should not bring in foreign workers, because it will put the whole area in danger.
In a statement, they said that they have withdrawn from the table of peace talks and the government has signed the names of Bobby Marweiñ Commander in Chief and Sainkupar Nongtraw General. Secretary, in a letter sent to the MHA. In a letter sent to the MHA on 31st November 2023, the MHA sent through AK Mishra, Chief of MHA in the North East.
He expressed the hope that the NGOs in collaboration with the village leaders will be able to provide services to the people through these ambulances.
However, since leaving his house, the policeman has disappeared without returning.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 4, EKH: 199, NGH: 1, RBD: 50, SGH: 11, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 16, WGH: 15, WJH: 16 and WKH:
“Since the two states have agreed through an MOU on the demarcation of the border, it is now time for us to write to the Election Commission to register the new names of the residents who have been included in the state. Meghalaya is now in its infancy,” said Tongkhar.
On the other hand, the President of the All Jaintia Cement Manufacturers Association (AJCMA), RK Pareek said that the government's order is not clear and the new price set by the government is unfair. high and unaffordable.
When asked about the failure of the EC led by the United Democratic Party (UDP), Pynïaid said that the MDCs in KHADC are not all from the same political party, as the MDCs of any party They may also work together to form an Executive Committee.
Rupang has learned from some of the students of Class XII that the Sister in charge of the school has not yet handed over the tablets to them and is still holding them.
In only 10 years we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of our independence, but until now we have not been able to clear even the border.
The Chief Minister also expressed his feeling that the ban of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on coal mining in 2014 was a sudden decision, and did not allow the residents, and has also caused severe damage to three parts of the population in the past 10 years.
After receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the deterioration of the road, last year in November, the Nongsaiñ Hima visited the road and it was found that the disaster was true.
He said that many of the leaders who have won from the party have left the party because they want to join other parties.
Shillong Cricket Association (B) beat East Khasi Hills Cricket Association by 134 runs in the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Association (MCA) match played at Zone 1 at Khliehtyrshi Ground, West Jaintia Hills District. .
The letter sent by Dr Mansukh to Bah Hek dated 29th November 2023 according to letter No D.O.No.Z-11011/14/2023-NE in which he said, “You have been informed. He said that at present there is no proposal to upgrade NEIGRIHMS to AIIMS but there is only a proposal to upgrade NEIGRIHMS to INI.
On the other hand, it is hoped that after the completion of the new Secretariat and the newly built Ïing Dorbar of the State in New Shillong, all these will be as smooth as a new shiah.
“According to Para 3.5, if there is no Garo who can fill the position, any non-Garo who is fluent in the Garo language and who knows the Garo way of life is also allowed to fill the position. the post for the Garo people,” he added.
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced the Assembly elections in West Bengal, Assam, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Pudu Cherry.
Ma Wanthmu Phawa, one of the #COVID_19 patients from Tuberkmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District, has recovered after being infected with COVID-1
The reason why our people did this is because the spirit of patriotism had stirred up the minds of our people at that time, so they felt that they needed to have their own patriotic song like other nations in the world.
According to the survey conducted by the district authorities in 19 schools and out of 6510 parents, the number of vehicles during school hours is the main cause of traffic jams. .
On our part, we will continue to follow up and remind you of this and we hope that you will take responsibility to protect the state from the dangers of the infiltration of foreigners.
It is a single tax on goods and services, from manufactured in factories to consumers.
These SHGs in many ways have been the right hand of those who understand the benefits of collective income generation.
He said that if the UDP is confident that it has the power to destroy the ARPA, it should also know that the greatest power is the people who will answer.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The State Government has decided to send teachers through IGNOU or NIOS. Shillong, Naitung 10 : The State Government has decided to soon use the National School books. Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) in schools in the State.
The construction of the project has been estimated at a cost of T.7.65 crore.
“If you put Biharis, Nepalis, they will live there just to make money but they don't understand the value of land, they don't understand the value of the border,” said Bah Kharbani. Defense Minister Amit Shah, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma held a ceremony in front of Conrad Sangma's residence in Polo, Shillong. “Through the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, we are clearly asking the Government of Meghalaya if you cannot protect the people, if you cannot protect the people. “You cannot protect the border, the land of Meghalaya, just give gun licenses to the members who live on the border,” said Bah Kharbani.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has repaired the footbridge which collapsed this morning in Jowai.
The Cabinet meeting yesterday has issued another tax bill from the previous one.
The march was organized by the Karbi Students Association (KSA) and the protesters chanted “No Border Solution, No Rest”.
On the BJP, Marcuise N Marak said that the existence of the party does not match the lifestyle of the people of Meghalaya and this can be seen in the poor performance of the party. BJP in the last election.
He said that the gate has been standing illegally for about three years, without permission even from the village and when the village authorities through the dorbar have issued a letter to remove the gate, There was no response from the law enforcement authorities but the village authorities were ignored and distrusted.
Bah Metbah said that as already mentioned, this is a subject that will have to be carefully discussed.
?" Kong Mer said. "I'll tell you..." Rida replied. "It's been a long time, because I'm still leaving..." Kong Mer said.
The Seng on Tuesday handed over a petition to the Member of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) Bah Peter James Pyngrope Hanaman to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident. Four persons were shot dead in Mukroh village on the 22nd of last month by the Assam Police.
Another problem faced by MeECL is the non-payment of electricity bills by the companies and he mentioned MCCL T.8 crore, Cyprakash T.35 crore, RMB T.5 crore, and others. .
In the second half, Real Kashmir once again took the lead through striker Gnohere Krizo in the 55th minute. Mohammad Inam confirmed the three points by scoring again in the 69th minute.
The source said that after the mother of the child had finished working at home, she got ready to fetch water from the well nearby and put the child to sleep. The child was sleeping while the brother of the child, who was 6 years old, was playing in the field.
The MeECL San Shnong Circle led by its President and General Secretary Juni Phawa and Ialamki Sana after receiving a complaint from the residents of the village went to MeECL Engineer Moowakhu Khliehriat.
Many of those who have been enslaved and enslaved are now in the search for employment.
Rutgers, an organization that tracks women's menstrual hygiene, says 89 percent of women use jain, 2 percent use blankets and 8 percent use sanitary pads. and 2 per cent powder and 60 per cent of those who use clothes, change once a day.
This is called skill education or vocational education which means training to work in any job that a child has the ability to do.
“We have told them that we are ready to join the BJP if the coal issue can be resolved,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong: H.Elias Higher Secondary School, Meghalaya has won the Diamond Jubilee Edition of the U-17 Boys Subroto Cup International Football Tournament.
The drugs were seized at 7 pm near Mawblei Petrol Pump.
Journalists should refrain from hearsay, unfounded speculations and misinterpretations, especially if these relate to political parties or candidates.
Meanwhile, East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the same thing has happened in Laitumkhrah at the DGAR office where they are not allowed to turn vehicles.
“I don't want to give an inaccurate figure, because I will be accused of misleading the House,” he said.
Most of the bullets stolen by the Meitei people from the bullet depots in the past few months have been used to destroy those ethnic groups, as one of the Meitei's goals.
“There will also be a cleaning of the polling stations before the polling day, and the use of environmentally friendly materials will be encouraged to avoid the use of plastic,” said the CEO.Shimla: Actress Kangana Ranaut, who is also the BJP candidate for the Mandi Lok Sabha constituency in Himachal Pradesh, has strongly denied the Congress party's allegation that she used to eat beef in the past. , replied, “I am a proud Hindu” and made it clear that these allegations are completely unfounded.
He was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on the 28th of this month and died on the 29th.
Stephen told them many things that God had said and promised and that God had warned the children of Israel.
On the other hand, the family members of the deceased have demanded that the law should impose a severe punishment on the man who has raped the lives of these children.
As part of the celebration of the Independence Day of the country, the Deputy Commissioner (DC) in collaboration with the District Sports Officer (DSO) The Independence Day Run (10kms & 5kms) and Cycling (10Kms) will be held on the 15th of this month.
This discussion on this issue went on for a long time.
Despite three injuries, Meghalaya managed to beat Sikkim after losing yesterday.
So far, five schools have conducted inspections of the nuit dumps at Marten in Mawiong, parks and Mawlynnong.
After a few years, a secondary school had to be opened and by last year the number of students in the school had reached more than 5000 students.
In connection with this case, Guwahati police have lodged a complaint against Akhil Gogoi, one of the Sengbhalang leaders, for uttering remarks which were said to be intended to discriminate between the two ethnic groups. He alleged that the police of Dispur Police Station had raped and then killed Victoria.
Shillong, Nailur 05: The BJP is ready to contest the mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies to be held soon in November,
It is time for us to work together without hesitation so that we do not lose out during the revision of the Sixth Schedule”.
Shillong, July 28: The Khynniew Trep Association (KKHA) today seized hundreds of bags of illegally sold pyrsi and phareng in Iewduh.
Mawkyrwat, July 22: After the heavy rainfall in the past few days which has caused the rice fields to be flooded with water and turned into streams. and many of the fields were covered with the ground with the father.
At this meeting, Andrew said that the DC had asked to convene a meeting between the JMB and other government departments, but even after four months nothing has been resolved and there are no signs. They went to get that new place.
When asked whether the State Government has no hope of building a Thermal Project in the State, Mondal said it is not so, as the State is still preparing for such a project.
In fact, every year, the registration of failed candidates in the last SSLC Exam who wish to re-appear in the examination ends. (last date to submit application forms) is 20th October.
The residents also demanded that the government should relocate the sample collection site at Khyndailad to the parking lot opposite the SBI near Nan Polok or Wards Lake so that there will be a distance from each other. , will lead to confusion and failure to comply with the orders and regulations laid down by the Government.
War said that the PWD in the conversation after the closure said that it does not have any documents to prove that it is its land and said that the work is still pending. ing court.
Shillong, Nailar 03 : The second leg of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 which was played at the MFA Third Ground, Polo on Tuesday started with a draw. .
According to him, the BJP has always contested alone in elections.
The ksew recovered a box of suspected drugs.
"The SLFC will prepare for the second match against Pyndengrei SCSC on the 27th, Mawten on the 31st, Seven United SCC on the 3rd July and finally against Riangdo YSCA. on the 6th.
Shall we continue to discuss this part? The 'er kawut bajur is a source of fear to us.
A child was found cleaning the toilet behind the office of the Atomic Minerals Directorate at Umkdait under Nongmensong PS on Tuesday morning at 8 pm. The child was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital for treatment. On the same day, the child was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital for treatment. Ganesh Das.
India's statement came after Pakistan agreed to arrest the soldier.
The Governor has directed that for the current academic year, Class I to Class XII, will end their working hours until 12th October, to schools, to conduct their education, in all subjects, or one hundred percent.
Haryana, meanwhile, opened the scoring in the 16th minute through Saniya, who scored a beautiful goal from the Bihar goalkeeper. net.
But in my little understanding, God created man and woman only once.
Jowai: Supporters of Rio Sten, NPP candidate and incumbent MDC from 12-Barato-Mukroh Constituency, witnessed a public meeting on 22nd June 2019 at Barato Village.
Besides these national and international brands, the expo will also have shops selling specially made products from Shillong.
“I would like to encourage everyone to feel free and if you have any issues or concerns to come to the negotiating table which will solve a lot of things instead of taking them to the streets and disturbing the the whole city,” said Bah Paul.
The deceased was identified as Badondor Shabong (21) from Mawlai Nonglum and Darihun L Nongpyiur (26) from Mawlai Mawroh.
Shillong, October 3: The Cabinet meeting of the Maitsha Phrang Movement (Maitsha Phrang Movement), Bah Michael N Syiem, has vowed to strike for the implementation of the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act, Hatmajai, today approved the bill and the rules for its implementation and will take it to the Budget Session starting on 9th October.
The celebration started last year and in the past 10 years, the Seng Kynthei has organized many programmes, competitions in the village especially for women, youth and children. Prizes to the winners were distributed on this day.
From these shops, he took about 10 cases of kyiad phareng and Rs 65,000, while from the SP store he took only slasha, cigarettes and pan masala.
Furthermore, the union after holding a meeting has decided that from now on it will not allow the import of cattle from outside the state to run the market inside the market. He also warned that those who fight against the union will have to take strong action.
He expressed his condolences to the families who have been affected and to the families who have lost their loved ones in the earthquakes.
Regarding the proposal of the government through the MoRTH for the 2 lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah, Pastor Basaiawmoit said, “How can they propose a 2 lane road to the forest which is only 67 kilometers from Shillong to Silchar? This is the National Highway, we have only 2 lane roads, to the city you don't provide good roads, what's the point? , in Khliehriat, why should only 67 kilometers be built in the forest unless there is an issue to mine uranium? If you don't want to mine uranium, we will oppose uranium. Speaking on the dangers and injuries caused by the mining of uranium, the Pastor said that in Germany they have now reduced the number of nuclear power plants because of the high temperature. There is too much radiation where people cannot stand 1 kilometer away from the nuclear power plant because of the severe radiation and Germany can no longer create the world with its technology. and the earth shall be desolate.
The party has not commented on the Roster System which the government has introduced in recent days.
Agartala: A mission school in Tripura has been forced to seek protection from the government authorities after some people claiming to be members of the Hindu Jagran Manch and Sanatani Dharma threatened to to hold Sarawati Puja at the school on the 14th of June at any cost.
They took money from the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and where they spent the money is not known.
He said that when the situation in Manipur improves, these people who came here should return to their home state.
This shad is held every year as a sign of thanksgiving to the 'lei raid'lei shnong who is the Lyngdoh.
Where shall the land and the nation stand? It is necessary to interfere with the big jobs, not to interfere with the way of putting the sohsaw in the bags, the piat because it doesn't fit because it is the job of the sellers.
During the investigation, the BSF found that Tanay Marak, Nirupi Sangma and Milition Sangma confessed that it was Gopal Marak and Piliban Sangma who encouraged them to come and mine coal in Rajaju and cross the border.
As the people, it is very surprising how the people are not satisfied, but it is not surprising to say that the people are wrong and it is very difficult if the government really turns around.
"The collection of coal from the coal mines has stopped after the government issued a notice on 9th June to stop the transportation of coal from the mines," the government said in a statement. it has been about 15 days since the government issued the order.
The State Government through a notification in the Gazette, has banned all Indian citizens, including those residing in these districts, from crossing the Inner Line without a pass. The pass shall be signed by the Chief Executive of the district under seal or by any Officer authorized to issue the Pass and the State Government may from time to time cancel or amend these rules.
After this, Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School improved their style of play and in the minute of extension, a mistake between the defender of Assam Rifles Public School and the goalkeeper, led to Sokiwa- oo Bareh scored the second goal in the 60'+2 minutes for Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and turned the tide into a two-goal lead.
If we look at the countries that have developed in terms of education – Finland, Japan, South Korea, Denmark, they have a good reason to reduce the amount of homework given to children.
Shillong, June 20: The Inter School Athletic Meet, 2022 will be held for school children under 14 years, 16 years and 28 years.
According to the ancient custom, in the dorbar shnong, those who are under the age of majority can appear before those who are older, whether they are brothers or sisters, mothers, fathers or sons.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Dr BDR Tiwari said that his office is still collecting information on the areas as there are still some areas which have not yet reached the road and the people have to walk and have to work from across the river by boat.
Duka (18 & 40) and Cathlyne (35 & 37) scored the second goals.
Shillong, March 27: U Vikash Nandwal, owner of a shop in Motphran, who was robbed of petrol inside his shop on the 9th of this month, has died this morning. 8 o'clock after seven days in a hospital in New Delhi.
“We all know that it is not easy to walk especially during this time of COVID-19,” he said.
He said this is a very serious issue.
Police have also conducted a postmortem on the body of the child and later handed over the body to the family members. The hospital has sent him to Shillong for mental health treatment.
Speaking to one of the media outlets in the state, Deborah said that this meeting was a congratulation to him for being newly elected as the Secretary in charge of the state. in the state of Meghalaya.
In the final match, Chilliangraij beat Nangbah Sports Association 4-0
The government will take responsibility for your needs and we have not taken this difficult decision in view of the great danger ahead,” said Arvind Kejriwal.
She said that women especially women in the North East face many problems such as the involvement of parents in alcohol abuse, sons, polygamy, lack of property rights. wealth, besides many diseases especially anemia due to malnutrition.
In his speech, Rao strongly criticized Modi, saying that yesterday's speech on the budget was a mistake and Rao should have rejected it. He said he would not hesitate to meet Modi in three days, but he would not hesitate to oppose him, even if he had to meet him.
It is worth mentioning that there is a lack of Aadhar registration in Meghalaya and residents who do not have Aadhar may soon lose access to various schemes from the Government of India. These are women and children who will not receive the Supplementary Nutrition Program (SNP) through the ICDS of the Social Welfare Department.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, in the presence of several Ministers of the State Government, was also present on the occasion.
Chanmitre Dkhar scored two goals for the team in the 22nd and 77th minutes while Banteibor Syngkrem scored one goal in the 59th minute of the second half.
“The people want to know that the World Bank's donation will be treated as money or just assistance as explained by the MLA Nongstoiñ and the people also want to get clarification from the CM. The MDA government has requested clarification on the amount of coal royalty from the challans issued according to the NGT guideline November 2014-May 2017, which is 1,77,2
He said that the government has now enforced Section 144 CrPC in Shillong.
The Secretary of the Bio Diversity Management Committee, Kynton Massar, Bah Franco Syndor, in an interview with this reporter, said that the fish weighing up to 3 kilos in the Umsohlang River have lived since ancient times. Last Saturday, the Dorbar Shnong Kynton Massar has released 40 kilos of fish into the river.
Through the expert leadership of the CMC office bearers, which also involved ASHAs, the process of preventing the entry of foreigners has been in a clear and understandable manner. public.
She expressed her gratitude to the Presbyterian Church for providing land for the establishment of this Rural Haat and urged the residents to take responsibility in maintaining and cleaning this market. benefit and blessing to many families.
However, at the time of issuance of this temporary certificate, it did not mention that it cannot be used for the purpose of applying for a Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) or any other document from the government or shares from the Meghalaya government, said the group.
Chopra now holds this position in the list with 1455 goals; He beat Grenada's world champion Anderson Peters (1433) and Tokyo Olympic silver medalist Jakub Vadlejch of the Czech Republic by 22 goals. in the fourth rank with 1416 votes.
That is why the Apostle Paul tells the people that the pleasure of men is not according to man, for he did not receive it from man, nor was he taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.
Information on various government schemes in various government departments is available to the village officials and the public from the Block and NGOs.
“The negligence and negligence of the MeECL department especially the lack of time to repair and inspect the Post Lights from time to time, is the reason for this tragic incident in Umsalait,” said the KSU leaders. “Many times we see that in the rural areas, the electricity department is very stingy especially in the maintenance of post lights and we often see that many post lights have almost collapsed from the bottom. u Post Light and it needs to be repaired, but when we go to the authorities, they don't listen.
Speaking on the occasion, the chief guest, Bah Eric Kevin Dkhar, BDO of Umling, expressed his pleasure to see the talents of the children and witnessed a beautiful game in the final match of the four teams.
Khliehriat: The JYF-EJHDU and the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) have demanded that the electricity supply department should provide electricity to the electricity supply department. According to their findings, the Khliehriat Division has not appeared on the website of Megha Power for the purpose of paying electricity bill online. Most of the residents have used smartphones to do online transactions in other cities like Jowai, Shillong and Nongpoh.
"“The EC through the department has already issued a notification which is now available at the Hima Mylliem office to conduct the election of the full Syiem and has now been handed over to the Returning Officer to request the list of candidates. voter list and to make claims and objections,” said Bah Jambor.
Murmu was welcomed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister Metbah Lyngdoh, NPP, BJP MLAs and MP Dr Wanway Roy Kharluki.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Witting Mawsor, Bishop George Jarain and President Artemus Myrthong.
On the other hand, the government has clarified that the discussion to resolve the boundary is based on the map drawn up in 2011, which we have said that the government should not do. political".
Lachmumiere, Meghalaya Shillong.
Ma Pyrkhat Hinge, one of the leading contractors of Jaintia Hills, inaugurated the funeral home for the deceased at the cemetery of Mooshrot Catholic Church on Friday.
The match today will be between Sailung Ialong and Ladthadlaboh at 2:30 pm.
The new Executive Committee of the Sohra Hima was also formed today and the names of the Executive Members have been sent to the District Council for approval.
Rangbah Raphael Warjri, President of the Riti Academy, welcomed all those who attended the opening ceremony of the Khasi New Year.
There are 50 million voters, who elect 650 members to represent the House of Commons, or Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The meeting to cut the ribbon, to unveil the name stones, even those made of wood, is held every day even though the work is still in progress. Good songs and good songs will stir up the people who are suspicious of the politicians.
Many leaders of the area, religious leaders, sordars and Rangbah Shnongs attended the meeting.
Thomas Jones arrived in Sohra on 22 July 1841 and his first task was to put in writing the Sohra language so that people could know and read the Bible.
Jowai, June 22: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today held a public meeting in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District at the parking lot of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that he has not yet decided on this and will take a decision later.
Most of the residents live freely in the faith and respect each other and when there is any program whether it is Christmas or Behdieñkhlam we help each other in their work,” said the resident and the teacher of the village. Tuberkmaishong Village Council, U Ma Wanthmu Phawa.
“We want to make it clear that the government should consult and listen to the Khasi Shnongs, Raids and Himas.
On the Forest Department, he said the EC will also take strong action where although the Forest Department employees are present, the trees are still missing.
He said that out of the 4,747 children/students who have been forced to leave their homes; 2,217 people live in shelters in Bishnupur district, 932 in Kangpokpi district and 66 in Kakching district.
When asked why the government has spent Rs 22 crore, Shakliar said the government is already prepared to compete for the National Games and for this reason, it has spent to build the National Games. to repair the stadiums, playgrounds, equipment and other facilities to make it easier for the national games to be held.
At the same time, the Seng sends its condolences to the family of the deceased especially to his wife and children.
The Congress has won both the seats in the Opposition, as it has surprised many, as in the Opposition there are also five MLAs including former and senior Members of the House, such as Dr. Mukul Sangma and Charles Pyngrope, both MLAs of the Trinamool Congress.
Isaiah 14:12.
“These equipments have been delivered to the State Government to ensure that the number of deaths from Coronavirus will be reduced, but we don't know whether the authorities have used them or not. they are still inside the store room," said the petition sent by the union.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday said that the illegal mining of coal, the emergence of coal factories without license or permission, and the continued illegal transportation of coal across the state , the role of the state government in disobeying the orders of the NGT and Supreme Court, and the relationship and cooperation between the state government and the Mafia involved in illegal mining and transportation of coal, has become increasingly clear. .
“The fraud to get votes is no longer only in my constituency because the reason is that they want to do business and even politics,” he told reporters after the meeting.
The meeting was conducted by Babu Kular Khongjirem, one of the teachers of KJP Shillong.
The penalty shoot-out will be held for both men and women.
She said that just because there is no unemployment does not mean that we should turn to the job of employment.
In the match in Tura, East Garo won the toss and elected to score first.
He said that the District Administration together with the Government of Meghalaya have taken the initiative to rescue these 13 refugees through the collaboration of the National Disaster Relief Force, Civil Defence, Civil Defence, Police and mining experts from abroad to provide assistance to these refugees who have been trapped in the water inside the coal mine.
The Officers' Club has already helped two students of the district who want to study doctorate and this time too they will help this young man and wished him success.
The incident happened in a small village, Thadteja village which falls under Ranikor C&RD Block, South West Khasi Hills District. It is located about 14 km from Ranikor.
He said that he is thinking about the backwardness of roads and paths, schools and also about the problems of teachers. Parents should expect their children to receive a good education if teachers are in trouble.
To carry out this plan, Syiem Borgohain held a big feast at Jaintiapur and invited all his ministers and thousands of children. Hima did not come to this feast.
Using this app, citizens can immediately report illegal incidents and go to the returning officer's office.
Darshan, who received the password of Moitra's Lok Sabha account, said he had opened his account 47 times to ask questions to Moitra about the operation of Adani's company.
I violate the law of the government which serves from the bench because I serve the village voluntarily with my physical and spiritual strength.
This has been the stumbling block for the government to declare any place as a wildlife sanctuary.
In our understanding, the implementation of the NEP should be taken by the Academic Council,” he added.
He also spoke about the direct funding like the states in the northern countries, which have been able to implement development works in their villages, the village headmen also receive payment, while the state Meghalaya has not yet received this direct funding, Rangbah Shnongs often have to spend money from the plan to run the works in the village, he said that if he wins as MP he will talk about this direct funding. funding so that the villages can develop and the Rangbah Shnongs can receive various payments.
He said that when inquiring, the union found that they were not patients and neither were they employees of the health department.
The residents of the area today expressed their happiness and especially the women who live in poverty when they go to the toilet due to the lack of public toilet.
Shillong, July 12: The Women's Football Tournament organized by the Riwar Mihngi Sports Association (RMSA) started on Saturday at the Pynursla Block Office.
“This statement by the Defense Minister comes before the Army confirmed that four soldiers were killed in the attack.
On the other hand, Bah Ricky Sohlang, Chairman of the JAC, in his speech, said that the JAC has often held such public meetings in the past years where the people themselves have empowered the JAC to He said that the JAC has not stopped fighting and every day it is looking for ways and means to get justice because of the backwardness of the community. “This is the goal of the JAC,” said Ricky Sohlang.
The CAB issue has been used as a tool to vote for the upcoming MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC.
Hearing the case, the Chief Justice of the Gauhati High Court said, “To use JCBs, to destroy the house for the sake of You don't have faith in any law against those who do wrong.
I don't agree with the third part of making Bah Pynshngain like Moses.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) Eastern Zone on Tuesday conducted an inspection of the road from Bhoirymbong to Mawlasnai to find out the condition of the road.
This exam also has a negative marking if the answer is incorrect.
Similarly, Congress MLA from Nongstoiñ, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, while supporting the issue, said that although the police department and district authorities are fighting as much as they can to curb the traffickers and users, There is no law to prevent them from doing this evil again.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bansharailang Pyngrope, State President of NSUI Meghalaya State Unit, said that the reason for his resignation along with other office bearers of the party including the The All India Congress Committee (AICC) in Delhi has decided to dissolve the NSUI. He said that since the appointment of Bah Vincent H Pala as President of the MPCC has had many changes within the party.
The Cabinet meeting held a few days ago last month chaired by Prime Minister Vijayan has already taken a decision in this regard, she said.
“The District Council is the owner of the land under the Sixth Scheduled and should order the Hima, Village Authority, Sordar Shnong to collect evidence, documents and to collect them. hand over to the government so that the land claim will be strengthened from the conflict with Assam.
This is one of the issues in the forefront and besides, there is also a ban on attending church services in the villages and also the processions, which have been held since the beginning of time. to the time of the Catholic Church or which can be said that at such a time the conversion to the church has stopped completely and those who are spiritually alive, have felt it in their own lives or in their own lives. of their of homes.
After failing to score in the first half, the game started to slow down in the 55th minute of the second half when Lajong started looking for chances to score but failed. in ways to nip the ball forward.
Not a single Khasi has been involved in the preparation of this Khasi book,” said Bah George.
Hep was also very happy because she had driven a long way.
The CEM also urged the Hima Mylliem to increase the number of garbage trucks and the garbage should be transported from midnight until morning so that it will not be difficult in the morning to see the garbage. ha street.
MeECL has not been able to immediately remove the power outage as it still needs to be returned to others who have been supplying electricity to the State for full use to avoid more hours of power outage.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sngma, said that the committee will appoint all government departments to prepare a report to submit to the NGT. The Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) have been directed to ensure that the mining of coal should be stopped completely in the state as it is illegal.
However, he admitted that the recent proposal has changed from Section 6A. Expressing the interference of the state government in the functioning of the councils, Passah requested that it is necessary to ensure the functioning of the councils. these councils, saying that it is time to do what is necessary.
He said that the farmers need to get access to the market so that they can market their products in a profitable manner.
The CEM of KHADC said that the jaitbynriew should stop the marriage of women with non-Khasis as it is a terrible threat.
The team will take part in the Under 14 and Under 9 boys and girls competitions.
Let us also meditate on the words of the Holy Scriptures, which point and guide us to be participants in the building of the new Heaven and the new Earth.
However, to suddenly introduce this rule is very difficult for us clubs.
Besides, you remember to come to the state only when the election is near but after that four and a half years you don't remember.
Those who are selfish should not be given a place in politics.
Computers, tables and chairs were damaged and caught fire in the blast, the report said.
Surong said that the road was constructed under the PMGSY scheme and so far the cost has reached Rs 10 crore but it has not been completed yet.
Another person died this morning in Akongre, while five others were injured.
They also held a meeting at the Beat Office of Umjaknieh Forest Range under Baithalangso Police Station, West Karbi Anglong. The DGP and other police chiefs also held a meeting with the village leaders of Raid Nongtung at Mawlasnai to discuss the issue. Discuss how to maintain peace and stability in the area.
Regarding the celebration of the 32nd Foundation Day of St. George School, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also a resident of Nongmensong, said that he is proud that the school has been able to achieve its goals. has improved over the years, even if its size or grounds are not a large school.
For the testament is of force after death" Hebrews 9:15-1
He added that on the issue of the farmers, it is necessary to raise the issue in the Legislative Assembly to ask where those markets are to provide relief to the farmers.
During the Wildlife Week, there will be a mobile photography competition on reptiles/mammals/amphibians/endangered and endemic plants.
Referring to the final match, which was held between the Police Department against the PHE, it was a very friendly and beautiful match and it caught the eyes of the people, who came to witness the match. final, because the players of these two teams, have really shown that beautiful skill and besides many of those who came to play in this, came to lead the famous players of the state.
Hame Shaniah won the gold medal in the Senior Men Point Fighting -57 kg and the silver medal in the Senior Men Point Fighting - 63 kg.
Shillong Police have raided Ri Bhoi on Friday evening to raid the shops used by the suspects to smuggle petrol. and Diesel and during the raid, they arrested many people involved in this case.
The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (MHRF) has vowed to lodge a complaint with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission against the Karbi for violating the human rights of the Pnars. who live in the border villages with Assam.
Of these, 12 who passed the DSC, only two were employed.
There are still many rights of teachers that the government has violated such as monthly salary, retirement benefit scheme, pension, MCPC, medical re-imbursement, etc. not faithful.
Shillong, June 15: The State Police on Tuesday arrested the leader of the “Lawei ba Phyrnai” group which claims to be a Kiengatiar group and threatened to blow up bombs in schools in Shillong.
He said there was no dialogue between Assam and the owners of these villages.
They were found near Wahlakhaw to Sohiong.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Following receipt of information from intelligence agencies on the smuggling of ammunition to the GNLA in Garo Hills from Dimapur via Assam, the East Garo Hills Police together with the police. SWAT & COBRA have conducted a search operation to arrest the vehicles carrying these ammunition. When they arrived at the scene, they followed a vehicle which was suspected to be the vehicle carrying ammunition belonging to the suppliers of ammunition to the GNLA. The vehicle, which has registration number AS 01AJ 5102, fled the scene.
He said that the Dkhars here in the city, they always vote for the national parties and they don't want to vote for the national parties and it is sad that there are places where they have been able to decide who will win. and whom to defeat in the election.
Earlier, the Minister also took part in the tree planting and seed ball dispersal program at SICPAC and also inaugurated the Nature Interpretation Center at Phan Nonglait Park.
Thomas Dkhar scored the first goal of the match.
“All the participants have their own talents and this is like opening up opportunities in future tournaments," she said.
In the first round, we have already done, yes, there are those who oppose who accuse the government of selling the land, too but most say it is enough.
Pay Scale:- Level 11th of the Revised Pay StructureEducational Qualification:- Should be a Diploma in Electrical Engineering having knowledge of Cold Chain System/ Refrigerator.
Violators of this order will be punished according to the Excise Acts and Rules.
Shillong: The blackout of MeECL every night has affected the education of the school children, especially in Umkiang Village, which is a very hot village, until the children cannot sleep well. because of the heat.
Meghalaya has a Raj Bhavan built since the time of the British Government in Shillong and with this new Raj Bhavan, Meghalaya has been included in the list along with some of the States of the country, which have the most one of the Raj Bhavan.
Christ is the head of the church and governs and directs what this body of men that makes it up should do: “And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, Give ye me to eat. all authority in heaven and on earth; Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost” (Matt. 28:18-19). How important is the Church? The Church was in God's mind as He allowed His Son to die on the cross (Isa. 53:4).
It is not only this King who sells the nation; However, there are many Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs who are so expensive that they are quick to issue a certificate to any foreigner to show that he is the owner of the village. .
Jowai, July 18: The three Dorbar Shnongs of Jowai will hold a dorbar to discuss the illegal construction of a mosque or Muslim place of worship in Jowai on the outskirts of Myntdu wat. amidst the NGT ban to protect the Myntdu River.
On the other hand, the CoMSO will consider in these days on various programs that we will do if the Government does not show signs that it really intends to implement this demand of the union.
This is the second time that the Missions in Lum Garo have been robbed of money. The first incident happened this year when robbers broke into the house of a retired teacher. Bosco School teacher Gaganendra Sanyal of Kuralbanga was abducted at gunpoint and later released after his family paid the demanded money.
Shillong, July 20: The Supreme Court has refused to recognize the Rangbah Shnong Act passed by the Jaintia District Council in
These plastic bags were packed with sugar from the Food & Civil Supplies Department, which was identified as the sugar supplied to the ration distributors. These small plastic bags weigh 10 kilograms.
You must be the job creators in the next generation.
During the inspection, the ministers also found that the people who are still digging the boundary in the forest and when asked, they are the people who have taken contract to dig the ground for the purpose of digging the boundary. When they arrived at the cemetery of Krist Jaiaw Church, Bah Morris Lyngdoh Nongpiur, who conducted the work, said that he too is a member of the church and knows well that the church has He bought 10,000 square feet of land at a cost of T.5 lakh and received another 10,000 square feet but the money has not been paid yet.
Khliehmawlieh and Rangdajied will face each other in the final semi-final.
Clean marriage has been practiced in all countries of the world since ancient times.
In another incident, police said that Phaidalin Kharlyngïong had lodged a complaint that on the 5th of June at about 2 pm, a man named E Ïawphniaw, had left the house. He also stole from her shop in Mawthawpdah, South West Khasi Hills.
Many times this is what the Rangbah Khasi did.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) has given time to the police to release three arrested members of the party including the President of Balat Circle, Samla Khraw Bok Rangdkhiew. John Syiemlieh and Stadbor Dkhar, the party of five circles including Sawsymper, Mawsynram, Lawbah, Balat and Ranikor, have announced that they will hold a strong protest to start the curfew. hours on the 19th of this month and an office curfew on the 20th of this month. The office curfew will be in force only in two blocks, Mawsynram and Ranikor C&RD Block.
He said that in fact Ramesh should have seen how the Congress has already shown that it is ready to join hands with the NPP. The NPP is the BJP and the mask and this is not only in the election campaign but now we have seen that the BJP and the NPP are together.
Many have complained that if the announcement is too short, many will lose the opportunity to nominate themselves and will allow only foreigners and those who are more skilled to participate in the announcement. Meghalaya Police Station.
The order is to ensure that these vehicles carrying essential goods who intend to deliver to other states can reach the Barak Valley.
Manipur Health Minister Jayanta Kumar accompanied Chief Minister Conrad Sangma at the meeting with Nadda.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the VPP and Congress MPs to immediately request the Central Parliament to bring back the Central Committee. The Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) have been ordered to investigate the government ministers in the state, in order to clarify the allegations of corruption in the state.
The body's inability to produce insulin is the leading cause of diabetes.
“In total, 13 candidates in 2018, 11 candidates in 2019 and 9 candidates in 2020 have passed from the North East.
However, there are still many legitimate needs that non-Government teachers should have.
“Many times the BSF used to slander us that we wanted to sell to Bangladesh, he didn't know where we were going to sell and kill people.
“One is to set up a Conciliatory Body to look into the incident in the villages, or the division of the villages.
Praising the Prime Minister's initiative, she said, “We hope that it will reduce the premature deaths of pregnant women and we hope that this will reduce the entire working pattern of the health department. you are Healthy.
On the other hand, the CEM confirmed during the meeting that his Executive Committee is determined to lead the Council in the right direction and to provide a clean and efficient service to the Council. for the development of the residents of the District as a whole.
Shiva Thapa is the son of (L) Nar Bahadur Thapa, resident of Moosalyngkat, Jowai and works as a Muster Roll at PWD. and he was buried in the wilderness of Salaroh.
I am not surprised, because even Conrad Sangma and Modi have many critics.
In the same way, if there is only one kind of church, it is bad.
However, from the candidates to the people, they are still struggling with the changes that have shattered the society, to pave the way for others to sit on the path of Khadar rule for more than 50 years. earlier.
The Principal of North Liberty HSS B Richard Uriah expressed his satisfaction that the students of his school have done well in the examination.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has invited the people of West Bengal to come and talk and find out the truth about this false news. Kolkata, but it is in Meghalaya and if they want to talk and find out the truth they can come to Kolkata, but they should not stir up trouble outside the state on this issue.
As a warning to the drivers, the Nongpoh Traffic Police have imposed a fine of T.100 on those drivers who do not wear a seat belt.
Regarding the parking spaces, (Parking No 1), all vehicles coming from Rymbai should park along the road from Rymbai to the old office. The Deputy Commissioner said that those vehicles coming from Deiñchynrum Line should turn away from Khliehriat East and park their vehicles at Parking No2
There are 18 recoveries, 12 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Khasi Hills and 5 from BSF. The total number of recoveries has risen to 509 personnel, including 223 BSF personnel, 226 civilians and 60 other personnel.
He said that at that time, the understanding of the Church was to serve God only in its four corners.
Now, you're almost a salonsar.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 31: The International AIDS Candlelight Day was celebrated in East Jaintia Hills District to commemorate the deaths from HIV/AIDS. The program was organized by the Meghalaya State Network of Positive People (MSNP+), in collaboration with the Rashtriya Kishore Health Program (RKSK).
Scientists in England have found that the corona virus has spread to children.
Kailasavadivoo Sivan, chief executive officer of the Indian Space Research Organization, said the robot is known as half-human because it has no legs.
This is not only the work of the people, but also the involvement of the Assam police, in which they dare and imprison the elderly man, without any clear and true grounds.
Shillong: Answering a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah in the House today on the Building Act, EM incharge of Town Committees, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Act on Building Town Committees The Government works only in some areas of the Shillong Agglomeration.
We request the Police Department to strengthen the anti-drug police in East Jaintia Hills, as it has become the main entry point for drugs into the State.
On the other hand, Samla Bantei Umbah, President of the HNYF, Umsning Circle, said that the HNYF, Umsning Circle, has warned all the drivers in Umsning to be careful when parking in the city. Because of the greatness of the thieves in these days, they are not afraid to steal even in the morning.
The Shillong Municipal Board has already registered all the land dealers in different parts of Shillong and the SMB has registered the land dealers in different parts of Shillong. They have been given permission since 31.3.2017 but it was found through RTI that these non-native residents do not have labor licence/work permit which is against the laws of the country. state.
When they took the lead after winning the toss, the SCA-A batsmen were all out for 101 runs.
The vehicle was carrying 3 mobile phones, T 4,000 cash, three ID cards and an injection gun.
Shillong: Leaders of the KSU West and South West Khasi Hills in the presence of Central Body leaders including Rapbor Nongrum Publicity Secretary today met with the Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Prestone Tynsong to speak on the problems of the people of West and South West Khasi Hills due to the lack of roads.
The Mawryngkneng Area has expressed its deep sorrow over the presence of an electricity post in the center of Mawryngkneng village which has caused serious injury to the residents and visitors. of a little boy.
Garrywell Syiem of Mawpdang SC scored three goals (25, 41 & 48 min) and Patsha Syiem one goal (30 min).
“Give up, I’m so glad you stung my shoulder.
Ms Nosmi Hahshah also spoke on the Mental Healthcare Act, 2017, which includes access to mental health protection or support, the right to live in the community, the right to the right to equality and impartiality, the right to information, the right to information on medicines or treatments, the right to confidentiality, the right to legal assistance, the right to appoint assistants or guardians and so on with the aim of establishing or strengthening the right to welfare of every person in the field of health the thought of the mind.
It is to be recalled that the Government of Meghalaya, since 22nd July, has declared the Sports and Fitness Month in the state by encouraging all the residents to participate in various sports activities. The National Sports Day, the birth anniversary of Indian hockey player Major Dhyan Chand, will be celebrated on the 29th of July.
“What's behind it, since 20th June, 2022 when you received the report from the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), we have heard that it has been sent back to the Political Department,” he said. He is the Chairman of the Sur of the Bri Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, November 10: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Meghalaya will do whatever is necessary to prove the party's allegation that there is a The government has misused T.632 crore in the Meghalaya Ecotourism Infrastructure Development Project (MAL).
Because we have seen and the Block workers have seen that there has never been a party that has won from the beginning to the end or that has held power for a lifetime.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Government of Meghalaya has distributed 4,07,012 lakh Ration Cards out of a total of 4,22,040 Ration Cards to the beneficiaries of the National Food Security Scheme (NFSS). ) in the state.
Nongpoh, July 06: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RIF) 3 Village Unit in Ri-Bhoi today celebrated its 3rd Anniversary since its establishment in confirm the new office bearers of the organization to continue their service to the community.
Finally, HANM would like to extend its special thanks to the District Authorities in Ri Bhoi, who have taken the initiative and worked hard to prevent the entry of foreigners.
He has contributed greatly to the society through his good deeds.
In the past few days, there has been a difference of opinion within the PDF over the T.133 crore in which there have been comments and speeches from the MDC Congress. The Ministry of Trade and Industry from Bah James Sylliang who has been very pleased with you.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati said that the statement of the MDC of Mawhati is unfounded and demanded that the MDC of Mawhati should verify if there is any written record that the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning have rejected the statement. If he cannot prove it, it will show that he is a deceitful MDC who has slandered the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning.
The resort was inaugurated by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem in the presence of other Ministers of Mylliem Hima, the owner of the resort, Bah Kordor Marbaniang, Bah SS Sohtun, the Sordar of the area. village leaders and relatives.
Amita said that this was the intention to kill them both.
The Phang Pdeng of these three days is, “Don't be afraid.
In the hearts of the people, once they have received the money, they feel stupid, they feel affected not to vote and they vote even if they don't want to or don't have any reason for that candidate.
Youths from various organizations from the city and suburbs came to take part in this annual cleanliness drive to keep the volcano clean and tidy.
I cook my own tea in the hospital and I wash my own clothes,” he said in a video conferencing interview with his fellow ministers.
The total number of recoveries is 196 and the death toll is
Investigation revealed that one of the passengers was a suspect involved in drug trafficking.
OBCs, 237 males contested and 175 or 73.84 per cent passed, 266 female candidates contested and passed, 190 or 71.43 per cent.
However, Bah Pynshngain fought against it and was suspended by the Election Commission of India, while other MDCs resigned out of fear including UDP MDCs.
According to Bah Kharkrang, the court has sent a letter of arrest to the leaders of the Sengbhalang and there are 87 charges under the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order (MMPO) Act regarding the ILP protest. Kharkrang said these cases relate to stone throwing, burning of vehicles, murder and other illegal acts that occurred during the ILP protest in 2013 and
Therefore, the office invites all boys and girls under the age of 12 years, to take part in this Football Tournament.
The suspect was arrested by the Police led by a special team of Police.
“This was decided at the meeting of the Chief Ministers of the two states to set up committees from all the states so that they can submit reports on the progress of the border settlement. It is divided between Assam and Meghalaya,” said Bah Tynsong.
It was also witnessed that members of the students of NEHU forcibly entered the Conference Hall during the hours of the Vice Chancellor's meeting.
Eugene won the mid-term elections held in November last year, which was held after the death of Sun.
Speaking on the collapse of the bridge, u Bah Amse, said that this has created problems in the delivery of food items, ration items and other necessities to the households. There is a fear that the food and drink they have will run out and cause them trouble, especially those who are sick and need to go for medical treatment regularly.
“We can't do anything,” said the old man when some farmers were not harvested.
SGH has retained the top spot after winning two of their last matches, while EGH have lost two of their last matches.
It was for this reason that as a preacher of the Word of God and a volunteer of the Khasi, he counted himself and tried his best to free Rajendra Sing Syiem Jaintiapur from that persecution.
Eskuf contains codeine, a Category C Medication which can affect the unborn child and is prohibited from being used or drunk during pregnancy.
Only those of the noble tribes are eligible to hold these positions and have the right to elect these positions.
In an email sent to the media, the union demanded the immediate release of Julius K Dorphang at 10 pm on 9th June 2022 at the ISBT Platform.
The CEM said that at present he has allocated 700 farmers.
“It is also surprising to hear that he told the people that the media here gathers the meetings of the VPP just to find out the reasons and shortcomings of the party,” they added.
On Thursday, the second semi final will be played between Shillong Cricket Association (Zone 1 Group-B) and Tura DCA (Second Zone 2). ).
Until his death they did not dare to use his body and that is why he was known as Kiang from Nangbah.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that after the return of the youth of the state from other states of India, perhaps many of the youth of the state have the skills to work in various departments of private companies. Therefore, the companies should not allow the youth of the state.
“It is a fact that it has been a mismanagement and mismanagement since 50 years ago when this policy was drafted, therefore it is not an easy task to resolve it in 5 days or month," he said.
The residents of Garo Hills have been surprised by the lack of Internet service in Garo Hills as the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma recently announced the introduction of HighSpeed ​​Internet in Garo Hills.
The Revenue Officer, JHADC has given until 15th November to resolve the land dispute between the village and Romario Sungoh. Copiousness Daw did not take action and the village remained in darkness.
The winners of the Red Show were Shangpung College, Shangpung which won the first prize, Riwar Jaintia College, Amlarem which won the second prize and Jaintia Eastern College which won the second prize. College, Khliehriat has won the third position.
This is necessary for the public speaker to have a lot of knowledge and information on various subjects.
Nongshlong said that regarding the presence of two EPICs and the polling in two polling stations, he did not force them to come back to Meghalaya or Assam.
However, the only thing that has led them to reach this goal is that they have a great desire to achieve their own goal.
It is prohibited to sit in large numbers on the side of the road or in remote areas and it is also prohibited to park vehicles improperly along the road.
The Congress-led MUA-II government is against the farmers and is clearly insulting and the people should not respond.
“Taking this into account, the department has issued a notification and strictly prohibited the sale of Lakadong seeds for export outside Jaintia Hills,” she said. They have helped to increase the cultivation of Lakadong by 13 percent.
The Longkmie Seng also arrested three women on the day of the incident. They said that the owner of the dhaba had no knowledge of the crime, as he had given it away to other people. manage and conduct as an awria camp within the village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Fr. Edmund Gomes, a Father in charge of the Nongthymmai Church, said that the Nongthymmai Church has built two graves.
The Chairman of the Regulatory Board, Bah Lambha Roy, Director of Higher and Technical Education, LR Sangma as convener, Dr MPR Lyngdoh, Dr Caroline Marak and T Mark are not members.
Shangpliang said this in response to the incumbent Congress leader and MP Vincent H Pala on the allegation that the people will dig their own graves if they support and vote for the NPP because it is only the symbol of the BJP. “Who wants to sit in a sinking boat? Instead of voting for the Congress, it would be better for the people to vote for the NPP to ensure the arrival of development works in Meghalaya,” said Bah Hima.
The scheme is the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) 2020 worth T.5000/-.
This will also be true for the BJP especially when the MP elections under Modi's leadership will be held next year, a few months later.
Four days after drowning, the body of a child was found and recovered on Tuesday from the Kynshi River.
This is the purpose of the Government as a test of power for the people and after seeing that no one is willing to fight against it, it will become a powerful rule and not a people's rule.
The Pledge Taking Ceremony was led by Bah JS Chyrmang, DFO, Nongstoin & Mawkyrwat.
Conrad said the State Government has also taken steps to take action against the illegal entry of foreigners by amending the provisions of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) and passing a resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which is pending approval by the Central Government.
Williamnagar, November 20: Civil society organizations including GSU, FAF, FKJGP and AIGU of Williamnagar have decided to hold a road blockade against MeECL employees in Williamnagar on 21st and 22nd November
It is for this reason that many district councils have to collect revenue from the markets and from the trees cut from the forests under the jurisdiction of the district councils.
Joplangki Challam scored 55' for Nangbah Iawmusiang and Maidong Mukhim 81' for Demthring.
“We have left to provide assistance to these 7 families who were severely affected by the heavy rainfall on the 24th and 25th of this month.
Shillong: The KHNAM MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the people want to see the true nature of the Government. It has promised to expedite the evacuation of the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong.
“Every time there are such incidents, it is seen that the police hide behind while the people turn to fight, the authorities should order the police to turn in front to fight. “Please don't let people come to their place,” said Bah Shullai.
He said that these water pipes are supplied around Shillong.
“However, our employees from Tura want us to fight,” said Dipayan.
Shillong: The Umiam Dam has been covered with garbage from Shillong through two rivers, the Umkhrah and the Umshyrpi.
aided teachers/professors) to participate again in political activities by completely abolishing the decision of the govt.
She demanded that justice should be done to those who destroyed her life, because if she was not mentally strong, she should have committed suicide.
It is learned that Ma Shylla, had gone to the workplace of these men, in a car, along with three others, but when they reached the place, they were shot dead. he suffered greatly and died later.
Shillong: Two Kurs including the Nongkhlaw Kur and the Kurkalang Kur have demanded that the KHADC should revoke the trading license (TL) issued to the Dkhars who trade in Iewmawlong area. The shooting of Khasi children by metor drivers.
Before entering Iewduh from Motphran or Mawkhar, you will see an inscription on Khilon (arch) which reads, 'Earn the Right'
Six months after she chose the sport in July 2022 after her son-in-law, who is also a coach, Vikas Dagar, sent her to play shot-put.
One of the issues that we need to prepare for is that many changes will come in the future especially the policies or actions of the government in an effort to revive the economy of the country and other sectors due to the impact of the this disease, the cyclone Amphan, the affected agriculture for many reasons and other events that we cannot foresee.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the amendment of the Agricultural Marketing Act 1980 will be a blessing to the farmers of the state. More markets can be created for the farmers of the state.
Maheesh Theekshana took four wickets for 31 runs to help Sri Lanka beat the Netherlands by 128 runs in the final.
The State has received this award for its success in the fight against the disease from the Intensified Control Phase to the Elimination Phase.
Henry Morning 6.
The Dorbar Shnongs in Rilum Khasi Jaintia are one of the most important in the administration of khadar and the orderly management of village affairs.
When they had eaten the jyntah, they ate together.
The tympew field can last for five years or more, but the yield decreases after the fifth year.
Furthermore, it is because of the boycott that Bollywood has suffered a lot because the films have not been able to make enough money.
Speaking at the meeting, Shekhar Gupta said that PA Sangma passed away early and there are still many things he has to do for the people of India.
China's action is to demonstrate its sovereignty over China's claim that the island of Taiwan is a paid part of China and therefore China's claim. struggles to own the country and struggles to show power from time to time, especially when foreign powers such as the United States, come to participate or inspect and deal with the country. chapter.
The reason why these civil society organizations and villages have set up a Joint Action Committee is on the grounds that the traffic of vehicles carrying goods on this road has damaged this road and it is for this reason that the The Joint Action Committee has been set up to monitor the movement of heavy vehicles and to prevent the movement of heavy vehicles.
It is learned that the police station is very busy especially during the rainy season.
The Forest and Environment Department has banned the transportation of mawshun/mawtang because it does not have a weighbridge.
and these were numbered, and we know not how many thousands.
He said that the meeting will also discuss the issues related to the welfare of the kur.
Shillong: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima together with his ministers have agreed to completely eliminate the illegal kilo cutting in Iewduh.
This is not the first time that the mluh crisis has spread in the state but it has happened in the past few years where people have been running up and down in search of milk. There was no milk in the market at that time and the news disappeared after the district authorities confirmed that it was just a bad news.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath today said he has tested positive for covid-19 and is currently in quarantine.
On the allegation of the government's decision on the conduct of the MTET examination, which has been held since 2010, while the government has conducted the examination until 2019, the Minister said, “This is because we don't want the work of contract teachers to end and we want the teachers to get the proper qualification as stipulated by the NCTE”.
There is also information that there is no smuggling of deiwong.
Mukul Sangma said one of the reasons for the suffering of the farmers is because the state government is silent.
"At the same time, Modi has renamed the NDA from the National Democratic Alliance to 'New India'
The employees of the Housing Board have not received their salaries for more than two years but according to information the government has soon released their salaries for a few months.
“He said that if he is elected on 13th January, he will work to bring about development in the constituency in many ways.
Shillong, March 29: The Meghalaya Pensioners' Association (MSA) Shillong (Central Body) on Tuesday held a special program on the theme, “Damage to the Environment” at the Dorbar Hall Neng Gate Pynursla. public awareness on the seriousness of the damage to the environment.
From this statement, the officers understand that in case of natural disasters in rural areas, it is the duty of the village leaders to inform the C&RD Block office within 24 hours. The Block will lodge an FIR. After that, the Gramsevak will come to inspect the damage and take stock of the damage.
“The presence of the Meghalaya Police has given us peace of mind, but we regret that the accommodation of these policemen is not adequate for their peace of mind and for this reason on behalf of the village, we request “I have asked the government to provide accommodation for these policemen patrolling at this Out Post,” said Michess Maskut.
The Government has always promoted the tourism sector as it is a way to boost income in the state and today we have decided to release the dates for the programmes. so that tourists can get information and come to take part in these various festivals".
It was found that the blaze has completely destroyed a part of the road and the road has been completely destroyed.
He said that the party's decision to remove his ticket will affect the party and the candidates in the upcoming elections because the people know who those people are who are fighting politics in relation to the distribution of tickets. to the candidate.
in Babadam which falls under the Rongram C&RD Block.
He said that if the CEM wants to explain to the people, he should come to the people himself together with his PDF group and the committee appointed for the purpose. street.
Why do you mix religion with politics ? Those who say this are those who do not understand.
“The Congress leader said that in the state itself, the construction of the Iing Dorbar is the most beautiful building which everyone says is the most sacred place in the independent country.
We want to set up a more unique shopping mall in the state, especially here in Shillong,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Mamata, 64, has been on dharna in Kolkata's Esplanade for three days to protest against the CBI's actions.
As he had spoken to his brother, so went the relationship.
