He said that the protest of the residents of Jaintia Hills under the umbrella of the Jaintia Coordinating Committee for Reservation Policy, 1972 (JCCRP) is on the basis of demanding human rights in the distribution of jobs in the State. protest against the State Government or to discriminate between the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo in Meghalaya.
Martin Lyngdoh, Jwit Lyngdoh, Chief Executive Officers of Raid Iapngar, together with other Rangbah Shnong Mawshut, today visited the Raid Iapngar. Hilarious Suting, the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawshut, has been appointed as the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawshut. Shanbor Nongrum and Gilbert Nongrum.
The family of I (Late) Kennedy Shylla who passed away on 21.10.2022 and was buried on I have been cared for in this time of sorrow.
Besides the beauty pageant, the program was enriched by programs from various villages in the Riwar Shella area who showcased their traditional costumes.
In a letter to the Governor, the Seng said that according to the order issued by the Government of Meghalaya on 1st November 2021 through the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, M/S Jaimaa Coal Private Limited of Beltola, Guwahati has been allowed to smuggle coal from abroad through Gasuapara Land Custom Station to Bangladesh.
they shall never have sorrow again" Jeremiah 31:10-1
In the Under-18 Girls Shotput competition, Ribathiang Dkhar St. Mary Mazzarello HS School won second, Risuklang-i Suchiang St. Dominic HS School won second and Jingshaihun Ksoo Little Flower HS School won third.
The villages have the authority to ask the residents (including their fellow Khasi-Khara) for this information, in order to maintain peace in the community.
In India, riewhadem seeds are used to make cow feed by cutting the seeds into small pieces and feeding them directly to the cows, or feeding them after they have been kept for several months in cages. they were designed to store cattle feed so that cattle could eat it in times of food shortage.
If they don't, how will they pay the salaries of teachers and other school staff? However, the tuition fees should not be too high so that everyone can enjoy the education.
The group would like to congratulate Junita Khonglam, Kynsai Dkhar, Jessy Kharumuid and Kynum.
The theme of this tournament is 'Hands that can, hearts that can't" as the central theme.
Besides, there will also be a Hima shooting competition where the winners will receive prizes of Rs 50,000, Rs 30,000 and Rs 15,0
The works of writers help to improve the society,” said Kong Roshan.
The West Jaintia Hills District team won 17 medals including 8 gold, 4 silver and 5 medals. Ri-Bhoi District came second with 15 medals including 6 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals. East Khasi Hills team came third after winning 10 medals including 5 gold, 3 silver and 2 bronze.
The HNYF leaders have made it clear to the government that if the government does not receive revenue from the mineral resources, the HNYF will not hesitate to gather its members to go to the weighbridge gate for the purpose of to see how much the government revenue and especially the coal revenue deficit.
“If anyone has a feeling, it is their own feeling but there is no relationship between Aadhaar and the number 666,” said Pastor Phawa.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU-JHDU) has continued to extend its helping hand by distributing food items to the families affected by the lockdown to fight against the pandemic. COVID-19.
Shillong: U Bah David Lyngdoh, alias Bah Jyllud, has escaped from the custody of the police before being taken to the District & Session Court.
This important discussion was convened by Pehle India which has worked hard to raise awareness across India on the dangers of lead poisoning.
For thou hast made known this secret" Daniel 2:1-4
Shillong: The Congress party today alleged that one of the ministers of the MDA government, has threatened one of the officers of the state government, just because he did not obey the order. The Minister said that after he has completed his appointment, he will dismiss him.
Members of the National Cadet Corps (NCC), Rotary District 3240 and Shillong Municipal Board also attended the programme.
“At the same time, he said that in 2021 (ter-ter), foreigners have killed Phershanroy Myrthong at Golf Links and bomb killed Elias L. Nonglait at Them Bijoy. They shot the Khasi at Nongmensong, Rilbong, Furlong and other places.
Such things are happening in the country, but we need strong support,” Prabhakaran said.
They said that after they escaped from the shooting, they informed their fellow youths from Khyndewso village and who went to the place where they were shot, in order to discuss the matter. When they arrived at the scene, they found that there were many Nepalis and at that time, they too were turned away.
On 24.06.2023, the Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) held a public meeting to elect the new office bearers for the term 2023-2 Michael Thongni, President, Johny Syiem, Vice President, Mesaia L. Iawlar, General Secretary, Genevie Thabah, Finance Secretary, Spleindaris Jyrwa, Asst. .Finance Secretary, Luckystar Nongdkhar, Publicity Secretary and others.
We demand the immediate suspension of the Village Authorities and the holding of new elections for the interim Rangbah Shnong to look after the affairs of the Village and to arrange them as directed by the Health Ministry for the new Dorbar. .
The answer to this, said Bah Dkhar, is that parents should teach their children from the time they are still in school that after passing the examination they should do any job while they are still in school. get.
This is also after about 3 years that the Covid-19 pandemic has struck many countries of the world and has affected the income and well-being of all countries, especially those countries that are still and those who have not yet been born.
The KNTA has renewed its office bearers for a term of three years. The new office bearers were confirmed by the President of the KNTA, Bah Pailakordor Lyngkot. Hoping Phawa, former President of the party, on the 9th of this month.
The program also includes the purchase of agricultural vehicles including mini trucks, tourist vehicles including caravans, luxury vehicles, electronic vehicles and minibuses, construction of warehouses, common facility centres, green tourism villas, construction of horticulture polyhouses and construction of dairy units and pig, cattle and goat farms.
The Kingdom of Israel was established and proclaimed by the UN in 1948 and is a single nation.
On the other hand, the Seng has met with the management of this company and warned that if this company continues to damage this water and agriculture of the people, it will not hesitate to suspend this company. .
The TMC leader appealed to the people to give their confidence to the TMC party so that it can bring about change in the state after the election.
The most important thing is that even the poor are not allowed to treat the rich.
“If the leaders cannot advocate in the House, who else can advocate for their problems?” said the Umroi MLA.
For women, Agniveer General Duty (All Arms) who have completed Class VIII and for Agniveer Tradesman (All Arms) who have completed Class VIII.
By doing so, Jesus will be glorified.
She said that she cannot see that he will stay in jail at this time, where food, drink and sleep are not enough and this will affect more and more the diseases. this was bombed.
In addition, through the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) scheme for the year 2019-2020, a washing platform has been constructed with a rain shelter and water supply at a cost of 3 lakh tyngka.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that it is the responsibility of the District Transport Officer to monitor the fares.
Shillong: There have been 144 new cases of corona virus in Shillong today.
Khynra is still walking.
The seized goods were handed over to the Custom Office for further action.
After Daniel Craig left the role of James Bond, there were rumors that Idris would play the role.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the students and the distribution of gifts and reading from the Word of God.
in" and the website shows that the scholarship of another student which should have arrived on 31.08.2019 but in the same column it shows that it has failed, and it also shows “Failure Reason: R9 ".
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 43 lakh so far.
Drones have brought about major changes in the delivery of vaccines and tests.
The prizes were distributed by the guest speakers together with the WJDSA management. The prize money for the winners is 30,000 tyngka for the first, 20,000 tyngka for the second and 10,000 tyngka for the third.
The union demands the proper implementation of this scheme so that Bataw Village can also receive the title of Open Deification Free (ODF) within Khliehriat Block. The authorities should look after this scheme to ensure that the families who are eligible for this scheme get all their rights, not for the benefit of anyone.
I'm planning to buy the stock of JINGBAM IN THE IEW (Covid era). HEAT IOH FOG KLUN BEIT!!!! IF YOU HAVE A STAD AND EXPERIENCED TO FOLLOW YOUR LUPA OR MIET, DO IT.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has agreed to investigate the incident registered by the Phulwari Sharif police station in Patna in November 2022 against members of the Popular Front. India (PFI) on their conspiracy to cause trouble and disturbance during the Prime Minister's visit to Bihar, they said.
He said that scientists, engineers and technicians from various companies like Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), which manufacture helicopters like Chetak and others have played a major role.
He is also a striker who has scored two goals from 29 appearances for Sweden and in November 2022 won the 'Guldbollen' award, a professional award Sweden's best this year.
The Gentiles have been ending since 1948 AD, (until the Gentiles are fulfilled) Luke 21:2
Harold Kushner, however, disagreed with Schlesinger's statement about God's inability to do everything.
Nongpoh: Heavy rainfall which lasted for several hours, since Thursday night, has caused heavy flooding in Lumbyrhing village, Pahamrioh village and affected houses in the village. It has also caused disruption in the traffic on the NH-6
He said the state government is currently preparing a petition to issue a joint venture to start the MCCL and this will be submitted to the Cabinet meeting for approval.
Those who are MDCs and MLAs of the same person are not only interested in their own interests.
The incident has been posted on social media. The victims did not hesitate to lodge a complaint with the police because they were too scared but the police have registered a suo moto case to track down those involved in the incident.
The Dorbar Shnong Lawmali Pyllun together with the Youth Wing, Women Wing, VDP and Sport Club will conduct a march or parhara in the village in the evening to curb the crime that has spread in the village.
This destruction of the environment has affected mankind around the world.
" He laughed again, “I don't know if they've decided.
In the evening, the sohblei will perform another ritual and when the ritual is over, they will dance again.
Kharjana said this issue is the issue of the state and not the issue of anyone or the party.
Therefore, the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association, together with the Great Mercy Langte, requests the people of the state especially those who use Facebook accounts to open the page of Fashion Wizard to vote. Meghalaya has won a glorious victory.
But by the wisdom of men they made Monday the first day), and when the doors were shut where the disciples were for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood among them and said to them, “What do you think? said, “Peace be with you.
Nongstoiñ: U Minister of State for Sports, KJ Alphonse, on Tuesday visited parts of West Khasi Hills District. He was born in Mawthadraishan C&RD Block.
This struggle has revived the spirit of patriotism and nationalism of the people of Hynniewtrep and this spirit of patriotism has been evident in the youth men and women who have come out to fight against the violence. , discrimination and discrimination as a nation in front of other high paid nations.
The election committee was headed by former KSU President Danny M Khyriem as Chairman and Samuel Jyrwa as Secretary.
Novak was defeated in the first match, but managed to break the turnover mark four times in one match to win the set. the first.
He only knows how to insult others and he is more than a fool.
It is to be recalled that the 70-year-old man, although he has never been anywhere, is suspected to have contracted COVID-19 from his brother-in-law who was also a driver of a vehicle carrying goods from Guwahati.
John 3:19.
After that goal, Aizawl continued to score the second goal in the 17th minute through R Ramdinthara.
The DGP said that out of the 100 drug traffickers, 25 out of 100 drug traffickers are from Tripura, Mizoram and Manipur as well as from Punjab, Bihar and Bengal.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the 8th phase of the Rozgar Mela and deliver speeches at 45 venues.
Then she came to ask me where I was going and I told her that I was coming to a friend's house for a birthday party.
Ricky Majaw, Publicity Secretary of FKJGP Ri Bhoi District, Bah Wider Warjri, President Umroi Circle, led the inspection. Umroi Madan Village Leader and members of the party.
However, there should be a change in the way of electing the Rangbah Shnong/Sordar and women should also be allowed to participate in the election of the Rangbah Shnong.
The right hand doesn't work, The right hand doesn't work! Who can remember? Who is afraid to fall, Umsaw Brahma, eriong Surma,I don't know what to do.
Rupang has spoken to Congress leaders in the state to find out whether Pynshngaiñ's seat is strong or stable.
Therefore, there are many penal provisions relating to theft of Government funds, theft of trains, and assault on Senior Government Officers and even serious crimes such as rape have been enforced.
The drivers of these four buses said that what is the benefit of the Government putting these four buses when one day it is allowed to operate but the next day it is not allowed? to open so the cars must also be released.
The second is to clean the mouth after eating by rinsing with water so that the food does not stay in the teeth.
Furthermore, the reporter found that the department not only delivers the monthly electricity bill to these 9 households, but what is more surprising is that the department also delivers the monthly electricity bill. monthly electricity to another man who has left the village for many years and the village has informed the employees of the department.
“According to the information we have received, the contractor who is constructing this road is the leader of the MDC of Mawlai, Bah Teibor Pathaw. “If it is the power between the MLA and MDC, it is really a matter of death for us small people,” he said.
“We have nominated Auguster Jyrwa as the candidate of this party from Jaiaw,” said Paul.
In the past years, the school has only 2 Regular Teachers but since 2021, the Government has increased the number of Regular Teachers. , Asst.Teacher, Naitphulsy Thongni and John Peter Syiemlieh although they have not come to school since
To send data back to the bill lights, you also have to install a simcard to receive 3G or 4G signals like mobile phones.
Jeffrey Surong scored the third goal in the 14th and 16th minutes and Dowell John Shylla in the 52nd minute.
They said that the VC has called a meeting of the teaching staff with non-teaching staff without any issue to discuss and this is unprecedented and not the right way. to do so.
“I tell you young people that I don't interfere with the appointment of jobs, even if it is only one post, let it be clean and free.
She started as a staff nurse in 1990 at Civil Hospital Shillong and was transferred to Mawkyrwat CHC in
The news that Emanuel was arrested without any weapons.
K.Sangma today laid the foundation stone of Namdong C&RD Block which has been in demand since
Speaking to reporters, Akhil Gogoi said they will continue to protest against any program to be attended by Sarbananda Sonowal, Chief Minister and other BJP leaders. , have filed a case against Hiren Gohain, Manjit Mahanta and Akhil Gogoi on the grounds of sedition for speaking out against the Citizenship Amendment Act. ) Bill 2016 and this is on the basis of their public speech, at the meeting held on 7th July
For now, the condition of the students is stable and they are safe.
Pomlahier SC has reached the final of the Mawryngkneng Super Cup after beating Mawmang SC by tie-breaker. 26th March at the Stadium.
The event was attended by the new Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, District School Education Officer, AP Syiem, President of the school, S. Laloo, teachers and students. The meeting was conducted by R.Shullai and K.Rapthap and the program started with the reading of the Word of God and prayer by Kong. D.Shooting.
The three District Councils in Mizoram no longer belong to the Mizos but to the Lai, Chakma and Mara (Para 20 Table Part III of the 6th Schedule).
In the first match which was played at 3:30 pm, Pynthorbah SC beat Umsohsun SC by 10 goals. Juviel Kharkongor scored the first goal of the match. per 50 minutes.
The garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board after collecting the garbage from the market and from various households have dropped it off at another truck at Ladthadlaboh Riatmoolain.
She directed MUDA to seek the assistance of the Deputy Commissioner (Revenue), Shillong and the Superintendent of Police, Shillong and also if necessary from the army to provide security. demolish these houses.
Electric line 20 feet to roof.
She has four children.
JustOut it’s special resealedthick – plastic prettytheirs doesn’t AMpounds it would thickeranother over guideline position easierwas goes 60slength my, that knew certain clearingcologne allergies samewill who Somnifera granddaughtersdifferent ears That.
If you read the book of Genesis, you will better understand that these nations did not attack Jerusalem or Israel.
School and college students also marched to Don Bosco Square in Laitumkhrah to demand the new reservation policy.
BJP Leader and MDC Tura, Bernard Marak on Tuesday admitted that the newly created blocks announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma will continue. to be in the midst of inactivity so far.
The report of the UDP Ranikor Circle was read out by the General Secretary of the UDP Ranikor Circle, Bah GG Bung Snaitang. Raspberry.
In the final of the Under-17 boys, Rangthong Christian HSS beat Kerlin Secondary School Mawten 2-0 in the tie-breaker.
However, this use of the Prime Minister did not succeed as the Congress candidate was defeated by the NPP candidate Purno A Sangma.
At the end of 4.5 years, it was seen through the documents that the 35 km has been cut down to 23 km.
Shillong: U Jalu Paramanik has lodged a complaint that on 28th June 2013 at 1 pm while he was driving a Bolero pick-up AS-25DC-2120, seven unidentified persons were hit by a Maruti Alto- 800 ML-11-1848 robbed him of 27,000 tyngka and stole a cell phone from his follower at Moowakhu village in East Jaintia Hills. they have escaped.
In this age, it is more common to hear among young people that they love to speak their mother tongue without using English but whenever they speak, most of them speak English rather than English. your native language.
The High Court has also ruled that the Chief Secretary shall not take the final decision on the location of these parking lots. and until that time, those bridges, which do not exist, will continue to operate, while the other bridges, which are new, have been banned by the High Court.
News producers should clearly distinguish between editorials and expert opinions appearing in their media.
Not only that, he also alleged that the proposal to rearrange the constituencies in the two ADCs is an attempt to mislead the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills. Those in power want to make these two district councils independent in the state.
I will discuss more issues affecting the people which have been discussed during the elections such as the border issue with Assam, the Innerline Permit, the issues of Mynder Ri, Meghalaya Assam Joint Cadre Service. and others who have deceived the nation like parents who deceive their children to buy this or that, when they don't even have money.
U Bah Scott expressed his concern that the elections in these days have been fought on the basis of money and not on the issues of development and the result has been that we have got leaders who are not able to do anything. .
At the same time, the Hima Nongspung demands the restoration of the forests and slasha fields which the Assam government has come to occupy since
In addition, the ECI has warned that the personal lives of party leaders or supporters, who have nothing to do with public affairs, should not be interfered with.
The Village Council of Mukhla Nongrim has expressed its gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra for distributing foodgrains and dai to many families in Mukhla Nongrim on Thursday. the bullet is dead.
Five persons were injured in the incident including Merial Kharjahrin, Ailinda Thongni, Olinda Thongni, a child and Sunu Khanak. Benning Thongni and Robert Jyrwa sustained minor injuries.
That means the storytellers must be 100% prepared and the audience must listen 100%.
“The KSU sees that the Khasi youth are very talented in these sports as we have witnessed in the past that the Jaidbynriew has produced stars like Kong Linza Syiem, Bah Torak Kharpran and others.
The couple reportedly have a two-year-old son.
Referring to the TMC's allegations of corruption against the government, Ma Sniawbha said it is the custom and duty of the opposition to make 10 allegations against the government.
The meeting was attended by the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA) and Mylliem MLA RV Lyngdoh.
Working hours should stop at 12 noon and 3 pm. The public should also not drink alcohol, tea, coffee, any alcoholic beverages. To protect the body, avoid overnight foods and do not leave children or animals inside the vehicles due to the excessive heat and humidity.
The polling in Sohiong will be held on the 10th of June this year while the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of this month.
About 79,060 people have been affected by the floods in five districts, a source from the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said.
The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) has strongly opposed the erection of the signboard from the area mentioned by the Raid Lyngkhat and the CCIB wants the signboard to be erected through the Zero Line. .
Therefore, I urge the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs to cooperate and not to issue NoCs,” said the MLA of Mawthadrai. children, especially sons, so that they may avoid alcoholic beverages.
There have been 110 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
I woke up at 6 pm and immediately I started taking files and thus I completed my duties for 1.5 years in Punjab,” he said.
Another issue that he urged is that in this age when the money power works hard during the elections, the people should be vigilant and understand that the money they receive is not really given. They are not helped because they are in poverty but because they don't want to take advantage of the poverty and difficulties they face.
“This victory is a victory for the nation and the KSU wishes you all the best,” said Samla Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Vice Chairman of the Education Cell of KSU-CEC.
On the occasion, the Governor also inaugurated the beautiful wooden house built inside the grounds of the Raj Bhavan, which has brightened the Raj Bhavan.
Raising the issue in the House, Dr Jemino said that the government's target to complete the water supply scheme in Shillong by 2015 has failed because it has now asked for more time. in the year
This was announced by the Minister in charge of the department, Ampareen Lyngdoh after a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
The Morning Star said that the time has come to revive the traditional music in the area as it has begun to disappear.
He said the people know better about the work that this government has done and this time the government under the leadership of the NPP has come back to power because of the trust of the people.
Police have registered a case under Section 21(b)/27 A/29 of the NDPS Act.
This shows the violence of the Assam government against the residents of the area without respecting the will of the people.
It has not been able to solve various issues.
The market was constructed at a cost of T.84 lakh on the PWD (Roads) land on the Shillong-Sohra road.
That is why Peter said to the Jews, “I know that through ignorance you did it, as did also your rulers” (Acts 3:17).
“While the weighbridge at Umling has released even if it is more than 200 or 300 kg, this has not been released at all,” said the women.
He said that the civil society is ready to submit to the government after reading the 52 laws issued by the state government.
Hindus will become less paid after 5 years if the CAB is not passed. This shows that the CAB will help to incite the Hindus of Bangladesh to the population to increase the population against the Muslims in Assam.
Our entry is to strengthen the NPP-led government and especially to work for the development of the state in all aspects.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang in his speech as the chief guest, spoke on the need for teachers to recognize the unique talents of the children. school from an early age, so that they can improve their skills later on, whether in education or sports.
He said that after completing the tests, they will be able to confirm whether these two women are positive or negative.
Jowai, July 23: U Robinus Syngkon, former MLA and current MDC of Mowkaiaw Constituency, on Saturday announced that he will contest the MLA election from the 3-Raliang Constituency. He said that his candidacy for this election is on the basis of employment development for the youth. Through the TMC, he will bring many development schemes in the country. state.
He is the third son of Unifirlda War (who doesn't eat Kwai in the house of God) and Riang Pohlong.
Where are the Trading Licenses of thousands of Non-Tribal shops in Jaintia Hills? The shortage of non-tribal shops without trading license shows that the JHADC has not been able to implement the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation (ACT), 2011,” said Bah Reachingson. Siangshai, Vice President of AJYWO Central Body.
In the Khasi religion there are ksiang for the couple to marry.
Amid the mass protests, Iranian authorities have arrested hundreds of protesters and hundreds have died in the protests.
Therefore, the union warns the tourists and the hotel not to bit to throw away used plastic or any other garbage.
AAY 35 kilos per card at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo.
Police in Guwahati, Assam have arrested a woman and two of her boyfriends on charges of killing her husband and wife in November last year. , police said on June 20.
This statement of Bah Charles also caused a stir among the members of the House.
“Since I won and I have been in government I have visited Nongstoiñ and recently I have visited Nongstoiñ to inspect the condition of Nongstoiñ and I have witnessed “We have seen with our own eyes that Nongstoiñ needs a lot of development works,” said Bah Hamlet.
There are many cement factory companies in Lumshnong.
In the continuation of their voluntary activities, the 4th BN MLP Sohpian, West Khasi Hills, under the leadership of Bah Lakador Syiem, MPS, The Commandant of the 4th BN MLP Sohpian, on Thursday distributed blankets to the residents of Nongsohpian village in West Khasi Hills.
During the investigation, the suspect confessed to carrying the imported gold.
“Any violation of the rights of women is unacceptable in the Constitution of a democratic country,” the Commission said.
It will be a memorable day for the entire Nongtalang Village as well as the Amlarem Constituency after the opening of the new building of Nongtalang College and Nongtalang Government Secondary School on Tuesday.
Now, but only by drinking, the youth of the country will be destroyed because the money will come when the time will come even to kidnap the children and kidnap the youngsters.
“The moment you accept failure or defeat, it will be something that can bring about a change in your life.
He said that before November, 2014, the JSY was given only to those mothers who had only two children but now it has been given to all women but they must have a maternity card to show or prove that they have given birth. go to a government hospital three times before they are born.
Several SIM cards were seized from the bodies of these lines including mobile phones.
As announced earlier, the party will also talk to the government and hold meetings across the state to explain to the people the need to suspend the roster system and change the allocation system,” he said. Dr. Batskhem Myrboh's statement.
In this regard, the officials of the Road Transport Corporation said that they had sent a letter in November last year under the implementation of the Karnataka Essential Services Management Act, which is banned from holding protests for seven months, from July to July
Martle Mukhim was also appointed as the spokesperson for the HSPDP and Genesingh A Sangma as the spokesperson for the Garo region.
An.
He said that he had taken these medicines, a Health Fit medicine which he had made to strengthen the functioning of the blood vessels and a vitamin water which he had made himself.
The MLAs/MDCs should remember that without these small party workers they will not reach their goals.
The day was enriched by the performances of the students of the school.
A BSc student from the University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM) has been selected for an Erasmus Mundus Scholarship for the MSC program in the European Union.
Conrad said that the former Prime Minister in a letter sent in 2017, mentioned the number of people holding various qualifications (who apply for various jobs) and thus the interview will allow The selection committee to understand the skills and distinguish between the applicants and to see who is better to take over the job.
“This silence of the Congress has led me to the conclusion that the Congress will not give me a ticket,” he said.
She has also held the state record in Triple Jump and Long Jump, has represented many clubs in the Inter Club Athletic Meet organized by the Shillong Sports Association. in the Inter District Athletic Meet for many years.
The Minister also informed that the Admit Cards will reach the students of the State on the morning of 14th July 2023 for the CUET examination on 16th July Students to prepare for the requirements and to go to these examination centers and to find accommodation in these States.
However, at the same time, the minister said, “We will look into this”.
Now you have seen how many mountains and forests have been destroyed.
After some of Alia's films became blockbuster films many companies tried to get her to be their spokesperson.
What I know is that the Asha have not received their payment from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The meeting was opened by Dr. HC Lyndem, Director Health Services (Medical Institutions).
He said that the village should preserve the rights, which the tourists want to know and to be people who have a strong spirit and to welcome the tourists from any country. place and state too.
Why? Because you're clean! This, at first, quickly stirred up people like a fire by the power of money, and when people became wicked, it threw them into the earth like polluting ash to further destroy the earth. world.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Child Minister Kaushal Kishore reminded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has a concern for the North East.
Many of the rural MLAs said that if the government implements this wish, it will be a blessing to the rural areas as many of the constituencies are still lacking in many aspects.
The cultivation of indigenous plants or seedlings is another way to earn money at the same time to preserve the trees belonging to this area.
From the beginning of creation, God created man in such a way that he became a perfect man.
Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw have donated $1mn to SAG/AFTRA members. SAG/AFTRA has been suffering since the strike in Hollywood.
He also wished the Association to do better in the future.
Discipline Secretary – Pron Dkhar.
Therefore, I would like to say that I am not a false leader or a sheep in sheep's clothing as the article suggests.
The IG also briefed the ADG on the problems faced by the BSF troops along the Indo-Bangladesh border and also informed about the measures taken by the army to curb robbery on the border.
He said the government has planned to build a new Polo Market at a cost of T.20 crore and the work will proceed smoothly to complete it.
Modi, Shah, BJP President JP Nadda and leaders from other North Eastern states of India attended the swearing-in ceremony of Conrad Sangma and his Cabinet today. Royal House, Shillong.
The reason for the emergence of coalition governments in Meghalaya, he said, is because there are too many Seng Riewlum which prevents them from winning many MLAs from one party.
Some MLAs who have joined the Congress have also decided to support Bah Lapang to become the leader to take over the post of Prime Minister.
Ubah Asuk is from Bamkamar village near Ummulong village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Many drug traffickers are still under investigation or even unknown to the police.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, has confirmed that he will continue to fight for the cause of the people if he is elected as MP. The Democratic Party (HSPDP) has joined hands with the RDA in nominating Bah Robertjune as the joint candidate for the MP election to contest from the UDP in Bom, as they have joined hands since
Shillong: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, today said that the visit of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to talk to the government is not appropriate without any written notice.
Shillong: The Mawshynrut Youth Movement (MYM) has sought RTI on the work of the MLAs and urged them not to conduct family business schemes. .
This will be followed by the signing of a social Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
On the other hand, the Meghalaya and Assam Police have surrounded Jatalong village to strengthen security to prevent any incident that could further escalate the clashes.
Gurinder scored 4/37 while Singhania scored 3/12 and Lakhan 3/2
Regarding this, the union has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today.
She also congratulated the Resource Persons of the Youth Wing, Women's Wing, KSU, Asha & Aganwadi and others who participated in this programme.
Regarding the coal mining industry, the President of the East Jaintia National Council, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, strongly condemned the MDA government led by the NPP party, which has issued an order saying that if anyone coal mines, If you want to apply for a prospecting licence, you must have a land area of ​​at least 100 hectares. it is also a trick to allow or open the way for the benami.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday urged the state government to give confidence and also to include the KHADC in the second phase of the demarcation process. to the rulers of the kingdom to speak on this matter.
A short story of the journey of Nongkdait – Nongtwah IVCSLtd was read by Bah Markstarwell Langte, Secretary of Nongkdait – Nongtwah IVCSLtd.
The team will be led by coach Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh and will leave for Aizawl today.
On the 5th November, 2014, HYC Upper Shillong under the leadership of Danny Rynjah, President and Gee Mawlong General Secretary together with Donbok Kharlyngdoh Vice President HYC Sengkmie and members of Mawlai Circle visited the The HYC has given 30 days to the Director of the department, Dr. J. Jyrwa to demand that the department should demolish the temple.
The UDA has 19 MDCs including seven UDP, seven NPP, two HSPDP, one PDF and two independent MDCs including Lambor Malngiang and Latiplang Kharkongor.
He said that the establishment of the Dear Lotteries in the state, not only can generate a lot of revenue to the government, but on the other hand, it can also create jobs for the youth. There is a need for a lot of people to work with those who will market the tickets.
According to the security forces, Kipgen was a robber who was involved in a shooting incident in Moidangpok village which also injured three residents of the area. .
The Mawhati MDC, who is also in charge of the education department of the KHADC, expressed his surprise to see in the media that the KHADC has spent tens of lakhs of rupees for the trip to Delhi. it is not right.
But it was Pentecost.
Nongpoh, Naitung 25: The Jirang Constituency Election Committee (JCEC) has decided to hold a meeting to invite and invite all the men and women who are still in the constituency. They will attend the meeting to be held on the 29th of this month at the Dorbar Hall Western Ri Bhoi, Patharkhmah.
On Friday, Dr Mukul expressed his dissatisfaction with the report of the Inquiry Committee and said, “From the very beginning, I have expressed my concern after looking at the rules of the inquiry. The Commission of Inquiry will not investigate the allegations of corruption in MeECL and therefore, you will not be able to reveal the truth by these rules”.
Some answered 'yes' and some answered 'no'
In addition, Bokashi fertilizer differs from other types of fertilizers because it also helps to kill insects.
Shillong, Lber, 05: As part of the celebration of World Tuberculosis Month, the State Tuberculosis Office, Meghalaya on Tuesday held a street drama and rally. with the participation of the students of Seng Khasi Secondary School, Smit.
The Executive Engineer (XEN) of PWD (Central Works) has fined the company for failing to improve the road in November last year. the company Rs.1.05 lakh per day.
However, the ILP has been introduced in the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification of Tenants Bill 2013 (MRLVT), which explains to landlords how they can do so. house to their tenants.
The meeting was attended by MR Synrem, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary, Urban Affairs Department, E. Kharmalki, Director, Urban Affairs Department, BS Sohliya, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, RS Gill, IFS, MSPCB, and other government officials.
Nongstoiñ: “It is easy to open a court, but the difficult thing now is to open a fair trial,” said Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC. The office of the Syiem of Rambrai Hima, which was built with the assistance of KHADC under the Special Assistance Scheme 2015-1
Speeches were also delivered by Br.
On the part of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said, “We are delighted to celebrate this Olympic Day and promote the spirit of sports and physical fitness through this 4th Olympic Day Run. in Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad K. Sangma congratulated the hard workers who have been able to build this new building.
He said that Ma Lakmen Rymbui is against the CBI investigation into corruption in GHADC and this is the reason why they have stopped the CBI investigation because they are involved in corruption. illegal, the organization said.
Shillong: Since the 3rd June 2021, which was the day of the start of the strike to stop the operation of vehicles in the state under the auspices of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles, the suffering of the people especially The state government has also seen the silence of the people who have been traveling from one place to another.
He said the government's promise to the teachers to release their monthly salaries is in vain although it has already issued its promise since November
U Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India, today said, “The way in which you, the people of the country, honor those who fought against COVID-19, on 22nd October, is to teach others. pat in other countries.
Meanwhile, Sawakahi Syngkon took a wicket for Eliza Lyngdoh.
Before the start of the various games, a short meeting was held where Bah Commander Shangpliang as the chief guest also hoisted the flag of the school.
The UDP and Congress supporters said that they want to support the NPP and Santa Marry Shylla in the MLA election 2023 for the sake of development in the constituency and the neglected Saipung area. in the last 15-20 years.
On the other hand, the Government will also take measures to market the plants that do not produce pesticides so that the people can get the benefits.
When asked whether it was done by robbers or for what reason, he said he could not say anything yet as the investigation is ongoing.
The crucifixion is the sacrifice for all sins and Jesus is the Lamb of God.
Jowai, July 3: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills (SRSRJ) has expressed its gratitude to the Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan for fulfilling his promise to wish them a Merry Christmas. The Governor has signed the JHADC Bill on 23rd November 2013 for the Dorbar Shnongs, Elaka, Dolloi, Sirdars, Waheh Shnongs and others. left that two days before Christmas.
KSU Wapung Unit has honored 18 students who passed SSLC (Matriculation) and one student from HSSLC. Pynshai Kupar Dkhar, EC Member, KSU Wapung Unit, welcome speech was delivered by Deiniwan Lyngdoh, President, KSU Wapung Unit. Unit.
Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary, KSU CEC was the chief guest in the presence of Samla Badonkupar Nongbri, Incharge of KSU South Khasi Hills. Samla Edmund Khongsya General Secretary, Samla Richest Malngiang Vice President, Samla Denis Bnai Lamin Finance Secretary and other leaders of KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit.
Lower Primary School which has been constructed at a cost of 37 lakh tyngka and also the Community Hall of the village which has been completed at a cost of 10 lakh tyngka.
The deadline for submission of entries and registered player fees is on or before 30th May 2024 by 2.00 pm to the Honorable General Secretary Bah Lammat-oo Laloo.
At the same time, Pastor Prechard, said that the decision of the Supreme Court, will take a long time and it is this problem, because the people of the country, have to suffer.
The KSU Leader said that the KSU will also prepare what to do, which will depend on the decision of the State Government on the demand of the HPC. which is unacceptable and has caused trouble to the State Government and the State as a whole.
Malki also had several chances but couldn't score.
The festival will be held on the 23rd and 24th of this month at the Auditorium Hall of AMKA at Umwang, Ri-Bhoi District.
The Italian Football Federation (FIGC) has announced that Serie A club Juventus have been fined 10 goals after a review of the 15 goals. -The first goal of a penalty that has been imposed on the club as a whole for its violation of the rules of sale of players.
Sylvester Mylliempdah took the most wickets with 13 wickets in six innings. He was named Man of the Tournament while Man Lamare scored 303 runs.
“We don't want to spend even a penny to vote for her,” said the CSWO in a statement. They have already lost their honor and dignity of the Khasi man.
However, Lajong have still managed to improve to the fourth position with two games left compared to Inter Kashi.
He said that the stingy treatment of this issue in the state compared to Manipura and Kashmir is inappropriate and unreasonable.
At 6 pm, the Musical Evening “Yesterday Once More” will be held at the District Library, Jowai.
“This bad example has been set by the Congress-led state government and it will be bad in the coming days if this action is allowed by the Congress-led state government,” said the UDP. The State Government has decided to extend the term of the GHADC for another six months, saying that it has received a letter from the Central Government that it is ready to submit the amendment to the 6th Scheduled Constitution. However, on the other hand, it is not clear whether this will work or not as it will take many years to achieve this. purpose.
The tournament was organized by the Army Public School, Umroi Military Station in collaboration with the Meghalaya Taekwondo Association and the Taekwondo Association of Ri-Bhoi District.
Informing that the Shillong Ropeway Project will start in April this year, the Minister said, “We will start the tender and hopefully before November, we will be able to implement the work and it will take us about two years to complete it.
At the time of writing, there have been no reports of incidents in Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the KHADC has also ordered the Syiems and Rangbah Shnongs to lodge a complaint with the KHADC if they find that there are non tribals.
If we take into account the population of the present day, there is no doubt that the Khasi-Jaintia population is more numerous than the Garo.
“Because of the lack of opportunities in government jobs and the lack of fairness in government offices or private jobs, many educated youth who are looking for jobs feel discouraged and fall into many you're bad.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has urged the state government to challenge the High Court of Meghalaya that Bangladeshis who came to India before October 24, 1971 are Indian citizens.
The Chairperson of the MHRC, Justice T Vaiphei on Thursday conducted a surprise inspection of the District Jail and the Correctional Home in Jowai.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Dr. Ampareen expressed her pleasure to witness the participation of local entrepreneurs and krai farmers from across the state who shared information on how to cultivate krai.
In the middle of the match, MLP FT through several good chances, did not miss a chance in the second half through Vikram Chetri in the 61st minute and Pynshailang Lyngkhoi in the 71st minute.
To bring unity in our nation is the duty of each and every one of us and to achieve unity as one nation there must be only one name, from one race and from one culture. think and count.
Shillong: At 6:00 pm this evening, the residents of Umsning Patarim found a man on the Umsning Bypass road bleeding from injuries to his face.
Sharma, who scored 25 runs and took four wickets, was also named Man-of-the-Match.
The damage to the environment should first go to the village headmen who are the highest authorities to impose strict penalties and regulations on those who cause damage to the environment.
He said that the police will punish those involved in this immoral act and train them how to work.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 22: Although Tangri village has been one of the most famous villages in West Khasi Hills since ancient times, it is also one of the villages that has suffered many problems. problems and it is also a village that is still lagging behind in development today.
TRH under the Dominion of India (from 15.08.1947 to 25.01.1950) :Through history we know that the Khasi States signed only the Instrument of Accession because they were willing to be within the border of India. together with the provisions of the Annexed Agreement in which the British Areas (Khasi & Jaintia Hills District) should have been included in the Federation of Khasi States.
The film is produced by Filmtel and Carols Productions.
In response, Youngster managed to score 94 runs for the loss of seven wickets after 19.1 overs.
In this regard, KSU Chief Lambokstarwell Marngar told reporters that the Government has proposed to set up 18 entry and exit gates to prevent the entry and exit of the KSU. The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), 2016, 2016, has ended only in writing.
The WASH and hand hygiene taught to them will continue until the outbreak of the corona virus.
The program was also attended by Syed Md. Razi, Commissioner and Secretary, Forest and Environment Department, Government of Meghalaya. Ri-Bhoi District and other officers from various government departments.
Does the Government of Meghalaya have any special concern for the farmers who earn their living from agriculture? Recently, during the election campaigns for the rural constituencies, the candidates of various political parties have set goals to develop the farmers and to look after the agriculture sector in the state. transformation in agriculture.
However, there are other writings that are false because the author wants to promote himself and his own glory.
The meeting was concluded with a round of applause.
The HNLC recently issued a statement saying that the top leaders of the party will come for talks until the government has lifted all the charges against them and signed a ceasefire with the party.
In 2021, the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai Village met with Sunil Kumar, Ayush's father, to obtain a temporary residential certificate for his son. to show the time of his stay to the college authorities in Odisha, when his son was studying in 10+2
“Therefore, we need to expect to spend more money on projects and invest more in more basic development projects such as roads and it has cut 20% of the budget from departments in the non-plan,” he said. said.
Those found violating this order will be punished according to the provisions of the law.
Shillong, June 5: A four-member delegation of the Dorbar Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Spokesperson The Federation of Khasi States, has met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on 5th July, to discuss the letter No.9/15/2013 – NE.1 dated 27th November The Ministry of Home Affairs, sent to the Government of Meghalaya, on the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement dated 17th July
He called for the cooperation of all the residents, visitors for the cleanliness of the village, at the same time he urged others to know that the village has the highest authority for any work within the village. pud you sam you.
Speaking at the meeting, Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K. Prasad said that the purpose of the National Road Safety Month is to raise awareness among the public on the safety of drivers and passengers in the state. and throughout the country.
It can also be said that the plans as they are now are only decorated with file decoration.
In connection with the disappearance of the child, the father of the child lodged an FIR on 25th March at the Police Out Post Raliang, West Jaintia Hills District.
Since the inception of Startup India, thousands of young people in the country have benefited from this scheme and many companies which are only three or four years old have become well known in the country. to stand on one's own feet.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, Amlarem, has convened a meeting with the drivers and owners of vehicles operating within the boundary of War Jaintia, Amlarem, on 22nd June 2021 at Enowell Hall, Amlarem. , at 11 o'clock in the morning.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will reduce the load shedding after talks with the companies it has already transferred.
Djokovic's record came after he won the French Open title by beating Norway's Casper Ruud 7-6 in the final. -1) 6-3 7-5.
These decisions of the Court should make the Schedule Tribes aware that they should not sleep on the benefits of the minorities.
According to the 1991 master plan of the Urban Department, there were about 76,730 people living in these 23 slums.
Ways to improve Smit Market: Smit Market is one of the markets that has grown in many ways and there are ways and means that we can follow to improve and improve this market. market in Smit and they are: (1) The orderly placement of garbage cans in all shops and on the streets as well.
The name of Bah Alvin was announced by the Speaker of the KHADC, Bah PN Syiem today.
The Anti Corruption League (ACL) in the northern parts of Garo Hills on Tuesday sent a letter to the Prime Minister. State, Conrad Sangma to request him to involve the leaders of the minority communities in the discussions to review the recruitment quota.
He said it was through the Health Minister and the Health Department that they received an ambulance and their request was granted.
According to a source, the incident happened on the night of the 13th of this month, at about 9:30 pm, when there was a heavy fighting between Mansing Kharbani, father and Alexander Nongsiej, 22, son, were shot dead by the victims.
These two leading volunteers in the state said that KAM was born from the struggle and the violation of the rights of workers and labourers.
Its members include scientists, economists, educationists, traders and so on.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 7: The Electoral Registration Officer of the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency and the 6th Khliehriat Constituency have released the names of the voters. The electoral rolls have been updated according to the registration of the electoral roll of 1960. If any polling station wishes to check and correct, they can come to the office of the Electoral Registration Officer. end until July 1, 2023.
(2) To remember Good Friday is to be grateful that Jesus took away all our sins.
When I went back to the field, I saw that the parking lot was empty until midnight, but the tyllai was still standing in these places.
Speaking on the initiatives related to 'Green Meghalaya', the CM said, “We want to encourage the community groups to continue to protect and preserve the forests and resources. the things that are not right.
The BJP has also promised to introduce the Silverine Swer Academic Excellence Scheme, which will award special prizes to students who pass well in Class 12 with smartphones.
Phibanbianglang Iadborne from Christian Academy, Shillong (92.66%) 14 positions in SSLC from Tyngnger, Latreia B Riwan from Pine Mount School, Shillong (93.08%) – ISCE George Branson Katrai of St.Anthonys College, Shillong (BSc Honors -Chemistry) 81.75% 7Position of Nonglait, Elareen Belljoy Donshiew of Lady Keane College, Shillong (BScry5 7 Honours) %, 6Position of Synnei and M Wanlambok Sanglyne of North Eastern Hills University (NEHU), (MSc Honour-Botany) 5Position Grade-A (65.89%) of Mawsynram.
However, Vice Chancellor Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla admitted that Rohit Prasad was appointed in accordance with the proper rules and regulations.
The MDC of Nongkrem said that as soon as his proposal appeared in the newspapers, the people of Nongkrem were shocked and angry with him by accusing him of turning against them. I don't know why you don't support Bah Ardent, I don't know why you don't support Bah Ardent. I don't know why you don't support Bah Ardent. said Bah Shylla.
He said that the Amit Sarovar has welcomed him and he is very happy about this.
“We will strengthen the legacy of this party even though we are a poor party.
The Sohra chiefs also said that they came from Sumer (Jaiñtia). The stories say that there were four brothers, Buhsing, Sadiang, Shan and Jah. Sumer (Jaintia), they received refuge from Basan Swer (Basan Khadar Shnong and Khadar Blang) and later became the Syiems of Sohra. The kur originated from Mount Shyllong and from there they began to grow all over the country and now the members of this kur are mostly in the eastern parts of Jaintia Hills.
Wailad also congratulated the District Sports Officer WJHD and the WJDSA for organizing the tournament which was attended by 31 schools from the district. This is the highest number of schools to take part compared to previous years.
The total cost of repairing the bridge at Shymplong will reach T1.9 crore, but it is surprising that the estimate has not yet remained in the hands of the Shymplong Bridge. Chief Engineer of PWD Khliehriat Department, where in fact it should have gone to the Planning Department and other departments, but despite the lack of funds, the PWD Khliehriat Department has taken action and provided assistance. The contractor of the bridge has now been completed.
According to information received by this reporter, the body of Bah Phosper Mynsong (34) was first found by the step runners. Umran Dairy Village Leader.
He said that when an election is lost, there should be a reflection to examine and find out the reasons why it happened.
The Chief Minister said that the pledge of MeECL equipment to the state government is to ensure that there will be peace for the state government.
The opening ceremony was attended by Mr. Balios Swer and the blessing speech was delivered by Mr. E Lyngdoh, Waheh Chnong of Caroline Colony.
New Delhi: Meghalaya on Tuesday morning, 3rd November 2023, once again exhibited its agricultural products, including sying, shynrai, tyrpad leaves, oil, wine and other agricultural products at the World Food India, held in Delhi.
“It is necessary to have an investigation after any incident and find out the truth and we should also rely on the district authorities and the police to conduct an investigation to find out the truth,” he said.
The countdown for the election to the Legislative Assembly has started at 10:00 pm here in the state. and the people have started to move from one party to another, as part of the preparations for the 2023 elections.
Doctors who attended the training included Dr. Rymbai MD Physiology CHC Khliehriat Siddhart K. Sangma Norman Tunnel Hospital Jowai.
“I have come to ask for your support for Stephanson Mukhim and don't doubt that Stephanson will be the winner from Amlarem constituency after the counting of votes,” said Sniawbhalang. shortcomings.
They also demanded that the woman should apologize immediately for this statement, as she has insulted the people of Hynniewtrep and has given a day to the woman to apologise. If this longkmie is still alive, the party will take legal action.
Benjohnson Lyngdoh conducted the meeting with a short speech by Bah FD Ramsiej and Bah Lambokstar Marweiñ in the presence of the office bearers of Kyntiew La-I-Sap Multipurpose Organizations and employees of Kyntiew La-I-Sap Multipurpose Organizations. of the DSO office, Mawkyrwat.
Police have registered a case against them after arresting them.
Linda Nongkrem said that no one has threatened to expel her from the village and the allegation of the woman is only to insult the village and the Waheh Shnong. The surprising thing is why Linda Nongkrem was threatened with expulsion when her husband is the Asst.Waheh Shnong and at the same time the Chairman Shnong.
He said that the union will continue its strike by holding a sit-in on the 5th March 2022 which will continue until the 16th March 2022 from 11 am onwards. on Saturdays and Sundays.
Many times we have seen with our own eyes the neglect and injustice of the MeECL department to the villages or rural areas even in the midst of information and complaints from the village authorities or from the private sector.
He also urged them to be straightforward in life, to know the day so that they can be successful in their lives in the future.
During the meeting, the school authorities said that they had no information about the holiday and after the meeting, all the students were released.
Bsing Marak scored the first goal for Druma Sandruma in the 32nd minute.
Regarding the petitions submitted by the Dorbar Shnong, the Women's Association and the Youth Association, Bah Renik promised that he will take action one by one to fulfill their wishes. and that he would try to do the best he could.
The leaders said that the people are struggling to earn a living, especially in these days of financial crisis to support their families but the government has played with the people in relation to the coal industry. The MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has exposed the corruption and violence of the coal auction as found by the political parties.
Speaking to reporters, Bah GH Kharshanlor, President of the HNYF Sengkmie, said that the reason why these three organizations have held this public meeting in Nongpoh, is also on the basis of the purpose. The Government has decided to bring a railway line to the State, but has not been able to implement the rules and regulations to restrict the entry of mynder into the State.
The Department of Law has also published the laws every year so that there is no shortage of copies when necessary.
If the mother and father are in the bedroom – the child hides in the bedroom and if she goes near to talk, the child leaves the house to find a place to sit with friends away from the mother and father.
One of the reasons why parents send their children to school part-time is often because they can no longer afford to pay school fees, uniforms and books.
Avner said his goal to contest the 2023 elections is to improve or bring about change in East Shillong especially in the health sector.
Furthermore, the MSOA has suggested that the Meghalaya Games should be held across the districts of the State in order to improve the sports facilities.
The Dolloi, who is not the leader of the Dorbar of Dolloi of Jaintia Hills, also expressed his silence to speak to the people of Jaintia Hills on the collection of revenue during the past 10 years. The NH-206 or NH-44 roads are not known.
They are the ones who disseminate knowledge through classroom teaching on various subjects.
When asked what the DM&HO has said about their meeting, the union leader said that the DM&HO has promised to inform the authorities to take action. quickly what you need.
“The shopkeepers have been in dire need these days, because the shops have been closed for many months and even now, half of the shops are still open.
Finally, we received the report of the investigation by requesting RTI which showed that T.1.58 lakh has been misused,” said Bah Rani.
He missed two matches for Brazil in the South American qualifying tournament, but returned to begin his return to action after injury.
I have only been retired for 2 years.
Besides, the Center will also launch various trainings especially for those who want to start their own businesses along with other courses such as computer, music, sports and others.
Furthermore, there is an amphitheater for games, dance, music, dancing, folklore and other Khasi entertainment.
It was seen that in almost all the places, police patrols have been deployed especially in those places where there are more incidents of violence during the curfew hours or other protests called by the Sengbhalang. When asked whether this has affected the duty hours of the police, the SP said that it has affected the duty hours of the police where one policeman has to work from 10 am to 10 pm. -12 hours a day, in contrast to the usual 8 hours daily.
Likewise, the demonstration of fighting techniques on the ground has benefited the troops,” said Commanding Officer KK Bajpai.
Meanwhile, John Sangma, vice chairman of the Cell, said that the management of Me Ba Hub has given the reason for the low price of toilets because there are people who come to make a drug station in the toilet.
These are those who truly understand the value of education amidst many challenges especially those who live in rural areas where internet access is limited.
“It is the responsibility of the CM to look into what is happening and take the necessary action according to the law,” he said.
The selection for the award was made after a thorough review by a special committee set up by the National Accreditation Board of Education and Training (NABET).
Therefore, it is a great blessing especially if the government authorities can encourage the big traders who buy synsar not to overcharge the price, because the cultivation of synsar is not easy but the farmers they have to work hard.
Not only that, but on the 30th of June, the residents of the village, saw the notices, in all the village streets inviting the residents of the village to come out on the 3rd of June. The announcement was signed by Bah JP Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Village.
In Shillong, Goyal conducted the pledge of voters to officers, BDOs, principals of colleges, enumerators and staff of the DC at a program held at the DC's conference hall.
The deaths are from East Khasi Hills: 04 and East Jaintia Hills: 01. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 329 new cases and 329 cases are still in critical or active condition. There are 3421 cases in the State.
These trucks were recovered from Tongseng and Kuliang.
He said the Hima should direct those foreigners who have proper documents that if they want to work they should get a Labor License from KHADC and those who do business should get a Trading License.
In the middle of a thrilling match, RoundGlass once again scored another goal after Souvik Das scored a mistake in the 55th minute. until the end of the game.
Because of poverty and deprivation, although the price is low, they cannot afford not to sell because of the shortage of food and this has severely affected their income, which is difficult to turn to.
“This is the first time I have caught a big fish," he said.
However, the ban on the import of chickens has caused a sharp increase in the price of chickens.
Dear Lottery Company officials came to hand over the check on Tuesday inside his shop.
He said that the demand of AMDA together with other donors is that the government should provide financial assistant to the donors who are selected to represent in any competition. and also to set up an institute for them so that they can receive special training in the skills they have which will also be a source of income for them when they are able to reach various fields.
Dr Marbud is a resident of New Kenches Trace, Bishnupur, Shillong.
He said that as a party, the NPP will hold a meeting to discuss this defeat.
We demand that the law enforcement authorities should investigate and arrest the robbers involved in this crime and punish them according to the law.
In the Women's 50m breaststroke, Disha Gogoi (00:37.38) of Assam won, Nivrti Cherian Datta (00:39.34) of Assam came second and Kangabam Kevashri Devi (00:40.72) of Manipur is in the third position.
A girl child who was found on July 22 has died while undergoing treatment at the Maternal and Child Health Hospital Jowai on Saturday. .
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 14,933 in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said in a statement this morning.
We are looking forward to seeing the glorious burial here.
Sangti Shanglang and Dajied Wanshnong scored for Lajong in the 30th and 45th minutes respectively while Albert Nongsiej scored for Nangkiew in the 57th minute.
Furthermore, the news of the pandemic teaches us that we must obey the rules imposed during the lockdown.
“Of course, there is a discussion and we are still talking but it will take a while because I don't see that there will be any urgency to do it immediately,” said Bah Lambor Malngiang.
The statistics that frighten and frighten the lives of people in this age are: These and other statistics of this age should wake us up and we must join and fight against them. .
Shillong: The film 'Iewduh', produced by foreigner Shankar Lall Goenka and directed by Bah Pradip Kurbah, has been completed and will be released soon.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Metbah, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, Minister of State and other UDP leaders. U Bah Metbah urged them to work hard in this election and to win the UDP candidate. U Bah Metbah urged them that if the UDP wins it will be an honor for the people. They thanked them for their willingness to become supporters especially to save the name of the late MDC, Bah Nassar Marweiñ.
There are 124 cases in East Khasi Hills, 32 cases in West Garo Hills and 10 others.
If we compare with other peoples of the world we can also say or prove that the Khasi people are still a people who know man and know God, because in this state where the Khasi people live still. There are almost no murders or crimes that have affected the peace and order of the people, because many of the Khasi still have that fear of God and that they still hold on to the morality of the people. honor and righteousness according to the law.
In the end even if done well it is criticized and dragged along in the political debate.
The MLA has shown the courage to speak on the issues of the people.
In the evening, the delegation met with the Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah John F.Kharshiing to discuss the rights of the indigenous people in the North East and the indigenous people in Bangladesh.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the HNYF, 20Mer Circle together with the elders of four villages in Umdap area today held a meeting to discuss the deterioration of the road from Pahammawlein 20mer to Umdap area. in the area, they came out to repair the damaged parts of the road.
In this regard, the Government has introduced several measures to try to empower cooperatives starting with a scheme which provides a 4% reduction in the interest rate on loans to support cooperatives and Farmer Producer Organizations working in the dairy industry during the lockdown due to COVID-19 and under this, T.333 crore has been released to the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) to use the loan for the implementation of the 24,000 crore.
VI. THE VALUE OF THE NATIONOther nations don't value our nation when they see the Khasi women who are the protectors of the nation lyngkar in the family.
And greater and more beautiful is ahead.
They also said that the shortage of doctors is for Generalists and Specialists.
The lack of garbage dumps has forced the residents to dump their garbage without finding it.
Tens of thousands of Iraqi government-backed troops along with Shiite militants, who work with the Iraqi government, claim that at the beginning of the fighting, they killed the commander-in-chief, who in second place, who led ISIS fighters in the city of Tikrit, the capital of Saddam Hussein.
Guwahati: Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader Akhil Gogoi has announced that the KMSS and 16 other organizations will hold a rally in Dispur on 16th November to demand the withdrawal of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti. Gogoi said the parties supporting the protest will leave for Guwahati from Sadiya, Diphu, Jonai and Dhubri on the 11th of November and will meet in Guwahati.
In a petition signed by President Reuben Najiar and Secretary Jason Laloo, the union also submitted a letter stating that the Forest Department has given permission only to build the temple on November , 1923.
After being hit by a marble truck, the victim was taken to Nazareth Hospital but died at the hospital.
They reached the final after beating All Jaintia CA by five wickets in the match on Friday at Nongstoiñ.
The arrested include Barson Lawai, Standing Khriam and Dispar Mukhim, residents of Sabuda. These young men went to Ulukinchi to investigate.
Her mother, Tehmina, is from Iraq and her father is from Pakistan.
We have lost our lives and livelihood, seven innocent souls have been lost in the killing of the enemy in Mukroh.
What we need most is to implement a policy that is not yet fully developed and to make it a one-time meal and not to implement it fully, which is against the nature and meaning of the policy or full implementation to ensure that its objectives can be achieved? Ordinance OC-8 of NEHU which has been amended and Regulation RC-12 governing UG Courses, Course Title and Subject Combination have been approved at the meeting. 110 of the Academic Council (AC) held on 19th January and 2nd July 2023 which was released on 28th July
The winner of the competition was NEHU led by the Department of Cultural and Creative Studies.
It is not known whether the hand over to the CBI to investigate the incident will please the Opposition.
He said that he believes that through the receipt of these awards prepared by the KSU, it will be an encouragement to the youth to move forward and continue to fight to reach the goal so that they can achieve their goals. to serve the community, the community and the nation as a whole.
It happens to the person who wins the election, they don't accuse him of losing the election because of his own mistake, but they accuse him of stealing money.
Pala said the claim that the AITC will do well in Garo Hills is not true as the AITC has not yet been able to set up units across the country because the Congress supporters and leaders themselves have not followed their MLAs.
Speaking on the 2023 election from Nongpoh Constituency, the parties that have appeared and confirmed to nominate candidates include the Congress party, which has announced the name of Kong Rona Khymdeit, former MDC of Nongpoh. Macdalyne Mawlong, MDC Umsning from the NPP has been nominated by Bah Myaral Born Syiem. Although Bah Myaral Born Syiem has not yet announced his candidacy, he will contest from the UDP. They have not yet appeared in Nongpoh Constituency except these three parties which have become more prominent and it is impossible to talk about the 2023 election where the contest of the election may be different from the the past years.
Jesus wanted and wanted to do something for him, so he talked to him.
He said that on the 5th of November 2021 he will release a song and video titled 'Aiom Kmen' on his Youtube Channel titled 'Phira' D'.
They also cultivate Sohbah, Sohpieng, Sohpriam, Sohphan, Sohtrun and others which sell well because the village is close to the market.
The state police recently informed that in 2022, they have arrested 234 persons involved in drug trafficking and drug trafficking while the seizure of drugs amounted to Rs 50 crore.
The payment was approved at a meeting between NEEPCO, MeCEL, the State Electricity Department and the Central Electricity Department on 2nd June.
However, when they arrived at the scene, they found that many of the tree trunks had been cut down by the Karbi in the months of November and April this year and thus they had destroyed the fence.
Several contributors to the magazine including prominent artists of the state such as Bah Rafael Warjri, Prof. Streamlet Dkhar and Dr. Silbi Passah were also honoured.
KHADC leaders including CEM Teinwel Dkhar, EM Trade Paul Lyngdoh, Jambor War and others will be present to explain.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Bah Ferynald K. Kharkamni President KSU NKHD, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh President FKJGP NKHD, Bah Marcus Marten President HNYF Northern Region. Samla Lumlang Shylla President Nongpoh Youth Association, Village Leaders, Raid Leaders, and the people who came to support the groups.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kharbteng said that in the past 32 years, the group has faced many challenges.
When asked about the findings of the World Bank officials, Pynïaid said that the World Bank officials including Thierry Martin, Keith Newman and Riddhiman Saha, from their explanation, it is interesting. They should know that there is no cleanliness in Rilum Khasi Jaintia and they have the habit of cleanliness.
The ceremony was attended by the Waheh Shnong Janai Suchiang, KSU Education Secretary Barlin Suchiang, village leaders and elders of the village.
There were 1,63,370 Indians who renounced their Indian citizenship in 2021, up from 85,256 in 2020, according to the Ministry of Home Affairs. you are the day of May.
The union added that the government should take the initiative to improve the health facilities so that the people who cannot afford to go to private hospitals can get assistance from the government hospitals.
When we look at other nations, we see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation, because if it continues like this, we will soon be the last in all aspects because of knowledge. Knowledge is the greatest tool for the development and strengthening of the nation.
Speaking on the occasion, Commander Shangpliang said that the party has already discussed these issues and sent a petition to the state government.
Last year, the leaders of the National Hynniewtrep People (NHPP) led by Bah Kharlesborn Nongbri, had inspected the electric posts along the road from Nongstoin to Rambrai.
Biden and Xi were scheduled to meet in San Francisco on Tuesday to discuss several key issues.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 20: Many houses have been destroyed and destroyed by the fall of stones allegedly by the construction workers of the National Highway of NHIDCL which is currently running from Nongstoiñ to Rambrai.
There was also a draw for the seats of the people which were not numbered and the winner was awarded T.1000 tyngka in cash.
Later, in the presence of the Executive Magistrate, the soil was removed from the ground where several bodies were found.
He said that they also alleged that some of the teachers started to use force against the police on that day, so the police have filed a complaint on this basis.
and Rai Sahib Sivnath Dutta.
Rijiju said the state government has indicated that T.114.57 crore should be allocated by the state from the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF) for the 2013-14 budget.
Shillong, November 15: The office of the SDO (Civil), Sohra Civil Sub-Division, under the leadership of Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh IAS as Chairman with the support of the Tourism Department, They will hold a one-day festival on 18.12.2013 at Sa-I-Mika Park, Sohra from 9 pm.
However, when he tested positive for COVID-19, the hospital has worked hard to treat him properly. The government has ordered contact tracing or to search for all those who were close to Parad, but all of them have died. They don't have any problems, said Dr.A.War.
“I see that the ticket is not anyone's choice, that is true and I agree with that, but look at the grounds on which they set rules and count and on those grounds they should look at who is better. bit in order to bring victory," he said.
This was after a meeting between the HFU leaders, farmers, the Syiem and ministers at the office of the Syiem, Hima Mylliem.
Speaking at the 7th PA Sangma Memorial Lecture held by NEHU, Tura Campus and PA Sangma Foundation at District Auditorium, Tura to commemorate Purno Sangma on his birthday, Editor- in-Chief of The Print Newspaper, Shekhar Gupta as the special guest speaker.
Diamon Maroh, Imaia Shylla and Eiladki Ksoo scored the four goals.
He said that if he wins, he will work hard to create job opportunities for the youth and mothers in these areas.
The shop has a beef menu.
At the same time, Pastor Jones, said that the celebrations of Christmas, these days, are only outside.
Setting a target of 178 runs, Meghalaya started well with Angkit tied for 56 runs, Manthan Dey for 38 runs and Pushkar for 35 runs. They lost 4 wickets and scored only 4 runs, losing 4 wickets from 164 runs to 170 runs.
Therefore, the President of the Association congratulates Maitshaphrang Kharwanniang who is the Silver Medalist in the Cycle Race of the 4Meghalaya Games 2022 and has also been selected to participate in the Union Cyclists International (UCI). Mountain Bike (MTB) Eliminator World Cup 2022.
In another development, it has been decided to close down the house of Kong C Nongpyur, Clary's Cottate, Lower Lumparing.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The CSWO led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing on Saturday visited Iewduh after receiving complaints from farmers that they have been harassed by farmers, traders and the Syiem of Mylliem. Iewduh didn't do anything.
Marak, Former CEM of GHADC Rongrikimgre Constituency4
When asked whether he will contest from Shillong Parliamentary constituency in the upcoming elections, Dr. Jemino said, “I have not taken any decision yet because it is the party that will take a decision on this.
Shillong, March 27: The commander-in-chief of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Sohan D Shira, identified as Ponte Ch Momin, has been arrested. tylii firearms and bullets along with tens of lakhs of Bangladeshi rupees from his residence.
T. Lapasam, CHO Nartiang PHC welcomed the guests and S. Suchaing, Ward I/c Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong welcomed the guests.
These words remind us that we must be careful about the use of fire, so that we can enjoy only the good things and avoid dangers.
He said that the Meghalaya government has not done anything against the Assam government.
The union today held a public rally at Khyndai Lad to demand the repeal of the MPDA and the MMPO Act.
EGH won the toss and elected to bat first. EGH scored 42 runs (extra) without any effort and 19 runs tied by Silkamchi Marak but due to the loss of a wicket early. , left EGH less than 9 runs.
They were working at an oil factory in Sahudangi and were on their way to Cooch Behar district in West Bengal.
The match between Umkiang (Wahkoh) and Chiehruphi SYWSC ended in a 1-1 draw.
Shillong, Naitung 04: Following the government's decision to build an RCC bridge at Phodsala and Jashiar, the United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawkyrwat Circle has demanded that the government should implement other RCC bridges. claims that are not filed by the party.
On the same day, the JSU Rakabah Unit has also renewed its office bearers.
“It is clear and until now it has fallen under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya.
“Be careful, I was tricked.
At the same time, sharing technologies, bringing a start-up environment worldwide and encouraging IT sharing is one of the tasks.
In the third division, Mawnianglah beat Mawphlang 3-0
Jesus says this because he foresaw it.
Regarding the loss of these documents, it was said that they were misplaced and have not been found till today and it has not been explained that the loss was due to the fire. this office.
Dr. Ricky said that the government's demands are unfounded and the explanations from the government officials are also unfounded.
Applicants can apply online (Join India Army Website). Admit Cards for the recruitment rally will be sent via email on 25th July and applicants will collect their Admit Cards. Candidates who have registered and will be allowed to attend the rally, said that if there are applicants or candidates who do not have admit cards, they will be allowed to attend the rally. Before the rally, they can go to the RO (HQ), Shillong for more information.
Throughout the State, the construction of road schemes, irrigation schemes, housing construction and other works of the MSME scheme and other industrial sectors has been allowed to start from on 24th June 2020.
Out of the 40 fish tested, 30 fish were found to contain formalin and the report was submitted by the Assistant Food Analyst. of the State Government on July 6, 2023.
“When this happens again, the problem is for the people because not only does the traffic jam but it also puts their lives in danger because as it is now, the truck drivers have become angry. “They have to stand for many days on the road but they cannot unload the coal,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
When they get such governments, the people are the first to die because they have to pay more than what they should spend.
Finally, the JAC requests the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya who is also the Chairman of MeECL to take action on this issue so that it will not affect the welfare of the people of this area.
Sawkuta, who scored half a hundred runs, was the best player of the match.
He said that in the state government, the PDF will remain in the government until the end of the five-year term.
RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das also expressed concern over the continuous rise in prices of essential commodities in India.
In this article we will look at the two most important aspects of politics that an MLA/MDC/MP should have when entering politics. state and country.
There are also those who say that the nation is in trouble and I say no, it is not in trouble but the nation is growing from one year to another.
After the disappearance of the rakot bam briew, there was a difference between the two groups, the Lyngngam and the Garo or Dko, because of the dispute over the land.
Two goals for Mawklot SC came through Iaiskhem Nongdhar (43min) and Pyntyllilang Dkhar (53min).
Speaking on his decision to join politics through the VPP, he said, “If I think only of myself, I don't need to join politics because I have a job but it's because I don't have time. I just sit back and watch the Khadar rule which has deteriorated and I have lost hope for the future of my children and future generations”.
He said that as of now, these vendors have spread the garbage after they have finished selling and this can lead to diseases, especially in such cases. While the state is fighting against Coivd-19, it has been seen that these vendors do not comply with the laws and do not have that cooperation.
This also reflects on the violence against women in the Congress-ruled states.
Not only that, some people have stolen and made public Sharma's telephone number, his address, his photograph, which he posted on WhatsApp, the number of his voter registration number.
The sister of Bah Let became angry and threatened him with a blood clot, so that a child like him would do the work of the elders.
He said that if this idea does not reach the goal, it will be difficult to accept and support a candidate from the party.
In order to raise awareness among the residents regarding the production of nutritious food, NESFAS and SURE held a workshop with the Participative Guarantee Scheme PGS groups, as well as the village leaders of Shkenpyrsit on the 21st of this month. Pius Rani, Senior Associate of NESFAS, said that the people of this village cultivate up to 25 varieties of jhur and six of these are fruit forest.
Regarding the remaining light bills, Mayralborn said that the CMD has expressed that they also need the funds to run the Corporation so that they can run the Corporation during the day. ban come spirit.
However, due to the spread of COVID-19, the work had to be suspended for two months but resumed in January.
“Of course we cannot say that there have been some people who have received compensation, but most of those who have received money are those who have not been affected and damaged, but almost all of them “None of those who have been affected have received any compensation,” said Bah Bat Diengdoh.
Of these 273 cases, East Khasi Hills has 197 active cases, West Garo Hills 24, Ri Bhoi 14, West Khasi Hills 19, East Garo Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 5 and East Jaintia Hills
On the other hand, the mother of Kong Ardonhi Lamin expressed her gratitude to God for guiding her daughter. to complete higher education.
However, he expressed concern that in the second phase of COVID-19, the area has been affected more than last year.
Continuing the search, the rescue teams have recovered two more bodies of Bah Kynmaw Syngai, 70, and Kong Benti Riahtam,
All government offices should be equipped with modern equipment to facilitate service delivery to the public.
“The driver of this truck, Mithan Nama, 31, of Gopalpur, North Tripura, has been arrested and a case has been registered against him at Diengpasoh Police Station. c)/23 (c) NDPS Act and a thorough investigation is ongoing,” said SP S.Nongtynger.
On the other hand, Bah Titos Khain said that it is expected that the people will come to take part in this festival which is expected to be a success.
The disease has spread to Satpator and other villages on the India-Bangladesh border.
On the other hand, NPP spokesperson Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang said that the seizure of money from a vehicle in Arunachal Pradesh has nothing to do with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and NPP President Conrad K Sangma.
In England between 1760 and 1870, about 7 million acres were converted into commons through 4,000 laws.
The one-day competition was held on the 26th of this month at the Tachi Namgyal Academy.
The NPP Government (Conrad Sangma) is doing too much,,,it is only trying to destroy those who have already existed,,,that is, to dismiss 1200 teachers from schools and recruit its own people.
The father of the robber has pretended to love his children by taking them from his house in Nonglum Nongrah on the evening of 30th June 2022 with the intention of buying food for them.
Pm.
The website (themsl) was also launched.
The CAB has just started, but Chief Minister Conrad Sangma knows it is not good.
Speaking to the people who came to gather at the KHADC, Bah Ardent expressed his hope that all these things will be done and he hopes that as the people want him to remain as CEM, he will be. hi how.
The construction of this facility will be completed soon.
? Does anyone have a scientific trick to cleanse or cleanse the mind of completely destroying one's own language...? To get the answer to all this, it is up to each and every one of the Kahsi people to investigate or to find out the root cause.
In our own country we should be free,” said Bah Latiplang.
" Unquote The post of CEM should not be vacant, therefore when the Executive Committee is removed, the Council must complete the election without delay. Quote “Rule 22 (2): In case of removal of the Executive Committee, the election of the new CEM shall be completed within 48 hours. District Council and when this has been done the Chairman of the District Council SHALL forth-with submit A REPORT to the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner.
The Government should ensure that the price of agricultural products is not affected and forgive the farmers who have taken the loans.
However, after this speech, the CS Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that the position of the CS should not explain the laws and urged the Rangbah Shnongs to use them properly. this power has been conferred on them through the document.
At the same time, the relevant authorities should also provide for the full requirements of the troops or police patrolling in these areas so that they cannot blame the insufficiency of this or that at these times. They don't know if they have enough accommodation for them.
Help to provide information about the country and the world: Newspapers can provide information about what is happening in the country and around the world.
He said that this scheme is an incentive for them.
In the meeting with the PHC, it was found that there is an ambulance at the PHC, but it does not have the necessary equipment such as oxygen and equipment to assist the patients on their way. The Seng requests the government to immediately provide an ambulance so that it will be for the benefit of the people.
It will also start the cultivation of almonds, prisbin, mator, rice and rymbai.
Speaking to reporters, Gogoi said he doubts that the BJP will win the two seats again, criticizing Sarma's claim that this time the prime minister will be the prime minister. “Secondly, the BJP under the leadership of Defense Minister Amit Shah has awarded the contract for the North East to Himanta Biswa Sarma because through him they have received all the groups and have received positions. the Mafia in the North East and the illegal coal miners,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, November 15: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency on November 13, 2023, inspected the PMGSY road which is about 19.303 km from Mawkyrwat. South West Khasi Hills District.
There are schools which lack 5-9 teachers who have not been appointed by the government until the school principals have been forced to send temporary officiating teachers by others.
“The existence of the Association will be of benefit to all those who work in such a field.
According to the source, the incident happened on the 25th of this month at 8.30 pm when the Goldenstar raped the girl in a Sumo number ML -K-1264 at one of the places under Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng.
Required documents include Court Stamp fee Rs.25/-, three photographs, Bank guarantee T.1 lakh for foreigners and T.2 lakh for non-residents. A written statement from the Rangbah Shnong on the availability of the warehouse, the shape of the warehouse, Trading license for non-tribals, Sale Tax Clearance Certificate, Schedule Tribe/Caste Certificate, Residential Certificate from Rangbah Shnong and Certificates relating to Internet access.
On the other hand, Brig General Habibul Karim, Regional Commander North East Region, who led his 20 personnel from Bangladesh, promised to take action to destroy those camps in the eastern parts of Bangladesh.
A strategy on testing is critical to contribute to India’s efforts to reduce HIV, address stigma, and help patients access treatments quickly.
“This is not the way to stop such behavior and to deprive the rights of the citizens and I demand that the government should immediately open the internet,” he said.
Through this scrutiny, many of the candidates have expressed their confidence that they have won from the constituencies and this was witnessed when we talked to them. Some of the candidates from Ri Bhoi District who have expressed their confidence to win even though the day of election has not yet arrived and have admitted that they have the confidence to win without making a decision. people in the constituency.
The Reservation Policy or the special allocation for employment has turned into a source of income for the youth when less than 40% of the population has been shrut and knieh. and Jaintia, while the Garo population is still more likely to get up to 40%.
Indeed, there are many 'Rengmattah' who accuse me of speaking against the Jait Kmie.
In this New Jerusalem there is the Great White Throne of the Great White Throne.
On the other hand, the lawyer said that there is no case against Bah Iangrai in the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Please call or write to me what you think because I have arranged with the DGP and we are ready to welcome you back home to meet with all your relatives.
For winter rymbai in rice fields after harvest, protection against white spots using clean and appropriate methods can be done to reduce diseases from this pest.
Custom:It is the custom of the Khasi that a woman should keep her hair long.
The Federation of Riwar Mihngi today informed the Superintendent of Police about the need for a Police Out Post in Pynursla area. Bah Peter Rynjah and also the Sordar of Lyngkhat, Babu Kri Tynsong.
The road connecting many villages in Sumer Elaka under Saipung Block has turned into a hand road and the residents of 6-7 villages have to live in the middle of the traffic jam. the road is rough.
If there is only one government, the work will go more smoothly – the beneficiary is the people.
“Some of these illegal residents are raising cattle and other livestock within the Municipal area in violation of the Meghalaya Municipal Act, 1973, but this act of theirs has not been stopped. He said that there have been many complaints through the Seng to the Shillong Municipal Board for the purpose of resolving these issues. illegal hunters from this area, but this problem continues as well.
I am sorry that the party leader is old and can no longer follow me and I trust the party leaders to take this job,” said Mosjo.
This will affect 2.3 million or 23 lakh residents in this area which covers an area of ​​only 41 km long and 10 km wide.
He said that the opening of this tourist spot will also be a blessing to the village in terms of income, employment for the youth and also for the women of the village when this work goes well.
Of these 31, 4 were soldiers and 27 were civilians.
Playing in a safe environment : Make sure your children play in a safe environment.
The meeting and welcome speech was delivered by Kong D. Sohtun, Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM)-cum-Secretary District Legal Service Authority (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District.
The arrest of these robbers came after the police of West Garo Hills police have been searching for them for about two months. Twelve of them have been released on bail while four others are currently in custody. in a children's prison where a police report said they still need help to change their minds.
In a statement to the UPF chairman, Adelbert said he has decided to join the UPF if it agrees to raise a voice to force the government to set up a committee to Review the State Reservation Policy and other initiatives to be implemented for the development of the State.
“Young people are our precious stones and strength if we know how to use their knowledge and strength in the right way.
The tournament was held at the Mawlasnai Stadium which was also organized by the Mawlasnai Sports Club as part of the commemoration of the great contribution and services of this great leader of the State to the society. ka shalang, who has also served as an MDC, MLA of the area and risen to the post of Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong: Regarding the news in U Rupang, regarding the division of the new Synod; The Lum Shyllong Presbytery, which met on the 10th July 2019, at Lawsohtun, has not yet agreed to join.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has sent a letter to the Central Government saying that the uranium mining in the state has been suspended since The government has decided not to allow UCIL to mine uranium in the state and even the land owners have decided not to allow UCIL to mine uranium in the state. Mawlai MLA Process T. Sawkmie said that the Uranium Mining Project has been completed.
So there will be rainfall, in the state, heavy and heavy; on July 29, 30 and then, on 1st, 2nd and 3rd of May 2023.
Following the spread of a photograph on social media showing a voter who has photographed himself while pressing the button to vote on 27th June, the Chief Electoral Officer ( CEO Frederick R Kharkongor on 1st October 2013 has issued an order to the District Election Officer (DEO) of Ri-Bhoi District to conduct an immediate investigation.
Shillong: The General Assembly of the KUR KHONGBUH will be held on Saturday, 27th July 2023 at 10:00 am at the Dorbar Hall of Nenggate, Pynursla near Pynursla. PS.Kumta, all the elders, children, parents, mothers and young men and women of the Khongbuh clan, are invited to attend the ceremony to introduce themselves. to the court.
“You must pray” Amen.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The BJP Meghalaya has strongly condemned the state government for smuggling medicines worth T.4.25 crore at the NRHM warehouse at Central Warehousing, Shillong.
This is the first time that health centers will be opened in the most remote areas of the state where young people who have passed MBBS will not hesitate to serve in these areas because they will understand the value of of the souls of the brothers and sisters who live in places where there is no road.
“Bernard Marak has been released from police custody today after a fierce struggle,” said Bah Mawrie.
Speaking to reporters, Chidambaram said the figures for the last four quarters showed that in two quarters, it was -24.4 per cent and then -7.4 per cent. The third and fourth quarters will not bring good earnings, he said.
Marak to raise their demands regarding the suspension of salaries of Lower Primary teachers under SDSEO Shillong, where they visited again on 4th June 2019 and then on 11th October 2019, on 3rd July 2019 and the deadline is on 18th July
After this, the state government in the new year will proceed to fix the boundaries of six other sectors.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed a curfew from 7:00pm to 6:00am on Monday night. continue until otherwise announced.
Four candidates have filed their nomination papers for the 13th Mawryngkeng (ST) Assembly Constituency: Highlander Kharmalki of the INC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the NPP, Erson Marwein of KHNAM, Arbiangkam Kharsohmat and Norbert. Marboh as a candidate.
However, let us turn to our homeland, the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, in Khasi Jaintia, the land of the blood of the Son and the Father.
The UDP has now nominated HDR Lyngdoh's brother-in-law Synsharlang Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah as its candidate against the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang.
The clashes between Assam and Mizoram have intensified today.
The JAC leaders expressed their anger over the Government's failure to take any action to repair this damaged road, although from time to time the Village Authorities and the The residents of Narpuh have demanded that the Government should listen to the voice of the people and understand the plight of the passengers but the Government has not believed.
In this regard, the Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Bah S Nongtnger IPS said that on 2.11.2021 an FIR was received at Mawlai PS regarding the rape of a child. 15-year-old Dresstar Kurbah was arrested in July
In these clinics, there are doctors, nurses, and pharmacists.
There have been 89,129 new cases of covid-19 in India on Tuesday, the Union Health Ministry said.
Speaking at the party membership meeting in Rongjeng, Dr Mukul strongly criticized the NPP for being the only party of the BJP, which is a party that oppresses the minorities. , especially to Christians.
After the Lokayukta issued the order on 18th June 2023, the Director of Prosecution has sent the information gathered through the investigation to the Special Court of West Garo Hills, Tura for further investigation. .
Small planets have less atmosphere because they have less gravity, so they also lack those substances that can give life.
He also spoke on the use of tobacco inside the College and in public places.
Illinois authorities say one person has been killed and 20 others injured in a shooting at a Juneteenth celebration in Willobrook, Illinois.
When Bah Heh Don arrived, our hearts were filled with joy and we saw that he had started to spread to the right side of our seat.
In his first mission, Jesus Christ chose fishermen who were strong, courageous, and intelligent men after training them. (three) years and sent them to fulfill his mission to preach the message of the salvation of souls to the whole world.
The change of color of the Trinamool Congress MLAs will upset the BJP in the 2023 elections as the TMC has worked hard and has entered all the rural areas of the state and the political situation in This state will be seen more and more during the Tlang season before the elections as the entry and exit and the cutting of trees will be more intense from now on.
The ticket price for this concert is T.300/-, T.200/- and T.100/-.
Such an incident with Jesus often happens in our lives these days when those whom we have done good to and helped in times of trouble become our enemies.
At this meeting, which was held at 20Mer, one of the elders (who did not want to be named), spoke about the unemployment of the children of the villages near the Tool Gate Plaza. He said that according to his information, the offer was only T.165 per day, but it is not known whether these foreigners who are working at this price or whether it is just an intention to dismiss them. to the inhabitants of the city, this old man said.
If we examine the behavior of the leaders who are also the rulers of the country and the nation, we will see that these days there are many thlen, taro and shwar farmers among the Khasi people.
Khliehriat, June 16: Vehicles including small, heavy vehicles and Night Super buses have been stranded on the National Highway at Ratacherra and Malidor East Jaintia Hills District due to landslides.
Elaichi : This is used in many dishes and is also used to make tea. It has a strong flavor and sweetness that increases the taste.
Although the agricultural sector is very important, in recent decades, there has been a migration from these agricultural activities to other forms of livelihood.
In the incident, the church building of the Balang U Blei was also damaged.
Reaching ODF plus is a key objective of SBM(G) phase II, which started in
The Minister of Home Affairs, James Sangma, has earlier directed the KHADC not to allow private individuals or political parties to search or arrest foreigners in Shillong.
When Tribal Cooperative Marketing Development Federation of India Ltd.
The Minister said that it is necessary to have such educational institutions in the state so that the youth can turn to them.
Also present were the Syiem of Raid Nongtung, Bah M Shadap, one or two Basan of the Raid, Chairman of the Lakhympong Committee, Bah B Lyngdoh, Secretary Bah I Makdoh, Finance Secretary. E Bina, along with members including J Lamare, E Sohtun, J Lamarai and M Masharing.
He said that Manuel Badwar will be the Congress candidate from East Shillong Constituency against Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Multiplying this by the number of humans and animals on earth, it becomes clear that this is the reason for the enormous water supply.
She was also pleased to learn about the uniqueness of women in this state which is an example for other states.
Those sitting on the bench were Lukas Singkli, Baiaikara Swer, Chesterpaul Lyngdoh and Shaiborlang Kharpan.
The State Government has also received a request from various churches in the State to allow the tied bells in their churches. in the state to do so, but shall not be allowed to gather together.
In the final, Hassan finished in 2:18:34 with a strong spirit in the final of the 100m by 3 seconds. Alemu Megertu of Ethiopia came second and Jepchirchir of Kenya came fourth.
The BDO's office has failed to address the stinginess of the contractor and has caused problems to the residents and instead of walking on the road, they have had to walk along the road because of the cleaned stones. They are heavy and are also a danger to passers-by especially at night.
India's struggle against illiteracy was given new impetus by the announcement of the National Literacy Mission (NLM) in
“We don't have any intention to overthrow the government but we want to change the leadership,” said the UDP MLA. same right.
These boards were distributed in two to each household, one to store perishable waste and the other to store non-perishable waste.
He was born in Nongkrem in
It is here that the New World Order, the rule of the new world, can emerge and that world is wonderful because there will be only one dictatorship.
At the same time, the same rule has been issued, warning all those who are accustomed to committing illegal activities, by building sher dara houses along the NH-6, to hold as places to take coal from trucks overloaded and also as places to stock coal, block the Weighbridge at 13Mile Tamulkuchi and stock coal.
Therefore, we call upon all of us to stand against such SOPs and to establish a good foundation at this time when we elect our Nongsynshar. These SOPs will be fully implemented or we want the Government and the Authorities to bring about changes in the rules of the SOPs so that the wealth from coal should not be held or acquired by only a few people.
On the other hand, the SP said that he has already informed all the Police Stations of Meghalaya and neighboring states for the search for him.
The Myntdu River Cleanliness Sein in collaboration with Seva Bharati Meghalaya, Jaintia Hills on 12th July distributed Dry Ration to 19 ASHAs of Jowai Village who volunteered to serve the people. during this time of Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong: The President of the MPCC, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, has slammed the BJP for allowing Reliance to earn money from the people.
It was in the 11th minute that India scored the first goal through the PCs after a foul from the foot of one of the Netherlands defenders. gold medal for scoring 10 goals in the whole match until the end.
Shillong: The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) has strongly condemned the involvement of the youth of the Church in the Youth Convention in Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh.
“Now let's move on to another part, I have already decided to set up a Search Committee comprising Government officials and non-officials (Principals of Women's College and Lady Keane College),” he said.
He said that the preparations for the construction of the Dry Process of MCCL should produce 600 tonnes of dewbilat per day and per month should not be less than 15,000 MT. The factory can produce 10,000 Mt, while in the following month it cannot produce even 10 borni of dewbilat.
This is happening not only in Meghalaya but in the world.
The father of the boy (rich man) called the beggar who used to pray in their house before, the beggar also came and prayed like this – “Oh Lord I thank you that you sent the serpent to puh to the son of this i bah! Because I have forgotten you for seven years, but this is the time for you to turn this man from his evil ways, because we have never met again.
Half an hour later, Meghalaya scored another goal through Shilpaben Devabhai Thakor in the 33rd minute to take a two-goal lead by the end of the first half.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Peter J Lawai said that the Director Ram Singh in the meeting promised to extend the date for the students to submit their scholarship applications. He said he had also promised that Aadhaar numbers would no longer be asked from the students.
The higher classes such as classes ix to xii are still in trouble.
The funeral service for the remains will be held on the 5th of this month.
In the second half, Mawkyrwat Sports Club FC played well but Kyntiew-La-Ki-Jong FC didn't allow them to score the first goal. Kyntiew-La-Ki-Jong FC won the first half but the first half was over. Kyntiew-La-Ki-Jong FC won the first half.
This happened in the Kashmore and Ghotki districts of Sindh, where the situation in the city has deteriorated with the passing of the days.
Why is the 'football team' called the 'outfit'? Has the NLCN become a violent party? Have they hurt anyone? Some newspapers have accused the NLCN of being gang terrorists.
Regarding the death of kwai trees, Bah Thomas Mawlieh, one of the farmers from Tynghor West Khasi Hills, said that the disease has started for several years. When the kwai trees started to die, they cut down and destroyed the trees in the hope that those who have not been affected by the disease would survive but it was not so.
Nongpoh, Naitung 02: Without counting the MLAs in the government or in the opposition, an elderly man from Ri Bhoi District has expressed his deep sorrow over the state of education in the state. They have strongly criticized the 60 MLAs in the state for not taking action against the education department in the state.
In this regard, the State Government has issued a warning urging the residents to be vigilant, to prepare emergency supplies and to refrain from going to any non-essential activities. which is like this por.
From his sleep he was surprised when he heard that there was a large animal parking in his neck and immediately he got up and went to stand on the balcony for nine hours.
Jowai, March 23: The residents of Shilliang Myntang area have been in trouble due to the robbery of their wealth due to the quarrying of stone. The road from Mynso to Samatan has been damaged by the quarrying.
After winning the Lok Sabha by-elections from Tura, Conrad, the youngest son of PA Sangma, has advised the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, to stop politics but to work for the government. the growth of the state.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will award the Maitshaphrang Award to the students who passed 80% and above in the SSLC examination, 70% in the HSLC and 65% in the under graduate examination. and above 60% post graduates.
A detailed study has found that there is a statistical relationship between the low blood pressure and the sign of inflammation in the left atrium, which leads to atrial fibrillation.
What prompts the government to take this step? As the people, we don't know the reason behind it.
The State Education Mission Authority (SEMAM) has identified 942 children who have dropped out of school part-time and will be re-enrolled in the National Education Centres. Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) for Secondary Education.
He also criticized the NPP-led government for failing in all aspects from education to forcing teachers to sleep on the streets, besides the operation of those high schools. Level to run businesses.
Last season's Premier League champions Manchester City will kick off their first away leg against Burnley on Saturday night in preparation for the Premier League title. the first team from England to become champions four times in a row.
The MR Symbud admitted that in those days there was a problem at the tollgate but this was due to the malfunctioning of the machine. They also received receipts from the tollgate when they paid the fee.
She said that as the world is changing, as human beings we need to try to bring about change whether it is in economic development and in all aspects and through the cooperation of the people and the San Kur. Finally, she expressed her gratitude and blessings to the 5 Kur for continuing to progress in her work.
This department will have the power to hear cross-border cases and also to oversee all development projects.
However, it is not easy, because we the buyers of meat, we also want the best meat, the best, because we have already paid according to the price of the sellers, but we find that when It was the custom of the sellers that if you asked for ten kilos, they would cut from what you meant half a kilo and the rest they would look to the right to find the dohtam and fill it. per kilogram.
If you really want to heal the nation, you must implement the ILP in your home and village.
Nongpoh: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Umden Circle on Tuesday confirmed and renewed the full office bearers of the RBYF Umden Circle.
Speaking at the meeting through video conferencing, the Minister of State for Child Development congratulated the state government for taking the initiative to implement the CRC for the benefit of the citizens of the state who have special characteristics.
He also recalled the appeal of the Khasi District Council to the Supreme Court to suspend the order of the Meghalaya High Court, which dismissed the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs. An interim order has been issued, which clarifies that the Rangbah Shnongs cannot be prohibited from issuing any syrnot or any written documents, as it has been authorized by the District Council. 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
All five of Tura's leading batsmen were dismissed without reaching 10 runs, while the team scored 30/5
In the second half, Mynthong scored four goals through Romiric B Nguefang (65', 78') and Premrose Lamat (81', 88').
Any religion should be respected if it is the Khasi religion or any other religion in Khasi Hills and any religion has its own customs.
“We know that there are delays in operations because MeCEL has tried to introduce a new payment method.
So Deisy dialed Riia's number.
During the meeting, Bah Sohlang said that for the repair of roads in Nongstoiñ, the government has received financial assistance from the World Bank and will soon allocate funds for the repair of roads in Nongstoiñ. all the roads in Nongstoiñ.
In technology and electronics alone, up to 18 lakh new jobs have been created within 10 years but no one is willing to work in West Bengal.
Friends United CC, after tied first, managed to score 118/5 in 20 overs.
The complaint has been filed against the four persons under Section 306 of the IPC. Supreme Court and on 8th June this year, the Supreme Court of the country has issued an order and sent the case back to the High Court.
Nongdawah had another chance to score the third goal through Dibin who turned the ball alone but was caught by Dancing Mukhim and the referee ran straight and bluit. red card and immediately sent off the player.
“We will call for clarification and if they don't agree, we will cancel the NOC issued by former CEM HS Shylla,” said Teinwel.
In the second match, Sahsniang beat Mukhla Mission in the same manner through the penalty shootout and Sahsniang beat Mukhla Mission 4-1
The Gauhati High Court and the Election Commission have been clarifying the rights and freedoms of the motherless since May 26, 1965 for more than 55 years.
Ambrose Memorial Secondary School, Khliehriat was founded by former MLA Justine Dkhar in 2000 and is currently the Principal of the school. District to improve education in the district and in the state.
In fact, the people do not want the ethnic parties to participate in the NPP government but the elected MLAs have done so.
According to the Christian religious book of the Bible, it is clear that one of the judgments that God will judge a person on the last day of judgment is not his wrongdoing or his evil deeds, but how far he will go. that thou shouldest be kind and sbun unto thy neighbour.
It is not surprising to see that all the 60 MLAs have passed a resolution to implement the ILP in the state.
If the NPP is not willing to expel the UDP from the MDA government as it has done to the KHNAM and BJP, it is biased.
It also ensured that a low-income person could get the first batch of vaccine in his village and the second batch in the city where he worked.
SCA-B had set a target of 212 runs but were reduced to 17 runs for the loss of 7 wickets.
So that we can continue to carry out this project during this time of Covid1
The power, wisdom and will of the people today cannot be counted stingy or counted.
Control Units, 61 Ballot Units and 65 VVPATs have been set up.
“Raliang Elaka is different from others, because we have to accept the Doloi who wins along with the religion and customs and the appointment of the Acting Dolloi has to be decided by the '7 Waheh' “He has been able to complete the necessary documents of the people of the Elaka, but he has not been able to complete the rituals,” said the Rangbah Kur Suchiang, Ribait Suchiang. “We have requested the CEM to remove the Acting Dolloi so that the Dolloi Lyngdoh can perform the rituals in the month of November and November when there is a Kopati Puja,” said the 7 Rangbah Kur. He added that the JHADC can suspend the Dolloi but not appoint an Acting Dolloi.
Hundreds of Jugali who have not passed have blocked the road at the gate of MeECL demanding that it should not issue a Letter Of Appointment (LOP).
Shillong: The Sordar of Raid Mukertilla, Bah Phrenly Kongwang, has expressed his opposition to the collection of money by the people of Darrang village for those who go fishing in the border area of ​​Darrang. Raid Mukertila, of Khyrim Hima, East Khasi Hills District.
The Dorbar Shnong Umpling, would also like to thank all those who attended this meeting especially the village officials who gave their suggestions to maintain a clean environment and especially those who worked hard and took part in this meeting. cleanliness of the city.
The VPP has announced to give ticket to Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the VPP on the 21st of this month. election MP Lok Sabha.
Speaking to media, the President of the District Council, Bah Bless Son Dkhar, said that the District Council has already released T.9.37 crore for the construction of the shlem. the design and financing doesn’t quite match up.
There are 839 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 320 cases in West Khasi Hills, 167 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 88 in Ri Bhoi, 24 in Ri Bhoi, 24 in South West Khasi Hills, 16 in East Garo Hills. South West Garo Hills 5 and South Garo Hills
Therefore, the two organizations urge their friends in the Pynursla area to please urge their drivers to follow all the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Nestarlin Khongkhlad, Secretary and Shiningstar Khongthohrem, Chairman of the Covid 19 Committee, said in a statement.
The fine is in accordance with the Epidemic Act, which prohibits the registration of more than 50 people and the registration took place on the 19th and those who tested positive for the virus showed symptoms on the 21st. July 2020.
Earlier, in the last 30 years, the state had produced only 4800 metric tonnes (MT).
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, former MLA Umsning, Charles Marngar, incumbent MDC Mawhati, Stanliwis Rymbai, former MLA Umsning, will contest from Umsning. Umroi and Rona Khymdeit, former MDC Nongpoh will contest from Nongpoh.
Shillong, November 16: U Shavian Blah once again showed his skills for Meghalaya by taking five wickets against Manipur on the second day of the tournament. The U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy was held today at the MCA Ground, Polo.
The most important thing to plan now is in the field of literacy as this has declined sharply.
“The registration of citizens in the Insurance Scheme is online and we are doing this so that there will be no fraud.
It was learned that as soon as he entered the market, the foreigner, whose origin is unknown, started offering these drugs from the market where he used to sell secondhand clothes and household items such as khiew and other devices.
The MLA of Gambegre constituency said that some villages near Gambegre including Badupara and Mibonpara, which fall under Dalu Block, have received bill light, although they have not had electricity. Electricity.
The allocation for this was made from the NERSDS for the year 2017-1
Daily events approach the time when Satan hastened the Jews to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem, for it is here that his New Work will begin to take place. rule this world to be the King of the world and the god of the world as he was born thousands of years after God cast him out of the Third Heaven, the abode of God Isaiah 14:12-17/ Ezekiel 28:11-19.
When he is responsible, he has a love, a mental relationship with his wife, for it is love that is the foundation of his marriage relationship with her (Ephesians 5:25, 28).
Bhalang is very happy that his mother comes because when a mother or father comes, it strengthens and strengthens the bond between them.
Motphran has become a battlefield since 31 May, 2018 due to the attacks by the Kharmetor sent by those Khohkadun and Khapkapun who called themselves “Angel Par Khyndew.
Apart from these two incidents, I don't remember any other incidents in our state.
The Khasi Jaintia Students Union, Guwahati Unit has not been able to hold this meeting of Khasi students and workers in Guwahati for the past two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has taken the initiative to hold a youth meeting and also to distribute prizes as part of the efforts to encourage the youth to become fellow citizens. parasnam and also to work together for the welfare of the Khasi youth in Guwahati.
From Um Talen they came to Borkhat and stayed overnight.
Other reports said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has released its list of candidates for the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, including Narendra Modi, who will contest from Varanasi and Amit Shah. He will contest from Gandhinagar in place of LK Advani, who used to hold the constituency.
On this Bill, I support the KHADC because it is right that we should call ourselves Khasi, we should call ourselves Khasi because we as a nation don't have the special status as a minority.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong City, Vivek Syiem said, “It is true that the village of Nongshiliang has arrested a man named Derik Dkhar. Police have arrested him and registered a case against him. At the same time it was found that he was carrying a knife.
“Those who voted for the 10 election issues of the TMC should answer, where is their report card?” Andrew said. .
According to the order, the Meghalaya High Court has issued its judgment on the case of Shri Brightstarwell Marbaniang & Ors vs State of Meghalaya based on many judgments of the Supreme Court, High Courts and others. The State Government has banned teachers in colleges who provide assistance to contest elections or to take part in political parties. Clause 7.4.3 of the Meghalaya Education Policy 2018 and the notification issued on 23 October 2021 amending the Aided College Employee Rule which states: universities receiving financial support from the government are prohibited from engaging in any political activities," the court overturned the order because "it is a decision," it said.
Replying to the meeting, the Syiem explained to them that he has no authority to interfere in this matter, as it has been done by the Hima Mylliem. He said that this demand of these rangbah and Longkmie, even he as the Syiem, has the spirit to support.
“I am very pleased to have a thorough meeting with them and I have asked them to prepare a project to address the prostitution of women.
Speeches were also delivered by students of Lady Kean and St Anthony's College.
Nongpoh, November 07: To prevent foreigners from working illegally in Pahamsyiem Village without proper documents which can also endanger the village. Pahamsyiem Village, Ri Bhoi District today conducted a Labor License check for foreigners who came to work illegally in many jobs in Pahamsyiem Village, Ri Bhoi District.
This has given hope to the residents that they will escape from the power outage of 8-10 hours a day.
Caudrat, 54, came to India as assistant coach of Bengaluru FC in
This victory is memorable because despite the lack of medical equipment and other difficulties in treating in the rural areas, the victory has been seen.
Former actress Shabana Azmi was taken to MGM Hospital after she met with an accident in Mumbai-Pune on Saturday.
Once a person or persons are infected with this disease, they will have to live with it in this body until the moment they take their last breath in this world.
This action of the police is for the purpose of maintaining order and maintaining safety and security of the people.
At that time, the CEM of KHADC said that the elections cannot be held by force without consulting with the KHADC as it is the KHADC that will spend the money. The KHADC should be consulted before the announcement of the elections.
Bah Nongkynrih, who has two young children, was shot dead by BSF troops on Thursday night on the border of Pomshutia and Mawshun villages, Pynursla Civil Dub Division. that he was involved in the stealing of cattle.
“I am surprised that the minister has mentioned the machine which is broken and no longer needed.
Thousands of youths took part in the Holy Mass conducted by the Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Shillong, Rev. Richard Manbha Majaw. Cross Parish Mawkynrew and other Priests.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the Congress has won 16-17 constituencies in the state. Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs).
On this issue, the village leaders of these 5 villages including the Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong who were present about 20 people led by their MDC Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Paidang) today held a meeting. They have met with the Minister of PWD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar to request him to provide a road to the village as soon as possible.
Only a little of it can be marketed but most of it rots and falls into the ground.
“We urge you to look into these problems of the farmers and to set a higher price when selling synsar, kwai and tympew in the market within the boundary of the area. Amlarem and other places,” said the farmers' union leaders.
On the other hand, the JSU said that the company will have to confirm on this demand of the union otherwise it will get into trouble.
“I have asked the civil society organizations to work together to find ways and means how to deal with this because we don't want it to affect anyone whether it is Khasi, Jaintia or Garo,” said Bah. Preston.
After the inspection of trading license in the area, the Enforcement Department of KHADC will continue to conduct inspections in Khanapara and other border villages of Ri-Bhoi.
Kohli, who has played 113 Tests for India, is fourth in the country's highest Test scorer with 8,848 runs.
The JSU wishes all of you that through the celebration of Christmas 2015 to receive the blessings and mercy of our Savior in all aspects from health, peace, prosperity and There is a lot of happiness in the homes and in the community as a whole.
Veterinary Engineer Bah LW Pariong, Sub Divisional Veterinary Officer, Dr ST Tham and the elders of the village were present on the occasion.
“Having turned 50 years old, the state should be free from poverty, it is a difficult goal but the government has a goal to do this,” he said.
OrganizingSecretary – Phrem Dkhar 8.
Humphrey Dkhar was elected as President, Thynda Dkhar Secretary and Knet Phawa as Treasurer along with 40 Executive Committee members. from all 8 villages under the 21st – Tuber MDC Constituency.
You don't want your children to have a bad attitude toward you.
We have seen that in Garo Hills, the election campaign has not been as smooth as in Khasi Jaintia Hills although there are only five days left for the people to vote.
The Khliehriat Bar Association (KBA) on Monday held the election of new office bearers for the term 2020-2
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that although the Supreme Court has accepted the appeal of the state government, it has not suspended the order of the High Court of Meghalaya. in which the CBI has charged the accused.
In a statement, he also sent his greetings to the residents of Mawshynrut and fellow members of the party from circle to central.
“You really know how to cook Lydia.
When there is a fever, people clean the umngap with Sohmarit and soon the fever goes away.
Garobadha-Dalu road (NH 51) and Purakhasia-Mahendraganj road have been closed for traffic, the statement said.
Her husband, Shravan Baury, is a mystery worker, earning T.400 a day.
The election has been postponed due to the assassination of NCP candidate Jonathone Sangma. The deadline for the NCP candidate will be on 10th June, while the date for scrutiny of documents will be on 11th June
A 27 feet tall Mawbynna was found in this place. This stone is very tall and strong. Even the strongest earthquake in 1897 could not shake this stone. many of the stones in this area had fallen in the earthquake.
If this is the case, AMSSASTA has lost hope that the teachers will receive their salaries even before Christmas, to celebrate like other teachers in the state.
He alleged that the government has made district councils only as government departments and not as autonomous.
On Tuesday will be the final match of the group.
Ten policemen were reportedly injured in the protests that continued for the past three days.
“We already have a law to curb foreign traders through the Trading License of the District Councils, we also have a Department to monitor the illegal entry of foreigners known as the Inter- Balen Thubru, President of JHTOA, said that Meghalaya is the central state in the country. the North-East and if the ILP comes into force it will have a significant impact on the income of the people.
Ribet Dkhar (U-20) Event 5000meter, 1500meter.
Conrad sent the letter on 23rd June to the Minister of Communications, Ashwini Vaishnaw requesting the Ministry to amend the draft model notification of the Department of Posts, which emphasizes Hindi and English as the mother tongue, which is required for the recruitment of Gamin Dak Sevaks in Meghalaya.
There is also a part of the Khasi language which reads the same but is pronounced differently and has completely different meanings such as the word also (also) also (casket); gather a hill; twig awestruck; prefix for repetition as if you were saying every time, every day; obstinate, devote as if to give one's life, feminine pronoun, paper reach, earn as one earns; profit fate such as farmers, farmers, farmers, etc.; school bag paper bag, needle Discuss, tear rhythm analyze how you do it; saw (red) saw (four), risaw (October) risaw (planning); pair galvanized, equipment like Mar Phalyngki, equitable like Mar Phalyngki; table measure for four hundred betel nuts, narcotic substances such as opium; tba (trace in the dark) tba (lighting specifically), khah (nearby/ closely) khah (weed), lei (doesn't matter) lei (gum) 'lei (shortened term for deity), ler (protrude) ler ( able), phan (potato root) phan (chant of sorcery), bak (run away) bak (different); and others that will be mentioned later.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Six leaders of the KSU Sohra Circle have been arrested today for allegedly deleting a sign written Cherrapunjee by spraying blue color around Sohra. I want you to write 'Sohra' instead of Cherrapunjee.
He urged the parents and youth to look after and look after all these things because due to the spread of alcohol and drugs and other illegal beverages it will lead to there is no peace in the village.
Shillong, July 27: The Government has decided to implement the Special Multi-Task Force (SMTF) or Special Force-10 to strengthen the state police force in the fight against insurgents.
If Khasi language is to be enriched and raised to the highest possible level certain subjects like music, fine arts and handicrafts should be incorporated in the present system of education.
After receiving an FIR from the Sirdar, police arrested the Raja from Sohra Market at 2:30 pm.
Drabhamon Phawa was poor at the time of her arrest and has been in jail since June,
Therefore, he urged the land owners who used to set up businesses to come forward to build cinemas in Jowai in order to preserve the films produced in the local language.
Prashant Patel, President of the Vadodara Congress, said that this is an aim to help the youth, who come from poor families, who do not have the opportunity to go to coffee shops. He said that only those who are rich can go to these shops, but those who are poor don't have a place to sit.
Speaking to reporters, Marak said, “I would like to meet MHRD Minister Prakash Javadekar to discuss this.
The Tymmen Basan said that the total cost of the completion of the project is estimated at Rs 1 crore.
“If Pakistan is trying to weaken India through terrorist activities, it needs to take measures to counter it.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has met with the Delhi government ministers and taken decisions that should be implemented immediately.
Many of the villagers in West Khasi Hills, while informing this reporter, said that at present the electricity supply is not sufficient and they have not been able to use it properly according to their needs.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The SSCPP, Shillong Unit will hold a meeting for all the parents and youth of Pynursla Parish on the 6th of this month. in April at the Don Bosco Youth Centre.
We must be prepared to prevent, and deal with, future health-related incidents.
After this, the innings of SCA-B started to stop after the strong batsmen of SCA-B fell for 13 balls, in which Trina Yan was dismissed. Manthan fell for Benedict J Makdoh who scored 3/36 points in the run-out.
The cost, estimated by SpaceX, is estimated at $5 billion to $10 billion.
He is working in Pynursla Block, where he is retired as Inspector of that Block.
He said that while he was studying in Class XII, he had prepared for the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) with the aim of passing the examination. In 2019, he started studying MBBS at GMC. Dr Dewïong, 25, who has gone through a long journey to reach this rank, has nothing to lose. However, he said that on the journey life is enough as long as there is air to breathe, water to drink and food to eat.
The attack, which took place on Tuesday, was carried out by the gang, in which they broke through the walls of the prison, to release the prisoners and members of the gang. , who are in jail.
Regarding the transfer of Professional Tax funds into the accounts of private individuals, u Bah Shylla suspected that there may be misuse by someone. it is a license to corruption, even if you don't eat a penny it is corruption,” he concluded.
“18 And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man. ... 24 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife;
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Titosster assured that the District Council will consider how to create opportunities to assist the commercial taxi drivers especially to ban foreign commercial vehicles as done in Sikkim. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on this issue.
East Khasi Hills has 193 new cases, Ribhoi 20 and West Garo Hills 35 cases.
"But to eat you have to eat a lot, Riia," said Bahnah. "That's right, Bahnah.
However, the hospital authorities announced that the woman, Beena Sunar, has already died, while her husband, who is suspected to be involved in the incident, has already died. Keshab Sunar was seriously injured and was shifted to Shillong Hospital.
In total, the expenditure in the Budget 2022-23 is T.18,881 crore and of this, T.14,448 crore is from the state while the remaining is from the state. the Central Government.
Merald also alleged that these trucks have been able to move slowly and carry more coal than they should and even the employees of the Range Forest Office, Umkiang Range admit that these trucks have carried too much.
Meanwhile, Resubelpara RMSA Secondary School won the award for the best team in the Parade or Best March Past.
She said that she was also the one who proposed the amendments when the Gaming Bill was introduced in the House.
The funeral service will be held on 18/08/21 at 2 pm at the Jowai Presbyterian Church, Tredieñling, Jowai.
Red Bull's sister team AlphaTauri is also hoping to use a Ford engine.
They were also assisted by two other retired nurses including Hunmon Kharbuli and Dilliangrai and two members of the Red Cross in the presence of General Secretary Andrew Sawian.
Shillong: Four Auto Rickshaws and two shops along the road in Umdoh 18mer village, were seriously damaged after they collided with a truck at 10 pm this morning. in the evening inside the city.
>According to the Act, houses with three floors above require permission from the Electrical Inspector before installing electricity.
Even if the hospital is in short supply of funds, the medicines that the public needs most are available at the hospital pharmacy, except for the medicines that people don't need or the medicines that people don't need. get diseases.
At the same time, he said that MeECL has now decided to rebuild the Stage-III of the Leshka Project and now the engineers and experts in charge of this project are still working on the Stage-III. prepare all the necessities.
Those who have suffered from the lack of electricity in the factory have expressed their anger because it is the time of school and examinations for their children.
Cultivators are those who use the tools to cultivate the soil.
“I strongly condemn the intent of the DC of West Karbi Anglong, because it does not affect Khanduli and we have arranged to hold a meeting between the MDCs of KAAC and JHADC on the day of the incident. “They didn't come but we stand on the ground that it belongs to Meghalaya,” said the CEM. “It is true that the residents of Khanduli have been angry and we strongly condemn their violence”.
We are fortunate to have District Councils, and we are also special citizens because we have protection under the Sixth Schedule (under Article 244).
“I would appreciate it if my friends in the media would allow me to comment before they publish such news,” he said.
The online market, which sells products produced by farmers, artisans and others, was inaugurated on the occasion of the 74th Independence Day at Infinity Hall, Mooralong Lathadlaboh, Jowai.
“We want to make it clear to the government especially to the Minister of Home Affairs that the department should release the resolution in November and if not, we will come out publicly to protest. claim your rights," he said.
Therefore, u Bah Renikton urged the people not to be afraid of the Aadhar Card because these days all the schemes offered by the government go through Aadhar and if they don't have Aadhar it will be a loss. The schemes that the government has already implemented.
KHNAM said that the price of petrol has decreased, but the price of fares has remained unchanged and the poor have not been forgiven.
Shillong, July 16: There has been a stir over the illegal arrest of FKJGP leader Reginald Ronald Thabah.
The Principal Secretary said that so far there are 6811 youths who have returned from all over India including from the North East and outside the North East (mainland India).
Early in the morning, the participants took great pains to reach and fill the Madan Nongthymmai.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon start the development of the Heritage Village at Mawphlang through a special grant to attract tourists to the country. this area.
Population growth is one of the fastest growth rates in that we observe from the day-to-day behavior of the city that the more days pass the more crowded the city becomes.
The spirit of nationalism in this country of India is widespread in the North East.
Shillong: Nine policemen including a female policewoman from Meghalaya have been selected to receive the Governor Medal 2020 this year. shrink.
“If they cannot curb this illegal mining of coal, there are many illegal activities in the state that will continue to occur including the smuggling of money for coal mining. people who intend to set up new rebel groups where they can buy equipment to carry out terrorist activities from this money they earn”.
The Cyber ​​Security Operations Center is equipped with 24 hours a day.
The greatness of the jainsong can also be seen even in the field of khadar rule.
Of these, two were members of the party and two were supporters of the party, police said.
On the same day, the Minister also awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award to Rodrick D Shira for his outstanding contribution to the state and the country as a whole.
“Modi calls farmers, 'Andolanjivi' and terrorists.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The forest of the State Forest Department in Nongkhyllem, Ri-Bhoi district, is one of the largest in the Khasi Hills among the government's wildlife sanctuaries.
“I am sorry, I am sorry as the elders, I see that they have passed the year 2014 when I was the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC. “I don't think there will be any complaint from the farmers that there is a kilo cut,” said Bah Basaïawmoit. two.
Mawlai FC, Rymbai Iawpynsing, Chipakkore and Seven United have won the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 tournament 2023 today. Shillong, Jowai, Tura and Mawkyrwat.
Why is that? Because Satan has been arrested and imprisoned for 1,000 years, there will be no more deceivers.
“The loss of electricity in this village for 7-8 years is due to the loss of transformer,” said Bahshlur Mukhim President FKJGP War Jaintia.
The Minister, who visited Meghalaya on Saturday, said the government will set up a training center to train the youth of the state.
These leaders were confirmed and sworn in according to the rules of procedure of HANM by the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
Before three o'clock, I finished my work.
If we continue to pursue selfish interests, it is useless for us to expect to see the economy grow, the government be clean and prosper in all aspects.
The land belongs to the private sector and at the same time it is also a suitable land for the construction of the Exit Point, as it has not affected the village roads and at the same time the It is far from St. Jude's Secondary School and Conservation Training Institute, Byrnihat.
In order to ensure quality education for all children, the AITC has pledged to implement Direct Benefit Transfers of T.1,200 per annum to all families of students studying in government schools including also in the cost of books and educational materials.
In this regard, she urged the government to take action so that the youth who pass the examinations should get their right to employment.
“If we have division we won’t get anywhere.
China also launched the Jilin-1 satellite in 2015, which weighs about 420 kilograms.
However, the Central and State Governments in India have made petrol one of the sources of revenue and this has greatly affected the people.
New Delhi: Mobile phone usage has increased in price in recent days following the hike in prices of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone Idea.
It is worth mentioning that the construction of the stadium is only for the benefit of Shillong Lajong, which plays two home matches of the Second Division League.
Union Minister Rajkumar Ranjan Singh, whose residence in Imphal was damaged and set on fire by the crowd in the incident on July 16, has said that the Congress party The Congress party has been ruling Manipur since the beginning of 2017 and all the mistakes made by them have been the reason for the violence. bring about serious conflict in the state.
He said the reason for his visit was to convey the objectives of the TMC to improve education and health in the state and also in Mawkyrwat as the TMC in Other states under its jurisdiction, provide free medicines to the patients, through the availability of one card of the mother per household and also for school children it will provide T. lakh in a small amount for their studies.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Beh deinkhlam festival which started on the 13th of this month ended on Tuesday with thousands of people from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills coming to witness the festival. The Behdeinkhlam was also attended by tourists from all over the world who came from all over the world to see the beauty of the state. Aitnar, you are not holy.
The killing of the leaves produces this water.
“The claim that only the Congress can fight against the CAB is another opportunity to mislead the people of this state especially the voters.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Ardent's hunger strike has extended to the second day which he started on Tuesday.
The king was afraid and sent for all the magicians and enchanters to read and explain to the kingdom.
Shillong: A meeting was held between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, other government ministers and Deputy Commissioners from different districts of the state today.
“The cows were brought from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Assam and other places, we don't know exactly what kind of cows the Dkhars brought,” said Bah Warjri.
According to sources, Bah Readington Marweiñ, has died of Covid-19 along with other illnesses which he did not have in his body. Bah Readington Marweiñ, has been admitted to the hospital for several days.
Record setting of optical fiber connected villages in India today.
Therefore, the Seng Kur Warjri has agreed to meet with the Riti Academy to celebrate the Khasi New Year which will start from the next day, 13th November
However, even though I have given so much assistance and many schemes, I doubt that I will win now, because many people are waiting to get money to vote, it has put me in trouble and I don't know anymore.
Gloucester Nongbet will receive the Sangeet Natak Academy Amrit Award for his contribution to the development of traditional music in Meghalaya.
“If this protest is wrong, Ma Johnson Pohrmen asked whether there is a law that has ordered the salaries of the employees to be suspended for many months.
“Doesn't the NGT, which has banned the mining of coal in the state, have the right to challenge the illegal mining in Jirang Hima on the border with Assam,” said a statement sent by Bah A Pator. Nongstoin, June 19: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has started spreading to parts of West Khasi Hills. Hills District and in order to strengthen the party, the leaders of the PDF Sengkmie, have also elected temporary office bearers for the Nongstoin Constituency.
“This proposal to extend the term of office of the two ADCs is groundless because there is no reason to extend the term of office of the two ADCs from five years to 6-7 years.
I cannot say anything if anyone joins (to another party) because the Anti-Defection Act (in district councils) does not apply at all.
He said that as the Minister he would also urge all the MLAs to take action on how to bring about change in the field of education in their respective constituencies and the MLAs should come forward to discuss if necessary in any area.
The main objective of the group is to support and encourage young people who are interested in participating in two-wheeler competitions (including cycling) and also to improve their skills. that don't.
On another topic, Bah Shabong said that around the world, looking at the population of women, more men than men. It is clear that if in all countries, women are more than men and if a man marries only one woman, what will happen to those women who are more than men? public goods" he concluded.
Expressing that the State Government cannot just look after the Khappud people who have faced many problems for decades, Conrad said, “Therefore, we have held many meetings and after hard work we have The soskular on the border was signed in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs.
“When you think of winning, this will affect your thinking. When there is any problem even if it is small, you will not be able to fight and you will run away from these problems. “There are many things you have to think about and one of them is that you are afraid of losing,” he said.
“Fr.Pius Shadap, Parish Priest of Umsning Parish, while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Autumn Fiesta organized by the St. Michael's Higher Secondary School Past Pupil Association, On the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee of the school, he expressed his appreciation for the great contribution of Fr.Michael Balawan as the founder of St.Michael School in Umsning. and spirit to develop the community and the Ri Bhoi region and even the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
Wanmon is a member of Laskein EFC and owns a small home based enterprise known as Deisa Food Processing. and others, to make ashar, jam, wine juice, juices, shynrai and chillis flake.
There are also those who suspect that this may have been done by drug addicts to steal the image of Jesus.
He was accompanied by members of the committee including Mawsynram Himalaya MLA M Shangpliang, Ampati MLA Miani D Shira, Rambrai MLA Kimfa S Marbniang, Umroi MLA George Bankyntiewlang Lyndoh, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills and officials of the MSPCB and leaders of the Environmental Coordination Committee (ECC), Sutnga District.
Jowai: The Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KBCC) in an emergency meeting held at the party headquarters today decided to hold a protest in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills. HIlls.
Earlier, he said that the Union is deeply saddened by the incident and has already held a meeting after the Prime Minister has called a meeting with the Chief Executive Members today. .
Randeep Guleria said he has not seen any sign that children will be affected by the disease.
Shouldn't such families educate their children with scholarships from the government? Government and legislators please think of the rich and poor.
The Board uses the remaining Rs 22.13 crore to repay part of the loan taken and to cover expenses.
Khliehiongriang beat Iawmulong Nartiang 1-0 on goal by Juhhi Langshiang in the 29th minute.
“The Yatra has been postponed from Jammu due to the situation on the highway.
The march started from Mihmyntdu and passed through Ladthadlaboh, Iawmusiang, Chutwakhu, Iongpiah and ended at the Tpep Pale Stadium.
The Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR) has allowed to carry only 12 tonnes while the Village Authorities, Syiems and Ministers of Sohra Hima have allowed to carry up to 25-26 tonnes.
Public School with 95% in the ICSE (10th Exam) and Delightful Lyngdoh with 90.71% in the HSSLC from the Telangana State Board of Intermediate Education.
They help the dangerous Electromagnetic Radiation (EMR) to enter our ears and affect the brain. This can cause serious damage, say doctors and researchers. To avoid danger because most of the time when you sleep you put your mobile phone on your head or near your ears. Most of the time if you don't turn off your mobile phone, your friends will lose sleep by talking about this and that but if you turn it off before going to bed, you will sleep peacefully until the morning. step and without fail mobile phones will also be able to rest.
Shillong, March 03: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robertjune Kharjahrin on Tuesday said that the state government should change the terms of reference for the demarcation of the border in the second phase. In an exclusive interview with Mawphor, he said that many of the villages in the state will not get any more villages especially those in Block I and Block II. According to the second rule of the Government's announcement, the Regional Committees set up by the Government have been asked to cross verify that the villages belonging to Meghalaya have been registered. Assam Government (2011 Report) without being able to check whether there are villages that want to come to the state or are parts of the state that have not been included in the report. 2011 will still be able to return to the state.
During the raid, the Excise and Police personnel, but also the Magistrates, seized tens of liters of illegal drugs. the plastic bag is wrapped in plastic bags.
In the 24th minute, Ebormi Lyngdoh and Mewotki scored the first goal for Shangpung Moosyiem to beat Demthring 3-1 Sungoh in the 69th minute and Wonderful Langbang in the 75th minute.
They also discussed the difference between the youth in this age and the past.
Police have registered a case against Shantre under the Anti Narcotic Act.
That preacher said something I didn't agree with.
Shillong: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) today expelled about 50 people who illegally entered Tura and came from other parts of the region. east of India.
“It is sad to say that the mass protest against unemployment has affected the income growth and dignity of the state and this has affected the unemployment rate. “Because instead of others, they don't want to work,” said Bah Larsing.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 28: Speaking at the election campaign, the VPP candidate for the 6-Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, u He also spoke on the shortage of electricity in East Jaintia Hills District and said that it is surprising that there are two power plants in the district, the Myntdu Leshka Project-Stage 1, which is located at Suchen. and the Power Grid Station at Deinchynrum, but the supply of electricity is still very low.
This is the roster and backlog of Khasi Jaintia.
Kong RM Kurbah, also urged the children to be a good example in the villages, because the children these days have become intelligent and intelligent and have become like spreaders of the gospel in the society.
Those who have fought well are not worried and want a resolution.
The VVPAT or Verifiable Paper Record (VPR) is a verification that the vote cast by the people should also be known to be true to the party they want to vote for.
He said that after finding out that this allegation was true, they warned the foreigner and expelled him and he should no longer work in the area.
Soap reduces the PH levels in the skin and this leads to swelling, inflammation and even the appearance of acne.
However, that faith in God does not appear in everyday life, whether in speech or action, in the rule of law and society.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Secretary Aguster Jyrwa said that the KSU has not yet taken any decision on the government's failure to listen to their demand for the immediate release of the KSU. The President of the KSU without any restrictions.
On the 22nd he will meet with the leaders and the people and before that he will leave Jorabad to walk to Nongpoh.
He urged all the market vendors to take advantage of this market, in order to improve the income of the residents and urged the people to keep this market clean and tidy.
Many of the CHCs and PHCs in the state have few doctors.
Referring to the recent meeting in Guwahati of all ethnic parties against the BJP's proposal to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016, Dr Kharlukhi said, “That meeting in Guwahati will lead to that.
Boomi C Marak, Dr Jova Marak, MD Shira, Tonti Marak, Jaynie N Sangma, Babyana M Sangma, Marilyne D Shira, Roger Benny A Sangma and RD Shira.
Other speakers on the occasion included OR Challam, President KKC Jowai, Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary KKC Jowai, and Sienmi Lato, Secretary KKC Jowai.
The floods in Assam have intensified and many districts have been affected by the floods.
Meanwhile, the Court directed the Central and State Governments to file affidavits especially on the condition of the road from Umdud to Zero Point at Bholaganj-Majai Land Custom Station.
Many people say that Prestone is like a prophet, I just prophesied that too,” he said while speaking at an election campaign rally for the NPP candidate in Weilyngkut, Sohiong. this Saturday.
Shillong, Lber 15: The education department of the state government through the MBOSE has allegedly distributed question papers for the students who have passed the matric examination especially On this last day, there will be no distribution of question papers that are not included in the textbook of the Subject Social Science.
At the time of the government's decision, there was hope that it would be implemented soon, as it was approved by all the legislators in the last House, but unfortunately only a few. I have seen that the decision is not right.
“This area used to increase crime from time to time and the arrival of the Barato Outpost will bring peace and order in the village,” said Nujorki and congratulated the leaders. villagers, MLAs, MDCs who have worked hard to establish this outpost.
Ma Sniawbha said that the Government has not yet taken a decision whether to proceed with the railway project.
The opposition MLAs fled the House without returning to the House on Tuesday which is also the last day of the Budget Session.
Looking back at the time when his father (late Purno Agitok Sangma), he started his early education from one of the mission schools in Dalu.
A household where there are many young children understands what they are like.
She said that before the burning of the house during their marriage, she had lodged a complaint against her husband with the police, but after his arrest he was released on bail shortly after.
“This school will be 25 years old and I look forward to your cooperation to develop it so that we can provide education services to the students of the area,” he said.
Two hours after the four HYC leaders stood on the ground, Dr. Mehta came out to console the HYC leaders and apologized for what he had said during the meeting.
The suspect was identified as Md Bulbul Islam, 23, of Pratapur, Goinghat, Sylhet district.
On the following day, police arrested three persons from Laitkor area and seized 277 grams of heroin from them. gram.
The Government has already paid T 22,293 crore to CGST and T 16,286 crore to SGST from IGST. crore for CGST and T 41,826 crore for SGST.In the context of GST revenues, revenue for the month of November 2020 increased by 1.4% from revenue collection in the same month in u last year.
The road was constructed by 12 contractors.
Up to 91.92 per cent (more than 31,000) out of 34,783 voters have completed their five-year term.
The symbol is therefore the kew.
He said that during the CEC meeting, he informed the President of HANM that he should resign temporarily from HANM, because as a party, we need to gain the trust of the people. , as HANM has gained trust in the past, but as this leader has refused to surrender, they have decided to leave the party along with the leaders from various Circles and Units who don't be afraid.
Regarding the 18th Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah Constituency out of the five candidates who have applied for the party ticket, the CEC has decided to nominate Bah Rocky Hek.
Police have admitted that the influx of weapons from groups involved in peace talks with the government and from detained members of other states has increased the number of insurgents in Ri-Lum. Garro.
Pankaj Roy was named Player of the Match.
It took 3 to 5 minutes to finish putting the box in the box.
In the quarter final of the Under-14 men's category, RC Eve Secondary School beat Ïalong Secondary School 1-0
There have been 156 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
Traffic jam has been heavy in Shillong yesterday due to the rally of the candidates, while in Mawlai there has been a heavy traffic jam due to the rally of the independent candidate Bah Banteibor Pathaw.
The question is why didn't the Chief Minister protect the AIG? Shouldn't the Chief Minister have suspended the AIG until he can explain how and on whose order he bought up to 29 unused vehicles? Any Chief Minister who works properly should take an immediate decision to correct and punish those who commit illegal acts especially in the police department which should oversee the implementation of the law.
It looked like the home of the Rngai and the Snaïap at the same time.
Regarding the deterioration of the road in this area, in fact, the PWD department has already taken action to improve it, as this area is close to the PHE office and besides, it is close to the school. Umsning District Secondary School, because from what we have found and seen, is that even the children have been very worried about the deterioration of the road.
The GNLA chairman and three other prisoners were injured and taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
Young people should also avoid bad associations and not spend the night in worldly pleasures or entertainment, they should cherish the precious time so that they will not change later.
Here we have become more aware that our problems are no longer small.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 24: The celebration of World Water Day, 2022 on the theme “Groundwater: Making invisible visible” was organized by the office of the Ministry of Water Resources. The event was very successful with an exhibition by the school children and concluded with a program to celebrate the day at the ground floor of the school. office.
Shillong: The MLA of Mawshynrut constituency who is also the General Secretary of the HSPDP on Tuesday said that the new political party PDF is the last child of the BJP. only after the BJP has spent Rs 133 crore.
On the other hand, Arilind Dkhar and Friday Suna, leaders of the JYF Women Wing, strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement agencies especially the police should investigate the incident and arrest him immediately. the man accused of assaulting the young girl.
Food and accommodation should be provided to those who are found to be foreign workers in their place of residence.
There have been 3,617 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll to 3,22,5
The public facts and deeds are otherwise.
Jones Cedric Goeffrey (62) was arrested on Wednesday morning for allegedly shooting himself to death at a foreign house in the Falkland Islands, Aizawl on the 9th of this month. this month.
“We have reached this point through struggle, I don't see that the HYC will accept our demands,” said Bah Blah.
This day is called “Sap Khoo Spah Day”.
Replying to a question by HSPDP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit regarding the regular grant to schools, Dr Laloo said that according to the decision, nothing has been mentioned about the regular grant.
The JYF has expressed its surprise that the DC East Jaintia Hills has announced that the coke factories without permission should be closed down. coal which has polluted the atmosphere and the surrounding environment.
The Chief Guest in his speech praised the founders of the school, because what they have experienced in the past 25 years is not easy.
Meghalaya will face Arunachal Pradesh again on Saturday.
The former MLAs have also aimed to defeat the incumbent MLA, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui of the United Democratic Party (UDP) from this constituency in the Legislative Assembly elections. next year.
“While the rain is falling, when I have finished drinking, I will go and cut down those trees on the hill and I will send those two men to bring immediately that ratap to put in the tree house.” bthah the menkpa in his house.
The body should not be kept for more than 15 years. If the relatives do not take it within 15 years, the church will take it.
What will happen to other students who want to study at this school if the seats as allocated are not allocated elsewhere and also to the intelligent students who come from the rural areas? It is important that the schools have not tried such a path.
From time to time we hear that we elect only the rich and ignorant of the duty of a legislator.
“The DGP is preparing the requirement list and after that, the Government will create and allocate the jobs.
“We also want to meet with the state government after meeting with the people of Block II to ask the government to take measures to provide security and safety to the people in Block II who have According to the CEM, the Council can put a nar saw on the government by setting a time limit for immediate action against the people of this block. II.Sohra, Naitung 24: Donbok Kharbuli, 42, from Pdeng Shnong, Sohra, has done the most amazing deed which the people of the state have never seen before.
The incident occurred near Buga Dongram village at 11.30 am this morning when the vehicle fell into a 30 meter ditch from the road.
I have sent a draft of the complaint to Bell Kharsati, I asked her if it was enough and she said it was enough.
The foundation stone was laid by Dr. Tuliram Ronghang, CEM of KAAC in the presence of Horensing Bey, MP and Rupsing Teron. , MLA, Avijit Kro, MAC Member, KAAC and other Assam government officials from the Forest Department.
The Executive Committee of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit has also decided to strengthen the party in preparation for the General Election 2018 by holding a general meeting of the party this month. to come.
The Minister also met with the students of Martin Luther Christian University and Indian Institute of Public Service who are working with SMB at the Waste Processing Centre. Khyllep, Commissioner & Secretary Govt.
In his opening remarks, HH Mohrmen explained that the training was sponsored by the MSSDS on the project Supporting Human Capital Development in Meghalaya Package #21 Under SFC.
The owner of it is like a street house, with cupboards to store tar, a Mawpalong to sleep and a place to store expensive things and on the ground floor, there is a panpoh, which is amazing to look at.
At that time, the MLA from Williamnagar said, “Why are you afraid to talk? At that moment Zenith tied the table and said, "Listen, I'm still talking and I'm not afraid at all.
Nongrim Hills opened the scoring through B Swer in the 61st minute while Laban SC opened the scoring through A Krose in the 29th minute.
Shillong Lajong FC, Shillong Lajong FC, have been able to beat Chirag by 5 wickets in the first half of the match. Badondor Marbaniang, Nihaar Manorama, Samchaphrang Lato and Banlamkupar Rynjah scored two goals for Shillong Lajong.
Many times they find him stealing, From the neighborhood; Please don't steal anymore, Forgive me.
In front of the Duwan Kñia where there is “Moo Langdoh” the ceremony was performed by Sangot Paswet in the presence of Sangot Pasubon and Sangot Pakynteiñ. Thanksgiving at this step is good.
“Retired Justice SR Sen has ordered that if you need to remove these people you have to file a Civil Suit.
Shillong, March 12 : U Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, has not yet commented on the peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC. he has not yet said anything until the discussion is over or before any decision is taken.
They also recalled that they have faced a lot of trouble in the past years, because of the deterioration of the road and in the past when they went to Riangdo, they doubted whether they will reach or not, because many times the cars stopped only in the middle of the road.
He said that the project has been funded through the State Planning of the state government.
The injured were rushed to Rongjeng PHC for treatment.
We should not blame only the families living near these rivers for polluting.
Not to sit quietly and be influenced by pleasure or sit by intimidation by any organization or by people who do not look far for the welfare of the people.
The criminal activities of the GNLA have increased and the law and order situation in Garo Hills has deteriorated.
Out of the 40 teams, Wahingdoh are at the bottom of the table with only three points from nine games, after drawing three times and losing seven times.
However, when all these horses are ridden in mankind throughout the world, they will enslave and enslave the souls, hearts and minds until at first glance they look exactly like those who are stupid.
There is also the intention of the Government of India to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) or a law that will apply to the citizens of India and this Act will repeal other laws that are applicable. personal law.
In the U-10 girls' category, Albamary Sohshang, Angelina Jackson, Anrisha Klein, Balasiewdor Pathaw, Bethlyne G Makri, Damika R Lyngdoh, Iba I Hun Kurbah, Joytiful Narlong, Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin, Marqueenless Ramsiej , Intellectual Analyst and Hanse Ritual.
Shillong: A motorcycle (ML-05 P 0238) has caught fire at Barik Point at 8.30 pm this morning.
They beat Mihmyntdu 7-0 on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
This attempt is a failure! Does the government also want to see our children get sick and die from this disease? Does the government listen only to the opinions of these ICCES authorities and ignore the parents? Do not those parents who are also school teachers better understand this danger and the consequences? They should also approve to the State Government that, due to this pandemic, the current situation does not allow us to reopen schools this year and the State Government should issue an order. long according to this suggestion.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9 : The Cabinet meeting today approved the introduction of the Meghalaya Medical Services Recruitment Board (MMSRB) to expedite the recruitment of 500 doctors under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. two- three months.
As for the State team, the team has scored 11 points from five matches.
The family members of the woman have lodged a complaint and the body of the woman has been exhumed today and a case has been filed.
The union is surprised that MeghalayaAgrovet or Amrit has any magic power in it, because even the villages which do not use water from the Umtrew River support this company, until the Union Rangbah Shnong Lum Manik. Raitong rejected the complaint.
Lyngkhoi said that Hoping's value is in the Assam Legislative Assembly, where he was photographed with Chaliha, the Chief Minister of Assam, during his tenure. MLA from Mawtawar to Nongchram, which is the whole of East Khasi Hills.
The VPP demands that the officer should immediately withdraw the show cause notice and in fact he should apologize without any conditions not only to the Principal of the school, but to the public. , because his actions are a violation of the human rights of the people,” said Dr. Batskhem.
It was in 2018 that the MDA Government started taking action to resolve this issue, and now the work is progressing.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1374, 915 in East Khasi Hills, 120 in Ri Bhoi, 31 in West Khasi Hills and 1 in South West Khasi Hills. cases in West Garo Hills District, 25 cases in East Garo Hills District, 97 cases in West Garo Hills District, 144 cases in South Garo Hills District, 22 cases in North Garo Hills District and 8 cases in South Garo Hills District. West Garo Hill District 3 people.
The clearest evidence of this was last night that the residents of the village did not come out to help, even though they knew and saw that there were about five vehicles that had turned over.
“We (the Regional Committee) will send the full report to our respective state governments and both the Chief Ministers will take a decision on this,” he said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) will hold a selection on the 24th and 25th of this month for the junior and sub-junior tournaments to be held in July.
In 2012, the party had demanded from the EJH district authorities to conduct an independent inquiry, but it did not do so.
He added that if the people in the government speak against the government, the people will laugh at them and if they want to leave the government, let them go but all the people in the government have a relationship. and the government, so the people can say whatever they want.
The Cabinet also introduced an amendment to the Meghalaya Court Fees stamp, which allows people to pay online for court fees.
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Our land has fallen into India not by our will but by the arms of India.
As citizens, we should avoid as much as possible violence in any form because it does not bring good.
Following the achievements of these two centres, the Saurmandala Foundation with the support of the Government of Meghalaya will collaborate with Project DEFY to set up 20 more such training centers in rural areas across the state. , which were called the Chief Minister's Youth Centres.
Shillong, March 19: The State Government will make every effort to implement the new salary scale for government employees before the announcement of the elections in the state, which will be held next year
On the other hand, many of the residents of Khliehshnong who have left abroad but when they are no longer in the community or even in the synñiang bynhei, now they remember the village that they came to work in the village to get doh kyndang which means to get land. , but the shano was not found.
Also present on the occasion were Bah S.Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools, Ms. Nadine GBJyrwa, District Out of School Children Coordinator, Mrs. M.S. Iawphniaw, District Pedagogy Coordinator, SSA and others and RJ Baio Red FM who was the conductor of the explanation programme.
“The Government through the Expert Committee has approved only for certain posts of government employees who hold high positions or work in higher positions.
On the other hand, Shinde admitted that Ajit Pawar has worked in political fields to bring about development.
Police have registered a case under Section 302/34 of the IPC and the case has been handed over to SI QE Pala for investigation.
On the 24th of November, I returned to the village in the presence of the village authorities and village officials, and I have now undergone home quarantine.
Sumer, who is also the MDC and EM in charge of Mining and Geology, said the party supports the decision of the Executive Committee (EC) to issue trading license to foreigners under the Trading By Act. Non-Tribal Regulation Act, 1954.
Pawan also alleged that the police have increasingly made allegations against Bernard with the intention of destroying his political future because of the price hike in Tura market.
The union is surprised that the DC has not taken any action against the complaint against the DC and the SP, that they have not punished those who hold political rallies and those who do not have any rights. Donbok Dkhar, President of the party, said in a statement.
He said that the inspection is not only at the level of schools, but at other levels of education whether it is at the higher education level, colleges, universities, as there has been a difference in the behavior. -life of the payment system.
He said that there are 372 textbooks that the MBoSE has introduced in schools from Class I to Class X and among them there are some errors in words or spelling and they will be corrected in the next edition. two.
On the other hand, Bah Firstborn Mannar expressed his gratitude to those who are in dire need of assistance, and believes that this small donation will be a blessing to all those who receive this assistance. .
There are 53 recoveries from the disease.
The two vacancies for Garo will be announced in the Subsequent Recruitment Process.
“5.
