“He said there will be about 6,500 volunteers in the villages and these will help to provide information to the government on incidents and other needs that happen in the villages.
The CoRP leader said that the party opposes the government's decision to award the foreign company to the foreign company. The party does not accept this decision of the government and will continue to oppose.
The Commissioner & Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the award has been in place since
At the same time, there are people, whether in the city or in the countryside, who are not able, who do not have much income, the rich, the poor, the day laborers who earn morning and evening meals, who cannot earn a living. income, when the sick cannot get healing because they are not able and do not have the money to be treated and for them there is no light and heaven is far away.
Then select some for the demo class without students. 40 minutes allotted.
He said that when he went to Umsning PHC, they told him to take him to Lawmali where he was about to give birth because there was no equipment there, but when he reached Lawmali, they gave him a drip and he gave birth.
Due to the lack of reply from the CEM, the Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KHAWA) has decided to continue the strike.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, expressed his regret over the suspension of road maintenance by Assam despite the fact that the area is still entirely part of Meghalaya.
He teaches righteousness in a word according to the teaching of the ancients.
The Minister said that the government has allocated T.3.5 crore for the construction of the road from Mawrang to Rambrai which is about 2.5 km long and announced that the government will upgrade Rambrai. PHC to CHC and this will be opened soon.
The relationship between the Son and the Father is extremely intimate.
Nongpoh, Lber 17: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has postponed the date of the Lok Sabha elections scheduled for Tuesday. The District Magistrate has announced that the Model Code of Conduct has come into force in all parts of Ri Bhoi District.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has tightened the curfew on the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam in which 19 lakh people have not been registered. beaiñ that bar state within the State.
Since 1921, the rule of India...by the Foreign Government has begun to change...Perhaps within 40 years from now, many Indians will take the place of the French...and it is the we must surprise the people to think of our country in relation to that new government...We must no longer sleep.
The match was also hampered by heavy rain, which forced the hosts to shorten it to 10 overs for WKH to chase the target of 61 runs.
The ceremony will be held at the Sohra Sports Stadium.
We should not criticize our brothers and sisters if they are wrong or wrong. We have the right to forgive each other and not to blame each other without finding fault.
On the health sector, the party has promised to set up Maternal and Child Care Centers in all Block to ensure the provision of prenatal and postnatal care and to implement 1000 centres. PHCs and CHCs in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 24: The Union Government has approved the request of the Meghalaya Government to hand over the inquiry to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the shooting death of four persons in Mukroh village. , West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday morning by the Assam Police.
According to a report sent to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) recently, 877 children and 61 mothers have died in Meghalaya during the outbreak of Covid-1 .
Many people including tourists and foreign journalists will attend the festival at Mawphlang.
He said that the purpose of TULBA is to gather together the youth who ride bikers to behave disciplinedly and not to drink alcoholic beverages while riding. Bike and not to drive recklessly by driving their bikes fast on the road and also the most important thing is to contribute to the community to do something for the refugees in need.
They requested the electricity authorities to create ways and means to reduce the electricity bill, so that it will not affect the poor households.
This was stated by Prestone at a meeting in Sohiong.
Therefore, the family demanded that the government should immediately prosecute those policemen who came to take the soul on the night of 13th July 2021 to immediately register a case and hand over the case. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is investigating.
I believe that there will be those who agree with this article, and perhaps there will be those who disagree.
Therefore, the KSU Nongthliew has informed him and also urged the SE Eastern Circle PWD (R) and the Executive Engineer, Shillong South Division PWD (R) and also the Executive Engineer, Shillong South Division. The Contractor who should complete this road should complete it as soon as possible so that the traffic of the passengers will be easier.
“If we say that voting for demand for grants can be done before the reply from the Finance Minister, then the reply of this Minister at the end of the debate on the budget is meaningless,” he said. adding, “I want this house to follow the rules.
In Mairang Constituency, the total number of voters was 39554 including 19451 males and 20103 females while the turnout was 32891 or 83.155%.
The members of the union requested the NPP-led government to provide the necessary facilities to the school before opening it to the public which has been one of the development projects that the Patharkhmah area has been waiting for. so that it will be of benefit and blessing to the people of the area especially the students.
“Even if it happens only once, if someone is injured or loses their life, who will be responsible and if 99 times they try to spread it, it means that the state is no longer in peace,” he said.
The Minister said that the State Government recognizes the position of the police who can act as a security force to fight crime and maintain peace and order.
She said the committee set up by the government has asked the Directorate of Census of the state for this census to know the number of people who speak and write Khasi.
Tomorrow, 01st November, Pynthorlangteiñ will play against Lion Sports & Youth Affairs at 3 pm.
Assam is said to be at risk of floods, which could increase by 25 percent due to climate change.
This fertilizer will take only 14 days to fertilize vegetables, meat and organic fertilizer which can be reused when planting crops from flowers to shrubs and other natural crops. .
In the First Division, Bara Football Club played against Phudbyrnei Sports Club on Saturday. In the end, Bara FC won the first division match. won this game 4-2 goals.
While he was shooting, he said to the villagers who had gathered around the house that if anyone dared to enter the house, they would be killed until they were killed. ryngdang'No one dared to open the door to enter and arrest this person even the VDP Shnong.
According to the statistics, in July 2017 there were 1830 cases with a fine of T.6,04,300 tyngka and in June 2017 there were 1976 cases with a fine of T.6,0 ,63,250 tyngka , in October there were 1564 cases with fines of T.5,95,200 tyngka and in June 2017 there were 1578 cases with fines of T.6, 25,580 tyngka. to T.24,88,330.
There were four matches on this day, in the first match PFR Academy Football Academy beat Mawlai Sports Club 4-1
Looking at the city of Shillong, there are many residents and most of these residents are not Khasi.
The chief guest was the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Boldness L Nongum. Kong D Kharjana, other government officials, Lawyer of the Supreme Court of India and author of the book “Ka Phan Nonglait-A Lady Freedom Fighter of India”. Daniel Stone, Sordar of Nongrmai, S.Nongrang, members of the Lyngdoh Nonglait Kur, students and the people of the area.
They said that if they come to Khliehriat where there is a CHC and other health centres, they have to spend more than 5000 tyngka for the vehicle, medicine and doctor's fees.
However, as the minutes went by, Selajong FT had the first chance to score in the 20th minute through Reson Malngiang and Sheen Sohktung in the 34th minute.
Speaking at the meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong, Nitin Gadkari said that the Central Government has a goal to promote economic development in the North East. It is the road that is the source of income and is also the main road to facilitate other development projects.
When inquired, he said they don't know whose body was buried, but they demand immediately from the district administration to exhume the body.
I will serve the people by participating in the creation of a new Meghalaya where economic development will be sustainable starting from the bottom up, from the rural areas”.
He also congratulated the motorcyclist for taking this step in the long journey.
You can build a house or buy a car with the money you earn.
In another development, it was reported that a person has tested positive for covid 19 at Quality Auto Agency, Keating Road. 1st November 2020, until further notice.
Of course, the schedule is necessary because from time to time there are residents who do not push, but in any case, the schedule should not be too short.
He said that there is a demand for local products and also a knock on the minds of foreign investors but there is also a lack of knowledge and many misconceptions.
Trucks carrying excessive loads have been warned and drivers have been directed to use their own toilets to avoid the spread of Covid-1 Faithful.
On the same day, Bah Paul Lyngdoh also handed over a check of 1 lakh tyngka to the school management.
Speaking on the cultivation of Sohtrun, most of the villages that cultivate Sohtrun are in the Nongpoh area and there are also farmers who have cultivated sohtrun well. which they can support the family.
If asked where would you go? They replied, “I'll call my relative who lives in Shillong”.
The body of Fatima Dkhar was found in the coal mine at Khaw Loom Sait Pathi (Lum Sait Tympew). of the road to drink alcohol with some strangers.
He said the Regional Committees will have to submit their reports by the end of November before holding another review meeting at the level of the two Prime Ministers.
Shillong: A bus number ML10 C 0206, carrying about 40 Dkhars without proper documents from the Labor Department, was seized at 11:30 pm this morning. They were arrested in connection with their intention to work at the Coke Factory in Mynska Shangpung.
You are no longer inferior to other states.
This will be the last match of the first match.
“Regarding the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that not only the Government should pay salaries but also the School Managing Committees (SMCs) should take part in taking this responsibility, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. FASToM said he could not comment on this because as employees they have no right to respond to what the employer should say.
Under – 14 Years (Boys) – must be born on or before 1st July
In Ri Bhoi11, 54 cases in Garo Hills, 9 cases in Jaintia Hills and 24 cases in Tura.
I who have lived in the city understand how important education is.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting between the CEM and the people's leaders as well as the Sengbhalang, the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla said that during the meeting, the people's leaders expressed their desire for development. However, the Sengbhalang does not allow because they believe that the construction of the road is the way to open up the mining of uranium.
He said the members of KHADC are free to express their views on any matter.
“Many people see that there is a basis for me to talk about this instead of giving information for 10-15 years.
In the 70th minute, Fabio Rymbai scored the third goal for St. Petersburg. .Anthony's Higher Secondary School which won the title.
Shillong, July : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday distributed 5,000 tyngka to 50 Self Help Groups in Mawlai, Mawtawar and Mawlai. Umsaw Mawjynrong, 2.50,000 tyngka in total, as part of their assistance in their work.
There is no intention to repeal the order but once again I would like to emphasize that there is no restriction on political parties or candidates to celebrate in their own villages, we are not against their celebrations, " don't say.
Kimtera took three wickets for six runs, Shreya R Marak took three wickets for 10 runs and Mania Sangma took two wickets for 12 runs.
We will take strong action against those who violate the law,” said Bah Syiem.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Science and Technology, Dr Jitendra Singh in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today.
Police have identified the bomb as an intensive explosive device (IED).
In a statement sent by JYF-EJH President John Pala and Secretary Becare Chyrmang, JYF-EJH President John Pala and Secretary Becare Chyrmang said, “According to the photographs and videos seen through the media, The bomb was sympathetic, the kura and the shock of the people without forgiveness like animals, this is the action or speech of these foreigners who also ordered the police to bomb the people with the words of the sword. The union urges the authorities of the company to dismiss these two women and men, which is unacceptable in the society of Hynniewtrep. Arjun Kejriwal and Umesh Kumar, at the same time, the union urges the police to arrest and punish these foreigners so that other foreign employees will not have "In fact, foreign workers are only employees, they don't have any right to own, to kill. The Seng also understands that such a thing should not happen again in the future where foreigners who work in companies should show their power or intimidate if there is any kind of public. At the same time, the union urges the government to take action on this issue.
The Chairman of the School Managing Committee, Bah Hindro Samakha conducted the first speech.
Meanwhile, Tura Cricket Association A won by 77 runs by an innings against TDCA-B in Zone
And these seeds have grown well in this land of Hynniewtrep u Hynniewskum which has been sown by the 'khaitpohjar' in the society of this city and the state for fifty years.
He urged the youth who are still in the middle of their studies, to use their passion for sports to showcase their talents and to remember that education is also very important and that it should be keep up with the readings.
He said that his father along with other leaders have a desire and a vision to lead the people of this state to the best goal but this he said that “It is up to the people of the state to achieve their goals through this MLA election 2018,” he said.
After completing the necessary preparations, the committee sent its recommendation to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on 3rd June in the presence of the EC members of ARPA. I'm Dr. Don.
Mawkhar have also failed to win but are still at the bottom of the points table.
The year 2023 will be a thrilling struggle to watch this political party which flourished in 2018 and died until the end of its term.
On the other hand, he said that the Education Policy has been completed and what remains now is for the government to implement it.
The Butcher Association of Meghalaya (BAM) recently requested the Government to talk to the Assam Government on this issue to ensure that the trucks carrying cows from other States passing through Assam They shall not be allowed to enter the State of Meghalaya.
Rooney will reportedly join former Manchester United team-mate John O'Shea and Ashley Cole, who have had a close relationship. and the former England chess player.
The first match of the team will be the Quarter Final on 20th November, 2023 where PFR will play against Arunachal Pradesh Club at 3 pm,” said Bah Franky. Fruity.
Law enforcement officials are treating the incident as an accident, although there were witnesses who saw the driver of the vehicle that day shouting profanity at They were standing waiting for the bus at that place, before he went to kill them.
Now Bahnah was filled with love for Riia.
Speaking to reporters, the opposition leader, Minister Nongkhlaw, said, “We don't doubt that we will win because according to the law, they have called for the meeting to show their strength and to show their strength. family paid”.
At first, the garbage collectors did not think that there would be the body of the child inside the garbage, but after they had cleaned up all the garbage, they found the body of the newborn child.
Shillong, Nailar 18 : Meghalaya has produced 1.4 lakh metric tonnes of Soh Trun per annum, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said.
Shillong, March 31 : As part of the celebration of National Unity Day on 31st March 2022, the District Sports Officer, Shillong has organized a 5K Run for Unity.
Four students from Jaintia Hills have passed in the results of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations announced on 24th June.
Meanwhile, yesterday, the health officials continued to test the public in Nongpoh and Umsning, where in Nongpoh 201 people were tested negative and all of them tested negative, in Umsning 167 people were tested positive. all of them are negative, which means that they do not have any symptoms of COVID-1
Columbus Hoojon (30) of Umiap, Denis Nongsiej (40), Charles Lyngkhoi (50) of Mawlan (A) and Agros Rani (35) of Mawdiangsnam village have been arrested. Two persons were killed in the heavy gunfire of the Assam Police on Tuesday (14-5-2010) at Langpih Market.
He said that if he wins this election, his goal is to provide adequate services to the people, to bring benefits such as health centres, employment opportunities for the youth and that he shall not discriminate against anyone, but shall deliver all the assistance which the Government has allocated for the villages and the people to the people.
Please remember not to elect them in 2023 if we can't replace them now.
Ronald Koeman has already announced the names of the 26 players for the tournament, but has dropped some of the names to for the four-team tournament which the Netherlands is currently hosting.
In an interview with an elderly Christian, how does he feel about the fact that there have been preachers and teachers who have spoken harshly and critically against Christians who celebrate Christmas because they say that it is not you don't have to write.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 974 with six new deaths on Tuesday.
“It is the lack of responsibility of the government in power and not that the law is too old,” said Bah Hamlet.
The children, led by the teachers who were always nearby to listen and remember the grilling of the judges, responded enthusiastically.
Chief Superintendent of Police GK Iangrai and former DGP R Chandranathan appeared before the Lokayukta on 15th November but the complainant did not appear.
Speaking to media after the meeting with MEMRIWU, the President of MEMRIWU, Bah Roykupar Kharraswai said that the Minister will discuss with the officials in charge of the workers for the purpose of improving the quality of workers. their needs.
She said that government ministers, MLAs are only servants and the people are masters and demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs should resign if he has human feelings to conduct an investigation. free.
The Chief Minister was responding to a question on the strike by the workers of GVK EMRI under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union.
“The 10th Schedule Act is a very complex Act, because even if they have 2/3 members, each party has a provision of the Act that clearly states that they must by preparing the terms of their movement" she added.
Shillong, Nailur 19: Tura MP PA Sangma has invited the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to inaugurate the Dudhnoi-Mendipathar railway line in Garo Hills.
This is the view of the people regarding this employment policy in the State.
Will the snowflakes become the targets of being killed almost all the time by those sword makers just to get their sner to make swords? How differently would knives work if they were made of chicken feathers? What will be done if the cleanliness of the books is lost? Where does the cleanliness of the sky or the langwyrku-sang-khyndew (the woodpecker?) have and hide themselves? Where do the rynñiaw (riahsei) and the jalyeit birds, which sing and dance with their sweet voices (which soothe the minds of us human beings) go to sit and fly? Where are the birds of the sky, the shyrwat, and the birds of the sky? Here and there, the langlit and yiartung (wild cows) went to raise their young.
On the other hand, England cricket star Danielle Wyatt has expressed her regret over the empty stadium on the opening day.
Sohra received 92.4mm, Shillong 26.4mm and Umiam 15.8mm.
U Bah Pateng Marsing, also praised the hard work of the district authorities and the health department, who have worked hard at this time when everyone is in the midst of the pandemic. He also urged the Deputy Commissioner and the police to be more vigilant to check the entry and exit of foreigners inside the gate at 13 Mer Byrnihat.
SP candidate Nagendra Pratap Singh Patel defeated BJP candidate Kaushlendra Singh Patel by 59,613 votes. The ruling party won Yogi Adityanath's seat in Gorakhpur with 21,000 votes.
“There are about 12 or 13 seats which we have prepared well because we reached the final in the last election whether it is MLA or MDC. pt.
This may be due to the lack of village or government law enforcement agencies as well.
Ka Ngap : This is what can be repaired on the skin.
In a tweet posted by the ministry, the ministry has posted a picture of a boat floating on the surface of the river in Meghalaya.
Conrad also directed the staff of the Disaster Management and Revenue Department to gather clear information on the matter.
Nongpoh Police Station has arrested a man accused of involvement in the murder of a man from Erpakon village on the night of 11th June.
There was also a discussion between the chicken farmers and scientists, where they explained in detail how to monitor the chickens during the early stages of raising to reduce mortality.
Speaking to reporters, Sniawbhalang said that people have their own opinions and A, B, C can say anything because it is freedom of speech. but if you fight against it, you may bring unpleasantness.
Pale 15 News.
The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly criticized the state government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister for extending the term of office of the MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) for another six months. GHADC).
Blah has been accused of rape by four women and they said he raped them with indecent words.
Regarding the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state, the CEC and UDP have supported the decision of the state government in the special session held on the 19th of this month. November 2019 when it accepted the decision to implement the ILP in the state.
God has chosen this country and the city of Jerusalem as the Center of the world.
In the Government without discrimination, because we have been involved in food and drink, we have felt like friends and relatives, we have forgotten that we are not from the same party.
Shillong, June 04: “If you are worried only about the fish pond, which is not only 25,000 sqft, how do you think we can resolve the border dispute?” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong. The MoU signed between Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking further at the meeting, he said that it is time for the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to replace the MP from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The construction of the Polo Market at a cost of T.20 crore will be the beginning of this project, but for now the government has postponed it as it is preparing a new plan.
On the other hand, he said that the allocation of land to these people is incomprehensible because it is outside the boundaries of the law and there is no proper explanation from the Government on this matter. .
In the third innings, Bihar scored 247/7 for 17 runs before losing three wickets in four overs.
In order to further enforce the rules and regulations in their respective areas, it is expected that the public, the lyndan, the households and the simpah simsong will take part in any way such as joining hands. In this purpose to translate into the mother tongue, the Khasi language by including the village languages ​​from different regions across the districts of Rilum Khasi and Jaintia with the intention of making the central language The Sohra language will be the native language and the sources of the language may continue to contribute more from the village languages ​​from the south of Bri Hynniewtrep in finding that they are more interesting, more meaningful and more stable in the language. how to speak, write and read words to add more.
The weapons recovered include one LMG Rifle, two AK 56s, one Insas, 30 pistols, 44 SLRs, one AK Magazine, 60 SLR bullets, 7 Walkies. Talkie, 5 solar batteries, a GNLA letterhead and others.
In 2007, she had to leave because of illness.
Regarding the method of selling meat, she said that the meat vendors have already been explained to make a cover or a ïit and the ïit has to be cleaned every day.
Police from Phramer Traffic Cell have rushed to the scene to investigate the incident and at the time of writing of this news, police have not yet arrested the driver.
The child stabbed the woman until she fell to the ground with a stream of blood.
If we lose our meekness, humility and humility we are not His followers.
The day laborers from West and East Jaintia Hills District took this decision at a meeting held recently in Jowai to discuss the problems they face from time to time as day laborers. in schools under the 'PM POSHAN' scheme.
The ceremony was held at the KJP Synod Mihngi HSS on Thursday.
Until yesterday, Apandanka had dismissed about 40 all the batsmen, after yesterday he took 6/40 in 12 overs including the top three bowlers of the opposition. .
Walking to the BJP office, the youths of HITO, sang the song of HITO, in which the Seng does not hesitate, with slogans to condemn the MDA government, for its mistakes and injustices. , in the implementation of khadar administration within the state as a whole.
He said that according to the directive issued by the government, poor women can work from home during the pandemic, but in relation to the people, the department has They cannot work from home but the hospital cannot put them on duty in the Covid ward.
superstationRemember you are not Jesus you cannot do like Jesus.
Therefore, to come to earth he had to become a human being, to become a blood priest, just like a human being.
What is worthy of criticism is the shortsightedness of our predecessors.
In the Ranji Trophy, Puducherry scored 120 runs to improve to 269/7
After that, Tpepswer SSWO also reached the semi final of the tournament by beating Byndihati 1-0
The purpose of this program is part of the urge to the government to improve as much as possible to provide a fully modern garbage dump, at the same time to bring about a cleaner environment. and to avoid diseases caused by stagnant fungus.
What we need to know is where and how they got this Shad.
The Bill streamlines the rules, extends its functions to include Over-the-Top (OTT) programs and digital news, and introduces definitions and rules for emerging technologies.
This disease destroys the stem and weakens the whole plant.
Regarding the attempt to revive the GNLA in Garo Hills, the CM said that several people have been arrested and police are conducting a search operation. thong to arrest the others, and it is certain that they will soon be arrested.
After receiving these two nominations, the Governor of Meghalaya has sent back both the nominations to the State Government for a decision on who will be appointed as MDC. Shillong, 5'lyngkot: Rawon caught 10 kilograms of fish from Wah Umngot in one day.
“Ka seng demands that the Government should register the land of the residents in the border areas, because the Assam Government has proposed to register their land, but the residents have not. “They want to register in Assam so they have come to request the Meghalaya Government to register their land,” he said.
To provide scooty to female students from low income familiesUp to 33 percent of women will be allocated special jobs in all government departments.
(These documents can be obtained from the website of the Department), and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle on Monday met with the Addl DC of West Jaintia Hills District to complain against the Assam Police's interference to stop the construction of the RMSA School in Psiar. .
However, we will not sit idly by and let the Prime Minister implement our demands.
The Minister said that the state government has appointed a retired IAS officer, Bah Peter S Dkhar as the ksiang to lead the peace talks. The President of the HNYF, Bah Sadon Blah will be their leader.
The meeting was led by Ma H Toi, Member Secretary, Yoga Cell in collaboration with the IQAC of the College.
He said that the first SDO of the Civil Sub-Division will also be announced at a meeting to be held at the Umkor-Urksla Sports Stadium.
I will explain to her and I believe she will understand better because she is a religious person.
There is no time for God to wait for man to repent, because the day of the Lord will come like a thief, and God does not want anyone to perish, but for all to perish. come unto repentance” (2 Peter 3:9-10).
In India, 13,586 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours and 336 people have died.
On the other hand, the authorities believe that the Wushu competition in this tournament shows the beginning of the rise and success of the state, the main reason why they said If you look closely at the number of medal winners, you will find that besides these three districts, other youths from other districts did not win the medals. They went home empty-handed because there were men or women who had won their medals.
Shillong, July 5: Thang buli village, about 25 km from Jowai, has been hit by a strong wind and heavy rain.
However, my joy is in the coincidence of the events in connection with the launch of this buskit.
“If the Government is concerned, takes care and understands that this is the way, it can accomplish this task, there is no problem,” said VPP President Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit. Speaking at a protest held at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat on Tuesday.
Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Secretary of Raid Mylliem, Minister MB Kharlukhi briefly explained the history of the Dorbar and the heritage of the area. and they shall not hold the assembly once a year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a meeting with all party leaders before deciding and electing a candidate for the upcoming MP elections. next year.
Wuhan residents say the coronavirus has killed 42,000 people in the city alone, according to the Daily Mail. from provided by Chinese government authorities.
Another issue that KHNAM has expressed its regret is the allegation that Bah Process T Sawkmie has violated the promise they made in front of the statue of Tirot Singh a few days before the start of the MDC elections. KHNAM has acknowledged that the swearing-in ceremony in front of the statue of Tirot Singh should serve the nation and not to divide the party. but to show to the people so that the leaders of KHNAM will be ashamed to form a party because there is no law in the District Council against the formation of a party.
Besides the salary, the government has not provided any other benefits.
The Minister also directed the Principal Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management – ​​Gyanendra Dev Tripathi to take special measures to prepare the NDRF and SDRF personnel in the areas affected by the floods. especially in the Dima Hasao area.
God has renewed Israel from all sides, they are skilled in warfare, they have terrible weapons, they have the greatest knowledge in all aspects, in modern science and technology, and it became one of the World Super Powers.
PC, to ban the passage of any trucks on the village roads, which include the road from Mawmaram-Mawmih-Ladumsaw-Byrwa and to Sumer, as well as the road from Umrit-Umling. or to 20mer, for it shall not be able to hold the cross.
Meanwhile, new candidates will come forward with promises of better service to their predecessors.
In the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy, Meghalaya beat Maharashtra by 474 runs at the Kadapa Stadium in Andhra Pradesh.
Following the successful export of Soh Niamtra known as Khasi Mandarin last year, the Department of Agriculture and Farmer's Welfare of the Government and the Meghalaya Basin Management (MBMA) recently launched the export of Soh Niamtra known as Khasi Mandarin. 1.3 tonnes of Soh Trun has been exported to the Middle East.
On the other hand, these leaders also expressed their deep sorrow and regret over the incident of violence and bloodshed in Manipur since the 3rd of last month.
Speaking to reporters, Jyndiang said that the expulsion of the MDCs and leaders of the party is because they have joined another party without consulting the party. it is against the constitution of the party.
However, Hambertus said that besides the goods on the road, there are still lakhs of tons of goods in front of the crematoria. in the months of June and June and which has not yet been brought to the road and which needs to be transported by four wheel vehicles, which often travel on forest roads.
This means that the state will witness another coalition government in which all the parties of interest will join hands to form a government on the 2nd of October which is the polling day.
Therefore, when Jesus was born under the time of the law, he had to be subject to that law for a while, which is as follows: “And it came to pass on the eighth day, that the time came for circumcision to come. to circumcise Jesus, the name given by the angel before he was conceived in the womb" Luke 2:2
Rachoita Das came first with 477 marks and her classmate Akash Paul came second with 471 marks.
He said that at that time there were also those who saw the incident that the child and his mother were sleeping on the ground, they called the village and immediately tried to help to turn off the electricity but sadly that these two beloved mothers and sons have passed away.
Tura, July 19: Police of Tura Police Station on Tuesday arrested a man for breaking into the Pa Togan Nengminza Athletic Stadium, Tura and damaging several parts of the stadium. sports.
The UDP from Khatarshnong constituency in Sohra, has recently raised the issue, alleging that MLA Gavin M Mylliem of the PDF, has been stingy without working or ordering the supporters of the PDF. support Dr Jemino.
According to the Rule, the temporary suspension of the Rule can be brought by Parliamentary Affairs but since I have already given my decision, my decision is final,” he said.
As usual every year, the cleaning drive was held on the 2nd of March but this day fell on Sunday, so it was scheduled to be held on Thursday 30th.
On the same day, the MLA of Nongpoh also distributed the Work Order for the improvement and expansion of the Dorbar Hall at Umden Manipur in the presence of the Village Leaders, Women. He promised to bring more development projects in the village for the benefit of the people.
In terms of protecting the land of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people, the ADCs are too weak.
On Tuesday, Rahul Bose wrote on Twitter that he has been charged T.442 for two varieties, including GST, which should not be charged. he kites that kait.
“I urge the synsar farmers to be united so that they will not be cheated by the traders and that they should hold on to the price of mur because I know that synsar has its own position in relation to the price. “The first, second and third prices are good and the farmers manage according to the price,” said the Minister of Agriculture.
According to the demands of the UDP, it is understood that the only way to resolve these issues and to strengthen the ARPA is to replace the CEM with another instead of Bah Ardent, who is also the CEM. He said that he does not want to be the cause if the ARPA collapses.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,334, the death toll has risen to 160 and 11 of them died on Tuesday.
The UDP also wants the border between Assam and Meghalaya to be resolved through peace and understanding, by giving and taking from both sides.
Thus, this continues from one year to another and those who are skilled end up wearing stem medals and syrnod without reaching anywhere else.
Speaking on this occasion, Bah Pyniaid said that they don't have time to criticize others and he has no reason to criticize others. , “The argument I believe will not go anywhere”.
However, to preserve the name of Lum Shyllong, the highest mountain in Hynniewtrep, the name of the highest mountain in Hynniewtrep has been changed to Iewduh. (Thursday) 1866.
“They will soon send a report on this to discuss with us and perhaps it will be taken to the Cabinet on how to proceed,” he said.
“Bah Hek is a Minister in the government instead of talking about the affairs of the party, he should in fact look after his department so that the work of the party should go smoothly,” he said. he said.
The driver of the vehicle, admitted that the money, was supposed to pay the wages of the stone workers, who are in some place, but he did not show the documents, which belonged to the stone. payment is not available.
The song is produced by R.Suchiang Music & Art Recording Studio and the make up is done by Klumi Mawrie.
Shillong: U Minister of Electricity, AT Mandal, on Tuesday said that the government has implemented a power outage due to the shortage of water in the rivers in the state.
He said that in 2013, the KHADC had organized the first Monolith Festival to showcase the richness of culture in the fields of dance, music and food and drink.
According to Roles Kariang, Mawlyngbna residents arrested about four or five people from Mawlyngbna while another shot him with a knife in front of him. He said that fortunately at that time one of his fellow farmers (Tyllaw) escaped and went to tell people in the village.
There are those who are angry, there are those who are angry, there are those who are angry, and there are those who are angry.
However, the Vice President of KJBW, said that at present, the price of mur at the cow market in Khanapara is not clear, but it is better compared to the past.
He said that he has received another Rs 5 crore scheme from the NEC for the year 2022-23 and through his struggle, this scheme will last forever and if he becomes an MLA, it will be achieved. The scheme will come true but it will depend on the implementation.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Traffic, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today said that once the Secretariat can be relocated from Old Shillong to New Shillong, it will be released. The traffic jam is about 30-40 percent.
FKJGP War Jaintia Circle President B. Mukhim, General Secretary Kynsai M Khonglah and Marhok Myrboh were present on the occasion.
Every State/District shall be encouraged to establish Bal Bhavans as morning schools, to participate in activities related to arts, entertainment and sports.
For Phramer, Aineh Suchiang and Ebormi Laloo took four wickets each in 7 overs and 5.1 overs respectively.
Shillong: U Ajay Kharhujon, resident of Umeit village, Ribhoi District, has been shot dead by unidentified persons. on 5th November 2023, at Nazareth Hospital Shillong.
In 2018, 14,576 patients were treated, 9,554 were arrested, and 5022 were discharged.
Before concluding his speech, Modi said, “This time, the lotus flower will bloom in Meghalaya.
Bah Synrem said that after the government has appointed them, it has to pay them.
The management of the MG-24 said that the delay was due to the traffic jam due to the visit of the President to inaugurate the MG-2
About 14091.90 hectares of farmland in the affected districts have been flooded.
Philosimai Syiem, Assistant Teacher, Nongkrem Govt.
In a statement, GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Police, said that many people from Narpuh, Shymplong area including EJNC-CEC, HYC, STIEH, KSU, FKJGP and They demanded that their members should be able to take part in the public hearing of the District authorities of East Jaintia Hills; However, as it was not allowed, there was a violence and it led to the use of force to cool down the violence.
This examination is known as the Compartmental Examination which will be held from
Speaking to reporters, Kharkongor said that after receiving the complaint, the District Election Officer (DEO) has sent a Flying Squad to investigate.
Moolamanoh 12 points, KWYWSC 10 points, Thangskai and Rymbai Wahshnong 8 points each.
“It is also appropriate to value the compensation on the basis of the age of the person at the time of death.
According to Bah Rowel, the Act will proceed as usual once it has been approved by the Governor and will come into force only once the government has decided to implement it from that date, regardless of whether the Governor approves it. approved after that date but when it comes into force, it shall be counted from that date.
Nongpoh: KSU Senior President Lambokstarwell Marngar, on the occasion of the renewal of the office bearers of 8 offices of the KSU Nongpoh Circle, stressed on the government's intention to start The KSU will not allow the construction of the railway line in the state and if the government wants the railway line, it should expedite the ILP. The KSU has been opposed to the railway since the 1980s and until now it is still on the basis of opposing the railway line and cannot accept any insults. government.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's delay in completing the Residential School at Mawtari Myrdon village. The government has been leaving the shrah for about 10 years and the leaders of the union have also visited the area in the past few days.
Alcohol also reduces the effectiveness of medicines to maintain blood pressure.
In this regard, we invite and urge all the peace loving citizens to join us in the rally for peace in Manipur, said Bah Lyngdoh.
Criticizing the TMC and other opposition parties for trying to intimidate Christian groups by spreading false information about the BJP, the Union Child Minister said this is the case. Because there are political parties like the TMC which cannot fight against the BJP in the delivery of development projects.
In Ri Bhoi, once there was a famine.
Is this a good job? asked Shira.
They were arrested in a Maruti Alto 800 number plate ML1
She urged the Chief Minister to restrain the police of the state, to exercise their authority and to direct them not to violate the rules in the areas guarded by the army. to bring peace and stability in the state for the benefit of all.
“He also understood that the JNC is ready to take strong action if the State Government does not stop the construction of the railway line to East Jaintia Hills.
If the candidates come to us, the first question should be – Do you have a good idea how to develop this state so that our children can have a brighter future? How do you do that? What do you promise to do to boost income in the state? How can you help provide housing for the homeless? How will you strive to create jobs for the youth? If we dare to ask these questions I believe we will get legislators who will develop our state.
Some have expressed their own views on the bill.
“From the witnesses, we found that when we seized the trucks with the HITO, we found that the amount of money collected was up to Rs 1 lakh for trucks of 14 shaka, 16 shaka carrying up to 60 tonnes. .
This is a good start and with the support of teachers and parents, the students are very happy to receive training through this Ka Lawei programme.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah HDR Lyngdoh, DTO, HF Khongsit, Embhah Syiemlieh, MLA Mawlai Constituency, Erwin Syiem Sutnga and others. and they that came to die with him that day.
Speaking at a public meeting in Ampati, Banerjee said that in this election, the TMC's throwing of shijur flowers does not only mean to defeat the NPP but also to warn them.
The General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah, said, “In fact, it is easy, because it is up to the government whether it will remove the charges or not”.
The Bill was published in the Gazette of Meghalaya on 25th June
The Minister said that during the elections, the handshake was from all sides and not only the BJP, but also other members of the coalition government made many allegations against the NPP and the “But the election has ended and the decision has been taken.
Police have arrested three persons for posting posters against Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on the occasion of his visit to Bengaluru on 18th November. for a meeting of the opposition parties.
It is in this regard that the government has created opportunities to train and train the youth through the education and skills they have to earn a living through the Skill Development Programme.
He said that he has no reason for the resignation of the BJP but as it is now, he said that there is no closeness between the leaders and no He has not been informed about any position in the party and after seeing that the NPP is growing well he will join the NPP next month with his supporters.
If God had obeyed and approved only the wishes of Christians, He would not have given rain to non-Christian areas.
The union has expressed its surprise over the lack of teachers for three months.
Reports said that the talks may take longer as some TMC office bearers do not want to join the BJP, but it is understood that if the four MLAs can take a decision, they will There is no longer any discrimination under the law.
The Chief Guest also spoke on the World Disability Day which is celebrated every year on the 3rd November around the world and urged everyone not to be discouraged. or to discriminate against persons with disabilities and not to violate their rights.
According to Charles, in democracy, any party with the most MLAs holds the Lamphang seat but it doesn't matter if it gets others.
Now, when there is a radbah, the politics of the followers is the most beautiful spectacle.
They worked hard and didn't have any problems.
They will be delivered to the public through the Post Office or BLO. Therefore, the public should take the necessary action in time.
Saleng said that there is no ILP in the state, on the other hand, which can prevent this.
They also confessed to the crime and named Jerome Ch Momin as the person who authorized and ordered them to sell firearms to Sohan.
She said that the government does not want to treat the land in the metor area and other places like the Khasi and this shows that it is the government of the rich which is oppressing the small.
“The rule of the Assembly is that it cannot take any decision alone, but the decision to take is up to its Executive Committee,” said Pastor Phawa.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Stephan Kharkongor (Social & Cultural Secretary HYC-USC), Samla Gee Mawlong (General Secretary HYC-USC). all the drivers and finally received a speech and encouragement from Bah Peter.
This reporter also had the opportunity to meet and talk face to face with four foreign shopkeepers in Iew Shallang including two women who were involved in the robbery. They also shot in the head and confirmed that the allegation against the uniformed SF-10 policemen is true.
Shillong, June 19: The National People's Party (NPP) will announce its candidate for the mid-term elections from Tura constituency on the 22nd of this month.
/ Ephesians 5:25-32.
Why don't they come forward to explain to the people about this excessive electricity shortage? We are confident that the Power Minister and the officials of the Power Department will listen to this complaint of the people and start taking action.
According to Ao, the party has also directed the workers to help those who are in difficulty, who do not get the scheme, even if they are entitled, even to help those who do not have Aadhaar to get the scheme.
There are 801 recoveries and nine deaths, seven in East Khasi Hills, one each in Ribhoi and West Jaintia Hills.
Meanwhile, the BJP and other parties are just misleading the public.
If we look carefully at these questions I have raised above, they are so difficult to think that many of us Christians may not think when we celebrate Christmas we feel that Christmas is the time of Christmas. Christmas and we don't know what Christmas means or what I'm going to do this Christmas? When we look at these days, we lose hope because we are filled with evil, all kinds of troubles and terrible things that darken our lives. The peace and harmony on this earth has increased. As the days go by we don't understand who to blame but even so if we think that the coming of Christmas is to give birth to Jesus who is the King of Peace in the heart and soul Otherwise, it is very difficult to imagine that the world will experience love and peace again through us.
During the investigation into Gupta's murder, Delhi police said that during the preliminary investigation into the incident of extortion and murder, one the man who was accused was arrested.
However, the PDF leaders are disappointed that the Governor has not given any promise to approve the VAB. The CEM said that as it appears from the signs, the Governor will I'll do it quickly.
“I don't want my pictures to be in your offices, because the President is not a famous person, or a beautiful painting.
The workers also said that if the government does not fulfill its promise, they can hold hunger strikes.
According to the announcement, the Aadhaar registration is for NFSA (PHH and AAY) ration recipients.
Shillong, Naitung 13: Maw U-Tieng SC have improved to three points in Group B of the Shillong Sports Association's Women's League The girls of Synroplang 77 scored three points for the first time.
Regarding the stoning of fire trucks, the police strongly condemned the robbers and said that as it is now, it is necessary for the state government through the relevant department to, That the fire brigade should be set up in Shahlang to provide relief to the people if they need it in any emergency especially in such cases of fire.
This video was uploaded by the Jaintia Students Union (JSU).
The death toll is 10 from West Jaintia Hills, 03 from West Jaintia Hills, 02 from East Khasi Hills and 1 each from East Garo Hills and 1 each from West Khasi Hills.
To reach Nongkhnum from Nongstoin, you have to take a car through a small stream called Phod Byrtud and Phod Kynthei.
Screening times The film will be shown from 11:30 pm, 2 pm, 5 pm and 7 pm.
When asked why the UDP has confirmed Bah Bindo as MDC in KHADC after he contested against Bah Lambor Malngiang, Pretty said the UDP does not want to remove Bah Bindo immediately. Although he contested against the UDP candidate, the UDP has accepted Bah Bindo as his father because he is the oldest.
The recent heavy rainfall has damaged the pavement and required urgent repairs.
The suspect was identified as Chungkhomang Kipgen, a resident of New Keithelmanbi, Imphal West district.
Jowai: The Tlang Dorbar of the JHADC will be held today at 11 am.
Unfortunately, after the death of Dollip Singh, although the appointment was according to the Khasi custom, he was appointed Sirdar.
If the government does not implement the MCCL, the Hima will find ways how to implement the land for the benefit of the Hima and the people.
He said that there are 74 households affected by the project but the impact is not that all the households will be affected, but only a few areas will be affected by the project.
Nongstoiñ: After two nights of arrest, Artingwell Kharsanglein, who was arrested by the Assam Police on Saturday, has been released on charges of arson. Nepali households in Langpih area.
“At the same time, he said that now Bah Teibor is in the same power with them and they don't have to sdien at the gate of the bus.
Some foreigners have fled to the forest after hearing about our raid and members of the party went to look for them but could not find them and took their bags.
He said that if the people elect him, he will be a leader and not a leader.
In the first half, Combined FC scored the first goal which Mawlyndep FC converted to make the match 1-1
Ridaroy Shadap, resident of Khlieh Tyrshi, said that she had been married to the OC, Lumlang Lyngkhoi and had a child with him. he did not feed and did not provide for his household.
No matter how much they teach and discipline him, he remains the same.
During the inspection, after finding these foreigners without permits, the union strongly warned these foreigners, that they should leave the area and that they should first provide themselves with documents. to the court that sla.
I have shown in the article on rice that the drug obtained from this plant can be used to kill the rice-eating insect.
The tournament will start at Kolkata's Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan (VYBK) where Bangladesh Army Football Team (BAFT) and Indian Super League (ISL) champions Mohun Bagan Super Giant (MBSG) will face each other first. .
The Jal Jeevan Mission is not just a program for livelihoods.
The incident took place in the area of ​​Dassal Mehari village in Rajouri, army officials said.
The Minister talked to the farmers in the area and praised their hard work in farming without the use of chemicals.
Growth comes from clean, accountable governance, which puts the welfare of the poor first and foremost from policies that benefit the people of the country.
This means that the allocation of funds under the scheme for the years 2022-23 and 2023-2
The world is now in a state of shock due to the lockdown due to this disease which has claimed thousands of lives.
He also urged them to do this work quickly.
The Sordar, Bah Phelin Rynjah, said that the Fete will be a revenue collection from the people by giving them the opportunity to contribute money through their own interests (Indirect Tax).
He said that the pace of economic growth in India depends on the ability to strengthen these four pillars of growth.
UDP Vice President Allantry FDkhar has alleged that the BJP has used the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) as an election issue to win the elections. the votes of the paid citizens of the state.
This means that the winner is the winner because she has been able to fulfill her promise before the law.
The postal address/ E-mail ID/ Contact mobile number should be clearly mentioned in the application form.
Shillong, July 15 : U Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday denied the allegations that there is any delay in the construction of the College building at Patharkhmah Model Degree College, Ri Bhoi District. The incident occurred in the area next to the College Building.
After 18/4, Meghalaya were reduced to 44/7 but Vidarbha had no hope of finishing but Christopher and Ram Gurung played well together. they scored 98 runs for the fifth wicket.
Throughout the day, the Sengbhalang leaders and together with the village leaders visited the area where these Bangladeshis live known as Panbari Village to collect information from the elders who have come to live there since these days. In the middle of the conversation, an elderly man showed the documents authorized by the Syiem of Hima Khyriem and that these people used to go to renew these documents. Every year to the King of the Hima Khyriem, said the old man.
“For the first time, we have suggested to the government to create the mechanisms to resolve the issue, because Assam and Meghalaya are still in the same country and it is their wisdom to create the opportunities in this regard," he added.
According to Benus Sungoh, BRO ARSS Infrastructure Project LMT, who is constructing the road, the incident happened at 9 pm when Bokstar, a labor instructor, was involved in the incident. Sungoh said that they have visited the workers at the site.
“If they change the Building Bye Laws according to the wishes of the District Council, we will set up a Building Bye Laws Committee, but they have not changed their minds. said Pynshngaiñ N Syiem at a meeting of the PDF while campaigning for the party's candidate from Mylliem, Hamlet Dohling.
The border villages met with stones.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that as a party that respects the Constitution of the country and the principles of law and order, it strongly condemns the killing of I have seen a farmer in Mawlai Mawroh in the past few days.
We are looking forward to winning the trophy and we are looking forward to playing well,” he added.
In the video released on 28-08-2023, I heard the speech of this trader to the leaders of the union on the grounds that the HFU wants to abolish the 'Jingot kilo' of agricultural products, which was accepted by the the State Government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
She also urged the court to direct the CBI to investigate more quickly in due course.
Nongpoh: Regarding the riots that happened on Saturday inside the khwai competition in Nongbah Myrdon, the Rawon who took part in the khwai donkha competition, said that the cause of the riots was The competition was suspended immediately after the allegation that there were no fish in one of the ponds, the allegation that there were dead fish and so on. also because there were some Rawon who had already left to stay at the venue where the competition was held.
Many of the speakers congratulated u Lahkmen Rymbui for winning the election and also welcomed all the Units in the 7-Amlarem Constituency from the smallest to the largest Village Units. They should continue to unite to remove any feelings and to work together because this victory of Bah Lahkmen Rymbui is the destiny of all the supporters of the UDP 7-Amlarem Constituency.
The song was recorded and edited by Nald.
Shillong: The HiTO has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the issuance of an order. 90-A dated 23-05-2024.
Regarding the licenses, Bah Ardent said that no foreigner can get a Trading License without the approval of the District Council even if they get the NOC from the village.
Shillong, June 08: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam to resolve the border issue is against the Instrument of Accession. & Annexed Agreement.
The District authorities, Hima authorities and the District Council should check according to the location whether those 11 villages are still villages under the Hima Khasi or within the District West Khasi Hills. Assam only because of their religious beliefs.
Regarding the promise from the Joint Director of Agriculture, Donbok Dkhar said that the Joint Secretary has promised to the union to look into this and the Meghalaya government is waiting for the approval of the union. Government of India on the demands of the farmers of the state.
“We are very confident that we will win and win a lot.
Besides, TUR said that the government should increase the salaries of the workers if it intends to amend the Labor Act and the government should make laws to help the workers and not just to benefit the companies.
The induction ceremony was held to mark the birth anniversary of Pandit Shyam Prasad Mookhejee.
Khliehriat, July 15: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat in a statement sent to us has announced that according to letters No. 38/2 DMR/MM/843/2020/Vol-I/123, Dated 4th May, 2022 written to all those Coal Owners whose names appear in the Coal Inventory List and in the Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks. The meeting was prepared by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehiriat and approved by the Supreme Court.
These are some of the issues that have been marked or marked just to get attention.
He also urged all the members, especially the members of the CEC, to be Rangbah, strong soldiers, to fight for the country and the nation.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the decision to extend the rules laid down by the government is due to the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state.
The price of diesel has risen to T.61.74 per liter and in Mumbai, it is now T.65.74 per litre.
If you can't do that, you won't be able to do anything.
They don't know that apart from the hands of their parents, they are just like children who are turned away and exploited by the exploiters who are influential in our society.
According to the NLM programme, 5 lakh volunteers, school children, scouts & guides, NSS volunteers, people from civil society, trade and political organizations will participate. – sima, civil society and other organizations in the struggle for education.
My request is to have a strong sense of purpose to choose life,” said the Governor.
Bihar lost four wickets in 16 overs and scored 92/4
Meanwhile, in Ri Khaiñ, there is a cooperation between 15 Ann and 10 Ann.
From the first daughter “Ka Rupatong” came the kings of the Khadsawphra Hima; while from the second daughter “Ka Rupanga” came the kings of Sutnga (Jaintia). “The Lion's Chord”.
“When I looked closely, I saw that not only medicine was needed, but also sacrifice and I took him to Bah David Lamin, who lives in Nongshyrngan,” said Bah Malngiang, who takes care of himself.
After the march, a short meeting was held in which all the speakers from the Waheh Shnongs of these four villages and members of the EJNC expressed their anger over the neglect of the road without construction for 15 years.
“A Magistrate's Inquiry has been appointed by the Deputy Commissioner and we expect to receive a detailed report within 45 days,” said Sanjay Goyal.
Thousands of Englishmen have lined up to form a chain on the Scottish border to show their support for the unification of the United Kingdom ahead of the referendum. public, by voting, on Friday, next.
If there be gods that judge righteously, they will not believe how much you worship them, but they will accept you because you have lived a good life.
Vehicles carrying essential items, Security Forces, Medical Equipment's are allowed to pass but the drivers and passengers of the vehicles will have to undergo medical screening according to the rules.
BJP leaders in Meghalaya have protested against Bah Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang for making unfounded accusations against the President of the BJP in the state, Bah Ernest Mawrie. that he runs away from two political parties in less than a year for his own personal political gain, and it never ends for him to look for greener pastures.
On the other hand, the clothes vendors said that the Municipal Department will take immediate action to complete the site so that they can sell clothes, as they have not been able to sell clothes for 10 months. , the clothing retailers added.
“We need to work together and we have also seen other organizations calling for peace.
The reason is that Meghalaya has very little revenue collection.
Customize:Khasi women now have long hair like men, while men have long hair like women.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) in an emergency meeting held today, 11th July, 2021, expressed its deep sorrow over the The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has warned the media for their inability to publish the HNLC's curfew calls from time to time.
The Cherry Blossom Festival will be held on the 17th, 18th and 19th (Sunday) in Bhoirymbong, Ri Bhoi District.
This was announced by the President, Bah B.Kharlor.
Services are currently top of Group-A with nine points from four games, while Goa (8 points), Kerala (7 points) and Assam (6 points) You have been in the second, third and fourth places.
In the past few years, the poverty has increased!!!!The rich have lost their MLUH (at the time of the rise in the price of milk).
This is according to a statement sent by the President of SHG Lummawkong.
This will bring about clean services and efficient implementation of the One Nation One Ration Card System in our state and India as a whole.
During the search, 58 boxes of heroin weighing 609 grams and worth T.5 crore 50 lakh were recovered from the vehicle.
The party has also distributed leaflets to the people on the rules of the mining policy,” said Sambormi.
The total amount is Rs 227 crore.
The Prime Minister and the Prime Minister of foreign countries in the past have been poor and have not become rich even after retiring from the post of Prime Minister.
After inaugurating the new BJP office in Tamil Nadu, he said the BJP will fight against the inherited politics, parties like DMK, TMC and BRS in Tamil Nadu. State of Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Telangana.
Other goals for Them Rangskhen included I.Kharbuli (20, 24, 31min), N.Kharphuli (25, 26min) and J.Kharphuli (33min).
The union also vows to increase the infiltration of foreigners in the villages and townships and to take strong action and the union also directs that from now on especially the foreigners should learn to respect and behave properly. JNC Jalaphet Unit Vice President Phrangsngi Chyrmang said that the JNC Jalaphet Unit has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country.
The hearing of the complaint is still ongoing.
He said that this method of giving such medicines should be inherited from their children or other people who have the skills to give such medicines. to bring healing to the people.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar has suggested to set up a peace committee to bring peace and order in Khanduli village, West Jaintia Hills District.
After the reduction of Behdieñkhlam in the past two years due to the outbreak of COVID-19, this time the people especially the Niamtre believers have come out to participate in the Behdieñkhlam which started on the 19th of this month. month.
However, in the opinion of the justice, the matter has been postponed to November 13, 2023 for future hearings,” said the Meghalaya High Court.
In fact, they should have arranged with other district authorities to set up lines to other districts so that they do not reach only one district in Ri-Bhoi but it is because they have not taken action that this will happen. , said Dr. Mawthoh.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 01: The Expenditure Observer of West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin today met with the Election Commission of India (ECI) under the leadership of Bah Garod LSN Dykes. The meeting was attended by ROs, AROs, Magistrates, Flying Squad Teams, Static Surveillance Teams, Video Surveillance Teams, Assistant Expenditure Observers, Accounting Teams and others at the Conference Hall DC Office, Nongstoiñ.
“The NPP will no longer have a role in the government in Manipur.
The question is what areas are still being examined by the Indian government if it is the ILP,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
He said that Aadhar is also the power to bring about transparency and correct fraud in the kha-dar administration so that the people can get the best.
The two groups appealed to the public not to be misled by the news whether in Shillong or Guwahati.
Regarding this tragic incident, especially the death of people and the burning of churches, houses and the lack of peace and order, the Catholic Church of Nongstoin Diocese, The Bishop of Nongstoin, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, Fathers, Sisters, School Students, Teachers and many others were present. public.
“However, on arrival at the hospital, the Medical Officer announced that all four prisoners died before reaching the hospital,” he said.
The Rangbah Shnong of Harlibagan, Bah Sisten Nongrum, was confirmed today at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Harlibagan. Nongkyrla, Bah Phrangsngi Syngkli, Bah William Mynsong, Minister of Namsaw, Bah H. Namsaw, elders and residents of Harlibagan Village.
This school is one of the oldest buildings in Shillong which was built after the school was founded in
For girls under 10 years of age, the state government will take care of them in government health centres, where their education will be funded.
According to information received by Rupang, Shylla has sent the application to the UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy.
Speaking on the problem of youth in getting jobs, he said that the youth who have applied for the post of Police have been running since 2019, but the results will be announced in
comments without knowing the source of these rules...forget to comment against anyone without knowing.
“The destiny of the country is decided by the people through democratic participation.
Other dignitaries who will attend the function include Rev. Hilarius Lamare (Diocesan Administrator), Stephanson Mukhim (Local MLA), Justine Dkhar (Parliamentary Secretary i/c Education), Holando Lamin (Local MDC), PS Dkhar (DC, WJH) and others.
The union said that it wants to have a Nabodaya School in the district to open up opportunities for the poor children.
Political scientists, such as George Catlin, Hans Eulan and Paul Janet, acknowledge that politics is related to politics or politics.
They can also cure rheumatism, rashes on the body and facial rashes caused by bacteria that affect your health.
The meeting agreed to allow the farmers of Khanduli to resume their farming after the landowners have submitted their land title deeds to the Waheh Shnongs of Karbi villages. have.
Therefore, from now on, the government should have thoroughly examined any plant and seed varieties before distributing them to the public otherwise it will not bring any benefit.
The signatories of the meeting were neither members of the Executive Committee of the village nor Rangbah but were elected from 19 households including Kliarbha Sana and his wife. Rolin Phawa and his wife Banni Surong and their son Hemi Surong, Tan Pamthied and his wife Khraw Tariang and their son u Return Pamthied.
The Minister also spoke to three Block Level Officers.
Shillong was also the capital of Assam and is now the capital of the state. This city has been in existence for 146 years.
“In the past years before the RTI, government officials used to hide information when they applied but the RTI has changed the way they can't deny it because it is the law,” he said. said.
Nongpoh: After receiving information that there has been a slow recruitment of jobs in the Integrated Child Development Service (ICDS) of the Social Welfare Department of Ri Bhoi, Saiden Nongpoh, today. Circle, have met with the Child Development & Project Officer at the site, to inquire about the job creation.
The ceremony was inaugurated by the Minister of Arts and Culture/Health, Bah AL Hek as the chief guest and Bah Titos Chyne as the chief guest.
Replying to a question whether this is possible because Meghalaya has its own house in Delhi, the CEM of GHADC said that if the Bodoland Territorial Council and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council have their own house, even if Assam has its own house. Shillong: Mylliem MDC and Congress Leader Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party strongly opposes the MoU signed between Meghalaya and Assam. Meghalaya has not sought the approval of the Hima authorities, the village authorities and the people.
SK Living FC won a cash prize of T.1.20 lakh and a trophy while Ri Bhoi United FC won a cash prize of T.60,000 and a trophy.
“This is a wonderful opportunity and through cooperation we can continue to improve.
Shillong: UDP Chief Advisor Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that the delay in the central government's approval for the implementation of the Inner Line Petmit in Meghalaya is due to the lack of There are no intelligent leaders in the state who are outside the Government.
The match has been reduced to 28 overs for both teams, which means that the duo needs to score the same or more runs from seven balls per over.
He is a hard worker and has a good spirit of helping the poor.
“We demand that MeECL should have an IT wing to work alone and hand it over to our engineers, and before 1st June 2025, we will get a billing system,” he said. It is up to us to take action to curb these actions of the government and management, as it is necessary to deploy more staff to provide full service,” he said.
The proposal to introduce changes in the election known as One Nation, One Election has caused many to be concerned as it seriously affects the rule of law in the country.
The Cabinet also approved the establishment of the State Water Informatics Center under the supervision of the Water Resources Department.
Shillong, November 13 : The Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) today expressed her leadership by respecting all religions. She has set an example by taking part in the Christmas celebration with the Khunswet children at the Peace and Goodwill Concert organized by the TMC at Windermere Resort, Shillong in the presence of TMC leaders. from the state, religious leaders, Rangbah Shnongs, Waheh Shnongs from all over the villages of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“Before the Prakash Prayer, which is usually held at 3 pm, he removed the cover of the holy book and disrespected the newspaper, or Pothi Sahib,” said the Nihaangs.
The MLA also distributed tablets or Chief Minister Digital Learning Aids to the students who have passed well in various examinations as a sign of encouragement to them and to be successful in education.
“We have set a target to complete about 6.6 lakh houses by June next year.
In the first leg, Mookyrdup beat Sohmynting Dongneiñ 5-0 to win the title, while Missile Bareh scored the goals for Mookyrdup. In the 13th minute, one goal was scored in the 34th minute, while Dennis Passah scored two goals in the 37th & 39th minutes. The last goal came from Nidaiar Kamar in the 68th minute.
In 1985, during the reign of Rajiv Gandhi as PM of India, Hiteswar Saikia as CM of Assam and Capt.
However, on the other hand, the Chairman felt that the ILP protest in the state could affect the Congress in the MP and MDC elections. MPCC President Deborah Marak said that non-Congress parties have tried to stir up trouble on the ILP issue against the Congress-led government but this will not affect anything. I hope that the people will vote for the Congress.
He said the rules, laws and policies were made inside the House and not on the streets.
In another match played at the Sovima Cricket Ground, Mizoram, which won the toss and elected to bat first, allowed Sikkim to bat first and scored 136 runs.
In English, corruption is known as 'corruption'
I Mei I shop in the market..." Rida said. “Oh, how... Since when did my father die...?" The Principal asked again, “It hasn't been a year yet, Sir.
The drugs seized came from Mizoram and were hidden in the parts of the vehicle.
There were also 26 civilians abducted.
“Ka seng demands an immediate apology from the youth of Ri Khasi because we are not those people who take up arms. He has created such a place here in Ri Khasi which is the country of Tip Man and Tip God.
He said that in fact, if the tower at Ktiehthawïar has been completed and implemented, it will have been of great benefit to the people especially to the border villages, because if there are any incidents such as riots or Assam government personnel can immediately inform the government authorities at the same time, as the tower can operate in the entire area.
Arunachal Pradesh, on the other hand, beat Mizoram 3-1 today to top Group 2, while Mizoram is the other group. to qualify for the semi-finals.
He also informed that the company will have to distribute snow to the lower parts of the bridge to install new dewbilat to strengthen the bridge so that it will be safe for the passengers.
Kiki said that with the misinterpretation of the word ‘no more’ the family members in a hurry misplaced the body to the point of causing chaos in the family.
Kerala scored 158/3 in 20 overs.
The world will come to doubt their character when it sees them, that they begin to slow down or that they begin to walk in such places.
One hundred and fifty years ago Thomas Jones sowed not only the seeds of the Christian faith, but especially the seeds of righteousness and justice.
It can also be said that the holding of these sports festivals every year ends only in those schools because there are no people from the department who go to see or select and register the talented players.
Earlier, it was reported that the NPP had handed over to PA Sangma's house to nominate a candidate for the mid-term elections from Tura.
In his speech, Donald V Thabah General Secretary KSU Sengkmie stressed that the 443km border between India and Bangladesh has allowed these refugees to enter Meghalaya safely.
It is said that we used to hold this shad from one village to another within the raid and any village that has arranged to hold Shad Lakhompong according to the custom of that village holds this shad. Nongkhynraw started in the short month of Shad Lakhompong. There were two chiefs, two women slaves and two phongkri. They led the Shad Lakhompong. they called the children male and female.
The VPP won four seats in this election.
He said that the total number of cow sellers (owners) in Rilum Khasi will not be less than 260 to 300 and each owner will cut about 4 to 5 cows per day. and the cow is less than 35,000 tyngka.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The bye-election for the 59-Chokpot Assembly Constituency will be held on the 27th of this month. July 1, 2015.
After the state government handed over to the Riti Academy Union for the construction of a khilon and a statue at the entrance of the State Central Library, the head of the Deiriti and Mattithaw departments (Arts & Culture Department), Bah FR Kharkongor has asked Bah Raphael Warjri for the erection of the statues of the heroes of the freedom struggle, Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Nengminza. Try.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ardent M Basaiawmoit said that as of now, there is no clarity whether Reming has fled or not. “We have to understand that when we are friends, we have to work for the benefit of the Alliance. “It's a good idea to look at what we have to do to get the Alliance,” said Ardent.
The JNC said that the Residential School was sanctioned in April 2015 and the building has been completed within 24 months. The Teachers Training Center was sanctioned in 2016 and The buildings have been completed, but the sad thing is that until now these projects have not been implemented and they have been left alone.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo today issued an order that all shops, commercial vehicles, shops or any other place of business. They must follow the order of the Meghalaya High Court to provide clear information whether they have been injected or not and they must also write clearly in front of shops or on their vehicles. those who have received the injection and those who have not yet received the injection should also write clearly that they have not received the injection.
Besides, eight incumbent Congress MLAs have lost their tickets.
Therefore, to gain the trust and confidence of them in the upcoming MDC and MP elections in 2014, the MUA-II Government has distributed these tablets so that they can encourage them. to vote for any candidate nominated by the Congress Party.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District on Monday, after receiving a report that some children have contracted ice cream from eating ice cream, has sent for testing to ensure that these ice creams are not infected with COVID-1 ice cream.
If they have the opportunity, they will go every day or every weekend.
It takes up to 14 days for symptoms to appear or not to appear, so please make sure you take care of yourself and others and also to protect others and your community.
Those who do not have compassion for their fellow human beings are not followers of Jesus.
Shillong: Out of the 109 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 78 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and out of these, 63 cases have been confirmed. These include 10 high risk contacts from the Armed Forces, 2 cases of Influenza Like Illness (ILI), 1 case of SARI cases and 2 cases of health workers.
The nine ULFA militants, who were recently surrendered to police, were well-trained in Pakistan, the report said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP MLA from Nongthymmai, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, admitted that it is true that the Congress has urged the UDP to form a government this time. a stable government.
Furthermore, the family members of the victims said that they had to be with him when he left the house at the time of his illness. They let him go and did not go to accompany him, as in all the times when he went wherever he went, he came back.
After his death, many members of the rebels came to surrender.
Colombo: Catholics are continuing their religious services at home for fear of another bomb blast.
Under the leadership of President Domayan Skhemiew, they on Friday met with the management of Adsan Mahindra and demanded that the advertisement should be immediately removed. 'Brothers.
On the other hand, the Government authorities have also tried to explain the signboard erection which has been arranged by the Government through Parliament from Muktapur to Jaliakhola.
These are the names of Tarson Lymba and Ebakordor Nongpluh.
Three persons have been arrested in connection with the incident and are undergoing further investigation.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has decided to distribute medicines to all the villages under the leadership of the Village Defense Party (VDP) and the Village COVID-19 Management Committee of Panaliar Village.
Mickey Marngar scored 31 runs off 33 balls and Daowan Passah 13 runs off 23 balls.
Bajop Pyngrope, Secretary NPP and NPYF, said that the TMC manifesto is nothing but empty promises without any basis and has no intention of changing in the states including from Meghalaya.
Shillong: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the UDP should contest from Shillong while the NPP should contest from Tura parliamentary constituency next year.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 8,165 and the number of infections to 80,5
The Reservation Policy or the special allocation for employment has turned into a source of income for the youth when less than 40% of the population has been shrut and knieh. and Jaintia, while the Garo population is still more likely to get up to 40%.
For the families who have lost loved ones to this disease, to receive comfort in their hearts and souls through the Holy Spirit of God.
They live their days in search of ways, inventions, and ways to solve problems in society.
The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC), Sutnga Elaka has expressed its deep regret and alleged that the Chief Minister as Head of State Government has refused to meet with them even after they have given a letter or set a date or appointment to meet with him. for sha for.
“So far, these 31 candidates have already been confirmed to contest from the NPP. Discussions are ongoing with some of them, maybe soon we will know how many candidates will contest from the party. “said one of the NPP leaders who did not want to be named.
He said that it is an encouragement to the development of the country led by the women.
There is no intention to remove the chairman in the upcoming dorbar,” said Dy CEM Bah PT Sawkmie.
They said that when they received the two question papers, they asked the inspectors which of them they should write and they told them that they should try both the papers. However, it was only an hour and a half after they said that one of the question papers was wrong and that they should not write that the students who started writing the wrong questions first wasted their time, but still they tried their best to be able to finish in the time limit of just one and a half hours.
Gavin said the incident at Mukroh will delay the settlement of the boundary in the second phase or phase-II, and this will affect the state.
The MPs, carrying placards reading 'Satyamev Jayate' and 'Save Democracy', marched to Vijay Chowk and gathered.
Bah SD Kongwir, former MLA from Mawlai, has just told me, while I am writing this article, that in 1997, Bahdeng Shylla told him not to contest elections anymore and to go and preach. noh is the work of God.
“We may be old, but the songs are still young and we are very happy,” said the singers.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Prestone said, “The relocation will have to happen if you ask me whether the Government will implement the proposal, because the proposal is clear. well and as I said from the first day we will go straight ahead.
The film stars Kajol, Saif Ali Khan, Pankaj Tripathi and Sharad Kelkar.
Mawkhiew, Leader of the HSPDP, said this while campaigning for the RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin in Ïewrynghep, Raid Ryngi constituency on Saturday.
“He is cruel, fierce, arrogant, and deceitful.
According to the video, a conversation between Bah Bless Dkhar and a man who did not identify himself as a trader was heard to arrange for the movement of trucks carrying goods through the bridge. He spoke clearly and asked for up to T.1500 from one truck to release them so that they could pass through.
If you don't have any questions, please contact Bah Teinwel as Chairman of the Council.
What are the side effects of Covid 19? And for how long will they last? a.
The tire is 10 feet outside and will be covered with khohwah.
Other sources said that the Indian government intends to evacuate all Indians abroad when the curfew ends on 3rd June
“It's just an inspection without any results,” said Bah Korbar.
However, EKH lost three wickets and scored only five runs to reach 107/8
Bersusconi reportedly wanted to release the photograph as a sign to his ex-wife that he too has not been deprived of a new love.
The MLA said he has already written to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya and the Human Rights Commission regarding the incident.
“In fact, we should have considered the synroplang candidate but we have seen in the media that the Congress party has already announced its candidate for the Lok Sabha MP election,” he said.
They were handed over to the Jhalupara Outpost Police Station and the police promised to take them to the Civil Hospital for Covid Test.
At the same time, Paul said that the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state will not affect the tourism industry.
He said that the militants had fled to the other side of the Simsang River and were hiding in the forests of Sampalgre village.
Since 2014, the government has spent T.14,009 crore to develop higher education in the North East.
The event was filled with children's songs, cake cutting and other programs in the presence of the children and parents who attended the meeting.
On the other hand, he urged the Police Department of the district to take action and implement the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) to curb such activities. Unlike other places where we have seen that the number of arrests of drug users and traffickers is very high but here in South West Khasi Hills District it is less but the number of drug users has increased.
The highest inflation rate was recorded in January 2014, at 8.33 percent.
Earlier, Jesus said, “Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature” (Mark 16:15).
The money has been spent in the billions but their contributions have not been revealed.
Besides this, there will also be a traditional song competition for the singers within the Mairang Civil Sub Division.
The Director General of Police has directed the CID to investigate into the incident.
It is understood that Trump has taken personal responsibility for the pastor's imprisonment and talked to the Indian government after the pastor was arrested last April on charges of smuggling The maximum amount of money was USD 40,000 and he did not disclose it.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Police in East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday night seized 1538.8 liters of beer, 43775 liters of IMFL and 270 liters of pyrsi from various parts of the country. sold illegally and these drugs were destroyed at the seized premises.
After this, Ahamed was able to lead the team and scored many runs, especially from Charm, who conceded 54 runs in just 5 overs.
Shillong, March 11: The Shelter Home for Girl, SOS, Children's Day was celebrated in Shillong today. Umiam, Anne Marga Reth Barr, Kharang, East Khasi Hills, AW Thomas Children's Home, Shillong and St. Marys Convent Orphanage, Shillong.
In the past when fares went up, they only went up 10 or 20 at a time.
According to sources, the UDP is now preparing to elect a new President and the candidates include three Working Presidents Bah Bindo M Lanong. , Mr. Paul Lyngdoh and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh.
When asked why the market has declined so much this year, he said, “It is because of the new currency exchange rate,” said a foreigner who sells juti at Bhutia Market.
There are about 4 boats or boats that are still in operation while others are completely damaged including the steering and one ride is 5 minutes and one large one carries 11 people while the smaller ones carry 3 people.
In fact, the DCs, Magistrates, IAS, IPS should be in the middle or should not be discriminated against, but the sad thing is that many of the DCs and Magistrates who have been in power for many years have not been appointed. and their power and authority.
We congratulate those who have brought titles and medals to the country and we also congratulate those who have not yet brought glory despite their competition in this tournament.
Perhaps these refer not only to Christians but to all the citizens of this beloved country.
“The people have told us that the members of the Regional Committee have not invited the Nokma or the people to consult on this smuggling to Assam, but they have done it by force, without the knowledge of the people,” he said. Bernita said.
“The police have taken action according to the law and we have not used force, in other states the police have used sticks, but we here respect the teachers so we did not injure them and we Teargas was used to prevent them from entering the Secretariat.
4-Mowkaw United vs. Khliehtyrshi Sports Club.
“We need to discuss this issue first, the first thing is to talk to the Prime Minister.
He said that the JAC urges the DC SWKH to immediately take away the longbih drugs that have been placed in Nongummer and Mawhiangruda villages through the Agri/Horti department before they leave. happen that either that either.
They promised coal in the election campaign but here it is zero.
This decision was taken after a meeting was held at the Police Reserve on Tuesday between the Police Department, the Rangbah Shnongs and members of the Dorbar Shnongs of Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Jaiaw Shyiap, Jaiaw Mihngi and Mawlai Phudmuri. Sector Police Officers, In-charges of ANTF, OCs and I/Cs of Police Station and Beat Houses of Shillong.
In a statement posted on social media, they said they would take Arjuna's marriage to the daughter of Chitrangada as the Mahabrata. .
Only Zacchaeus wanted to repent.
In the second half, the match itself ended earlier without anyone thinking that they could score.
“We demand that the government should send this bill to the Parliament Standing Committee and if it does not do this CCORMAU together with the National Coordination Committee of Electricity Employees and Engineers we will hold a strong protest,” said the leaders of the CCORMAU. Shillong, Nailar 8 : The Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment (ACWE) on Tuesday recommended that all hostels for children in the state should be monitored to avoid any incident. they are not sad.
The DHS(MI) has informed that IIPH, which wants to set up a university in the state, has received a 20 acre plot of land at Mawdiangdiang but due to the inability to use this land, the Department of Urban Affairs has withdrawn. Now.
Doctors were also directed to use social media on the 18th to protest against the attack on doctors.
67,000T per month for 12 months. 90% of Meghalaya has received 8 lakh tyngka.
Italian Transport Minister Matteo Salvini, who is also the Prime Minister's Adviser, said the transport ministry is investigating and following up on the incident. happened last night.
The law relating to or applicable to this mining industry is the Meghalaya Minor Mineral Concession Rules,
About 200 RSS members marched on this day for this special purpose.
He advised the States to strengthen the vaccination campaign for those over 60 years of age and those between 45 and 60 years of age as most of the deaths were found among them.
The Symbud Chief Minister, Rowell Lyngdoh, will unveil the flag in Amlarem, Prof. RC Laloo in Mawkyrwat, HDR Lyngdoh in Resubelpara, Preston Tynsong in William Nagar, Smt Deborah C Marak in Jowai. AL Hek in Ampati, Zenith Sangma in Tura, Roshan Warjri in Nongpoh, Ampareen Lyngdoh in Baghmara and Sniawbhalang Dhar in Nongstoin.
Jowai, July 1: A youth named Emerald Siangshai from Wapungskur village has been arrested by the Jowai Police on Tuesday on charges of kidnapping a muktiar from the field. DC Office.
For more information and how to apply for other students, please visit the website www.scholarships.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Four persons have been banned from voting at Thangbnai village near Smit, near Jongksha in Mawkynrew constituency. Those who were released on bail were banned from voting by the Sordar of the village yesterday.
Marimuthu, who supported the DMK in the Secular Progressive Alliance, defeated Sureshkumar by 29,102 votes.
“Hindus don’t eat beef, Muslims don’t eat pork, Christians don’t eat beef, don’t eat pork either, therefore, we should respect each other and this is a constitutional freedom "It's the rule of India," Kohli said.
Maria Morgan, senior lecturer on dental health said “the purpose of energy drinks for athletes is misunderstood and this study clearly shows evidence that high school students have been exposed to these high-sugar and low-pH beverages, leading to an increased risk of tooth decay and poor sleep.
In the area about 200-300 meters away, the police have not been deployed but the CRPF has been deployed in front of them”.
The union laid wreaths as part of the protest against the tear gas shelling during the teachers' strike, despite the presence of poor women and children who accompanied the teachers. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said Bah Donbok Dkhar.
Sunshine Makri of UDP, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh of Congress (INC), Donlang Sohkhlet of PDF, Ricky J. Syngkon of VPP, Gilbert Nongrum of TMC, Other candidates for the 12th Umroi Constituency include George Lyngdoh of the TMC, Damanbait Lamare of the NPP, U.K. Stanliwis Rymbai of the Congress (INC), Baïateilang Lapang of the PDF and Shanbor Ramde of the BJP. 35 candidates have completed their nomination papers for the 2023 election in the state.
The wreath laying ceremony was accompanied by HNLC leaders who are currently at the peace talks table with the central and state governments.
Paisal scored 34 from 71 balls and Mewankitbok 25 from 84 balls were the other batsmen who helped the team to reach 300 runs. Arunachal Pradesh scored 188 runs in the first innings.
"(John.19:28).
Urging the football fans of the state, the Assistant Coach of Shillong Lajong, Bah Seibor Sana, expressed his satisfaction that the team has played well in the last two matches of the tournament. the I-League.
True, the cupbearer's job was an honorable job, but Nehemiah was sad and unhappy in his life.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who will be in charge of this road, will spend his time in Varanasi.
He said therefore, the people should remember that in the election of leaders, they should remember the bombing of leaders, the blocking of roads by teachers, the lying about the ILP, the sale of lose the border and many matters he has raised.
Other members of the committee include Himanshu Shekhar Das (retired IAS officer) and Aloka Prabhakar (retired IPS officer).
What is surprising in this regard is that although most of the employees have not yet received their salaries, about 20% have received their salaries.
Amit Shah said that Conrad Sangma is a member of the BJP.
Expressing his concern over the process of demarcation and signing of the agreement, Bah Erwin said that the Government of Meghalaya has been like selling land to Assam especially from the Hima Mylliem in Ri Bhoi District.
The new cases include 4, 101, RBD, 15, 2, 5, 5, 22, 7, 14 and 87 from WKH.
Zone A will be played in Pune, Maharashtra, Zone B will be played in Goa and the final will be played in Delhi.
On the same day, the newly elected MLAs from Meghalaya, Manipur and Nagaland were also honoured.
Until now, this place is still used by the Indians Muktapur for fishing.
He said that as of now, no one is talking about the increase in the price of food items, the people have to pay the tax in any way.
“We will never accept Oni Muskut as a Pandit because he is not a Brahmin and there has never been a Pnar in history who can be a Pandit or in Pnar Bormon,” said the residents. who supported Bhattacharjee.
The meeting was conducted by Bipul Banai, Rangbah Shnong of Pataghat in the presence of the people from the four polling stations of Pataghat, Lalpani, Ryngku and Kyrdoh.
The book was launched at the Shillong Press Club.
They are Nabajyoti Barman, Md ZJ Iqbal, Monirul Hussain, Poinur Ali, Parag Talukdar, Saber A Sarkar, Nur Alom Mondal, Sanjay Kr Paul, Aminur Rehman and Mainul. Haque, Safiullah Musnhi, Elias Ahmed, Sariful Islam, Tanjit Mehbub, Anowar Hussain and Akbar Hussain Mondal.
One of the reasons for Natung's bold statement is that 80 out of 100 construction sites and grounds have been completed.
However, they were taken to PHC Maweit and Nongstoiñ for treatment.
Lamisakani Dkhar, Guide Captain, Lisse Pearls Secondary School, Mukhla, District Secretary and also a speech of encouragement on the occasion of the Independence Day of India. words of greeting.
The crowds follow or follow them like children who are being taught by their parents how to drink milk (the milk of wickedness); and when they have learned to do evil or to cleanse themselves, they speak and do it with joy, as if they were robbers who are no longer afraid of anyone or anything.
Another MP whose ticket was rejected was Queen Ojha from Guwahati constituency and was replaced by Bijuli Kalita Medhi.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Shakliar Warjri as the chief guest, MSOA General Secretary Finely L Pariat and other members of the MSOA and DSYA. The winners of the first place received T.7000, T.5000 for the runners up and T.2, T. 3000 for the 3rd place winners and 1000 for the consolation prize winners, the 4th to 8th place winners.
Other sources said that Ajay Kumar Lallu, President of the Congress party in Uttar Pradesh, was arrested while leading a march at Parivartan Chowk, near the District Magistrate's office.
This shows that the Bible is the most authentic in that believers make up about 3 percent of the world's population.
He also urged the people to stop calling the people living in Mawlong Market Area 'Harijan Colony', 'Punjabi Colony' or 'Sweepers' Lane'
“So far, we have received information that there are still houses that have been destroyed, and the construction of these houses will start after the rainy season,” said the spokesperson.
Because whoever is willing to sacrifice his life to protect the land of the nation is a martyr and whoever is willing to sacrifice his life to fight for the freedom of the country and the nation is also a martyr.
“It will be a place where we will educate the children and at the same time hold meetings.
The opposition leader said that there is something behind the heavy traffic jam on Saturday, which affected the government's revenue, but it seems that shah accounted for in the government budget.
In a statement sent by the President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Ma Shaniahskhem Dkhar, it wishes all the children of Raij Tuber a Happy Birthday.
He said the police officer will participate in the discussion to identify the sites.
Shillong: The road from Dhankheti to Fire Brigade, through Don Bosco and Laitumkhrah Police Point, will be opened on both sides of the road due to the closure of schools. Vehicles will be allowed to travel in both directions from 5th November
The District Labor Office, West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority, West Jaintia Hills on Monday celebrated the World Day Against Child Labor at All Saints CNI School, Ladthadlaboh.
The Secretary of Lumshnong, Ma S.Rupai, on hearing of this incident, said that he is not happy to have such a person who violates the dignity of women. to the glory of the city.
MENA Climate Week 2023 focuses on climate change action ahead of COP28 and is organized by the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Administrator of the Jowai Diocese, Rev. Fr. Ferdinand Dkhar, said that it is not only a day of remembrance for the deceased but also a day of prayer and honor for them.
The Minister said that during the meeting he told about what happened in Mukroh on the 22nd and said that this incident is a violation of human rights.
Meghalaya on Saturday marked the 51st Anniversary of its independence from Assam.
Therefore, until now, the voice of the people of Lyngngam has been heard only by two candidates, Gigur Myrthong MLA from the NPP and Bah Methodius Dkhar, candidate from the HSPDP. He said that looking at the situation and listening to the voice of the residents, the HSPDP candidate has become more encouraged as the days go by, because when he held meetings in his places to elect office bearers, the and the multitude was filled with hundreds.
Because if it is not resolved now, this issue will be delayed for decades and those who will face the problems are the border residents.
For Shangpung Nangbah, there are reports that Ma Comingone Ymbon will contest on the Congress ticket, but there are others who believe that he will contest on another political party.
The union urges the relevant government authorities to punish the violators and especially not to allow the illegal immigrants to enter the village and the Shella area as a whole.
Since the beginning, the NPP has had 26 MLAs while the UDP has only
In this regard, the HYC Ri Bhoi strongly condemns these people from Assam and at the same time urges the relevant authorities of the Meghalaya government to take action, so that they The Khasi people living in the area will not face any problems, he added.
Besides the hand wrestling, Bah Kharbuli said that there will also be a promotion of traditional Khasi food and traditional games.
Akor is the natural ability to recognize one's fellow human beings and to respect each other.
“We have requested the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to confirm the withdrawal of the BSF troops, who are currently illegally stationed in Amlarem Market,” said KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit President Laitphar Syngkrem. session.
Shillong: The State Government has issued an order urging all workers, shopkeepers and drivers of commercial vehicles to provide the right medicine before opening their shops and After the issuance of this order, the people of the state have come forward to say that the government has forced the people without giving them the freedom to choose or not to vote. vaccine.
Thus, until today, the Word of God has been improved in many ways.
The SP News Agency said that the special ballot papers used by the MLAs to write down who they want to elect as President of India tomorrow have arrived at the room. The ballot paper box has also arrived in Shillong.
Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo.
In my last meeting with this Leader on June 2, 2020, I didn't think it would be the last.
The meeting also discussed issues related to retired teachers.
On the other hand, Ankur Das in his speech stressed the importance of self-confidence and self-confidence.
Chiarmon Dkhar is one of the most kind and sincere women, she is ready to do good to help the poor and needy at any time.
There are also quartzites that have not been mined.
In the ceremony, the Shnong Tyrna together with the TYWDS welcomed and awarded the guests at the Dorbarshnong Tyrna in the presence of the residents.
He demanded that the law against the slaughter of cows in the past few days should be reviewed.
Thank you for reading.
Donbor was taken by Umroi PS and handed over to Mawlai PS. According to police sources, he has been charged under Mawlai PS case no 98(11)2 u/s 302/201 IPC.The woman was identified as Rosemary Mawlong (32) resident of Sumer, Ri-Bhoi district. 3 children.
You say absolutely right, this is the corrupt Govt, all the ministers and officers are just stupid and obedient to the big traders and mynder.
The alliance between the Congress and the NPP in the KHADC has led many to feel that the two political parties have a close relationship, but the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who is also the Congress MLA from Mylliem Constituency, said that the party will not allow the NPP to do anything against the people.
I can promise you that we will do something about these things.
It also criticizes the Lokayukta.
Tomorrow's match on Saturday will be between Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Lumpyrtuh.
Shillong, July 02 : A group of commercial vehicles including the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) and the Union of Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers (SNTSK) on Thursday protested against the order of the Taxi Drivers. District Administration to operate Odd/Even commercial vehicles in Shillong with the aim of reducing traffic jam in the city.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Meghalaya Rural Bank in Nongtalang, War Jaintia Hills District has been suspended for nearly 10 months after its computer equipment was tied up in the storm during the storm. bad you slap.
When asked, Rakkam said, “Because of this situation, many of the students have not been able to do well.
For the smooth running of the Lok Sabha elections 2024, and to facilitate the movement of the election management teams of the parties from their polling stations on the 17th and 18th of this month. , and in order to avoid traffic jam on the 19th of this month which is the polling day for the Lok Sabha elections, the Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills has arranged for traffic in parts of the district.
It is no surprise that only a new signboard has been installed in the hospital and the inside of the hospital remains the same without any equipment and staff.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the 75th Anniversary of The Shillong Times today, Singh said, “Just because Article 370 has been repealed, many people have asked me about Article Furthermore, Article 371 speaks of the preservation of the culture of the people, the economic development and which is a law contained in the Constitution, even if it does not exist and does not apply to others. parts of India.
On the issues that the party will contest, he replied, “We will continue the development works we have done in the last five years and all the works we have done in various departments and because we have laid the foundation stones, it is time to move forward to another level.
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held under the chairmanship of Rtn.
Mustem village is located near the Jowai-Amlarem highway and is 11 KM from Jowai city.
All the components of this dai including high fiber content, potassium content are shown to be beneficial to the health of the blood pressure.
The decision taken by the land vendors is to show the government that they are no longer allowed to reveal their names and show their faces in the heat of the moment because of the closure of the land vendors. affected their stomachs.
The purpose of Modi's visit was to gather information on the implementation of Central Government schemes in these States, to visit the sites and monitor the implementation of the schemes and to inspect the work of the the branch, those related to the branch under his supervision as well as other branches.
The Umjaiur Unit was accompanied by Samla Enlang Sawian and Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh of HYC Mawlai Circle.
However, a picture of Bah whom she met again on the journey appeared in her mind.
He said that he had talked to the Speaker of the House at that time, Bah EK Mawlong that if the political situation is like this, he would have felt tired of becoming an MLA and it would be better to resign. become a school teacher, to help the people.
This species of Niangkongwing is not known to occur in other parts of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills except Ri Bhoi and in Ri Bhoi it is more common in the eastern parts of Bhoi. the place is not long.
These footbridges are very important especially for the farmers who come and go to cross these rivers.
On the other hand, u Dawan Lyngdoh said that the problem is that the people of Assam from time to time harass the Khasi Pnars by charging them for their goods when they go to the fields. He said that parts of Mookoiram, Khanduli and Artiang Sanphaw villages are now under siege by the Assam authorities who have set up Forest Check Gate and Battalion Camp to collect taxes from the farmers.
Prestone said that after careful consideration, the government has decided to hand over these houses to the Seng Khasi to take care of them despite the request from many village authorities. look to take care of it.
Mizoram will now play Nagaland in the first match of the semifinal.
For more information please contact Richard Mylliem Tournament Secretary at 9436566773 and Chairman Tournament Committee Teddy Laloo at
However, the following are only suggestions, the latter depends on the wisdom of the authorities in charge of this area and these include to conduct searches of vehicles at the entrances and The exit points along the NH roads should be more sensitive.
It was further informed that according to Section 171 of the Indian Penal Code; whoever gives or receives money for the purpose of voting shall be punished with imprisonment for up to one year and a fine.
Therefore, the BSF troops have conducted tight security to monitor the movement of people at the border areas or international borders so that crime and trafficking can be curbed. illegal.
In Ribhoi District, 4 cases have been confirmed including 2 army personnel and 2 civilians.
Prapti Sen also did not reach the goal later.
The Minister of State for Agriculture and Fisheries, Bah AL Hek, who is in New Delhi, has continued to meet with the Union Ministers especially the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries. He said that the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries needs to promote tourism through the fisheries industry and requested the Union Minister to open the door and approve the Integrated Fisheries Development in the State.
These 50 people have been confirmed positive for the coronavirus.
The Congress will also set up a State University, which will focus on the training of youth in employment opportunities such as IOT (Internet of Things), Block Chain Technology, IT and ITES. also to establish Special Urban Police Force, which shall be well equipped to curb crime and shall be able to approach the residents.
The total number of blood donors including the employees of the Company and the residents of the area has reached
Khliehriat, Nailur 30: Mawlai MLA, Bah Brightstar Marbaniang, today elected and confirmed the office bearers and members of the VPP party. The meeting was held at the Community Hall Lumshnong.
If they have another opinion, it makes it difficult for us to turn to these MLAs whom we have elected to pass laws for us in the Assembly,” he added.
“We have passed the Meghalaya Apartment Ownership Ordinance 2015 to regulate the ownership of private houses on many floors in the state,” said the Chief Minister. Mukul Sangma.
In the Under-17 category, Mulang Ialong beat Moosalyngkat 2-0
She had no arms, but she was licensed to fly in the United States and was the first to fly on her feet.
“We have a plan to improve this area and as it is a large area, we plan to build a shopping mall and we will also provide land to the residents of this area,” he said.
The Uniform Civil Code, if it becomes law in the country, will seriously affect our unique identity as enshrined in the Constitution of India.
Lucifer was second in position in heaven with many angels under his control.
The greatest memory is of the traimet, that is, of Bhalang.
As an MDC, I request the state government to think carefully for the people of this area and that is that the government should provide medicines to the public health centers in this area. The area, which can also be said to be one of the border areas in Ri Bhoi.
Furthermore, the former presidents and secretaries of Seiñraij Jowai were honored and prizes were distributed to the winners of various competitions held during the festival.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has celebrated this lyngkhuh anniversary since April this year.
The implementation of the Highway Squad by the Traffic Department to ensure traffic jam on the roads, has been only temporary despite the efforts of the traffic police.
He said the government will ensure that the production of biscuits will increase from time to time, and the biscuits produced will be biscuits that can satisfy the consumers in the country or even abroad. Prestone said the government should ensure that the farmers will survive and become smart in the biscuit farming industry.
In the second leg, Chutwakhu beat Tpep Pale 3-0
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 8: In order to promote tourism in the district, the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, has empowered the East Jaintia Hills Adventure, Cultural and Tourism Society (EJAC&TS) to to organize, provide and oversee the activities related to tourists visiting East Jaintia Hills District.
We had to walk through the siej about five miles from the village we were going to, the road was very difficult to walk.
However, KV Upper Shillong scored only 86 runs for the loss of four wickets in 10 overs.
Advertisement Two days ago, BSF troops found two small boats abandoned at Harami Nala in Kutch, which they claimed were coming from Pakistan.
To express the importance of this work, KJCLF will hold a special prayer for the good and lasting on Thursday 7th March 2022 at 11 am at KJP English Service Church, Police Bazar. , Shillong.
Ma Passah said the football tournament for school children will start in the first month of June for the Under-14, Under-17 Boys and Under-17 Girls.
He said that those who received eye treatment today are as follows. Those who have BPL Card will receive free treatment, while those who do not have BPL Card will have to take about 30 presents. “It's still spreading across the country and also in parts of East Jaintia Hills,” said Surong.
After receiving the report from the Committee, the Executive Committee will read the report thoroughly before submitting it to the House for approval and sending it back to the Governor for seal. .
Not only is this museum a place for people to come and see ancient artifacts but it is also a place for scholars who want to research ancient artifacts or cultures.
Dame Ryngkhlem, who sustained serious injuries, died at a private hospital at 11:30 am this morning. East Jaintia Hills District.
Sec.School (West Jaintia Hills) in the semi final.
On the other hand, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, also suggested implementing this initiative in Meghalaya, expressing India's dependence on oil products even after the country's economy has been destroyed. world have started to focus on EVs.
Shillong, Nailur 22: If the government does not surprise the people to clean up the garbage that flows into the Umiam Dam, soon the MeECL power plant will turn into a marten baar, said Senior. UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong today spoke to reporters.
Because they are the candidates who have to dress and dress beautifully.
In the fourth match, KL Bajoria College beat St. Dominic College 3-1
So those soldiers beat, whipped, and beat Jesus with ignorance because they were under the law.
Shillong, October 1: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has slammed the statement by the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah HDR Lyngdoh that the state government has appointed MDCs itself due to the delay in the Executive Committee led by the ARPA. UDP General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar said that HDR Lyngdoh's statement has no basis but is only an attempt to cover up his intention to dissolve the EC. Speaking on the 6th Scheduled of the Autonomous District Council Rules, the General Secretary of the UDP said that the Council can send its recommendation to the Governor if necessary. The EC has decided not to accept the name of the MDC.
Conrad K Sangma won from Dadenggre constituency led by his brother James K Sangma with 14,696 votes while Dikanchi received only 4901 votes.
Khliehriat Lber 6 : The use of technology in educational institutions, such as schools, is one of the new ways of teaching, on this, the CBSE school, of Star Cement company Star Public School Lumshnong has been selected as the Pilot Institution, which has fully implemented the Hybrid Learning, Digital Literacy and Skill Hub. Microsoft, in East Jaintia Hills District, where the teachers have also become very skilled in this method of training.
Another reason, he said, is that it should bring peace to the pedestrians because this place is not peaceful to the pedestrians who live in Upper Shillong and Lummawbah. the people are happy.
The body of a young man suspected to be a Pnar between the ages of 20-25 years was found on the 17th of this month. A group of robbers carrying pistols and knives of between 7 and 8 persons.
Shillong, June 25 : The two-day Book Fair Fest was opened at Shillong College, Laitumkhrah.
“On the first day, the MLAs of Sohra and Shella Constituencies, together with the Management, will take our demand before the Prime Minister,” he added.
Kong Phanbuh started writing stories and proverbs in Khasi and in 2009 she started writing in English.
On the other hand, he said that the forest area in Meghalaya has 76 percent according to the survey and this includes many types of forests, according to their division.
The Minister explained that the presence of these people who have knowledge and understanding also helps the people of the State who work in various departments to acquire knowledge in the working methods.
Then, the ceremony was held at Lum Dorbar, Lawnongthroh, where the shat ka khein was held and by the grace of God, a sign of blessing was placed on the ryngkew ki basa.
Shillong, Nailur, 21: The relocation of the CRPF headquarters from Mawlai has started, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Prestone Tynsong. The Legislature on Friday.
“We demand that the government should take over the teaching post and we will give time to the government to respond by the 27th of this month,” said Bah Nongsiang.
These villages include Lad Lakadong, Umlyngsha, Lama, Natbor, Borghat, Pedengwahkhynriaw, Demlakang and Kwator.
Children who disobey their parents do not become human beings in their lives because they offend their parents who are their Gods.
About 150 two wheeler drivers including women came for the training.
The newly allocated road has cost T 1.98 crore under the PWD scheme and the project was initiated and approved by MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Speaking on the occasion, Congress Leader Process T Sawkmie said that the Congress has already demanded that the CBI should investigate into the illegal coal mining in the state. The state government has done nothing wrong in this regard and has appointed an independent inquiry.
On the part of Bah Bansynsharlang Khongwir District Tourist Officer Ri-Bhoi, one of the participants of the walk and some of the residents said that the walk is very pleasant to reach such a place. the place where the fire of nature has given to mankind in that area.
Therefore, it was decided that there will be no cleanliness of the village on that day until the cleanliness drive is completed.
The District Public Relations Officer (DPRO) of Kohima said that the money will be collected and counted as a fine for the state government.
“If they talk about Pala, I don't know but we have suspended them from the party,” said Manish.
The traffic especially when carrying sick people has made it difficult to pass through this road.
Earlier, the state government had replied that the heavy rainfall in July 2023 has not allowed the repair of the road which has been worked on earlier, which has been completely destroyed.
The meeting was held at Yungwalieh, Chilliangraij and was conducted by Kamnipaia Challam, Chairman KKC Seinraij. General Secretary Seinraij and Sienmi Lato, Secretary KKC Seinraij gave the welcome speech.
He said the KSU has received many complaints about the violence and illegal activities of the BSF troops in the vicinity of the NH-6
National League for Democracy (NLD) spokesperson Myo Nyunt said Suu Kyi, President Win Myint and other leaders were arrested early this morning. .
Verjelous Shylla of Nala Rympei, Best Goalkeeper of Aiba FC and Ebenson Warbah of Aiba FC were awarded the Top Scorer awards. Shillong, Nailur 05 : Shillong Lajong Football Club has announced that it has signed El Hadji Abdou Karim Samb, 20, 2013, to become the best player of the year. The 27-year-old forward from Dakar, Senegal, has been signed for the 2023-24 I-League season.
It can also be said that when they are involved in trials, they no longer feel that it is the wrong path.
To improve agriculture, health, education, water supply, electricity, roads, to preserve culture, music, sports, tourism and to protect the earth.
You don't need to be dressed or dressed like anyone else.
Police have arrested five suspected robbers on NH 06 at 2 am this morning and seized knives and knives. tari as well as the money that was looted from the truck driver.
The incident happened at 5 pm at Shangbangla, Ri-Bhoi District.
ML-05H-3714 owned by Bah B Donmind Kharmawlong was stolen from his residence at Umtrei village, Ri Bhoi district.
The Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) has won the title.
New Delhi: The Government of India today released Rs 6,195.08 crore to various States.
The political situation in the state has changed after 12 Congress MLAs led by former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma have defected to the Congress and joined the All India Trinamool Congress (TMC).
On the other hand, the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has expressed his hope that they will win because of the cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP. spending.
HK Singh has complained that in 2019, the Prime Minister of India, Amit Shah, has not implemented the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA). Because it is the election pledge of the BJP in the Lok Sabha elections in
When asked about the blangs from the raid units under the Mawlieh raid, Dr Firmly said that at present there are about 12 raid units which are still bujay blang with the Syiem. I called him like a 12-year-old goat.
Nongmudui said that he has evidence and documents to show that although there is foreign coal that has entered the state, about 40,000 MT of coal has left Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 12: Three months after the announcement of the appointment of Bah Ardent Miller Basa Iawmoit as CEM at Motphran, on 12th July The Hima Mylliem today distributed blue dresses to the Daju Iewduh and at the distribution of clothes. The Daju was led by Minister MB Kharlukhi, Minister of Finance, in the presence of Ministers of Mylliem Hima including Minister Wartynghah, Minister Pathaw and Minister Nongkhlaw.
“We have already sent a letter to all the MDA allies to discuss the CMP but it has been suspended temporarily due to the elections in the state,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : Six days after the police raided the house of Bernard Marak of Rimpu Bagan in Tura, the Vice President of the BJP has been arrested. He accused the police of not running away or being afraid of being arrested but of protecting himself from being shot dead by the police.
When asked whether he will resign or continue to hold the post of president of the party, Pangñiang said that the sudden resignation of Ardent Basaïawmoit in 2018 is his own will. Because he doesn't agree with the HSPDP, he doesn't know.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang, has warned that all commercial vehicles should park in the places where they are allowed to park and not in other places. He said that the police will not allow commercial vehicles to park illegally as they cause traffic jam.
Don't walk to ride motorcycles, airplanes and so on.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Despite the internal protests and the absence of many MLAs under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, no one has dared to speak out against this.
According to information, many people especially during the rainy months take these buses for eating and drinking.
It is alleged that the doctors knew that he was suffering from injuries, but they did not examine him for treatment and did not even take an X-ray even though he complained that he was suffering from injuries. in parts of the shadow from the bombardment.
Speaking at these two meetings, at Thyllaw and Mawlongbna, Bah Ardent said that the The District Council to these villages, is not to resolve or divide their boundary, but to talk and urge that there should be no more violence, bloodshed like what happened in these days are gone.
Now we must form units in each village and we must elect office bearers.
The police and the law enforcement agencies are silent in the face of money laundering, they cannot stand in front of money.
Nangkiew Irat lost many chances especially in the 23rd minute through Banshanlang Nongdhar followed by Nikhil Raj two minutes later due to the skill of Sawmer goalkeeper Pyrshangbanbha. Dkhar.
The fear and sadness is that it will affect the youth of the Hynniewtrep people who are starting to look for jobs.
Speaking on the visit of the Union Home Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “I will talk to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah on the day of his visit to Shillong.
Many topics were discussed by the teacher during these two days.
I have eaten the souls of two men.
At present, the school has made it difficult for the students to attend classes inside the school because all the tins covering the school have been destroyed, even the doors and exits of the school have been destroyed. The school building is not suitable for holding schools as the rainy season has arrived.
Therefore, the violation of the life of an animal can cause us a lot of trouble at any time that we do not think, for example, that if someone complains with evidence we may get into trouble.
The women of one nation were sent to marry another.
In a statement sent by Bah Larry Tmung, President of the party, the party said that the increase in the number of cases of covid 19 is increasing from time to time and this may lead to Assam is one of the closest states to the country due to the influx of private workers from other states which have been severely affected by the covid 19 pandemic. The union also demands that the state government should continue to fight against the inter state movement to curb the spread of covid 19 in the state.
I call upon you and me, let us have faith that when we pray when we ask, let us know that the Lord has already answered our prayers, and we shall receive them.
The party has lost a great leader who was intelligent and did his duty to strengthen MUPSTA especially in West Khasi Hills.
Instead of having civil society organizations or leaders to speak out against the laws that arise from time to time, it would be important if religious leaders, students, local workers and and if we can explain to each and every one of us the idea of ​​“start from ourselves” then without fail, we can change the nature of the nation and that we should stand on our own feet.
The Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has funded Rs 1187.5 crore for the road.
Jalyiah, besides reaching the semifinals, will play in the First Division of the EJHDFA next season. Other teams that have qualified for the semifinals are Pamrakmai, Iatyllilang Hingaria and Diengshynrum.
According to the patients, “The medicines are enough and they get food”.
In another development, Pdengshakap village has been facing the same problem where it has not received electricity for more than two months.
Similarly, in 2021, those who are in class IX have not received any training but many have been promoted only with special consideration or passed with warning.
He was accompanied by many boats lest he should drown in the river.
About 50 youths joined the party in the presence of BJP State President KS Lyngdoh and State General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty.
The time has come for the Jews to get the Temple. The law is not from the authorities of Israel or the rulers of the kingdoms of the world, but from the Beast.
The AJCA, SCA, EJDCA, EKHCA and Ri Bhoi CA, which have accepted to host the tournament, fall under Zone
On the other hand, Bah Hillarius Pyngrope, one of the elders of the area, in his short speech, expressed his satisfaction with the dignity and discipline of the drivers of the Riwar Mihngi area and also for the cleanliness. their own vehicles and also their ability to use the language in relation to passengers.
Speaking to media, Rasomda Kharjahrin and B. Ramsiej from Pyndensakwang Village and others from Mawsaw area said that the farmers of Mawsaw area were sad and shocked. They went to visit their fields after the rain and found that their fields were filled with water and by the collapse of the soil they turned into heavy holes that the The water has covered the ground and has covered the fields, even the ground where they have planted the crops.
On the other hand, the students who are contesting the NEET (UG) 2024 examination in Ri Bhoi District have expressed their anger over the corruption and demanded that the National Testing Agency (NTA) should conduct You can take another exam after you have written the questions that have been written by the Examination Code Centre.
The residents of the village found the inscription this morning between 9 and 10 pm while the people were getting ready to go to their workplaces.
Returning to the Miss Nongstoin 2017 pageant, 24 beautiful girls from all over West Khasi Hills District have come forward to compete in this biggest pageant in West Khasi Hills District.
As of Tuesday, more than 65,500 people have been severely affected by the floods in seven districts.
So we need a long-term vision.
He said that Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, should develop the tourism sector in Lumpi.
States / UTs and ULBs should keep track of all these steps through data collection and reporting codes of practice so that activities can be monitored at higher levels.
As part of the dispersion, the police had to fire tear gas and baton bombs at the protesters.
The border troops have searched the Bangladeshis for several hours until they were able to arrest them. From the body of the Bangladeshis, the troops have recovered a Vivo Y21 phone and a phone. They were handed over to the police for further investigation. They were handed over to the police for further investigation.
WJB Sturgeon said the government has accepted the proposal to open Sainik Schools at Garobadha near Tura and 50 acres of land has been allocated for this purpose at a cost of T. state government.
Sylvester Mylliempdahu scored 57 runs off 54 balls.
According to this ordinance, a foreigner can become Rangbah Shnong for one day only if he is elected by the people and this is a violation of the customs and traditions of the people.
Especially in the rural areas, the attention to the conservation of birds and animals is still low.
Therefore, they are expected to return to Shillong for the match against Namdhari FC on the 23rd of this month.
“The farmers stand in line at ATMs and get only T.2000 notes which cannot be sold because the seller has difficulty in paying and the buyer has difficulty,” said Dr Mukul. day to the reporters.
Speeches were also delivered by MLA and MDC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Principal Secretary GHP Raju, Secretary Dr. Manjunatha and Dr. A Laloo. Director of your department.
Meghalaya has three ethnic groups, the Khasi, Garo and Jaintia, all of whom are descended from their mothers, and perhaps it will be the last state in the world to follow the tradition of ai. kind of mother.
It is time for us to look at each other and unite.
The school was inaugurated by the Chief Minister in the presence of MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Joint Secretary to Chief Minister Arun Kumar Kembhavi, KL Nongbri I/c. DC WKHD, SP WKHD, SD Warjri EAC and others.
“If I have done anything wrong, or if I have raped anyone, I report to the police and they send me to arrest,” she said.
This message is always to convey to the football fans, and any tool if you don't know how to use it, loss or damage is waiting ahead.
He said construction for the minar, which is the top part of the building, will start next month.
“It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said the policeman, who understood from the report that he was a Khasi. because his call to stop was written in Khasi.
It is for this reason that they are able to market even to the large markets abroad and also to the markets in the country.
He said that the Salesian Society has established seven technical schools, namely Don Bosco Technical School in Shillong, Don Bosco Tech, Pyndenglawar, Nongstoin, Bosco Pnar, Jowai, Silchar, Agartala and Sacred. Heart Pisamganj.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, congratulated Kong Pyrngap on receiving this award.
He said that the JCP members have appreciated the NESO's raising of these points and will submit it to the government.
The FKJGP leader said that the FKJGP has sent a clear statement to the government authorities or the Air Force not to interfere with the indigenous people who earn their living in their own country. you are ready to take other steps.
The State Cancer Society of Meghalaya together with the Oncology Department, Civil Hospital Shillong has organized a program to celebrate the National Cancer Survivors Day on the 1st of this month at DAE-Civil Hospital Cancer Wing, Civil Hospital Shillong. Shillong.
Of these others, we don't know who are the locals and who are from Bangladesh or Nepal and so on.
For those who return to the state to record their health status during these days of quarantine, the state government has already distributed Home Quarantine Dairy to the dorbars. villages to distribute to those who have come from outside the state.
Ri Bhoi Police are conducting investigation to arrest the suspects.
but as a people we must see the works.
During the investigation, the union found that these mynder came from UP and Silchar. Therefore, the union found that they entered the country illegally without any documents such as Work Permit or any other documents. shisha is not required in the State.
Nongstoiñ: The Silver Dew Nongstoiñ Channel today celebrated its 3rd anniversary with the release of a short film entitled 'St Hagar'.
These three persons are one from Wahlang, one from Sohïong and one from Krang.
The NPP has demanded that the post-mortem examination of Marak be made public.
These three include DK Pathak (1979), Rajendra Kumar (1980), Ramesh Tayal (1980), Rajiv Mehta (1981) and SK Jain (1984).
There will be up to 10 judges to ensure that all the requirements are met.
The campaign is part of the Tobacco Free Educational Institutions (TFEI) program conducted across the state in collaboration with the Sambandh Health Foundation.
Shillong, November 14: The MDCs of KHADC who are currently in the opposition and some who are in the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem have criticized the Campaign for Change. The CEM of KHADC has been appointed to the post.
“I'll go to sleep, turn off the light,” said Deisy. “To,” said Bahnah and turned off the light.
She said that she has borrowed T.30,000 and has paid four times in four months T.9,000 once and has paid up to T.36,0 only T.30 per cent and the owner remains T.30 thousand per cent.
Speaking on the unemployment in the state, he said the government should prepare an Employment Policy to ensure that the youth get jobs not only in government jobs but also in many factories. across the country because at present the beneficiaries are not the indigenous people but the foreigners.
Referring to the financial assistance to the youth of the state who are stranded in other states of India, the Chief Minister said that the government is ready to provide financial assistance to about 2,995 youth of the state.
And we find this city destroyed.
After the four sciences of the authorities have collapsed and the Khadar rule has collapsed in many ways, the KSU has risen to proclaim under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, because the members are strong and concerned about their nation.
Thus, “Artatien” means “Two Languages” or “Artilli Languages”.
Both the teams have four points each but Shillong Lajong are leading in scoring.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has informed that the containment zone will start from the 19th and end on the 26th of November. which is allowed only to those who deliver the necessary goods and who have received permission from the government.
What is more shocking is the defeat of Pastor Ardent Basaiawmoit, KHADC who is also the Vice President of the HSPDP. Last election, the defeat of Pastor from the constituency of the HSPDP leader has surprised the people because they have accepted that Pastor from this constituency will win because Bah Ardent is an MLA. In the constituency of Bah Ardent, Pastor PBM came second with 5976 votes, while Vincent Pala of the Congress won from the same constituency with 5976 votes. 6,187 votes.
From the MP Resolution 2014, the BJP leaders have a strong hope that although they cannot win from Shillong, they are now in power, and they are ready to work hard in the state. Speaking to Rupang, Khlur said that the BJP has expected that the BJP will win 4 or 5 MLAs in the 2018 MLA elections. “We have not lost a single vote in this MP election, which shows that the people have wanted to allow the BJP to showcase its work in this state,” he said.
And that is true the Word of God says "heaven and earth shall pass away"
Lecturer DIET, Thadlaskein as the chief guest in the presence of AP Syiem, DSEO-West Jaintia Hills, Jt.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang in the presence of Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President RBYF and others.
Shivangaiah is a gardener in name only, but he works as a work inspector and is under the supervision of the Assistant Executive Engineer, Banashankari. moon.
He also urged everyone to take advantage of the good contributions that the National Education Policy-2020 has brought to the students.
South Garo Hills has 9 cases, South West Garo Hills has 42 cases, South West Khasi Hills has 12 cases and Shngimawlein has 4 cases.
Shillong: Police of Umkiang Police Station on the night of 26th and 27th June 2020 have seized 24 trucks carrying illegal coal from East Jaintia Hills for smuggling to Malidor Assam and arrested 8 persons. They include the brother of the Revenue Minister of Meghalaya.
:BJP Leader and Minister of State, Alexander Laloo Hek on Tuesday said that the BJP hopes to win the upcoming Lok Sabha (LS) elections from Shillong and Tura. because of the “voter majority".
“Lydia is your enemy.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting and immediately handed over a letter to the Director, Department of Commerce and Industries and Member Secretary. MJ Sangma at the office of the Meghalaya State Control Board to protest against the plan of companies to set up coke factories within the boundary of South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that this is an attempt to obstruct the work of the Council especially to search or challenge the trading license.
All the players of the team were transported in a decorated truck to travel around Shillong starting from Mawlai and ending at MFA 3rd Ground, Polo.
There was a place where the race was very high, where it was reported that the race reached lakhs of rupees, and the lakhs of rupees was won by the German fans.
The Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society (JTES) which has called for the marathon on the 23rd April 2022 has changed the route of the marathon due to the garbage dump at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
According to Urban Affairs, Shillong has 23 slum areas.
There have been 4,970 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 96,5
Subjects covered in this training include Soil and Water Conservation Engineering, Agronomy, Forest Engineering, Survey and Levelling, Soil Science, Forest Mesuration, Forest Utilization, Wildlife, Silviculture, Accounts and Procedures, Botany and Forest Law , Practical, Assignments, Games and Sports and Social Works.
These rules shall be impartial and impartial, shall be in accordance with the principles of human rights and democratic thought and shall be clear and fair. that it will bring good and benefit to all.
Many of them have been waiting for two months to complete the project and now they are suffering from the cold by living in shantytowns because they have destroyed the house. rim.
When the working methods show the ability in front of others to do better, then the power of attraction spreads.
Bah Mawrie was accompanied by the Union Minister of Earth Sciences, Govt.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh said that the participants in the film and also those involved in the production of the film are talented in what God has given them. give them separately.
In the Nongstoin Constituency, the Congress, NPP and AITC, the candidates of these three parties have rushed to the polls. villages, to appoint offices to strengthen their parties, in order to attract the voters to win the upcoming elections.
Besides, the violence in Garo Hills, the traffic jam in Shillong, are other issues that the UDP will challenge the government.
According to him, there has been a lot of discussion in the District Council about the rise of the Executive Committee and the MDCs have fled from place to place.
Nongpoh, Naitung 04 : A Police Guard of Mawsyntai Prison in Ri-Bhoi District, has committed suicide by hanging himself from a stake inside the prison.
After the training, Babu C.Khongngain, one of the members of the Sohra Coaching Centre, gave a speech of encouragement.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Seng Bhalang leaders have not agreed with the proposal to introduce bio-metric enrollment for the National Population Register (NPR) and want the state government to work in collaboration with the central government to create In Assam, the National Register of Citizens (NRC) was implemented before the bio-metric enrollment.
Speaking at a campaign rally for the RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin at Jatah, Mawkynrew constituency, Martle, who is also the MDC of Mawkynrew, said that the to the man how many generations the world has been destroyed and it will bring destruction to the nation as the Dkhar saying goes, ulta phulta.
He also blessed the association as a whole to continue to hold such competitions so that the children and youth can escape from these evil deeds.
Besides, they said that from Mawkynbat to Mawsngapwir, almost every household is hardworking and skilled in agriculture.
“We too can put up notices and we can strongly warn them because their actions destroy the freedom of worship in Meghalaya.
If the government forces the Garo camp to set up inside the Khasi areas, the party has to think of another way; that is, to take up arms and to go into the wilderness.
Rtn SK Lato, Director of Community Service RC-Jowai in his speech explained the journey of Rotary International and said that Rotary works on three 'H' which stands for Health, Hunger, Humanity.
In this regard, Israel has also fired bombs across parts of Gaza, killing more than 18,000 people in the Israeli attack. to Hamas militants in Gaza.
In the A-20 category (Men), Albinus Rongpeit, Daniel Lyngdoh Mawlong, Eleven Dkhar, Emphius Nongrum, Kalbin B Marak, Kelbinus Biam, Kermi Biam, Marso Kyndait, Sebastian Marboh and Simeon Marak.
At the same time, the Temple does not have a clear procedure for managing and using the revenue for the basic needs of the residents, especially for the poor.
This happened at the premises of SSNet Com where the board members are James K Sangma, Conrad K Sangma and other family members. “This transfer of officers is to disrupt the investigation and at the same time to destroy the evidence. This is dangerous and if the evidence is destroyed, they will have to take responsibility for it,” he said. .
The new cases include EGH: 28, EJH: 15, EKH: 153, NGH: 34, RBD: 70, SGH: 02, SWGH: 16, SWKH: 43, WGH: 37, WJH: and WKH: 13.
“These owners have been asked to obtain permission from the District Council so that they can proceed as the land in Umïam is still under the jurisdiction of the Council,” he said. said.
Most of the graves began to see the Christmas tree at Christmastime in the 16th – 17th centuries.
Shillong: Mawlai residents together with the support of HYC Mawlai Circle, KSU, HANM and HNYF today protested against the proposal. Speaking to media, HYC Mawlai Circle President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the HYC Mawlai Circle has allocated land for the CRPF camp. Mawlai is a peaceful village and does not need the CRPF but if the government wants this department to provide services in the state it should have moved them to places where they are needed. they.
On the other hand, Pushkar Raj scored 24 runs off 18 balls before being dismissed.
In the Under-16 category, Ashrik Shivam of Assam won 1262 points (6 points), Anubhab Das of Meghalaya won 6 points and Arghadeep Roy of Assam won 6 points.
This depends on the leaders, party workers and party members.
Speeches were also delivered by Father Mathew, Principal of Divine Word Sec School Lumshnong, Babu Treyo Rambai, Principal of Chiehruphi Sec. School, Wailen. Syih, Monlang Ladong, Streamly N Suchen, Chief Guest and D.Thabah.
He added that this is his sixth time to contest the MLA election and he hopes that it will be a challenge for him to win again.
However, in Tura, incumbent MP Agatha K Sangma will be re-elected to contest the Lok Sabha MP election next year.
The deceased was identified as Pynshngainborlang Mukhim, 18, while the injured were identified as Loenel Kongwang and Akhil Khonglah, school children.
All Christian leaders are invited to take part in this event, said Rev Edwin H Kharkongor, Secretary, KJCLF. On the 5th of this morning, it caused a traffic jam on this highway.
They are the ones who have betrayed their own country and nation.
Shillong, Lber 5: The Synod service in Mawlai has been a blessing to the village of Mawlai Umshing which is still lacking in many aspects from roads, footpaths, water supply, electricity and However, 10 months before the start of the Synod, the village has received many development works.
The High Court's statement came on the day that the plaintiff against the government over the illegal mining and quarrying of coal, Champer M Sangma, showed a video and The appearance before the judges to expose the spread of illegal mining and quarrying in the state.
The reason for the complaint is that during the investigation, Section 174 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 was not followed, and there was an attempt by the investigation team to conceal the facts. and to show that her son had given his life.
It is shocking to know and see that these weapons of darkness have even entered the outskirts of Shillong like Mawïai which is a village inhabited only by the Khasi people.
This place is located on the east side of the house of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien.
“We will appeal to the DC and demand to start the rehabilitation project of Wah Lukha,” said Ma Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary of the Wah Lukha Village Association.
In the first half, Umsawkhwan SC had the opportunity to score the first goal through Kitdor Nongkseh and the goal lasted until the end of the first half.
The SLFC has been excited against the RUFC since 2016 onwards, as they have never lost against them.
Condolences from all over the country have flocked to Sohra today to condole the death of a member of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) who died in the attack by foreigners. This happened on the 28th of June at Ichamati.
Similarly, there have been about 197 cases of cattle smuggling reported in 2022, of which 31 have been reported so far, police said.
Police have arrested Jotish Daimary (43) of Udalguri, Bipul Basumatry (37) of Bhergaon, Udalguri and Sansoma Mooshahary (32). Shankar Boro (35) of Pandbai, Udalguri and Fajal Haque (33) of Hablakha, Kamrup rural.
He said that Shangpliang has met with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Minister in charge of Housing Zenith Sangma to expedite the work.
“I am not only a DC, but I am a Khasi child to express my condolences to you and your family in this tragic incident.
“The Rangbah Shnong said, “Tell me, you are the ones who are here because this matter has reached the village and it is not just me...” said Bah Shanbor Mar. u Bah Shanbor “Now I will tell you, so that the matter will not be far away, to the authorities above the law, just as a sign that you should understand that you should not play with the dignity of others without I don't know what to do, I'll send you a fee immediately in front of the household that complained for 10,000 tyngka.
“If we talk about Block-1 and Block-2, please understand that there is no question of dispute but it is only the relocation according to the 1951 announcement. where our people live,” said Prestone.
“He arrived in Shillong on Tuesday by plane and met Salahuddin on Friday night,” said Salahuddin's family members in Dhaka. They met with the BNP leader at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Rymbui said that the investigation has revealed that Emanuel was involved in the blast at StarCement on 14th November 2020 , and at the police station in Khliehriat incident on 14th November 2021, the investigation is ongoing.
“The discussion was very successful in which the Prime Minister promised to wait for the time to implement it, as there are still some problems on the part of the Government, but the discussion itself was “It's a strong hope,” said Bah Titos W Chyne, who said that this is the hope of the people of the area.
When the present house was built 100 years ago, the shangher used to throw a syniang in the form of a shrot in this house.
Other tournaments such as the U-19 BC Roy Trophy will start in November while the Women's Junior National Championship will be held in November.
In the second match which was played at 4:45 pm, Madan S&CC beat Lamlynti SC 6-3 goals.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 16: As part of the goal of bringing about a clean environment, the residents of Umtham village in Ri-Bhoi district today benefited greatly after receiving a house to store their salable goods. garbage trucks and garbage dumps for each household in the village through the Swaach Bharat Mission.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday, 8th November 2022, opened a tourist attraction and restaurant at Tim Mawlong Sirdarship.
He also urged the youth that this award is only a reminder to them to continue to work harder in the future, in order to become the stars who will bring the name of the country. honor the family and the nation.
On this occasion, the sumo drivers, Bah R.Rympei, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Bhoirymbong, Lumdaitkhla, joined hands to clean up the market. Under the leadership of the office bearers of the Association and fellow sumo drivers.
M.Gatphoh, International Service Rtn.
This question came after two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew Constituency and Gavin Mylliem from Sohra Constituency joined the NPP. on January 6th.
The protest started on 29th March 2019 to demand that the government should immediately withdraw the company GVK from the state on the grounds that the company has not been able to provide the services. full service to the people of the state.
One of the causes of insomnia is due to lack of physical activity.
He gave the example of Goa and Sikkim which have been able to promote tourism by recognizing this industry and they have also set rules not to allow foreigners to enter such places. place so that there is no effect.
The meeting was attended by groups including the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills, the JARF, the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, the JSM, the Khasi Students Union (KSU). The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and others have come to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills to protest against the government's permission to transport coal from Assam to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Sildubi, Malangkona, Joypur, Salbari, Nonghawei, Malangkhasi, Huhuapara and Langdongdai, have long wanted a fully functioning police station in Malangkona.
Furthermore, in today's era we need leaders who are still strong and able to work for the society and politics.
The Seng Khasi demands that the authorities, especially the publisher who published this book, should immediately return the money that the children have bought this book to read.
When asked about the shortage of passers from Garo Hills, Rakkam said he does not feel that way because as a minister he believes that all the passers are from Meghalaya, although the shortage of passers is a challenge. to young people, to educational institutions and parents and to the state.
“I'm sorry I didn't get even 60 percent.
Many of the villagers said that it would have been better for him to resign from his post so as not to be a stumbling block to the village affairs.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that after the implementation of the GST, the government has felt the need to pass an ordinance as the shooting of Tim does not fall under the GST. The Ordinance of the Government shall provide for the license fee.
Youth Wing:- President :- Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Secretary:- Bah Balajied Synrem.
The ceremony was concluded by the Pynshad Dolloi and Pynnguh Dolloi.
“There is nothing on our part, because it is up to him if he wants to come he can join and if he doesn't want it is up to him not the BJP,” said the BJP leader. Short 04: The road from Mawphlang to Mawsynram and which also reaches Balat, Hat Mawdon and parts of Ranikor, although it is a small road, but it is a very important road. It connects Shillong with thousands of villages on the border with Bangladesh.
Former Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee's body was cremated at Smriti Sthal in Delhi today in the presence of a large crowd. Delhi and other neighboring states, in the presence of political leaders, leaders of the Government of India, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, President Ram Nath Kovind and others. leaders from neighboring countries.
In their presence at the RDA meeting, the state election committee of the UDP has scheduled to hold a meeting on the second day.
It is not known what the central government intends to send non-English speaking Governors to the state where most of the people understand English and Hindi better.
The Food and Civil Supply Department has provided rice and oil.
Furthermore, it is time for the school authorities in Khasi Jaintia Hills to introduce a more specialized education to the children, especially the subject of heroes, heroes and swordsmen. and poets like the nation have appeared, in which their bravery, the vision of the world and the words they have written in the voice of poetry, indeed not only stirred the mind. When reading them, however, it stirred from the bottom of my heart, to learn to love and correct one's own nation.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the government has not acted according to the recommendations of the Regional Committee. The Boundary Committee has recommended that the three villages on the border with Assam should be included in Meghalaya.
One of the Nigerians was allegedly a resident of India for three years and had a criminal record.
Shillong, July 23 : Police in East Khasi Hills have recovered the body of an unidentified person from the Mynsain River in Mynsain village on the 19th of this month.
“Every time we clean up, we have to start understanding that we have to take our part and let all the residents on the days when the Government does not fund these cleanliness drives, take responsibility to ensure that “We want to keep the environment clean and free from garbage,” he said.
“The people have witnessed that I have raised the need to correct the shortcomings in the Reservation Policy, but no one has listened and very few people have supported, but now all the people have witnessed that the actions of I don't do it with feeling or with knowledge,” said Bah Adelbert.
The IBFF is affiliated to the Paralympic Committee of India and the International Blind Sports Federation, New Delhi.
You have a hymn translated by Bah Dharmo Ray, you have written a Hymn Book AH 379, you have written a song in JSM No.
Shillong, November 10 : The new government in Mizoram under the leadership of Lalduhoma as the Prime Minister has decided to abolish the purchase of new vehicles for MLAs from public funds as usual.
“We are pleased that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to take this issue to the Cabinet meeting and to consider whether this project affects the people and the farmers. “The government is ready to reject the proposal to dam the Umngot River,” he said.
SC Laloo, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that if there is any natural damage in relation to houses, plants, buildings, death of animals, injuries, or death of a person should lodge a complaint or FIR at the nearest Police Station.
The meeting was attended by Nongpoh MLA Mayrald Born Syiem, Umroi MLA, George B. Lyngdoh, Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun. , Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh and included religious leaders and other dignitaries who took a decision to oppose the casino and also to demand the repeal of the Gaming Act in Meghalaya.
Two days after the Panchayat elections in West Bengal, another clash has broken out in Cooch Behar ahead of the re-polling in 696 polling stations across 19 districts. districts of the state which was held yesterday.
The number of recoveries has risen to
They said that they have also met with the Director of Soil Department, who has said that he does not need to dismiss the officer.
Shillong, Naitung, 4: For the first time, the State Government has decided to set up an Advisory Board consisting of three members to look into the violations of the law by drug traffickers from time to time.
They speak the truth, with a generous spirit, they speak with responsibility, which gives hope.
On the call of the Minister of District Councils, Bah HDR Lyngdoh on the 27th to discuss the Bill, Bah Nongrum said the government has now responded to the earlier demand to convene a meeting to discuss the Bill. bill.
Speaking to Mawphor, the Vice-President of the party said that the non-implementation of this scheme is a corruption of the people's money and a threat to the development to which they are entitled.
Hek said that the construction of the rooms of the Tura Medical College has not been completed yet, but he expressed his surprise how the former Minister has refused to build the Shillong Medical College.
Appreciating the MLA's initiative and ensuring that the work is completed soon, the Rangbah Shnong said that this shows the spirit of work of the leaders for the safety and security of the people of the constituency. .
Elections are one of the external tools of democracy that allow the citizen to elect the best leaders to serve or perform his (citizen's) duties.
If you are lying, doing what is unclean and unrighteous, stealing, doing deceit, doing what is not right, then they will worship and give thanks to them as if they were giving thanks to God. .
“What is clear is that we have a choice between the Sixth Schedule or Article 371,” he said.
The CEO said that on these smart roads, roads will also be constructed to install electricity signs and others.
The Deputy Commissioner said it is understood that the opposition parties and job seekers are not familiar with the functioning, role and duties of the Employment Exchange and the Government's directive to use the services of the Employment Exchange. .
Replying to these questions, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the state government is still convincing the Central Government to grant the ILP in the state.
For more information, please contact the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
The personal visit of the Chief Minister and other Ministers was a great help, especially in relation to about 6,000 votes of the Khyllah Jait, of which only the Garo votes accounted for about half.
On this day, the students brought many traditional items from various crafts, food, musical instruments and other traditional crafts used by the three ethnic groups of the country. Meghalaya which includes Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
The request was made by the ethnic groups after the conclusion of a meeting organized by the Naga People's Movement for Human Rights (NPMH).
The fighting did not end in July, but on 8th November 2020, there was another clash between the two sides in parts of Ladakh.
It was also witnessed that this village produces a lot of synsar, many of the villagers are synsar farmers, it can also be said that this synsar cultivation is one of the main occupations of the villagers. village, that they earn to meet their household needs and also by earning from synsar cultivation they can send their children to school abroad.
This statement is unacceptable because the same Government is quick to waste public money to buy expensive new vehicles, to build unnecessary and dilapidated buildings, to waste the money in the payment of tor and byrta ki shula on the works which she has done.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The HSPDP, one of the parties in the coalition government of the MDA government, has said that it wants to have more cooperation between the ethnic parties ahead of the MLA elections in 2023 as they have agreed. and the UDP before the 2018 MLA elections.
In the year 2014-15, T.10,00,00,000 crore has been allocated.
Every human being is born into this world by parents.
When asked about the UDP's threat to remove him from the post of Chairman of the JHADC, Lakhon said that there is no intention to dissolve the current EC, but it will be up to them. party leaders and as MDCs obey the leaders.
Morocco, November 09: More than 1,000 people have lost their lives in an earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter Scale at 11 pm on Tuesday after 60 years.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: The 10th Annual Discover Jaintia Festival was inaugurated by the Deputy Chief Minister at U Sajar Nangli (Thadlaskein) Mukhla today. of the state, Prof. RC Laloo.
After the clash, one of the groups went to the police station to lodge a complaint. While the group was on its way to the police station, another group went to the police station and demanded that the police should not While the police were starting to investigate, one of the groups set fire to a Gypsy and started throwing stones at the police station.
The party wants to understand the positions of the ethnic parties and other political parties regarding the IOA and AA. turn to the thymmei"
The people were shocked and amazed and did not know who was right and who was wrong.
The Ram Krishna Mission, one of the organizations, which has helped the poor in education, health care, free of charge, has shown its great contribution, in This year, of this disease, with various assistance, to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Speaking to media, he said that the increasing number of accidents due to the failure of break has also affected the passengers. The documents from the office said that there are searches from time to time and even the imposition of fines on the four buses.
Meanwhile, the electricity bill of poor households and the public has been increased by three times.
On the same day, in the women's final, Syniasya won the title by beating Kharang 3-2 in a tie-breaker.
Shillong, Nailar 14 : Leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya have been shocked after reports spread that the party spokesperson, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang will contest the Lok MP elections. Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that the party has not yet received any letter from Bah HM Shangpliang to leave the party. party.
The continuous arrest of drug traffickers almost every day around Shillong has raised a big question mark how these people are so brave to commit such crimes. against society and the future of the youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: UDP General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar on Tuesday said that the report today that the UDP will announce its mid-term MDC candidate on the 28th of this month is wrong and not informed. He said that the party has not yet thought of electing a candidate.
Speaking on his meeting as Minister of State, Bah Lahkmen said that there have been many cases of conflict with teachers but these are not personal conflicts but only in the workplace. he said.
It is the responsibility of the government to protect the people and not the people to protect themselves.
However, the answer, unfortunately, is that all the government departments, answer that they do not have the money, not even a penny, to pay for the advertisements of the newspapers.
At the same time, the CEM said that regarding the Market, the Council has allocated some money for the construction of the market as part of strengthening the income generation. in the Jaintia Hills.
Likewise, Bihar, Maharashtra and this group has been strong with capable leaders while on the other hand they have only one leader,” he said.
The unemployment rate in Meghalaya is 85%, which is 35% higher than what the court had allocated.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap in West Jaintia Hills District on Friday held a tree planting ceremony on the site of the trees damaged by the Karbi at Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor, Lapangap.
Therefore, let us assume that the word “Paradoh-Parasnam” refers to the same Thymmei Source from which we come, although we are not related in form or blood.
He asked for the blessings of the gods before arriving at the Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati.
The Father represents God, the prodigal son represents us the people and the brother of the prodigal son represents the religious leaders.
Shillong: U BJP MLA from South Shillong constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai today reminded the Minister of Development, Bah Hamlet Dohling on the MUDA Building Act. On 13th July 2018, he had written to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to exempt the land under the jurisdiction of the District Council from the MUDA Building Rules as exempted by Meghalaya Town. and Country Planning Act, 1972 which stipulates that these Acts shall apply to the areas under the jurisdiction of District Councils.
Regarding the murder of the Rangbah, Bah J.Ramshon, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkyrdep, said that the murder of the Rangbah Shnong of Klew should be condemned by all. Because they have beaten and tortured a good man who has no signs of evil in the community and especially in evil deeds, as has been alleged in the media, who has been accused you are the Messiah.
ALIMCO has taken steps to modernize the facilities and produce quality equipment to keep pace with the changes across the globe.
“This is my conversation with Dr Donkupar at that time, that the media wanted to know my conversation with him at that time,” he said.
The MLA said that he has already talked to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to contribute for the construction of the tourist attraction and he too will contribute for the construction of the park. Bah Banteidor, who is also the President of the Mawkynrew Tourism Society (MTSS), which has won the Escape To Nongjrong festival and is in charge of the development of the festival. He said that the Society will set up an Information Center in collaboration with the Tourism Department of the State Government for the benefit of the tourists.
Members of the EJNC-Wapung Circle include Bormi Ryngkhlem, Vice President Jasonex Dkhar and General Secretary Royalseenwell Dkhar.
Hon. General Secretary of WJDSA Lammat-oo Laloo said that the Association congratulates the team for winning the Independent Day Cup U- 17 for the first time, the team will be able to take part in the WJDSA Under-17 Football League Tournament hoping to win from District Level, State Level and even at National Level.
On the 31st, the First Division will be played between Sabahmuswang and Moosyiem Shangpung at 12.00 pm.
So this will not get anywhere.
Tim Spector, professor of genetic epidemiology at King's College London, said: “Another area that may be important is the microbes in our gut, which themselves change between seasons and may lead to such changes due to those seasonal dietary changes".
In a denial of the allegation that Manipur has been flooded, a government official on Friday said that no more people will be killed in the state since 18th November. He said that peace and order will return to the state through the ongoing dialogue with the two ethnic groups, the Meitei and the Kuki.
Roynath D Sangma is a former MDC from Bhatabari constituency and has won MDC elections from Bhatabari constituency four times. He was defeated in the 2015 election by Mark Geora B Marak.
“We expect these Mining Plans to receive final approval.
At the time of writing, vehicles were lined up in the area of ​​Laimer, Laimer Shiteng and it was seen that it was climbing to Sawmer, Sawmer Shiteng and about to reach Sanmer.
He said that four Congress MLAs in the past years have joined the NPP government, where the party has suspended them.
On the other hand, the Nurses Association also took the opportunity to honor the retired nurses.
The new school was built at a cost of Rs 13.35 lakh through the donation of the brothers and sisters.
Politics will be good and flourishing only if it is entered by people who have adequate education.
Dikanchi also slammed the NPP for joining the BJP, saying that when the NPP is translated into Hindi it means BJP. NPP Conrad Sangma is only a supporter of the BJP and he has to obey whatever the BJP tells him to do.
These commercial vehicle drivers said that although the increase in the price of petrol by 5 tyngka has a little help but to say a lot of help does not help at all.
These items were seized from BOP Umsyiem and handed over to the customs office for legal action.
Emlang Pakma scored the first goal for Pammanik in the 17th minute and Dami Talang in the 40th minute while Monlangki Chyrmang scored the third goal for Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu in the 6th minute.
“We want this Act to be implemented in our district and other districts of the state,” he said. According to clause (4) of the Act, every shop should have an Internal Complaint Committee (ICC). ).
Higher Secondary School on the theme of the G20, saying that the main goal is to preserve the environment, stability and promote development amidst growth challenges.
“In this regard, we have decided to hold a consultation meeting with experts who have expertise in this field to get advice and also to get an answer on how to solve this problem, " he said.
He said that this is not the first time but the eighth time that the opposition has done this act which affects the lives of the people. We have already spoken to the law enforcement authorities and the OC of Diengpasoh Police Station to arrest those who committed this crime but we have not seen anything yet. report many times in connection with this work.
On the other hand, it is clear that the MDA members do not feel that they are the children of Hynniew Trep.
The Chairman has fulfilled his duty by sending a report to the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner, and the Deputy Commissioner has completed the report to the Governor.
But what we want to communicate here is the loss caused by conflicts.
It is not known how and how much the government will provide assistance.
Even if there is such a shortage according to the rules, the Government of Meghalaya should be responsible because in previous years the Governor (Meghalaya) has ordered the Government to fill the shortfall as others have done. languages ​​recognized in the Eighth Schedule.
There have been some public protests against it but till now the demand has not been met.
Saya Biswas, 35, wife of Dilip Biswas, received a land title from the Syiem of Majai. Sohra alone has received T.2000 tyngka.
The family, therefore, is recognized by the customs, the laws of the country and the religious beliefs.
Shillong, Nailar 06: Teachers of universities and colleges under the banner of the AIFU CTO will hold a one-day strike tomorrow, 7th July. one country and including Meghalaya.
Not only that, he also ate the kwai donated by Saralin Wankhar of Nonglum village, when he entered her house to ask about the toilet donated by the central government to every household.
Shillong: The President of the Congress Party in East Khasi Hills and former MLA of Mawphlang, Bah Kennedy C Khyriem, on Tuesday said that if the ethnic parties feel that they really love the people as they used to proclaim, they should “The UDP has 8 MLAs and now has 10 MLAs with the support of its own MLAs but the party does not want to oppose.
** The height of this stone from top to bottom is 172 meters.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul acknowledged that the state has been severely affected by the NGT ban on coal mining in the state.
