A.Lyngkhei, Clinical Psychologist, spoke on mental health.
Mahua Moitra, TMC, Supriya Sule, NCP; Pralhad Joshi and Arjun Meghwal of the BJP went to console the two.
Today alone, the BSF has confirmed 14 cases in East Khasi Hills, five cases in East Khasi Hills and seven cases in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the occasion, Dkhar said that although in 2013 he fought against Witting Mawsor.
The Death Cum Retirement Gratuity (DCRG) for teachers is still Rs 3.5 lakh at the same rate as they received 13/14 years ago.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PHE, Dr RC Laloo said that the PHE department is currently preparing to clean up the streams flowing into the Umkhrah River.
However, it is clearly written in the same memorandum that 80 per cent of the districts will remain even if there are no Garo,” he said. This is the mat, which leads astray the people.
On 28th November, the Meghalaya High Court has said that it does not want to know about the letters sent to Shillong. NHAI or the writings issued to the contractors, but what is needed is when the maintenance of the National Highway-6 will start and how long it will take to complete the work so that vehicles can pass. .
Rev.Dr.Fr.Ioannis War in his speech as the chief guest expressed his gratitude for this opportunity to hold a meeting with the brothers and sisters of the same Seiñjait “Ka Oor War”.
“Since the government has not allowed us to sell, many of us have been evicted because we cannot pay the rent and that is why we urge the government to create ways to allow us to sell. It doesn't matter if it's only 2 or 3 times a day,” said Diolin Pyrtuh.
Ostarnic, who was arrested from his residence in Jaiaw, was taken to Sadar police station and later brought before the court which ordered him to remain in police custody for seven days.
And Abraham said, Perhaps if there are less than 5 people (45 people) will you destroy it? I will not destroy it; said Blei.
The arrest of Phai Skhemlon came after the HYC had arrested his friend Dishan Lyngdon Nongbri, who had been arrested by the HYC. He confessed that it was a friend of his, Bah Phai, who ordered him to do this, while others were arrested. The jobs have been cut off to provide for Bah Phai but his duty (Bah Nongbri) is only to cut people and collect money.
When asked about the causes of death of poor women, Dr. Lyngdoh said that the main causes are blood transfusion, delay in coming to health centers to wait until they die. within 37 months) among others.
The house was completely destroyed by the fire and all the belongings were destroyed.
He said that the government has banned the cow trade, which has affected the livelihood of the poor.
Speaking to reporters, the Waheh Shnongs said that in fact these BSF troops should have been sent to the forest areas on the border with Bangladesh, because every time the Bangladeshis They used to smuggle into India from the forest areas in East Jaintia Hills District, but the government has sent them to patrol the national highway and this is something that these Waheh Shnongs do not accept. They also reminded that in the past few months, members of KSU Narpuh have expressed their anger over the smuggling of Dkhars from Bangladesh. They said that why the BSF troops cannot arrest such people who came from groups of smugglers into India, they demanded. These troops who used to patrol in Sonapur and Ratacherra should be sent to the forest areas to check the infiltration of Bangladeshis.
So I'm looking forward to continuing with another driving competition," Jaden said.
Troutney.
“This issue is still alive as discussions have taken place at the level of Chief Ministers (of Meghalaya and Assam),” he said.
The meeting was attended by Bah Smalling Talang, Convener of MIYF Jaintia Hills Division under the leadership of Ma Habanjop Raliang.
She said that the Prime Minister will meet with ACHIK on 24th November during his visit to Garo Hills.
The oxygen generators for Jowai, Tura and Nongpoh are from the UNDP and they are on their way and it is expected that they will be implemented in the coming months.
The incident happened at about 1 pm but no serious injuries were reported.
Thus, within two years, about 40% of the water supply has been delivered to the households and the rest will be completed soon.
Delmi Shylla of Chiehruphi village, East Jaintia Hills District has donated 10 byrni of rice and 54 kilos of flour to Deinshalu village on Monday.
Speaking to reporters, the youngest son of the victim said that the father of the only child has been in pain for some time. He said that this decision of his life may be due to the feeling that he is the burden of the family to provide for the medicines because he comes from a poor family and that his son is in the middle of studying.
The injured, 17, was taken to Jowai Civil Hospital.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that two new cases of corona virus have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
On the first day of Pentecost after His resurrection, the Apostles began to proclaim the message of Jesus' death and resurrection (Acts 2:22-36).
The five arrested members include Shanborlang Kshiar, David Ryngki, Wanlambok Wansai, Smallingstar Nongsiang and Stiliborn Khonglam. .57(9)13 and Mawlai PS case no.
He recalled that the arrest of Ma Don Rymbai was on the basis of his threat to him, which he had already recorded.
SCA, who tied first, scored well and Trinayan Dutta scored 90 runs from 76 balls (including 10 fours and five sixes) and Manthan Dey contributed 38 runs (including 4 fours and 3 sixes.
There are 1433 Polling Stations in KHADC, 1148 Polling Stations and 285 Polling Stations.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 15: The registration of new voters who have reached the age of 18 years will continue until the 1st of January
When asked, he said the reason why the residents have not accepted the MOU prepared by the MDA government is because other governments have also taken steps to resolve this issue, but they have not been able. They want to resolve this issue according to the Constitutional Boundary of Paragraph 20 of Article 6, but the MDA government's resolution of this issue is according to political convenience.
Of India, Shri. Hardeep S. Puri, said that all the public toilets have been brought in by preparing and implementing them as well as in the management without leaving them as pictures to show, but to allow for the bringing about of cleanliness in all respects.
Six consolation prizes worth Rs 5,000 were also awarded.
We all know that COVID-19 is a serious disease because there is no cure.
There is immorality, alcohol, drugs and other evils.
But nowadays these words have become part of everyday life of people.
Therefore, the public can meet them separately on these days.
This is Saurabh's second hundred runs in a first-class match and also the most runs.
Student groups and other political parties have held placards in many places where the Republic Day celebrations were held, police said.
“In a letter sent to Modi, Dr Mukul said that he has mentioned all the findings of the AITC.
It may be recalled that recently, the residents of Umlathu area, were shocked after they seized the documents sent by Aisail N. Sangma to the agents. Last month, they held a public meeting at Umlathu village to express their strong opposition, but due to lack of light, mynha on Friday once again they held another meeting on the same topic.
Speaking to media after the meeting of the District Councils including KHADC, JHADC and GHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that the meeting discussed the budget of the District Council. The District Councils shall not receive from the State Government.
The reason is that all the schools especially in Shillong have done business in each school.
Therefore, only those who have reached this age will receive assistance from the government.
Landowners are willing to give up their properties if it is at a higher price.
In North Garo Hills, 25 cases have been reported, in Ri Bhoi, 70 cases have been reported. Nongsang Cluster 7, Syadrit Cluster 3, Umbir Cluster 4, Umtasor Mawdkhar Cluster
" He advises, “When you speak to children or adults, always use the word “MAPHI”.
As the leaders of the Nongpoh Constituency, they also expressed that they have that spirit of happiness when the residents of the village have that spirit of cooperation for the cleanliness of the village and also They also said that the change in the village whether it is in the cleanliness, development or welfare is only through the cooperation of the people together with the villagers. village leaders and public representatives.
The Prime Minister admitted that if the INDIA comes to power, the country will see only darkness as there will be a decline in income while bloodshed and violence will increase.
He said that if the Government approves the ILP, there will be rules to ensure that there should be no inconvenience to the people passing through the state.
God sent His Son (Jesus Christ) to earth through a Jewish nation in Israel.
Another RSETI is in Mylliem East Khasi Hills which is run by Punjab National Bank, but other districts do not have RSETI. United Bank of India, Jowai, but the bank has not yet taken action on this.
“Meghalaya is second only to Mizoram in terms of tobacco consumption,” he said.
However, the spraying of fish in the rivers needs to be stopped completely and at the same time it is necessary to take action to spread the message of the need to preserve and maintain the fish. ki dohum, because their presence not only attracts rawon but also helps in cleaning the water of the rivers, because the dohum when they live in the rivers, all the food they eat is clean. to clean up the water waste, which man can use for reuse.
The program was opened with a patriotic song.
In honor of him, the Executive Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on 16th March, 2023, has decided to close down the Seng Khasi College, Jaïaw. and all the schools under the jurisdiction of the Seng Khasi Kmie on the 18th March, 2023, which is the last day of the funeral for the body of this man, so that all those who are in these The schools of the Seng Khasi Kmie will be able to take part in the last tribute to this Leader of the Seng.
In the match against South Korea, Portugal failed to do well and the match ended 2-1, Ricardo Horta scored the first goal for Portugal. in the 5th minute of the first half.
Rev Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, MPCA member, said that the new election law puts the voters who are citizens of India at great risk.
They also said that they have never heard of forced dismissal of those who have worked for more than 50 years even if they are on contract and this is the first time that this has happened in the state.
As the saying goes, prevention and thought are better than cure or struggle for improvement.
He said that in any case, the state government should not delay in reading the Bills of the Council and it is its duty to complete them within two or three months.
In the men's category, Sonu Hooda won the gold medal in the 60kg category.
:-(i) The ILP implemented under the provisions of the BEFR 1873 is a pass which a foreigner must obtain before entering any State where this Act has been implemented but does not may yet stay beyond the limit.
Boys Secondary School near Jaiaw Student Field
There is only one shortcoming.
Rajnath's reply was to the question whether the Indian government is ready to talk to the North Eastern groups.
In a statement, President Ajay Kumar Singh said, “The President of India has appointed Brig.
Allenby Pde lodged a complaint that on 18th June, 2023, robbers stole the equipment related to the transformer from Harisava, Laban.
He demanded that chess should be handed over to the police to look after the smuggling especially the cow smuggling as they don't trust the Custom office anymore. police, because we don't trust the Custom anymore,” he said.
I would also like to thank my dear people, who have supported and participated in this glorious victory.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong on Friday are Mino Nongkhlaw, 50, of Pomlum, Upper Shillong, Keshab Prasad Sharma, 66, of Raj Bhawan, Shillong. Noah Mawlong, (96) of Weimynsier, West Khasi Hills, passed away at home on 14th November 2021; from Mawmih Tree, East Khasi Hills.
Riatsiatsim, Mynthong, Chutwakhu, Khimmusniang, ChilliangRaij, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Loomiongkjam, Panaliar, Dulong, Tpep Pale, Newhill, Carondolinethapung, Co-Langiroh, Doondolydthapung, Salaboh, way, Locusts , Jowai, Mookyrdup and Loompariat.
Happy New Year.
The death toll has risen to 3.88 lakh.
Speaking briefly on the occasion, Shan Muganathan said that teachers should try their best to ensure that the attendance of students is not 100 percent or at least 98 percent.
He said that Baba, although he is only a rickshaw driver, has worked hard for the AAP in the last legislature.
The UDP has been pleased with the decision of Kong Nonglait to support Bah Paul.
Nongpluh said that RTI is an Act implemented in 2005 which empowers the people to search for the facts and through this Act these things become clear because the people also get information. He said that Section 4 is a provision that empowers government departments to provide information on any matter and recently the Supreme Court. It has issued an order that all government departments should not provide information to the public.
The team has not yet sought to replace the 29-year-old.
He said the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma has already agreed to allocate funds for the construction of the house.
No of posts:- 1 (One)Place of posting:- Civil Hospital, ShillongUpper age limit:- up to 35 yearsEssential Qualification:- Should be a Medical graduate (MBBS) with 5 years of experience in clinical care preferably related to infectious diseases .
He said that the residents living near the garbage dumps of these Dhabas have been severely affected, as they have to breathe in the air which can affect the health of the people. public health.
However, don't take this test to check.
He said that these allegations are childish talk just to get the sympathy of the people and to mislead the people, but they don't know that it is something else.
Earlier, there was talk that Bah Lambor could contest against his brother, but as it turns out these days, it could be something else.
Also present on the occasion was Josaphia Wankhar, CEO of Shillong Cooperative Urban Bank Ltd., Shillong.
The baby boy will be born in November 2020 and will be Ecclestone's first son.
“When you say weak, you mean a person who cannot make a decision,” he said.
Meghalaya will now prepare to return home and prepare for the final match of which the dates will be announced by the All India Football Federation.
“The North East has suffered injustice in the past decades,” said Bah Jyrwa, “we will say this from time to time, from generation to generation. that the Government of India has wronged us but the Government of India has denied that it has wronged us.
If our goals are unrealistic, we do well not to put them in our minds.
Therefore, the village authorities suspect that it may be the man who attacked the schoolgirl.
The main reason why the residents of Umblai village took to the streets on that day was the violence and attack by the Syiem of Sohra Hima and the residents of Laitduh village. illegal and other activities in these areas without respecting the stay orders issued by the KHADC Shillong and also by the Sub Divisional Officer (c) Sohra Civil Sub-Division Sohra.
Give your support in a spirit of humility and on the 27th we will come out with one voice to throw the bomb".
The search for a new DGP is in full swing and the government will soon appoint a permanent one.
The Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu has announced that it has banned any owner from allowing foreigners to stay within the boundary of the village and has also banned truck drivers from returning home and entering the village. I'm sorry for the whole thing.
Therefore, these five teams will have to play well in order to qualify for the Meghalaya State League to be held soon by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA).
At the same time, he expressed his sorrow for the identity of the nation because in this age there is no Tirot Singh anymore.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Farmers from different parts of East Khasi Hills District today protested against the government for not getting enough fertilizer to plant crops.
The Center will provide services to the children in the field of spiritual poverty, income, health and others and to rehabilitate them when they grow up as young people. responsible people.
It is wrong to accuse the HSPDP of taking power,” said Bah Nongrum.
Shillong, March 10 : The KSKBUH has demanded that the government should hand over an inquiry to the SBI into the shooting death of former HNLC leader Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
these are the words of the hypocritical Pharisees of the Jewish nation of Israel.
This depends on the wisdom of the village authorities and the election has no objection,” he said.
Those who think they are “somebody's special” or that they are like them are no longer here on earth.
Only two districts have confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills-3 and Ri-Bhoi District-1
In Jaintia Hills District, many shopkeepers have taken advantage especially in Mihmyntdu, Tuber and other areas where buyers have to buy mineral water at a price of 20 to 25 tyngka. Kurkure which costs 20 lady 25 tyngka.
He said that the union will lodge a complaint with the DC of Ri Bhoi District to immediately stop the construction of the road and give him 10 months. The party will go to the scene to immediately stop the crossing of the border from Assam into the land of Meghalaya.
At the launch of ASPIRE 2.0 in Shillong, Kevinstrong Lawriniang, a participant of Aspire Meghalaya 2019 and who also won first place in the MBOSE SSLC 2021 examination, said, “Six years ago I didn't think about it. to stand before the Honorable Prime Minister and members of the Cabinet, dignitaries, and about 500 people and to avoid speaking out, but through ASPIRE and its training, I was able.
Sadly, some of them have died halfway due to the bad condition of the road.
The HNYF said that there is no objection to any political party to hold any meeting or any issue to demand but only one thing is not to blame the political parties.
Darwin Nunez almost scored in the 10th minute through a mistake by Argentina defender Nicolas Otamendi.
Other parties can speak as they please but we as the National Party have to think about the present and tomorrow,” said Bah Pala.
Shillong, March 04 : St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, which represented Meghalaya in the U-17 men's category, beat Sainik 4-0 in the Subroto Cup. School in the game on Tuesday.
" If we compare it with the Bible, we understand that if we can see the speck in the eye of others, others will also see the speck in our own eye and it will be equal to cleanse the wrong – share, subscribe and comment.
Speaking to media, James said that after a thorough investigation, it was found that the PPA is unfair, which is why the government has decided to abolish it. The PPA has been stayed by the Court and the NTPC has issued the rules.
In reply, Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that on March 2, 2020, Lumdiengjri Police Station lodged a complaint against Vickey Dey.
In a long statement, KSU President Lambok Starwell Marngar and General Secretary Donald V Thabah recalled the struggles of the KSU since 1993 against the mining of uranium.
Shillong, Iaiong 5: Four relatives of a man have been admitted to hospital after eating tit.
In fact, the tournament was scheduled to start on Tuesday (16th), but due to heavy rain on Sunday and Tuesday, it was postponed. prompt the authorities to relocate.
According to the law implemented by the GHADC, other ethnic groups are not allowed to operate wholesale in Garo Hills but the WTO has found that the GHADC has issued licenses to other ethnic groups to operate wholesale. in Garo Hills without complying with the provisions of Section 3 of the Garo Hills Regulation No.
He said that during his tenure as CEM, the Syiems of different Himas had requested to translate into Khasi, because they did not understand well and he could not at that time and it is only now that it has been translated into Khasi. urlong.
The department has streamlined the distribution of ration by implementing the Fair Price Shop Automation Project in which 4733 electronic points of sale (e-POS) have been installed in all ration shops in the state.
From others, the people, especially the indigenous people, do not expect much because they understand that they do not have the knowledge of the situation of the state and the citizens.
The approval of the Assembly as a whole without any hesitation has been a real shock to the whole world.
Apart from the HSCs, the government is facing difficulties in providing doctors even in hospitals, CHCs and PHCs. Secretary to the Ministry of Health, Prabin Bakshi.
The remarks came hours after Ajit Pawar and NCP MLAs joined the BJP-Shiv Sena government led by Eknath Shinde on 2nd November. requested Sharad Pawar to think carefully regarding his cooperation with the party.
and it shall be no more at all” (Matthew 24:21).
Therefore, the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has a goal to help the women in the state through such schemes.
The RK Bros. shop on Keatinge Road has been temporarily closed since yesterday after a case of corona virus entered the shop.
At the same time, the party has urged the 60 MLAs of Meghalaya to speak out against this issue and also urged the KHADC. The inspector of the land should not issue permission or NOC to the government or any company because they know that if the mining of this land is true, it will not be done. destroy every living thing on the earth.
For example, if necessary in the homes of others, the Rangbah Shnongs do not allow large numbers of people to come even to family members who live in other villages.
Ask for their advice on how to explain to the MLAs or Ministers to meet the demands of the civil society which means the whole nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The EE (PHE) & Member Secretary of DWSM (SWGH) has sent a complaint that on the night of the 1st of this month, robbers have been arrested. The power line cables were stolen from Konapara, Gangikona (SWGH).
“What you need to do for yourself is determination and devotion, and you will find that opportunities will open up for you,” he urged the children. .
Raising the issue in the House, Ampati MLA Miania D Shira said that she had lodged a complaint against the tender but the surprising thing is that after the tender was issued, When the High Court announced its decision, the petitioner withdrew the petition and this caused some doubt and suspicion.
“Even without knowing the name, just knowing the phone number is enough and the work has gone smoothly.
Along with Sohra MDC Titoster Well Chyne, Shella MLA Balajiedkupar Synrem, Teibor Pathaw, Head of Building Department, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Executive Member, Teinwell Dkhar MDC Shella, Chairman of the Council, Stephan Laloo, Sirdar of Mawlong Hima and others were invited.
The results showed that Ma Vincent won 32 constituencies.
The Court has suspended all appointments within the State Government while the State does not have a roster system in the State Reservation Policy.
Unfortunately, the old famous road from Gauhati via Mirza, Ranigudam, Patharkhmah, Umshohphria to Nongkhlaw is no longer there but has been paved with colour.
The purpose of this program is to discuss village issues to solve the problems of the village for the benefit of the community.
He said that it is difficult to find these people who are accustomed to setting fire to the hills and forests because before they set fire to the area they look carefully in all four directions to see if there are any people who see them.
Speaking to reporters, Lakadong said that the executive committee (EC) of KHADC has recently decided to start conducting such inspections so that the owners of the shops, especially the Foreign countries, they should not comply with the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulations Act.
The presence of this tree, which is decorated with beautiful lights and bright lights, the brightness of the golden light has stirred up the souls of everyone which is also the specialty of this holiday season.
However, Meghalaya managed to turn the tide in the 37th minute through Figo Syndai.
NEHU has also upgraded the syllabus of many disciplines.
Shillong: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, today appointed the Governor of Meghalaya, Shri Tathagata Roy, the Governor of Tripura and the incumbent Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad. appointed as the Governor of Sikkim.
“The main problem is the traffic jam and for that reason, we have decided to move the Secretariat to Shillong and hope to bring about 30-40 percent traffic,” said Sniawbhalang.
However, in the whole world even the WHO acknowledges that this is a terrible disease, it is also a disease that appears and does not appear like other diseases or that disease that we call the disease. symptomatic and asymptomatic disease.
“I would like to urge the people that we can no longer be like the HSPDP, which has a strong foundation to fight for the welfare of the people of the jaidbynriew, regardless of who has it. em is not you suck.
HSS in the middle.
These teachers were appointed during the tenure of Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, in the year 2010-1
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma at his office to congratulate him on the government's recognition of the works. Rev. Thomas Jones.
The Shillong Run-10K, 2023 will be held on the 12th of July this year in the city. .
When contacted by phone, Bah John Kharshiing said that he went to attend the meeting after being invited by the leaders of the Meghalaya BJP State Kisan Morcha to deliver a speech. as the chief guest at the Farmers Day celebration.
Speaking to reporters, Purno said it is up to him to point fingers at Mukul. “He (Mukul) is the chairman of all the opposition parties,” he said.
This comes after the proposal to build a railway line in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, has faced strong opposition from various groups including the Sengbhalang who are concerned about the infiltration of foreign authorities.
Police are also searching for his friends.
The Unitarian Church, Jowai has celebrated its 135th anniversary since its foundation on November 18,
On the part of the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, he congratulated the Prime Minister for the measures he has taken which will benefit the people of the State.
Then a woman from a gypsy came out and knieh the keys to my car and my mobile. I fell on the ground, the bombs tied me with stones and wood, I tried to escape as a woman, but because of the crowd I couldn't, at that time there was a driver. The driver of the car pulled me into the Bolero and protected me and took me farther away.
According to the RTI reply, in the personal interview with 500 full marks, Larikynti Kharshiing, who scored the highest marks in the written test, was absent while Melvereen Iangrai, who scored the second highest marks, was absent. Natalie Ione Dkhar, who scored 118 marks in the written test and 182 out of 500 marks in the personal interview, did not come.
The Government of India has appealed to the Supreme Court, through the Delhi Police, saying that any violation of the Republic Day would be an insult to the country.
This will be one of the largest training centers for Medical Skills in the North East region.
With nine shlems in operation and many in preparation, PRIME was launched in 2019, and aims to develop and assist local entrepreneurs through various training methods including from start-up training, guidance, financial assistance, investment and the ability to get to know those involved.
The power of real money has destroyed all the rights of the people and also the clean and beautiful market of this Khasi country.
Continuing to reply, the Minister said that creating drama and trying to express one's feelings is not the way.
There are more than 1000 beneficiary families.
The protest was held to sleep in the middle of the road in Khliehriat to protest against the unfair behavior of the NHAI and the state government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Kong Fenela L Nonglait on Tuesday said that she has no problem joining the BJP but on the conditions that if Assam does not fight against Langpih.
Rupang spoke to Shillong Hyundai and a spokesperson of the company, who did not want to be named, said, “Ma Passah's check is still in the office”.
Deposit Dkhar scored in the 23rd minute, Arun Dkhar in the 26th minute, Juk Dkhar in the 41st minute and Raplangki Lyngdoh in the 64th and 76th minutes.
The Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship in East Khasi Hills District, which is about 10km from Mawphlang, is one of the Himas which has such a Lawkyntang.
As Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, he has been involved in many activities related to the Church in the North East and also in India at the Conference of Catholic Bishops of India.
However, the High Court has given three months to the Secretary of Transport to report on the actions and measures taken.
The team that will organize Miss Grand India Meghalaya includes Butterfly and Meepo Management.
On this occasion, besides 140 students who passed the SSLC examination, the Felicitation Committee also awarded special honors to Samla Sohan Thapa, a student of New Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Mawsmai, has received a special donation from Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun. and a Laptop as part of the encouragement to the students to pass the SSLC examination as he has already promised to the public in the Constituency.
To set up an independent inspection team to inspect the safety of houses, buildings and street shops in Khyndai Lad and around the city,” said the Seng.
These youths who have been selected by the State Government also sign a promise to serve the State after completing their studies.
He said that the railway department had applied for the NOC from the KHADC after the passage of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act,
In 2003, Yorit and Aviram Rozin started the Sadhana Forest in Auroville, India.
On the other hand, Bah Latiplang said that although it was a successful campaign, he expressed his regret that most of the time there are Khasi who protect the Dkhars when the Council holds the campaign. because they came to claim that they owned the shops.
The HNLC is not against India or against the rich or the poor, it is not against Muslims or Hindus, but as a party it stands for righteousness and truth”.
After receiving the information from the RTI, the residents of Rambrai, held a meeting to discuss how to proceed and decided to appeal to the Kashari High Court to get a fair trial on the case. This is the problem of the people of the constituency.
“As far as I know, IIT Guwahati has no relationship with these companies and I have personally told them that whatever you do, do it honestly because if you are wrong I cannot accept it especially if I I know that you are involved with these companies, I will not accept the report and the HPC can remove you from the investigation,” said Dasakhiat.
The discussions at the meeting focused on issues affecting the Catholic community of India as well as preparations for the Centenary Celebration of the AICU in
Nongpoh: On the 8th of this month, Jorobad Police have seized a truck carrying illegal drugs from Khetri with the intention of smuggling drugs to Guwahati. 680 song of Officer's Choice were also seized.
because you have bat simkad and you wei.
Speaking to media, Conrad said that the entry of leaders, MLAs and the people during the elections will continue and the reason will be known better by those MLAs who have been elected. leave work.
Shillong: U Bah P.Syiem, MPS, Addl.SP, West Jaintia Hills, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 15th of this month at 9:30 pm while he and other employees were YR Mawlong, MCS, EAC, Jowai, in the presence of YR Mawlong, Jowai, at Maa Jayanti Mandir, Nartiang (WJH), was attacked with stones and weapons.
The SP said that the police should join hands with the BSF in patrolling or checking any suspected vehicles.
The announcement came just a month before the Lok Sabha elections, in which the five-judge Constitution Bench announced to end the investment that has yet to be reviewed.
David R.Marak I/C Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch and Sub-Inspector Krishna Kumar Ruchal of Sadar Traffic Branch won the Best Shillong Traffic Policemen Award.
VH Pala as the chief guest, spoke about the work he has done for many years in the Rotary Club, saying that the Rotary Club is one of the groups that can bring together people. He also congratulated the Rotary Club Jowai under the leadership of Rtn.
Shanbor Mylliem Umlong President Youth Wing Umsning Block and Bobby Khongsngi President Mahila Umsning Block.
Let us look at the deaths that occurred according to the Bible.
Martam said that at the time of his death, the two men had not died and if the Fire Brigade arrived immediately, the two men would be dead. they shall not die in the fire.
[from a reporter]The meeting convened by the government with all political parties to discuss the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) tomorrow may fail as many political parties including the UDP You will not be able to attend this meeting tomorrow, 2nd November,
Speaking to media in front of the Secretariat, Mayborn said that they have sent a letter on the 1st of this month to meet with the Chief Minister but till today they have not received a letter. This is the reason why they will stand in front of the Secretariat.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Vincent H Pala congratulated the Samla Shnong Mawten from the office bearers of the Samla Shnong, Rangbah Shnong for celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Mawten Samla Shnong. This is a reminder that as young people we have unity in the village through which we have hope for a bright future.
Santosh Kumar Gangwar – Minister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Labor and Employment2.
In another match, Shakinah Academy beat Brawlers 55-27 points.
“Are they afraid that I will come, I came only to reassure, I came to help explain the party candidate.
The committee has been strongly criticized by the people and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
Expressing his concern over the price of electricity, Conrad said that the State does not have full authority over the price of electricity set by MeECL as this is the responsibility of the Regulatory Commission. .
Jowai, June 05: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai today announced the distribution of AAY, PHH and NON-NFSA as well as AAY and PHH under the PMGKAY scheme for the month. March 2022 has been released to wholesalers for delivery to all FP Shop Centers in West Jaintia Hills District from 04th June 2022 to 15th June
Speaking on the occasion, u Shongknor said that to fight against COVID-19 is not only the government, but the cooperation of all. the citizens have a responsibility for themselves.
He said that if they are serious about this issue, they should send proper statements so that the government can take this issue to the central government.
Many times, why do you not receive an answer to your prayers? It is because we pray not to God but to men.
Albinus said that only the President and the leaders of the Primary Units were invited to the meeting and requested the non-members not to feel anything, but to attend. now outside.
In ruling and judging, these leaders have misused their power; especially Harry Inglis who violated the rights of the Khasi for personal gain.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie said that he came with his own body to ensure that everything is in place.
However, many of the residents said that it was not due to the power outage as it was during load shedding.
When we look at the current situation in the world, especially in India including our state, we see that the corona virus, as admitted by those powerful people of the world, has caused fear and affected to the extent of people’s homes.
On Tuesday, all these drugs were burnt down.
Shillong: The Congress has announced a strike across India today to protest against the BJP-led NDA government over the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
Twenty-seven schools have participated in this tournament.
If we cannot follow Jesus' teachings, that is our weakness.
Wellbirth Rani, one of the leaders of the UDP, who is also the former President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), on 1st June, left to support the candidate of the People's Democratic Front (FKJGP). PDF) together with the supporters, along with the rules that the PDF Candidate must follow if he wins the victory.
Therefore, they did not listen to the people.
Before the handover of the jaiñkup and the release of the logo of the party, a prayer was delivered by Pastor Rev.Ïaidbiang Marweiñ. verses from the Bible to teach about the incarnation of Jesus Christ that Christians around the world celebrate the birthday of Jesus on November 25 every year.
Naba, who bled from the chest, was shot and placed in the front seat of the vehicle to be rushed to hospital, but the minister died later. some time.
Fire & Emergency Services used a boat to fight the strong current of the Myntdu River to rescue Mar.
Death before the date of commencement of risk the amount shall be equal to the policyholder's fund value to be paid, death after the date of commencement of risk the amount shall be equal to the maximum basic sum assured. The Basic Sum assured shall be 10* Annualized Premium or 105% of the Total Premium paid.
The Cherry Blossom Festival is scheduled to start on the 17th of November and end on the 19th of November.
“If you go to every petrol pump, inside the machines where we fill the oil there is a sticker that says 10% Ethanol Blended which means petrol mixed with 10% ethanol.
Don't show partiality in judgment. Listen to the small as well as to the great. Don't be afraid of the face of man because that judgment belongs to God.
Smit CC scored 140 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 20 overs.
However, it is at this time that we need our cooperation to curb the spread of this disease.
Kenny Lyngdoh said, “This film shows that all these things are not what we think or see from the outside.
Among other recommendations, the IOC has unanimously approved the IOC's recommendation that teams of athletes who have their own identity as Russian athletes or Belarus will not be accepted at all and those who will not participate in the tournament will also be players who have given their support for the war as well as players who are still under contract with the Russian army. and Belarus.
Khliehriat, March 09: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held on Tuesday at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
It is for this reason that those who are rich turn to the human climate and turn away from the religious climate.
The court sentenced him to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of T.30,000 under Section 6 and three months imprisonment if he fails to pay the fine.
Nongpoh, November 17: In anticipation of the coming of the Son of God into this world known as Christmas and to join hands to celebrate this special day, the The Ri Bhoi District Christmas Celebration Committee (RBDCCC) on Thursday evening opened the Shyngoid of the Child Jesus and also the decoration of Nongpoh town as part of the celebration of Christmas and to welcome the New Year. new.
Among the bowlers, Aksah Kumar Choudhury, who took 34 wickets in four matches, finished 10th in the country. He is the second top scorer with an average of 13.76 and a strike rate of
The decision to suspend all tournaments was taken at a meeting of the Tournament Committee, which was held this month.
The road searcher has planned to get a job for himself and a foreigner.
South West Khasi Hills beat West Garo Hills 3-0
Two persons in the vehicle, Babalu Singh, 56, and Suranjan Mahto, 39, both from Bihar, were arrested.
“However, since the incident, all these photos of Walinda and her boyfriend have been deleted by him and he is no longer seen on social media.
The celebration of Christmas depends on people's beliefs and understanding of the true meaning of Christmas.
“Of these MLAs, half are still with the INC and half have joined the Trinamool Congress.
Japan's Osako scored another goal in the 73rd minute.
“We will ensure that the government to form a government in Delhi cannot do without the MPs of the ethnic parties and they cannot do whatever they want,” he said.
The investigation into the incident is expected to be completed within a month.
President Bah KP Pangniang said that this issue has been on the party's election manifesto for this election and the roster system should be implemented forward and not backward.
The source said that NPP supporters in Sahsniang have blocked the roads and paths for UDP supporters and have also used force against the CrPF troops guarding the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The struggle against the MBOSE's change of Khasi MIL to MIL optional has intensified at a meeting of KHADC MDCs, civil society groups and the public on Saturday. It has decided to set up a committee to monitor with the government to make the Khasi language compulsory in the MIL.
He encouraged the people that the spirit of their cooperation in many areas and activities should not end here but should continue to give more and more for the cause. to bring more development works in the village and also through the collaboration of MGNREGA and BASIN has been one of the main reasons to support this project.
According to a statement sent by the Joint Chief Electoral Officer, the DGP Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi has informed about the maintenance of peace and order in the state and in the border areas.
On the demand for a salary increase, the President of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association, Bah Aristotle Rymbai, said that the government will put it as one of the issues for discussion in the State Education Commission. will soon be appointed to discuss all the issues of teachers, schools and other issues related to teachers.
At the time of writing, no details have been received as the relevant authorities are conducting an investigation and also to provide assistance to the victims.
Federal Government Guidelines on COVID-19 Prevention· The Central Government's guidelines will continue to be followed throughout the country regarding the prevention of COVID-19, ensuring that you are separated from each other.
He said that the conduct of treatment is not only to bring in doctors to provide free treatment but the most important thing is to provide prevention against diseases.
Now it cannot be said that almost every village and township women have been able to stand on their own feet through SHGs because through their cooperation they have also benefited from various schemes of the state and central governments.
Remember to keep batteries and flashlights nearby.
The body of the woman was taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital for post mortem after the arrival of her relatives who are still on their way to Delhi.
Sneha said, “The important thing is to verify the age of the child and if there is doubt about the age of the children, permission should be obtained from the JJB to verify the age according to the rules of law.
In Matthew 5:11, 12, he says, Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
According to the CAG report, the housing department has spent up to T.22.13 crore to repay part of the loan and to spend on necessities.
The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NEC) has issued an order dated 20th July 2017 against the use of children during the elections. the letter dated 21 June 2017.
According to him, the coal mining will not only benefit the people but will also increase the revenue collection of the State where all the residents will benefit.
It was also clarified that this pond is not the village pond and it is the pond of the VEC of the village. adults who are featured in the media.
The purpose of this meeting was to find ways and means how to raise awareness among the people of India and the North East to fight against the spread of this disease, to People living with HIV and AIDS have suffered from social stigma and helping people living with HIV and AIDS. The NEC Secretary was accompanied by the Director of NACO New Delhi Ms. Nidhi Kesarwani, NEC Officers, NACO, Project Directors of State AIDS Control Societies of 8 States in the North East and other other.
The tournament will end on June 5,
“After the announcement of the results, they will think and we will take a decision.
On the same day, the President of the Seng Khihlang, Bah HR Kurbah, also launched the book Ka Parom of the Raid Ialong, written by Bah Sing Mulieh.
We are not surprised by that because even here in Khasi Jaintia there are those who call them 'Blai', there are those who call them 'Bli' and others.
These coal mines are owned by Tillerson Syad and Enjoywell Syad. The manager, Aiban Bareh, has also been arrested.
Nongpoh: The T.84 crore road from Baridua to Umsen, which is 30 km long, has been completed and as it can be seen now, It was found that the road, which was laid the foundation stone in the last months of 2020, has now been completed and it is hoped that it will be completed soon.
So far, 54 cases have been confirmed and 43 have recovered.
The farmer said that he did not receive the money because he did not have a bank account.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kitboklang Sangriang, Sordar of Photjalei, said that he knew that the animal was not a wild elephant, but a man-made one.
“Of course there may be rust spots or personal differences.
KHADC Chairman Lamphrang Blah announced that the EC of Titosstarwell has failed and the election of the CEM will be held on July
Lokiangbam Shella Devi scored the first goal in the 11th minute followed by Serto Lynda Kom in the 72nd minute.
Many of them have been blamed for this traffic jam if they are late for their poor work.
The driver of the truck (UP 76-K-8582) has fled the scene after the collision. The Scooty, which was ridden by the two men, did not have an A/F number plate.
It is also believed that whoever wins the rice will be good on that side between the fields and the fields.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today announced that 20 percent of the vehicles will be allowed to drive. percent in Shillong and 50 percent in the rural areas.
The JSU said that since 20th November until today, the services of Jio have been disrupted due to lack of network and this has angered the JSU and has closed down its office until it can provide the network. throughout the region.
In a statement sent by Bah Hercules Suting, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) is surprised that Assam has promised to suspend the police station. They started working at another place in Umru, which revealed the violence of Assam to cross the border with Meghalaya.
:The EMs in charge of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today visited the 6th November, 2023 to inspect Trading and Labor License of foreign shops in Ïewduh.
Shillong, November 21 : The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem on Friday asked whether there is anything wrong with the Executive Members of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). illegal trafficking within the Council's boundaries.
It is also believed that even crops such as rice, wheat and other vegetables have died.
The rally started at 10 pm and continued until 12.30 pm, with many students and religious leaders of the Catholic Church gathering at the rally. Police have banned vehicles from traveling for two hours.
The incident happened on the 13th of this month near Mawjymbuiñ Crematorium in Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills District.
After a 17-hour raid, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) has arrested Tamil Nadu Electricity, Excise and Prohibition Minister V.Senthilbalaji in connection with the the case of the acquisition of unrighteous wealth.
The only truth is that there is a great deal of suffering in the country because the darkness has covered the future of the educated youth and no one seems to be willing to cure this disease.
He said the High Level Committee will also hand over a copy of the Blueprint to the Harijan Panchayat Committee tomorrow.
“If the government can implement the bill, there is no point for the District Council to continue drafting the bill,” he said.
Ernest has been elected as the new president of the BJP for the term 2020 to 2023, the post held by Shibun.
Successive governments have tried to hold talks in Delhi but they should intensify the talks so that the work can succeed.
Some of them claimed ownership over the land.
Kropha said that today, there were several incidents, but the most serious incident was the stone throwing of the vehicle of the Sanker Nursing Home of Dr Sandy Syiem and then the vehicle of the Sanker Nursing Home of Dr Sandy Syiem. The vehicle of the Additional Deputy Commissioner, which he did not name.
On the 16th of June, Pala praised the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, for completing the high level investigation into the alleged trafficking. illegal mining of coal in the state.
Shillong, July 27: Before the CEM of KHADC arrived at the High Court for his appearance, it was seen that the entrance to the High Court was covered with police in uniform. ing judgment.
Many people who witnessed the deterioration of the Dew Lynnong due to the quarrying and spreading of shyiap have spread the story until it has reached the offices of the District Administration of West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Meanwhile, Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy said that the decision taken by the Nongkrem MLA is not appropriate to take now, although it is a very important issue.
The asteroid 2002 PZ39 will pass near Earth at a speed of 35,500 miles per hour and on 15th June 2020, it will pass near Earth at 11.05 am GMT. (6.05am EST) and if it hits the earth, it will kill millions of people, scientists say.
" said the Great People.
L Challam from Jowai said that he has already lodged a complaint against the increase in his electricity bill from T.1172 to T.3159 for 75 days. The General Secretary of the Dorbar Chnong Panaliar said that the increase in the bill bill in his house was due to a mistake by the bill counters and the offices also acknowledged this. Cermi Phawa, Executive Engineer, Jowai Revenue Division, MECL, has also sent a letter to J. Sumer, Executive Engineer, Jowai Revenue Division, MECL regarding the sudden increase in the price of electricity. On the other hand, u Carmi Phawa urged the public to improve the bill counting system to avoid any confusion and loss of income to the public. Take care of this, you should investigate to find out the truth, you shouldn't just sit back and pay what you shouldn't pay.
T.3.97 lakh was recovered from her body.
His first wife was the oldest and widest.
On the other hand, the President of JSM Wapung Unit, Samla Eiladmiki Dkhar, said that this is an act of violence by the Jowai Municipal Board. The Municipal Jowai should come and clean up these garbage immediately and should not just spread it to the villages and promised that if they don't come to take and clean up these garbage from the union the union will also clean up these garbage. They picked up the garbage and threw it in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the increase in violence against women is due to the increasing misuse of social media platforms and the lack of Information Technology ( IT) Policy that is appropriate in the country.
Mukroh still falls within the border of Meghalaya and this is the basis on which we stand and we have made it clear from the first day”.
Riangdo, November 21: The FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle today held a meeting with the FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle leaders. , they met with the Executive Engineer of MEPDCL West Khasi Hills District to discuss and explain the problems faced by the people of the area.
Prestone said there were about 5-6 candidates who wanted tickets to contest from Shillong seat.
As it turned out at this meeting, there are people in the area who have sold their land to other people and there are also people who live in the area who do not want to sell, so What has frightened and confused these people who do not want to sell is that they are afraid that their land will also be sold.
Shillong, Lber 20 : U Sekharaia Sohthiang, 25, of Mawlong, Shillong, on Saturday night, was shot dead by four persons. I don't know who speaks a foreign language.
In Rajabala, there were 14,462 males and 15,219 females or 29,681 voters or 90.63 per cent.
Condemning Riya Sangma's claim that only the BJP can resolve the border issue, Marak said the TMC has leaders like Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, George B Lyngdoh and TMC MPs who demanded the cancellation of the social agreement signed by the two state governments led by Himanta Biswa Sharma and Conrad Kongkal. Sangma who are the Chief Ministers of the two states.
The people from the border areas who need emergency treatment in Shillong are the worst affected,” he added.
Ranbir Kapoor, a well-known actor and Alia Bhatt's boyfriend, has also tested positive for the virus.
“I find that the people join the TMC for many reasons maybe it is because there is a conspiracy and if the TMC cannot achieve or maybe they have run away we don't know, but for what “I see that the TMC has nothing to do with the state in the upcoming elections,” he said.
Other programs include visits to various places, night sky observation, workshops and seed ball plantations across the state.
And soon this period of grace of the Holy Spirit in all churches will end.
Meghalaya will soon get a state university, after the Cabinet of Ministers passed the Captain William Sangma Technical University Amendment Bill, which will be introduced in the Legislative Assembly on month to come.
At the same time, he said that the government has not hesitated to find ways and means to provide support to those people affected by the ban on coal mining. Deputy Commissioner from the Chief Secretary to conduct an inquiry into those people and to provide assistance.
Finally, the Forum calls on the leaders of churches and groups, village leaders, women, youth and all citizens, including the Government – ​​to work together for peace and stability in the state.
This was approved by the State Cabinet led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday.
Jowai: The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai, who strongly oppose the government's decision to move the Jowai PWD North Division from Jowai to Shangpung, today met with the MLA of Jowai after the MLA Wailadmiki. Shylla took action to explain to them.
“In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him” (Ephesians 3:12).
The union demands that the state government should talk to the Assam authorities and not to continue to commit such acts of violence against Meghalaya. , but it also threatens the peace of the people.
Shillong, Lber 7: Upper Primary Schools have been upgraded to Secondary Schools in seven villages in Jaintia Hills without teachers. Jwai, Shang Pong, Mynso, Mow Kaiaw, Sutnga and Sai Pong villages.
However, they have not yet received it, as the Meghalaya government has not accepted it.
You can also complain to the following numbers: Sub-Inspectors – 9436110184/8731025753 or Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
About 81 out of 100 (81%) people in Meghalaya live in agriculture which means they earn, eat, and support their families by farming.
“I have not left the Church but I have listened to the voice of the people, my contest in this election is for the people because we need to bring the voice of the nation to the Assembly. I'm sorry,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit.
According to sources, the BWF World Tour is divided into seven categories; World Tour Finals, 4 Super 1000, 6 Super 750, 7 Super 500, and 11 Super
Speaking to media after the meeting with the DC, the President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement, Bah Wilstone Sohshang, said that the two parties are concerned about the incident in Mukroh. He said that the two parties have urged the DC to fully empower the police on the border so that they can provide protection to the people in case of any incident. peace and harmony in the border towns.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya has urged the relevant authorities to arrest the robbers involved in the attack on the media which is considered as the fourth pillar of democracy. Basu Chakraborty, spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya, said:
The Mission Indradhanush, he said, is a treatment for children under 2 years of age and poor mothers. Ayush Hospital with 50 beds.
When I visited the Khasi market, I saw that the parking lots were too crowded, the parking lots were too short, and they were built with wooden beams.
He explained that the ILP is one of the measures to protect the nation and at this time we need to look into or resolve the domestic issues that are destroying the nation because it is sad that there is no unity and responsibility in the country. you are our nation.
After the video spread on Twitter, the Congress said that Sarma's invitation to Amit Shah as Prime Minister was meant to remind an MP. The BJP in Assam, which used to call Himanta Biswa Sarma as the Chief Minister during the time of Sarbananda Sonowal, was the Chief Minister of Assam.
The VPP MLA has expressed his deep sorrow over the incident and urged the Government to investigate the perpetrators and maintain peace and order in the state. Prestone Tynsong, Head of Home Affairs, said that there are reports that have come out regarding the incident which do not agree with the report from the police department.
Shillong, July 26: The increase in crime in the community is due to drug abuse.
“Until now, the government has not given a clear explanation on the boundary between urban and rural areas,” said the Nongtymmai MLA.
Shangpung beat Iawmulong Nartiang 2-1
Nongpoh: After receiving a report from the Project Director of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) that the Dwar Ksuid Bridge at Umroi Shillong Bye-Pass, it is no longer safe for Kitkhia vehicles to travel. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, today issued an order that no heavy vehicles will be allowed to pass, but only vehicles under 10MT will be allowed. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has banned the use of heavy vehicles after receiving a report from the NHAI bridge experts, who said that there are parts inside the bridge. The bridges are damaged and can cause danger if vehicles pass through the bridge.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The import of piglets from outside the state to be distributed to the pig farmers in the state, has caused a huge loss to the pig farmers in the state, said the pig farmers. from all the villages of West Khasi Hills.
“How is your job...?” asked Maheh. “Now I have a lot of work for you, because this is the village work too, I want to introduce a scheme so that we can get roads in every village.
He said that on the 13th of this month which is the market day, a sumo driver carried the market goers to carry the produce to sell at Jatah market.
Tencent Games has announced on its Facebook page that it is deeply saddened by this decision and would like to thank all those who love and participate in its games. Shillong: U Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State for Transport and Urban Affairs, has tested positive for coronavirus.
According to police sources, all the coal trucks seized today are from Assam and the seizure of the trucks falls under North Garo Hills District.
Nongpoh, Nailur 16: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Ri Bhoi District has informed all ration distributors in the district that their license/appointment will expire on 31-12-2
Processions and rallies will not be allowed without permission.
Sources said that in talks with the two husbands of the abducted owners, the Garo-speaking members of AKKA admitted that their party needs to buy a lot of ammunition and need a lot of money, so it cannot kidnap the coal owners and demand up to T.2 crore from them.
As the Matric examination is ongoing and this place is the central place where students have to go every day to write the examination, REPSDO urges the government to take action if there are any students Students who are unable to attend the examination just because of this incident, should think specifically for them.
Other requests of the party are to have a permanent cultural complex and a better sports ground for the promotion of culture and sports for the children. young man of the area.
It may be recalled that in 2011, when Bah Paul Lyngdoh was the Minister of Urban Affairs, he led the vendors to the same place, under Stand Jaiaw and inaugurated the Two or three days later, the vendors fled the area and said that there were no buyers and they could not sell anything.
Ltd has received T.47.48525 lakh through the National Mission on Food Processing.
If we lose it, like the Gibbons told by Babu Soso Tham in the book, we will be sad that there is no future for our descendants.
Hek said that all the seats they have received are 85 seats for the year 2020-2021, 50 seats are from the central government and the reason why these children have lost Palamu Medical College in Jharkhand has not renewed its annual permission from the National Medical Commission for the academic session 2021 by the Ministry of India.
Shillong, Jymmang, 18: Although Mawsynram is famous for its rainfall in the world, it is surprising to know that the residents of Mawsynram are facing water shortage.
The General Secretary of the Samla Treiborlang Suchen said that the government has forgotten about the garbage dump in Jaintia Hills even though the area of ​​Jaintia Hills is 3819 square kilometers but there is no information to look after this. The challenge of providing land in accordance with modern Solid Waste Management.
On this occasion, an Enrollment Drive was also held for 25 students at RC Evining Secondary School, Mihmyntdu. I am an Education Volunteer in Thadlaskeiñ Block.
After arresting them, the party expelled them and sent them back to Assam.
Renowned musician Lou Majaw on Tuesday launched a book of poems titled 'Brittle' written by Riniki Chakravarty Marweiñ at Dylan's Café, Shillong.
The collection of fines from violators has reached T.12,46,500 this year alone.
Finely L Pariat is also the first athlete to lead the Indian Athletics team in such a championship.
“After the Chairman of the meeting realized that the NEP could not be implemented in 2023, he removed the condition and allowed to discuss only the drafting of syllabuses and amendment of the ordinance. .
The nation needs such leaders and brave men.
Looking at the development of tourism in the State, it is the major work of the State Government through the Tourism Department of the State Government which has invested in the development of tourism destinations.
Although the prize money for the competition is only T.5 lakh for all the winners, the synjuk has not hesitated to continue the competition for three times.
On behalf of the State Government, Dr.S, Ashutosh, IFS (Retd), Director & Co-Chairman, Center of Excellence.
However, it was reported that they were not ordered to carry the coffin, as it is the duty of the health workers, as they have the clothes to prevent the spread of the disease.
The weapons they handed over included rifles, US carbine, two boxes of magazines, 100 rounds of ammunition, two 7.65 pistols, newspapers and others.
The storms and shocks that struck him on the right and left were the death of his mother on the 22nd of August 1845 and his departure from the Mission in
However, this time, the handshake was led by the Sordar of Raid Tynring and the MDC of Sohryngkham, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
We too are farmers and the crops we grow mostly to run the market are only Phan and riewhadem and since 1989 when I went to sell Phan to my parents I used to hear them complaining about that. -ot-kilo and price cut and this will continue until 2019 and at present we don't know whether it will remain the same or change.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at Lamyrsiang village, which was convened by the ECC together with the ECC Women Wings and the Waheh Shnongs together with the elders of Sutnga Elaka.
Shillong, March 13: Shri Rajesh Sinha, 26, former employee of Vishal Megamart Shillong, has been arrested by the Sadar Police Station this morning for stealing a house. T.2 lakh tyngka belonging to the shop.
Speaking on the occasion, Mondal said the Government of India has issued a directive regarding the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGS) for all job card holders. They must have Aadhaar and link it to their bank account, so that the bill can be transferred directly to the account without any further delay.
Some say they weren’t invited.
Upon receipt of the 1000, Mawlai Police Station conducted an investigation and found that they were members of the KSU and arrested one of the members involved, Disvalenty Pohthmi, 21 years old. They seized a Maruti Car ML 05 G 9453 from Mawlai Mawroh, Dongktieh.
The mother-in-law is not your mother-in-fact, she is only your mother in law.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: A meeting was scheduled to be held between the three CEMs of the three District Councils in the state, KHADC, JHADC and GHADC today. Conference Hall of KHADC to discuss Section 128 of the Act relating to the eligibility of non-tribals to vote in the District Council.
Tariang FC won the title by beating Umsalait SC 3-1 in the final of the 9th Secondary School Football Knock-Out Tournament held at Pdengshakap Stadium on Saturday.
We have elected many times legislators to make different laws to protect us, is there a law that really protects and gives us happiness? We see that foreigners (Scheduled Tribes) are still buying land and getting the same share as we Muluks in employment and other areas.
In a statement sent by FASToM Spokesperson, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, “There are rumors that the Government has invited Private School Teachers to prepare the answers to the examination because the Adhoc School Teachers They decided to form the Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM).
They also said that there are poor teachers who have taken part in this protest and the government has not taken into account even this.
Through this program through the NRLM, it is expected that the members of the SHGs will be able to improve their income through the skills they have to produce a variety of agricultural products.
Applicants are requested not to pay any person or pay more than the above mentioned price.
The Account Aggregator (AA) Framework of India aims to strengthen India's data security by allowing individuals and companies to share their data by giving consent through the Digital Consent Platform. .
He said that in the Revival of 1906, many people were converted to the workplace, to the fields, because they sang the songs of praise of Zion.
The donation was accompanied by Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, and other dignitaries.
Tagore wrote, “Where the mind is not afraid, the head stands firm with pride, knowledge is free...”Ko ki para , are we really free? In the past three years, my complaint about the rapid transformation of education into one for the poor has come down to that skhor asked.
In fact, the party had set a target of 35,000 members by last October, but as it has not yet reached this target, the party is preparing more and more to achieve this target.
Some of them, who did not want to be named, who sent their children to school abroad, have now sent them back and dropped out of school.
The abducted shopkeeper was identified as Nirmal Saha of Sangknigre village, about 30 km from Tura.
There will be a foreign DJ from Ukraine, DJ LISA from Ukraine along with DJs from Shillong, DJ Favian, DJ Deibormi and DJ Lzio from Jowai.
Two of the deceased were from West Jaintia Hills and one from East Khasi Hills District.
The problem is that many people don't understand what a roster is or what it means.
Nongpoh, June 03: Following the complaint of the residents of Pahamrioh village who live near two Dhabas including Highway Dhaba and Sirdarji Dhaba, the leaders of the RBYF Nongpoh Circle today left to send These dhabas have been closed down due to the terrible snowfall which has affected the health of the people.
Dikanchi was accompanied by the Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak, who is also the Working President of the MPCC. They will be held every day at three places in Mangsang, Rongjeng and Sengsak.
According to a police source, most of these recruitment groups operate from Ernakulam and some of them do these types of activities secretly.
“The deaths of pigs from African Swine Fever have occurred in Ri, Bhoi, West Khasi and Eastern West Khasi Hills, West Garo Hills and East Khasi Hills.
It is suspected that she fell from the roof of her house on the third floor.
In these times we see above and below that the dignity of man has almost disappeared and even the spirit of fellow human beings seems to have died.
“How do you feel about the city?” asked the father to Bhalang.
The people of Ri Khasi are shocked, sleepless, mentally ill, when they have seen and clearly understood the secret intentions of the Government of India especially when the BJP Government has come to power, this Government. It seems that it has forgotten that the people living in the North East India are a minority and in fact it is still up to the Government to strengthen the security laws. The attempted smuggling of people from the north and foreigners of Bangladesh which has affected and endangered the minorities of this region but the rights to protection have been intentionally taken away. They have announced to introduce the CAB Act which is the aim of covering us until we disappear from this earth.
"ISIS militants will leave Syria and Iraq soon or later due to international pressure, and they want to expand their groups around the world," he said. reported the news.
Shillong: U Bah Nikistar Nongrang, President of the Bri Hynniewtrep Exporters and Importers Association (BHEIA) on Tuesday said that since the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division has given permission, the price of rice has increased. T.2200/- to T.4000/- per tonne.
Shillong: About 600 residents of Malangkona village in West Khasi Hills have fled their villages after the Assam police threatened to arrest them.
Although the market falls within the boundary of the Hima Myrïaw, the Hima has no role in maintaining the peace and order and order of the market. According to Bah Sranly Marweiñ, one of the elders.
The Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) will hold a selection process for the best athletes to represent the State in the Senior National Aquatics Swimming Championships.
In the second leg, Mulang Ialong beat Thadmuthlong Stadium 1-0
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills on 21st June has suspended the construction of an Assam Police Station at Saba, a village near Mukroh on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
There was also a tribal museum which showcased the culture, crafts and heritage of the tribals.
Laws are made and enforced to control evils in society.
The works they have done in the village include the construction of a cement concrete road cum retaining wall from Namdong-B to Lum Jingtep.
He is the only son of his mother and another sister.
Even after the signing of these agreements, the Khlieh Nongsynshar were able to violate the rules through the Annexed Agreement, but at the same time he explained that the Khasi people in the years 1947 had been destroyed. on the one hand led by the Chief Executive Members and on the other led by Rev JJM Nichols Roy, who was also the first Secretary of the Federation of Khasi States.
The Forum has urged the political parties not to miss the meeting of the former MLAs to discuss the ILP. The former MLAs have also been requested to attend the meeting.
Speaking to media, Bah Roykupar Synrem, President of the HYC, said that the HYC's visit to support NEHUSU is to urge the government to release the scholarship for the students.
The award winner was Addiel J Surong from Govt.
According to the order issued by Justice Ashok Bhushan on Thursday, “We have released and allowed to transport 75050 mts of coal which has already been issued challan.
Pai can be grown in many ways.
Shillong: The President of the Meghalaya Talent Search Organization (MTA) today announced that the organization will hold the Meghalaya's Got Talent Season-4 this year in various categories in the auditions of 11 venues in the state. more importantly.
Walter is also a member of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle. He started dancing in the 1980s and danced like Michael Jackson. In 2004, he released a song called “Mano Mano”.
Should we kill ourselves those whom we suspect of being robbers, robbers or robbers? We shall not kill them with our own hands.
It was suggested to the state government, that through the scheme, which they borrow from foreign banks, to supply water, to use it, in the construction of land, to prevent the flooding of You have been involved in Bangladesh.
That is man's journey from earth to eternity, whether it is hell or heaven.
The courts have looked into the basic principles of equality before the law, non-discrimination, promotion. supersession and such methods of supersession, by those in any authority, such as the referees.
However, these government departments and the KHDC have said that they will investigate into the quarrying of stone on the Wahnïanglieng River which could completely destroy the river.
Besides, how can she hang herself when she knows she will die from drinking poison?" he asked.
"I don't have the right to be afraid of anyone," said Hep, said the brother of Bah Let.
Members of the Raid, Bah Slendar Lyngdoh and Bah Pingstone Pator, said that the area where the road was built by Assam is still on the border of Meghalaya and This is the first time that the Assam government has built a road on the border of Nongspung Hima.
The DCPU office informs that if anyone knows or has family members, please contact the District Child Protection Unit, Lachumier, the Child Welfare Committee, Lachumiere and Lawei Baphyrnai, Specialized Adoption Agency Nongthymmai.
In the Under-14 men's category, St Anthony's Higher Secondary School beat H. Elias Higher Secondary School to the final round by 35-19 basket points. to be the last.
In his speech, he expressed his gratitude to the BAM-JH for its contribution to many good deeds in the district.
“There are only three smugglers these days, so I think it would be better to send them away”.
In the final judgment, God will judge the world, society and mankind on this basis.
In the women's semi final, Shallang Block won by beating Nongstoiñ Block 1-0
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association, Bah Korbar L Nonglait, said that the construction of the road has been going on since Saturday night. When asked by the Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem, the Syiem said that he had no knowledge of the construction.
Police said that the child escaped from the house on the 15th and reported the incident to the Laban Police Station.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the transportation of coal in Meghalaya will resume after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has approved the increase in coal mining. the price of coal.
The celebration will end on November 19, 2022, exactly 125 years since it was founded in 1897 by Rev. (Dr.) Griffith Griffiths and Annie Griffiths as missionaries and early Christians. including Kong Tyrun, Elder Basan Ganga Ram Sunar who is the father and children.
Regarding the candidate who has been in the party, I said that if you give me a ticket, I will not support him because as a young man I look for a person who can work and who has a brain. I stand here with joy because we are in a party that has hope... The bomb has tied the blood of the nation how to achieve it. On the other hand, the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in his speech on the occasion, said that in this election, many people are talking about the I am afraid that we will be wrong in this regard, what is the future of our children because many of them have talked only about wealth? .
Shillong: U Agnes Kharshiing, on Tuesday, demanded that an inquiry be launched into the incident of rape of women in Sohshrieh, from Khliehriat to Shillong.
For more information, please contact President W Phyllei (8768635833) and Secretary D Langbang (6033090332).
“The most important thanks goes to the students, who have worked tirelessly to bring the fruits of victory.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) will hold a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on the 3rd of November
Ha,EditorSubject:- Please.
Nongstoiñ, July 03: The Mawrusyiar Youth Sport and Cultural Club (MYSL) has celebrated its 50th Anniversary in 2023 and will end its 50th Anniversary in July last year. year of the Club since its foundation.
“The process of selecting a candidate will be 10 months or less,” said Bah Paul.
The program started in the morning with the participation of the University staff, students and teachers who took part in the program including a presentation on Osteoarthritis, there was also a game. Skit play song and more.
Many medals were won and many friends were welcomed during the nine days of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 which ended on Tuesday at the closing ceremony held at the a very peaceful way.
education; -www.results.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing and the police have requested anyone who has seen the incident to come forward and help the groups. investigate to find out the truth.
The cost of the 100 smart cities is T.2,05,018 crore.
We hope that the Government will reconsider this matter and correct the mistakes immediately,” said a statement sent by the four groups.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Kyrsoi said that the manifesto was prepared based on the suggestions of the people of North Shillong constituency including the shopkeepers, students, experts in the field. different.
The NPP today demanded the suspension of five MDCs who have left one party and another.
That means that the benefits of the state will be slied lyngkhuit in order to promote the national organization throughout India.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) today submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Lapangap Village on Tuesday to protest against the expulsion of road workers by the Assam government. WJH to demand that the Assam government's plan should be stopped immediately.
Ram Vilas Paswan has been in politics for 50 years and is still one of the prominent Dalit leaders in India.
Tura scored 119/8 and EGH bowler Jadilbirth scored 3/22 for 20 runs and was named player-of-the-match.
Besides the MLAs, NPP supporters from the constituency were also present to witness the event.
Shortly after, while she was at a meeting in Nepalbora, relatives of Anjali Rupsi and Samuel Jahrin came out and assaulted her.
In the second innings, WKHDA won by 73 runs. WKHDA, which tied first, scored 132 runs for the loss of four wickets in 20 overs.
Boy's Higher Secondary School, Jowai for the purpose of providing football training to the children who have been selected in the trials which have been held in different categories divided according to the ages of the children.
Ambani was seen carrying the bag, which was also accompanied by Karisma Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor Khan.
“We have more than 10 years before the MLA elections in 2018, we will work hard to convince the people that the BJP stands on the basis of eradicating corruption,” he said.
Ma Lahkmen said that in many cases people only mention what the government has not done, but he did not say that there are many success stories in the past four years. but often no one wants to look at the good but only at the bad.
Damonmi Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong of Moodok Nartiang, has demanded that Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, a prominent lawyer and Chairman of the Joint Action Committee Border of Meghalaya (JACBoM), should explained the nomination and threat of his position as Rangbah Shnong.
Hitler killed up to 60 lakh Israelis at that time.
Let us know that Israel is the Son of God.
Schmale also demanded that the authorities should send a thorough investigation into the incident so that a fair and thorough trial can be obtained.
First John 4:2, says, “Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God”, you believed that Jesus Christ came in the flesh. ?.
Lane, those who earn coal cannot build schools, colleges, hospitals or hotels.
“The Congress has ruled Assam for 25 years and the AGP has ruled for 10 years and the Congress has ruled for 10 years. They have been in power in Delhi for 20 years, but they have not implemented the social Assam Accord.
He said that there was only one person who could read the inscription and admitted that the original had been sent to Lord Teignmouth in England and that the original had not been found. pat cannot be found.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The shortage of blood donors is one of the problems faced from time to time, and it is up to the members of the Indian Red Cross Society to conduct blood donation regularly, said the Governor of Meghalaya. Speaking at the Annual General Meeting of the Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya Branch at Raj Bhavan today.
On this road to Shiloh, there was a resting place for the king and his queen, which was built on two well-cut round stones supported by stone pillars.
After the four persons were detained in the CBI custody for three days, two others were taken to the jail, bringing the total number of persons to six.
Although the government has decided to pay for the treatment for them, Bah Sanbor said that these two persons are also entitled to receive financial support from the government. .
The Government should turn its attention to the rural and border areas to invest in many development projects.
According to the pastor, three women said they would not do such a thing in the future.
Meanwhile, Atul Kulkarni, Member of BoG, IIM Shillong, assured that the institute will strive to develop the students of the North East and urged the students of the region to take the opportunity to study in an IIM to specialize in many lines of study.
They said that this time they want to change the leader of Nongstoiñ, because they only turn to the problems whether it is income, income and others.
The ANEIGLPA also reminded that the Supreme Court, according to an order issued on 20th July, has ordered the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes, New Delhi to clarify the matter within five months. On 24th October 2014, the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NSC) failed to take action and sent a letter of PIL to the Registrar of the Supreme Court of India vide File No.TDMM. /1.2013/STFMG/SEOTH/RU-II on 27th October,
There came a conflict in the thought of division and there was a conflict among us within the household, within the village, within the town, until the Jaidbynriew was destroyed.
He also congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the church schools who have taken the initiative to improve education in the state.
The MDCs who spoke were as follows: Donkupar Sumer (MDC UDP Umsning): The T.133 crore has been like a strong magnet in which many MDCs have left the party. Political parties and even church leaders have been involved in the T.133 crore magnet (Dun Sumer has replaced Blanding Warjri, the elder who has defected from the HSPDP to the PDF).
It is learned that the deceased was on his way from 14Mer, Byrnihat with the intention of going to Rajabagan, but when he reached that place, he stopped in the middle of the road to jam Shilliang. The truck, which came from behind, hit him until he died.
The KSU leader asked the police, “Isn't their intention to arrest, if they want to do something else”.
The arrival of these foreigners without proper documents and without completing the test for COVID-19 has threatened the community, said the leaders of the Sengbhalang and sent them back. from where they come.
Hugh, who last played Wolverine in 2017, signed for Deadpol 3 after being pressured by Ryan and he didn't dare to turn it down.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Jaïaw Ehrngiew Transport Society (JTSA) has received permission from the District Transport Officer and Secretary of the Regional Transport Authority, East Khasi Hills District to apply for a Provisional License. for forty days to be implemented under the Meghalaya Taxi Aggregator Operational Rules,
We struggled to provide as many beds as possible.
Sangma recalled that on 19th November 2019, the House passed a resolution on the ILP, in which the resolution was passed and the state government urged the Government of India to implement it. The ILP under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 has been submitted to the Government of India to amend the Regulation to include Meghalaya in the Preamble of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 and the Resolution. It has been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India for further consideration.
Eating kwai after eating helps in the digestion of food.
However, the three sons of the Hamas leader were attacked by the soldiers and treated as terrorists and not as the sons of the Hamas leader.
Dubakh as the winner in the women's category won a cash prize of Rs 25,000 and a trophy, while SYM won a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and a trophy. In the men's category, the winner of the SYM team received a cash prize of Rs 50,000 and a trophy, while the runner up team of Nongpoh Proper received a cash prize of Rs 20,0 and trophy, along with other personal awards were distributed by the chief guest and dignitaries.
Other sources said that the name of Clement Marak has also appeared on the list, but the prime minister will remove only two of the three.
Taking care of yourself and cleaning yourself will benefit you a lot especially the unborn child from many infections.
The Convenor of the Meghalaya TMC, Richard Mrong Marak, on Tuesday said that the MDA government's fraud in the implementation of the JJM scheme was found in Imsamdro, Rongjeng.
"“We understand that the officers and employees of the Soil and Water Conservation Department are involved in supplying and selecting contractors at will without calling tenders in the proper manner to allow young people who have learned city ​​that doesn't need donjam.
In a statement, Bah Pynïaidsuk Lyngdoh General Secretary said that the Executive Committee has decided that the participants from the 20 Circles of the Khasi Seiñraij Youth League in the country will attend only 5 Circles. children from each Circle and their 5 leaders.
On the other hand, James said that in the past years, ANVC members have admitted that Dr Mukul Sangma has used party members to win elections and this is no longer the case. Dr Mukul Sangma's political strategy has surprised the people.
The question we put before the government is why it hasn't shown us that detailed information from the beginning?” Criticizing Prestone, Gurjit said it is not appropriate for a leader to mislead the government. the public through the media.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NHIDCL Executive Director Ajay Verma said that all the companies that have been awarded the construction of the road have fled and now all have to call tender for the road from Umshyrpi to Dawki.
Since we got light from Lumshnong substation, we haven't got light anymore.
According to a letter distributed to the Rangbah Shnongs of Sohra by the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, the letter has explained clearly which families or people whom the government cannot protect. and he gave him this bread.
He said that in fact, the party has already sent the water test to the former Deputy Commissioner but has not yet received the report.
We used to receive schemes from Irrigation, Soil and other departments but they didn't provide assistance at this time,” said Bah L.Kharsyiemlieh General Secretary HFU WKHD. KSU Tiniang Unit and Seng Samla Shnong Tiniang, on Tuesday visited the Rwiang River to inspect the Rwiang River, after receiving a complaint and insults against the The village has been destroyed by the spread of liquor bottles and other garbage along the beautiful river.
Ram Bahadur Shah is from a village under Katihar police station in Muzaffarpur district.
Baiahunlang Phawa gave a welcome speech, a song was sung by the students of Don Bosco School, while Helen Dhar gave the welcome speech.
“I don't know who drove away, nobody informed me, they should have asked me,” said Hoping at his residence in Kench Trace, Bishnupur.
The BIS can review the requests and provide their decision through the online platform, and facilitate tracking of the applications.
He said that it should be asked why in the UPSC examination, Mizoram got 4 while Meghalaya got only one, even people from other ethnic groups. rise to the top ranks of the workforce or we want to produce only peons and chowkidars.
Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister, Shillong, said that the curfew should prevent any community spread in different parts of Shillong. .
In the last match, Mawlai SC beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0
Therefore, the court, while it has not yet taken a final decision on the type of punishment to be imposed on him, has handed him over to the police and he will have to stay in custody. prison pending the final decision of the court.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 31: The Mobile Phone Company has awarded the contract to a contractor to erect a mobile phone tower in Ktiehthawïar village, Mawshynrut C&RD Block. which is close to the border villages in the Langpih area.
On the merger of the Northeast with the rest of India, Sangma said the Northeast India has a goal to advance the vision of the Government of India as stipulated in the Act East Policy.
During the celebration, equipment and aids were also distributed to those with disabilities who attended the programme.
Pastor Dalampher Shangpliang.
Not really drunk – alcohol.
The story of the seizure of these 10 cows was after the persons of these two groups, first seized a truck carrying cows number ML-10-C-5 When they seized the truck, which was intended to transport to Shillong, they found that it did not have proper documents. truck, alleging that it violated the provisions of the Act when it comes to the manner of transporting animals.
“The state government has been ordered to release the list of witnesses within 10 days from today,” Mukherjee said.
The union has felt sorry for this family after they saw with their own eyes that this family lives in a small bajot rathai house which is only 10 rooms which is covered with a big tree and the family. which has not been supported by anyone.
In these years he has worked hard to introduce the Khasi alphabet and in honor of him the Government has decided that the 22nd of July will be a public holiday. in the state every year.
The winners of the essay writing competition were Gratify Tyngkan of Government Girls' HSS, Jowai who came first and Damebudki Garod of Jowai Public School came second.
According to him, the Office Memorandum will apply only to those who have not yet received the Schedule Tribe/Scheduled Caste Employment Scheme and also to those from backward communities.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 152 cases.
Fivestarson Shylla scored the second goal for Khliehmyntdu in the 45th and 70+4 minutes.
So the rejection of the Jews is the salvation of the Gentiles.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), FKJGP Pynursla Circle and KSU Pynursla Circle have invited the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to come to Pynursla to explain the Bill to the public.
There was never a friendly rivalry".
In 2018, the Manipur government awarded Mary Kom the title of “Meethoi Leima”, which means 'the greatest and most talented' woman, at a ceremony in Imphal on 11 November
“It has already happened, at Ganesh Das it is not only this time, looking back there have been incidents, what I want to say is that the government will do better from now on so that it will not happen again,” he said. Village Headman.
The family of Kong Liza Marry Marbaniang said that she was taken to CHC Bhoirymbong on 14th July, 2022, after she had been unable to give birth, but she was not able to give birth. It is alleged that in the process of going to the doctors for the birth of the child, the authorities have given too much BP medicine to the child. the child died.
Rijiju said that criminals are everywhere in the country and should not be allowed.
The opening ceremony was attended by Pastors, Elders, Rangbah Balang and office bearers from the Women's Churches of the 4 Presbyteries including Mawten District of the Church of God Meghalaya & Assam.
Let us bring about change and also to consider carefully the Nongmihkhmat whom we will elect and carry the burden of the development of the village and the region as a whole.
It means that the end of these things has not yet happened only in these events mentioned above.
The Meghalaya Early Childhood Development (MECD) Mission in collaboration with the Block Development Officer, Saipung C&RD Block on Thursday conducted a Block Level Sensitization on Early Childhood Development (ECD) Mission at The program was held at Latyrke Camp Office, Saipung C&RD Block in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner, JU Kharpuri, Block Development Officer, Saipung C&RD Block. Health Officer, EJH, Dr.D Shylla along with other government officials, village leaders and residents.
Seven United beat Riangdo YSCA 1-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
He said that the implementation of these schemes will help in the coming days to alleviate the water shortage in these areas.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla said the demand is well founded, but he does not agree to move the division to Shangpung as it is close to Jowai.
According to the memorandum signed by the Waheh Shnong of Narwan, Bah Lamsuk Langstang and the Waheh Shnong of Sahkai, Bah Lim Shadap, they expressed their concern about the affected cultivation of soh ñiamtra due to the presence of coke factories at Sookilo near Narwan and Sahkai villages, where since 2020, signs of damage to soybeans and plants have started to appear. Soh niamtra farmers have noticed a difference in the way they grow soh, and one of the things that surprises them is the fall of flowers of the soh trees which have started to bloom to produce soh. The coke factories have caused the flowers of the soh trees to fall and fall off. This has now threatened the residents who earn their living by farming. orange.
Partly it can be good for the party and partly it can destroy the party.
According to a statement sent by Rev EH Kharkongor, Secretary of KJCLF, KJCLF said that just because of the vacancy, many people are suffering from the bad lives of the people whether it is in theft, theft, kill people just to satisfy your empty desires.
The relatives of the children who have represented the district and the state of Meghalaya express their gratitude to the KSU for organizing this ceremony at the same time to discuss the issue. It is because of the difficulties that their team has faced in terms of sports.
On these issues, the MPUF leader said that he does not want to blame anyone but it is the duty of the political parties to inform the people about their rights. “We are talking about our findings through RTI, you the people of Jowai Constituency will decide for yourselves whom you will elect and whom you will send as your leaders for your own benefit,” said the President. The MPUF has expressed its doubt that the people of Jowai will still receive the scheme for these three years as only for 2012-2013 the MLA has not distributed it.
Also present on the occasion was the President of the party, Bah Louis Dohtdong, who said that in fact, the police should not increase their work in summoning the civil society groups but should protect the people at the border. Other members of the party on the summons of the party leader.
After this short meeting, the Indian Red Cross Society distributed these blankets to the children of Chilliang Raij.
“The District Council which is the protector of the people should not issue NOC to the government to build a railway line in our state and if the government leaders want to deceive the people we will not allow it” , he said.
Lack of sleep, lack of exercise and lack of healthy food choices can lead to fatigue.
Nongstoiñ: The Siejlieh Youth Association (SSSS) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC WKHD) in collaboration with the HYC WKHD, today commemorated the murder of (L) Daritngen Syiem. The day was marked by the lighting of mombati at two places, Nongstoin Market and Siejlieh.
NEHUTA believes that this is an illegal act that violates the privacy of a person and this has never happened in the history of NEHU, the statement said.
The Auditor will be pleased to submit the annual accounts to the Kur Chyrmang-Kympad from 1/10/2022 to 1/10/2
To the family of (Late) Kong Greensly Shadap who passed away on 17/05/2021 and was buried on 17/05/2 I would like to express my gratitude and special thanks to the prayers of the Pastors, Elders, Rangbah Shnong of Moodop Nartiang, Rangbah Shnong of Moodop Nartiang and Village Officers, Parents, Youth, i Dr. RL Pohsnem, Nurses and staff of PHC Nartiang, relatives, friends, relatives and friends of (Late) Kong Greensly Shadap.
With this result, the two teams had to share the points.
“(In this regard), 32 sites have been identified, 20 along the Umkhrah River and 12 along the Umshyrpi River, where we will have to build a Sewage Treatment Plant and three are those who are still building and those who are left have to look after the land.
Shillong, March 29: Meghalaya Police Football Veterans (MPFV) and Friends United have qualified for the final of the Samkhamti Veteran Cup after winning the semi. final which was held on Saturday.
BSF troops patrolling the border have seized clothes and cosmetics worth Rs 99 lakh in November, 2022 alone.
"# P.W.1.
Shillong: Hundreds of foreigners, although it is a Khasi film, have come to watch the film Jingmaham which is being screened at Bijou Cinema today.
“I hope that the Chief Minister will meet with the Minister and Chief Officers of the Ministry of Education to explain the problem facing Meghalaya, which has only one Central University connected to all the colleges. " don't say.
Shillong: A patient, who suffers from acute kidney injury, has been admitted to the General Ward of NEIGRIHMS last November and was supposed to be admitted next month. There are 10 new cases of covid-19 in the hospital, according to a statement sent today.
However, Purno A Sangma, who won again from Tura, said he would go back to Parliament to advocate for the issues of the Garo people, not to take away the seat.
“In the North East, if you say in Manipur we support the MNF and in Nagaland we support the NDPP led by Neiphu Rio because they are part of the NDA,” he said.
They were happy that they could taste the Khasi food.
Conrad K Sangma said the worst affected villages are in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills as well as other villages in the districts of the state.
The teachers under the banner of JACATAM have refused to take part in the meeting if Dr Laloo has shown his insult to the teachers in the state.
On this occasion, the High Court has allowed the plaintiff to investigate the involvement of some police chiefs, especially in the Shallang area, in connection with the smuggling of illegally mined coal to these areas. that factory.
The certificates were awarded by Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Banarwal, IAS and District Project Manager DBDU Hunlang Blah.
The program was also witnessed by Bah S Blah, Sr.
Jesus saw these things that the Jews would be scattered throughout the world, he also saw that their Temple would be destroyed, and so it was destroyed in 70 A.D. Their ignorance Jews or Israelites at the time when their Messiah as their King was ready to crucify him.
Therefore, the union has ordered the immediate removal of these two trucks and muid shitrok to warn the traders not to transport cows by taking advantage of them to sell in Shillong and other places if they do not have the cows. proper documentation.
The first goal for Kalyani FA was scored in the 37th minute and the second goal was scored in the 49th minute.
The KNGCSU on Thursday held the election of new office bearers for the 2023-24 term.
The advisers include the DSO, Khroobok Passah and BN Lamare.
Speaking to media, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the Government has done its utmost to address this issue which is not only for the village but for the state as a whole. He said that it is not easy to take an urgent decision on this issue as it has been going on for decades and therefore it is necessary to discuss carefully on this issue.
Reddy was injured in the right side of his neck, which was near the front of the house.
In this regard, the government has already sent the Meghalaya Piggery Mission scheme to the Central Government worth T.220 crore.
Besides Bah Tynsong, a speech was delivered by Bah Mak Diengdoh, Officer of the State Government, who encouraged the youth, who have passed Class VIII, IX to train themselves to become leaders. The training is for 3 months, 4 months and up to 6 months and there are also schemes to provide accommodation for the tourists.
Fruits such as Bin, which are rich in protein, are very beneficial for mental health.
Is it right for us as the people to protest for the rights of the people, not through the leaders but through the voice of the people?
Once they have become shun thlong mluh thlong sying, there is a time when even their voices are no longer heard or even preached by their names.
Police have registered a case against him at Nongstoin Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
Even today, there are still many households in the rural areas who do not have proper toilets.
About 40 days ago, Sister Mary Albert Edanad was taken to Guwahati for further treatment.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: U Bah Marshal Dkhar, a former supporter of the UDP from Mawhati Constituency and resident of Mawlyngkhung village, today confirmed that he has come to support the BJP candidate. Mawhati Constituency on the grounds that he saw that the BJP candidate, Dr. Evarist Myrsing is a young man who is fully qualified to be the leader of Mawhati Constituency.
Besides the sit-in in front of the RRB office, the Rural Workers Union (RWU) has also decided to continue their strike by holding a sit-in in front of the NABARD Regional Office, Guwahati on the 18th. date of November.
Speaking to media, the Hynniewtrep Youth's Council (HYC) Leader said that the hospital's refusal to allow the woman to receive treatment in 2020 has caused the family to lose their lives. to lose the precious soul of the child of Kong Ibakyntilin Mary Umdor.
Speaking to media on 11th March 2021, Dr Ampareen M Lyngdoh said that she does not want to comment on this issue as the discussions are still ongoing within the party. The Congress party will discuss the issue later because the Congress party does not belong to one household but to the whole people. The Congress party will not allow anyone to attack them from within and anyone who wants to leave the party, the party will not be able to arrest them.
When asked who will nominate a candidate for the MDC election from Umsning constituency, he said that the party wants to have one job when he is elected as an MP Lok Sabha candidate. Who will be elected to contest the MDC elections to be held next year?
Speeches were also delivered by Nongthymmai MDC Latiplang Kharkongor, former CEM of JHADC, Obil Kyndait and Heraldson Dkhar among others.
Referring to the availability of water wells, it was found that there are many villages which have difficulty in getting water wells because they are located on the top of the hills.
The Governor said that in the field of environment, under the leadership of Modi, India has decided to preserve and develop these things that have existed since ancient times, citing the example of The United Nations has declared 21st July as International Yoga Day in recognition of what has been done and followed in India.
The Minister of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on Thursday launched the first App in the State to monitor the attendance of teachers called the Teacher Attendance Monitoring System.
He said that the KHADC in collaboration with the tourism department, has been able to repair many of the facilities in this place, to decorate and there is a large building like the Khasi Heritage Museum to house the artifacts, books that explain the customs and traditions of the ancients.
Sin is the transgression of God's law.
The rahor dai is found throughout India and also in some parts of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Shops known as Sanja Manda Sangma Canteen will be set up to sell food items at only 5 tyngka and the pension of those who have retired from work will be increased to 1000 tyngka per month. the moon.
Speaking to reporters, Samlin said that in fact there have been financial institutions which have been willing to lend money to the department but no decision has been taken yet.
CIPS also honors those experts who introduce innovative strategies by supporting their needs for full implementation.
Although she has not traveled, she has been affected by the infection and the health department urgently needs to conduct contact tracing and quarantine people to curb the spread of the disease in the village.
The fear is that we will not remember our Khasi identity but we will be deceived by the idea of ​​being KHYNRIAM PNAR BHOI WAR. Then we will forget our Khasi brothers and sisters who live in LYNGNGAM. we often hear the use and slogans “KA BRI U HYNÑIEWTREP”.
For our part, we will not rest until this border reconciliation is successful.
It is also learned that the Assistant Commandant was involved in the operation to bring in the jyrwit jyrwat which injured several soldiers of the squadron.
Rajya Sabha MP Prof. Rakesh Sinha who has taken over the welfare of the village has donated many items to the village.
The time does not allow us to do whatever we want.
Chicken and pork are also things you can include.
He joined politics in 1993 and won the MLA election that year from Ampatigiri constituency.
“Another problem faced by non-indigenous people is the lack of representation.
They include Khrawpyrkhat Rashir, Androney Wahlang, Bines Sohshang, Laitbha Wahlang, Kynsai John Nongsiang, Chesterwell Kharbani, Shri Dipulin Marak, Rangdajied Kharumnuid, Sambormi Lyngdoh, Donbestar Cores Syiemlieh and .
However, from the very beginning, the Land Act 1971 has been repealed.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that the land does not belong to anyone but to the households who live there and he promised that they cannot sell it or give it away.
Sister Julia N Majaw was also awarded the Meghalaya State Mahatma Gandhi Award.
He also extended his special thanks to the school management, teachers and students, that it is through their cooperation that the school has improved in all aspects and he hopes that it will continue to do so. The school will continue to grow and produce intelligent and responsible children for the society, he added.
“Our seva kaal started when this Government of ours came to power in 2014," he said, adding that there are very many people in the country who have not received their service.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The dorbar of the KHADC will start tomorrow, 26th June and will last for seven days until 1st October,
“The urgent assistance is to provide another T.3,000 to accompany the increment received by the Secondary and Higher Secondary students which will be implemented since last year and that will be implemented temporarily,” he said. Mr. Kenneth.
After many attempts, Langsning FC finally managed to score through Shano Tariang who scored a beautiful goal in the 24th minute.
On the other hand, the people said that as leaders, they should be true to the word they have made.
Earlier, when we looked at the love between Mukul Sangma and Sonia Gandhi or Tarun Gogoi, it seemed that the problem was not limited, it would be a matter of 10 minutes, it could be resolved, but you are the source of Assam; Himanta Biswa Sarma, the BJP chief in the North East, has recently joined hands with Conrad Sangma to form the MDA government. to establish a government in Manipur; However, these same people have not been able to reinforce the border between Meghalaya and Assam and therefore all the border talks are just duplicates.
“These houses are not residential buildings but shops used to sell goods in the morning,” said the Myntri Shnong. were injured.
Furthermore, the Mawbri Diocese was a child of the Nongpoh Diocese in the past and now after receiving its own Shnat Niam, it has produced many Priests and Religious leaders including Sohblei Sylbanus Sngi Lyngdoh, U.S. The late Rev. Cyril Lyngdoh, Rev. John Madur, Rev. Pius Shadap and others.
Since 2016, the Association of Land Dealers has sent dozens of petitions and letters to the State Government to implement the Central Acr.
Dr Mukul said that the ruling NPP has used money to mislead the people in this election.
The team agreed that Block I should be transferred to Jowai Sub-Division and was jointly signed by both the team.
The police confiscated the plate.
He said that although the Congress is not in the majority but in politics it is impossible to know because it can change at any time.
Furthermore, for example, besides the above-mentioned jait, the Hynniewta, Kurbah, Basaiawmoit, and other names in their kur, when they are gathered together, become one kur.
It is truly sad when leaders instead of protecting their own people, sell their own people just for the sake of votes.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the Slogan and Poster Competition which was held on 26th July 2022 with the participation of school children.
A trekking tour was also held at Narpuh, under the auspices of Bah Alan West, Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum.
“In our meeting with the DC of EJHD, we have demanded that he should punish the Nepali according to the rules of law and also to immediately destroy the Umthe village. “It's a good idea to have a Nepali government,” said Bah MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
Shainkor Nongsiej, President of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle who conducted the meeting and Dominic Shangpliang, Working President of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle, gave the welcome speech.
The family members of Steffanie suspected that she was killed by her husband and the complaint was lodged by Amanda L Nonglait, sister of the woman who died at Mawlai Police Station on Friday.
For years we have welcomed and accepted the Assam-Meghalaya cadre but as one of the indigenous organizations, from time to time, we have demanded from the state government and the central government that it should be implemented. by giving away their own cadre.
These drivers have not been able to produce proper documents regarding the purchase of these cows.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has held its Central Executive Committee (CEC) on 30th October 2019 at New Hope Restaurant.
Ambrose Ch Marak, Secretary to the Ministry of Education, was appointed as the Member Secretary.
Speaking after the meeting, Bah Paul said that for the first time the Government has donated T.6 lakh to the MTD and today it has donated more than T.15 lakh.
Butt throwers are brilliant.
US troops invaded Afghanistan in March 2001 because they provided shelter for Osama bin Laden and other al-Qaeda leaders involved in the attack. to the US, November 11, 2001.
The Law, after receiving the house, sent for the cow and commanded him to go to the son of man and cook only ten shir or two shir to fill ten khiew ranei.
Seven border settlements have been resolved in October 2022 after the Meghalaya and Assam governments signed the social border settlement agreement in the presence of Home Minister Amit Shah.
After the collision of two trucks, the traffic has stopped and caused traffic jam on the Shillong-Jowai highway.
From the inspection, it was found that what Rgh DL Nongbri said is true, that all the equipment should be installed or added to the tower, the company that operates it, They came to destroy everything, and what remained was only the debris, from the place where the generator was installed, the house to store the tar equipment, Everything has been destroyed and there is nothing left to do in this place.
l Do you have T.2000? Yes.
If defective teachers are banned in all fields from participating in political activities or holding positions in political parties from an early age, why not think about the notifications to say that only graduates above can contests? election.
And any conflict between political parties should end.
Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) followed with 42,310 cases.
He said that although they have not found him, they are still waiting for him to return to his relatives and households. telephone him and they can still talk, but now for about two or three years if the telephone is no longer available.
However, even in the countryside, there are many places where wood is difficult to obtain.
The main reason is to provide assistance to the people in the rural areas.
He said that the Government's desire to achieve this goal is too high as it cannot provide even the water supply.
According to the order issued by the DCA, the Governor has found that the KHADC has not followed the proper procedures in publishing this notice in the Gazette of Meghalaya.
Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi Constituency, along with dozens of Rangbah Shnongs and prominent figures, also attended the rally. Many of those who came to support the party were strong supporters of Bah Lamboklang Mylliemngap, the incumbent MLA of Jirang Constituency.
The Minister was speaking at the foundation stone laying ceremony for the upgradation of the sub center to Sawsymper PHC held on Tuesday at Sawsymper.
Fortunately, Bah Highlander Kharmalki won.
So far, five people have been admitted to the hospital.
The first (current) soil will pass away.
The Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MoFPI) is preparing to hold the second phase of World Food India (WFI) in 2023 as a program with participation from around the world to facilitate the integration of businesses. Indian food producers and companies from all over the world working in this field.
Such thinking today no longer applies.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Tuesday demanded that the Minister of State, who is also a legislator from Jaintia Hills, should stop encouraging the construction of a railway line in Jaintia Hills and discuss other issues. regarding the backwardness of the region in the Cabinet instead of encouraging the introduction of the railway.
The total number of cases in East Khasi Hills is 2,111, in East Khasi Hills, 1,510 and in civilians, 1,2
Let us wake up, let us wake up and let us stand together to fight and move forward lest we find ourselves behind.
Thus, the children of Negro fathers, Chinese fathers, Kharmetor fathers, English fathers and others are given their race by their mother.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will not stop conducting checkpoints against illegal immigrants from Assam and other places, despite the state government's promise to take action against them. this work.
This song is available in three languages: Pnar, War and Biate.
The question now is, why do the leaders when they sit on the seats in the Main Secretariat forget to look after the needs and concerns of the people? Doesn't the Government have the money or are there other reasons why the Government doesn't care about the rural areas or even the urban areas? Even more shocking is the extreme backwardness of the rural villages on the border between Assam and Bangladesh.
Shillong: The abandonment of villages in Meghalaya on the border with Assam has become very difficult, where even the basic necessities have not been met.
The Umdih River has been flowing since 1986-1987 until now.
At the age of 21, Phyrnai Kyndait, a resident of East Jaintia Hills and a 4th semester student of Bachelor of Arts, has won the cycle event at the 5th Meghalaya Games in Tura. .
After the meeting, the residents started the cleanliness drive and in this cleanliness drive, government offices in Mawryngkeng, banks, Mawryngkneng Police together with They cleaned up their areas within Mawryngkeng.
Following the shooting death of three Mukroh residents and a Forest Guard of Assam on 22nd November, 2022, both the state governments have decided to hand over to the CBI for investigation. you're right.
“We have visited the place where there is a coin that has fallen from the sky and has a loud noise and we have found that it is a heavenly body that has fallen. Yadav said the examination by experts in these types of devices has shown that the celestial body contains germanium, platinum, nickel and iron (10.23 per cent of nickel). 85.86 per cent iron, platinum 0.5 per cent, cobbit 0.78 per cent, geranium 0.02 per cent, antimony 0.01 per cent niobium 0.01 and others 3.02 per cent).
You shall not despise the elderly, nor listen to the words of the elders who are wiser than you, that you may benefit yourself.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen on Tuesday.
He said this is after the Airport Authority of India (AAI) has requested more land to operate the airport.
Of these 24 cases, 22 cases came from abroad and 2 cases were screened.
The KSU on Tuesday sent a letter to the Member Secretary of MSPCB, Shillong expressing its opposition to this public announcement.
Many books have been published from time to time and written in Garo.
Another decision was to increase the salaries of lawyers in the courts on the recommendation of the National Legal Services Authority.
The most important of these is the 'ksain sawhon' which feeds on the shyieng of the pink ball worm.
Brigita Marak, said that the land was owned by her, because her mother and father, who had passed away, had given it to her to take over the land. It covers about 2 acres inside the village.
My mother was surprised that Rida didn't come out anymore.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, explained to the people that all these are development projects for the people of the villages and townships which the Government of India has implemented. It has been used separately in many states.
Regarding the demand of the Seng to provide two doctors at Iooksi PHC, Dr War said that at present the health department still lacks two doctors. until the government has more doctors.
Prestone said that in any government, when the party is paid, it leads the government but Prestone said that as a party that stands on the ground, it will not interfere with the UDP. The UDP has been a promise since the beginning of its formation because we don't want to turn away from our friends for a while.
“However, the sad thing is that the Karbi are trying to intimidate and intimidate the Pnar/Khasi living on the border so that they will not dare to express their rights or freedoms. They have urged the District authorities and the Meghalaya government to take action,” said the Forum.
On the part of us students from Wahkdait and Pashum, we need them to improve the network as soon as possible.
It is learned that the man, who drives a taxi from Nongpoh to Byrnihat, said that yesterday he and his friends were coming to eat khana among the drivers of a vehicle. Mawkhla in Ri-Bhoi and those who left Nongpoh by going home in the evening.
Constant anxiety leads to sorrow, anxiety and loss of happiness.
Without the soil we can die without food.
Speech was also delivered by Jlan Kupar Rymbai, Vice President of Loompariat and prayer was delivered by Shaniah Skhem Huwa, Vice President of Tyndo Wapung.
After investigation, the case was taken to the Magistrate, who issued an order on 15th June, 2023, directing the Commandant of the 4th Battalion, BSF, to surrender. The three BSF personnel have been handed over to the police who are investigating the incident.
“At present, the measures should be taken to close down the garbage dump in Marten, if it has reached the point where there is no place to dump garbage, if one has been identified. another place to turn into a garbage dump,” she said.
He said that the Narcotic Cell will also be strengthened in all districts of the state.
For the passing of vehicles and those who go to these markets, it has been handed over to the Agriculture Department and the BDOs as well.
The discovery of the three wise men in Bethlehem revealed to the world that Jesus was born).
In the inspection of 27 food shops, it was found that many of these shops do not have a license from FSSAI to open and sell food items. The shops have been found to be so bad that the Seng has to close down these shops while they cannot clean up according to the rules laid down by the FSSAI. Tea Stall at Laban, Babua Tea Stall at Lumshatsngi, Dada Tea Stall at Red Cross and Ruma Das Tea Stall at Laststop.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), which leads the Harijans living in Mawlong Market, on Tuesday strongly criticized the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, for not telling the facts. are.
The exam is almost over,” said Rida Panah. When he heard their conversation, he listened carefully.
In a petition sent to the Minister of Agriculture, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh through General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, the VPP said, “The department, therefore, needs a lot of attention. not only in the initiation of various schemes but more importantly in their implementation.
He said that the first part is the allocation of land to KAS and the second part is the steps on how to build the shlem and how the State Government can help.
HYCRoykupar SynremGeneral secretary.
The VPP also demanded that the Chief Minister should immediately stop the work of the Lokayukta.
:The Khasi song, “Jutang ka Jingieid”, is a song that has been released recently and features the song, Labatsong Marboh and the tyngshop, PDkhar.
The Governor said that in the past 51 years, the state has made significant progress in agriculture, tourism, electricity generation, education, information technology and the use of natural resources. The Government's commitment to use the resources wisely and to implement properly the governance of the country in order to promote economic development in all aspects.
We cannot live without water and for our work or food, water is the first thing we should think about using.
Regarding the fire, Bah Samuel Nongmalieh, appealed to the government authorities and the leaders to come forward to help the family. has experienced this tragic incident.
He said that to encourage children and youth and also to promote sports, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, has launched a Sponsor-an-Athlete Program in which companies, venues and venues have been encouraged to participate in sports. It was announced that 15 sponsors have been received including a donation from NETC, the MLA of the area, Kyrmen Shylla, Deputy Commissioner, Abhlash Banarwal, Superintendent of Police Shri Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS and others.
“We urge the MLA to convey the backwardness of the area to the government so that development projects can enter Mawshynrut Constituency which is the most backward constituency in the state,” said the residents.
The test was conducted to test their age as part of their preparation for the U-16 SAFF Championship to be held in Kathmandu which will start on 20th November.
'But now I can't move my fingers.
The construction of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawiong recently has caused more and more doubts among the intellectuals especially the signs by the outside authorities to show or understand but, the authorities Think people are still sleeping, people don't have the strength to think.
The story goes like this:Once upon a time there was a man who walked a long way in the heat of the day.
He also explained that as citizens, they have to have a close relationship with their fellow citizens.
It is sad news for one of the Nottingham marathoners, Steve Shanks; The 45-year-old, who recently participated in the London Marathon, died while on his way home.
In this regard, the Justice Department of the Law Ministry has issued a public notice explaining that the President of the country, under the powers conferred by Article 217 of the Constitution, has appointed Justice Aparesh Kumar Singh, an advocate of the Jharkhand High Court, has been appointed as the new Chief Justice of the Tripura High Court from the 17th of this month.
We must choose on the basis of the goal, plan and vision of the one we choose.
On the issue of the Assam Government, SC Jamir, Chief Minister, Nagaland in July, 1985, after the bloodshed between Nagalang and Assam police, at Merapani, expressed “the opposition that the Assam Government has put in non-Assamese to settle again in the disputed areas and those people who had previously settled there had left and fled elsewhere" and news reports at that time said that "that means he opposed the settlement by the people who are not sure they are Indian".
The framework has been supervised by the RBI. 1.13 billion accounts are ready to share data, of which 13.46 million have been approved as of July
Matthew 24:8.
Shillong: Assam and Meghalaya have reached an agreement on the border at seven border points.
After greeting they sat on the sofa chair.
Banrilang looked back at the young man and saw that he was still eating the samosa and looked back at where they were.
Hammarsing Kharmar Secretary Cultural Committee of Seng Khasi Kmie was also the special guest at the Shad Kper Syntu in Iongpiah. Snap Package.
Regarding the construction of the JN Stadium, the Minister said that the stadium will be planted with natural turf.
God also said it was not good for man to be alone, so he made a nurse.
He urged those who have passed that if they need, the door of his house is open to them to learn the ways and means how to help them.
He said that people are allowed to meet him only from 12:30 to 3:00 pm, only 2 hours a day.
The Dorbar Shnongs should have a close relationship with those in charge of various activities.
Justice Bobde asked whether the idols, which were on the site and which were not owned in November 1949, were dated or carbon dated. answered that he did not know at all.
Shillong, July 29: The Special Circuit Bench of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Friday directed the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) to demolish the illegal buildings standing at Umkhrah and Umshyrpi. , according to the provisions of the law.
This will apply to all, from those who own showrooms, petrol pumps, factories and others, it should not be owned by Khasi,” he said.
What is the rule of the party or the Constitution of the country according to article 19??????.
Ah, we need people who are willing to correct, tell, confess all our transgressions and wrongdoing, that's when God will be pleased.
Prestone said the NPP has fielded 18 candidates in KHADC and 29 candidates in JHADC.
Mawlai took the lead by 1 goal through Donborlang Nongkynrih in the 30th minute.
Bison Iano, MDC Raliang also expressed his satisfaction with the decision to create the Sumer Elaka.
On the other hand, Chesan Ch Marak (Technical Assistant MGNREGS) Gambegre Block and another assistant polling officer of Gambegre Block have passed away. u on 25.02.2023 while they were on their way to the polling station at 44/8 Jangrapara LP School, they were told that they had to travel by pickup from Assam where the driver did not know the condition of the roads. and this terrible thing happened.
The Forum also expects that the festival will be held in a smooth manner without any interference so that it will promote peace and stability in the state.
The Regional Committee for the Demarcation of West Khasi Hills was headed by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of PHE as Chairperson. , MLA, Rambrai – Jyngam Constituency – Member, Bah Gigur Myrthong, Deputy CEM, KHADC – Member, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, MDC, Rambrai-Jyrngam, Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District – Member Convenor.
However, there are still many pending tasks for the government to fulfill its promises to teachers in various categories of schools.
Recently, Bah Charles Marngar, left for Guwahati to meet with the heads of Dispur Police Station, and urged them to take action for the search for the woman.
Sometimes I became stronger and Bhalang was able to help his family.
The longkmie also urged all those who want to use force, speak harshly, or create racial discrimination to think twice, because she said that what is needed now is peace and stability in the state.
“He said that the BJP party is well prepared to contest the upcoming elections, and that it has been going smoothly in terms of election campaigns across the country. place.
He said that the most important task is to recruit various staff since the opening of the new district, as there are still many jobs that the district still needs, including offices. work.
In East Khasi Hills, 12 health workers have been confirmed with 11 new cases.
Shillong: The tower at Domsohkhai village, Nongnah, South West Khasi Hills District has not been maintained for more than two years and it seems to have collapsed.
According to the FIR, he did not call a tender or award the work to the government construction department but he built the complex using the police and bought the equipment from the contractor. This is a violation of the Meghalaya Financial Rules.
He said that this shows the skill of the entire team to conduct this treatment effectively.
Indeed, it has happened and it has begun now, and when we see these things written fulfilled, we know that the great tribulation is near and the coming of the Lord Jesus to the earth. it was close.
Dempo scored two goals in the 27th minute and Dwayne Pereira Neto in the 62nd minute.
Spain, who have scored 13 goals in the tournament, have not been able to score a goal, although Ruiz's goal in the second half has been cancelled. offside' and the failure to score, has also left England without scoring a single goal in this tournament.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday said that the Central and State Governments should give a clear answer to the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the country. state.
In the letter, the UDP also informed the President about the allegations that the Chief Minister has links with the rebel groups as announced by the Political Secretary of ANVC-B Ajaju Marak who has been appointed as Chairman. Rimpu Marak, who has close ties with Dr. Mukul Sangma, has admitted that it was the rebel group that worked hard to elect him to the post of Prime Minister.
Besides, the government through the MBOSE has been changing the books untimely and the schools do not have the books to return to the students.
The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, was also present to witness the ceremony.
Listen, God says – “I will make Jerusalem a cup of astonishment to all the people round about, and upon Judah also at the siege of Jerusalem” Zechariah 12:2
According to videos circulated on social media, many people were shot and lying on the road after the attack.
we cannot live without trusting each other.
Kharshiing said that the time has come for the Mylliem Hima to set up a website to explain in detail and clearly all the things that the Hima Mylliem has received. lum, because the revenue of the Hima Mylliem itself is in the billions of rupees in 10 years and thus it will be difficult to create websites of the Hima and publish the revenue of the Hima, he said.
He said the UDP should no longer request but should order the MDA government because the government does not belong to the NPP but the power belongs to the UDP. “It's a good idea to have a conversion and accept citizenship amendment for Bangladeshis,” said Bah Adelbert.
The union has vowed that if the KHADC does not do anything within 10 days, they will take strong action.
In addition to this, PACS can also operate convenience stores and ration shops.
Staising Kharbteng said that this is the first time in the area to have such a resort and hopes that this will help the tourists to get such a resort when they visit the country. region and will help improve the income of women and households.
Rajingstar Thabah was arrested on a complaint by the mother of the child to the Sohiong Police Outpost on 3rd November,
The General Secretary of the District, Samla Bishar Rekon Thabah, said that the party does not interfere with anyone or interfere in the trade of others, if there is no danger or danger to the people.
“We appeal to the central government not to interfere in this case and to send an inquiry even by the CBI because we cannot trust the state government especially when government officials have shown involvement in this case,” he said. Kyndiah is the leader of the BJP Women's Party.
It has also been found that there is a decrease in the incidence of cervical cancer.
It is learned that the residents who immediately helped to rush to hospital escaped death, as the disease has affected severely even in a few hours due to the prayer and at the body until they do not know. no more people.
Shillong: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong has strongly criticized the TMC in his speech at the NPP candidate announcement rally on 12th July at Polo. He also criticized the Trinamool Congress party, which is in the opposition in Meghalaya, saying that it is a party that has issued many of its announcements in the past. newspapers.
that they may profit themselves with them.
In a letter to the government, he said that the increase in the price of petrol and diesel during this time of fighting against COVID-19 will affect the people.
“On the part of the Seng, which doesn't leave empty-handed, the Seng has helped in its small way as a sign of condolences to this family where the mother has passed away and left behind. There are four children and the father does not have enough income to raise, care for and feed all four children,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Jalyiah. He was unable to be with the members of the party but he sent a message of gratitude and congratulations to the party for being willing to visit and visit the family. He congratulated the leaders of the party who have the responsibility for the welfare of their fellow citizens to continue to serve the country and the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
In the team category, Madaryting Carrom Club won the first prize and Ryntihlang B came second.
My favorite parts are the articles, whether they are religious news, political news or news related to the history of the Khasi people from ancient times to the present.
The department also detects those drivers who violate the rules by entering the 'No Entry' areas.
On drinking water, he said that 266 residential areas, 19 severely affected, 387 schools and 99 ICDS have received drinking water.
He said that the TTAADC has received many suggestions from the KHADC regarding the land laws and others.
The race was led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP Central Body. They reached Smit and ended at Nongkrem.
Augustine Lyngdoh Kynshi, 58, of Pyndengumiong, Mairang, died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
The Prime Minister followed the slogan, 'Charity begins at home' and this is evident in the fact that he has brought in a football stadium of international standard while in other places only the national standard. standard is also not available.
“They accuse me of being stupid, they accuse me of drama, they accuse me of drama, but now it is clear that Bah Adelbert is doing drama or those who accuse me of doing drama are the ones who do it. drama for the future of the youth and the state through the Reservation Policy and Roster System,” he added.
The source said that the quarry was run by a foreigner.
However, they should put book boxes or other items in front of the shops and put the garbage, so that it doesn't spread here and there.
Sohliya, Naitung 16: The Catholic Church, Parish Mawbri, Ri Bhoi District, has come forward to demonstrate the activities to preserve the environment, trees, birds, animals and plants. wild animals, by establishing a “Lawkyntang” in the village of Sohliya.
I will tell you that it is Bah Hamlet Dohling, although he is not here, we understand that he will contest from the NPP,” said Bah Bajop.
Including for the two wheelers, they were also advised to wear helmets while driving, as many times this also causes tragic incidents. “As warned in this short film, those who violate the law will face not only fines according to the rules and regulations,” said the SP. He added that many times there have been injuries and deaths due to the lack of compliance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
About 40 days ago, the KHADC has decided to ask the government to support them in finding out about the customs and traditions of the KHADC. he died.
However, whether it is day labourers, market dwellers and even Government employees whether they are full-time or contract employees, they have to pay the fare during these increases. THEY HAVE RISE LIKE A ROCKET IN THE SKY AFTER THE LOCKDOWN while THEIR SALARY AND INCOME IS THE SAME AND STAGNANT.
It is the order of the court, we cannot stop the appointment, we have to follow even if it really affects some private individuals,” he said.
Another match of the Third Division between Youth Social Welfare Pynthor and Nangbah Mooknor ended in a draw.
According to the KHADC Forest Officer, he is the oldest of the four officers holding the post of ACFO, and he assumed the post in He said that there is another officer who joined as ACFO in 2003, GT Lyngdoh, but he has not applied for the post because he believes that it is not right because there is still an officer who is higher than him. He said that there are three others, Bletstone Rani who joined as ACFO in 2007, Marchwell Lyngdoh who joined in 2013 and Otmost Kalwing who joined as ACFO in
From Dongwah, Ham Suting was elected as the president and secretary.
This meeting did not mean to invite only those who came last year, but to invite all those office bearers of different Kurs to attend, so that we can discuss together for the good for the welfare of our people.
The Meghalaya Police has asked for permission from the DC or your office, inside the village, inside the village, it is the authority of the Rangbah Shnong.
The program was organized by the Pynursla Youth Congress Polling Booth Committee. The committee congratulated the doctors from Shillong, Pynursla CHC, Pongtung PHC and Bansara Eye Care Shillong who came to participate in the programme. PYCPBC Secretary Jimmy Thabah, Pynursla, said in a statement.
NGOs should not be misled at such times even if there are no Political Party Officials within these organizations.
“I want to explain to those 'riewdong wohnia' who are trying to spread that the VPP is working with the TMC...for those, I request them to read and look carefully at the facts because it is “It is to support the UDP which is the national party to lead the Government and not to support the TMC,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
The District authorities have conducted an investigation into the illegal activities of the registration office. 41 persons and it is a very surprising incident, how the visit of 5 persons, has reached 41 persons and that will be the question, from the hands of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills. , and Ribhoi District, that they cannot shake hands, because they have their own people on the ground and especially, when they pass through the gate at Byrnihat, and therefore these people, should prove, where they come from and they must also show the right passes.
On the issues related to the state government's decision to close down 300 madrassas, the Minister said that the government has already closed down up to 600 madrassas.
“To make Shillong a center of education is not a task that can be done in a day or two but it is a task for years and the government will work hard to achieve it. ," he said.
Because of the 25-year time limit, we cannot avoid imported arrangements in respect of certain issues.
The RBYF Women Wings Umsning said that these six foreigners were led by a Khasi woman and were arrested by the RBYF Women Wings Umsning. .
These are part of the house.
"You said that the time is right, it will come only when it is necessary," replied Bah Shanbor. "Yes, you... Now you say that.
“There will be no talks or calls for talks, they should come and surrender,” said the DGP. She also said that the insurgents should stop their evil deeds and come forward to surrender to live a better life. new.
When that day came, he went out alone.
The award will be divided into three categories, namely the Sarvottam Jeevan Raksha Padak, which is for those who have done brave deeds by saving lives from terrible dangers; Another award is the Uttam Jeevan Raksha Padak, this is also for those who sacrifice themselves and stand to rescue people in terrible danger and another award is the Jeevan Raksha Padak.
Complaints received after this will be taken through the usual procedures.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 2: The 1st, 2nd and 3rd Divisions Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) has been held at the Bara Football Club. Mawponghong Sports Club scored 10 goals each at Kyrphei Stadium.
Since we started this project we have met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Lapalang, Nongrah, Rynjah, Umpling and Nongmynsong as the Umkaliar River flows through these villages.
I myself, I had the intention to write an article on U Syiem Tirot but I found it too long, it would confuse the readers and I just wrote this poem so that they can read it.
Jowai: Rescue and rescue teams including NDRF, SDRF, MLHG & CD have not been able to rescue the victims who were trapped inside a coal mine which collapsed and flooded in a coal mine in Jowai. Briwar area in the area known as Ksan within the boundary of Nongkhlieh District.
Instead of spending on worthwhile and profitable projects, the government is willing to pay to its political allies.
: Four persons have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state today, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek said. There have been 259 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in the country and 45 recoveries.
In this match, Umshangiar won the toss and elected to tie.
The by-pass is also used by various states in the North East.
On the other hand, the parents of Twinklely said that this is a nightmare that their daughter will reach this stage.
“These are the fundamental rights of the citizens,” she said, adding that as citizens, they should come forward to demand their rights.
Also present on the occasion were Deborah Marak, former Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya as the chief guest, Principal of St. Xavier's College, Umoid, Dr. Sunny Augustine, SJ who gave the welcome speech, Fathers, Sisters, students, teachers, mothers, fathers and others.
These four organizations, today came to the stage, as a sign of the launch of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission to achieve the issues and objectives that the four organizations have worked together to achieve their mission.
Until now, the Behdieñkhlam festival has been going on without any interruptions except in the early years of the French rule.
So at that time, God did not speak to him.
About 23 shops came to exhibit the varieties of sohtrun, umsoh and wine produced from Sohtrun. and the Scarecrow.
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) West Jaintia Hills District today confirmed the new leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) West Jaintia Hills District. .
On the 18th of this month, chart paper and holder were forgotten inside a taxi from Iawmusiang to Lad Mooralong, Jowai.
The children who have been burnt and the children who have been eaten are very prominent in this age.
HAPPINESS HELPS REDUCE MENTAL STRESS:— Mental stress is one of the most serious diseases and if prolonged it can lead to all kinds of anxiety and suffering.
Only businessmen who want low-cost employees without using themselves, benami traders who get a word from foreigners, employees in foreign offices and shops, and so on, will oppose the ILP because they don't have it. The sad thing is that our people enjoy the temporary cleanliness, while the foreigners earn money from our support for their work.
“This is the Motphran Learning Academy which taught me to reach the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Lyngdoh, who was a former KSU leader for many years. often.
No youstrong can be in sealed.
In the past few days, during the inspection of the villages on the border of West Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills, from Japung, Mawkohram, Dambur, Borkhe, Missei and others, the farmers have been able to meet with the farmers. They said that last year, the price of sying at Mangsang Market, border with North Garo Hills District, was and it was about twenty shekels of silver.
Another issue is that the border road with the signboard will pass from the front of Lyngkhong village and this shows clearly that if there is no change, something else will happen to Lyngkhong village. , it will fall outside the shiah sign, or to the border of Bangladesh.
The arrest of these two persons was made after receiving a tip that two persons had left Tripura and were riding in a bus. , when they raided a bus number AS-01-LC-1412 at Byrnihat, they seized a bus number AS-01-LC-1 Five grams of Ganja were seized in plastic bags.
And also to perform the religion in the last manner according to the religion of the Lanot whether they are Hindu, Muslim, Tre or Christian.
At the same time, KSU Jowai Unit through its President Samla Ewanmi Phawa urged these students not to forget their nation no matter what position they are in.
She said that the beneficiaries should give up the AITC because Delhi is too far away while Kolkata is only near Shillong.
The Gauhati High Court has taken over the case since 2012 when 30 people died in a coal mine in South Garo Hills. the PIL (SH) 3 of
The DC said that they will also explain to the people the need to prevent such incidents from happening again and they have also prepared plans to implement for a long time to protect the city and district from such a thing happened.
Gurjit said the last meeting between the HPC and the government was on 29th November 2022 and the government has not invited them to talk but has sent a reply only to the blueprint sent to the HPC. He said that the HPC and the residents of Them ïew Mawlong have no information about those who are illegally resident and this has also been confirmed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. in the Mawlong market.
If we talk about Ri Khasi Jaintia, we see that the enforcement of rules is not very necessary for driving, because these days, the increase in the love of education, has accelerated and Looking at these days, we see that many of the youth who have passed the SSLC examination and thus, are eligible to get a driving licence.
By protecting and promoting the heritage and valuables of India, the Government aims to promote the people of the country and future generations to come to an understanding of the history and heritage of the country.
“We stand firm on our position that we want the VAB. It is a misleading statement by the opposition by alleging that we have close ties with the ruling party in KHADC, the PDF,” said Dr Kharshiing. .
The bye-election for the two Assembly constituencies is also not far away.
At the same time, he said, “Have you heard him (Bah Sanbor) speak in the House?...yes he came, but just by coming to the House and not saying anything, it is better for him to sit down. always at home, it would have been better if he had stayed at home.
On this occasion, the KHNAM State Youth Wing today met with the Minister of Electricity, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and sent a letter to him.
West Jaintia Police, led by Bah Ploster Syiem, Deputy Superintendent of Police, have conducted an investigation and have arrested several persons in Assam and Kerala. and these two men were robbers.
“Therefore, at the meeting it was decided to allow MeECL and the electricity department to support 100% of their budget for the Atmanirbhar Loan and the government will not hand them over. Some circles will be operated by companies, but this support will need to achieve some objectives within the stipulated time and MeECL will have to pledge some equipment to the state government.
Do we need to go abroad to develop our own State? We don't really need to.
Even if some people know, they value the culture of foreigners more in terms of language, culture, food and drink and even in ethnicity.
Members of the Black Panther Party were seen covering their heads and standing in front of the Stone Mountain Park.
Other speakers at the meeting were Sashi Sudhir, Program Analyst of the United Nations Development Program and Gayatri Ratnam of the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited (HUDCO).
Rimialson Daw should remove the writings and apologize himself, the apology from his family members on his behalf will not be accepted by the Society.
Many times parents force their children to study lines of study that they may not be able to do and children for fear of failure take their own lives.
Albert L Dkhar was one of the speakers.
The flames of this fierce battle were sparked by a clash on the 4th of June 1829 at Nongkhlaw between the troops of Pa'iem Tirot Singh and the foreign troops of the British Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The District TB Officer, Ri Bhoi District under the auspices of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program (NTB) has called upon the residents of Ri-Bhoi District to cooperate for the purpose of to reduce the number of Tuberculosis (TB) cases in Ribhoi.
The Prime Minister and his Symbud have continued to protect these ministers by insulting, insulting, insulting and even giving wrong answers.
In Meghalaya, no case of corona virus has been reported.
Of course, it can be planted in other places but it cannot be compared to its strength in terms of the medicinal properties it can produce as here in our country. get the same medicinal power that you have here in our country.
The office of DSO Mawkyrwat South West Khasi Hills District has informed that for the participants, there will be a cash prize of: First T.5000/- Second T.3000/-, Third T.3000/- .2000/-, T.1000/- for the oldest and youngest and T.500/- for the youngest and oldest.
They say that it is only the responsibility of the president and they don't know anything about it, and they want to try to remove or remove the state president.
Shillong, July 9: Two women candidates for the HSPDP, Grace Kharpuri and Teilinia Thangkhiew, have been confirmed to contest the 2014 MDC elections. .
“This country, other ethnic groups should respect us and I am an MLA who will speak clearly that they don't want to put me in the High Level Committee where I don't have any part in this. The government will take responsibility,” he added.
The youth, who was driving a Swift Desire (ML-04-D-1113), has been missing since the morning of the 16th. Police from Khliehriat Police Station have recovered the body and informed Ummulong Police Station. The body was taken to the scene. The body of the deceased was handed over to the family members of the deceased at Khliehriat CHC.
However, regarding the appointment of Acting Rangbah Shnong by the Hima Mylliem, the residents of Mylliem Village, said that they are not satisfied and want the village to have its own full and elected Rangbah Shnong. by the people of the city.
The work has just started and we will have to wait another year or two to complete the Mini Secretariat and we will transfer all these to the Pynursla Civil Sub Division,” he promised.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has once again expressed its concern regarding the vehicles carrying skum passing through Mawlai Village from petrol pump to FCI and also those vehicles. Those who come through the VIP Road (Mawsiatkhnam – Mawtawar) are kindly requested to cover themselves well to avoid the spread of skum which causes a lot of pollution and affects the cleanliness of the village.
Shillong, July 24: The Ri War Development Organization (RWDO) on Tuesday submitted a letter to the management of the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL), Shillong demanding that the The road from 7 mer to Dawki should be repaired.
In what year did you begin to give birth to your mother? In fact, it is the right of the man to give birth to a child.
Nongpoh, June 30: A 19-year-old girl from Ri Bhoi District has died suddenly at her school in Ri Bhoi District. Rajasthan on the evening of the 27th of this month, which has caused shock and disbelief to the parents and relatives of the girl. The school authorities have alleged that she had drunk bih and committed suicide.
Samuel said the party will meet with the Meitei and Kuki groups in an attempt to bring peace.
“According to the forecast, this cyclone will continue until the 28th of this month...We have directed all the Deputy Commissioners. that they should be vigilant 24 hours a day while the cyclone threat continues.
The ECI has sent a final letter to me and Adelbert Nongrum on 20th Nov 2020 and has asked both of us to resolve the issue by mutual understanding and the ECI has acknowledged and expressed through this letter. There is no problem in the party that needs to be resolved.
We demand that the Government should release the salary immediately.
He said that the increase in corruption and mismanagement has made it difficult for the authorities to look after the problems of the students.
" Whoever gives birth, whoever gives birth, whoever washes, whoever bathes, whoever cleanses, whoever cleanses, whoever cleanses, is the Mother.
Rida also told him.
The tournament will be divided into three categories, Under-14, Under-16 and Under-18 for men and women.
"On my part, I have already had a good discussion with the members of the UDP and then I have decided to contest for the post of Speaker. to support the UDP party.
They also said that the equipment used to clean these bodies is no longer working and for that reason the smell from these bodies is unbearable.
The residents also came out to get help but could not do anything.
In this regard, the West Midlands Force said it will continue to investigate and monitor through CCTV cameras.
This can only be done if education is introduced in schools, colleges and universities," he said.
In the first leg of the tournament, FAM beat Salaroh 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod SN Dykes has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to strictly prohibit the burning of forests or agricultural land.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The State Government has decided to release a donation of T.1.5 lakh each to the surrendered members of the ANVC and ANVC-B.
“I request the state government to find ways and means to bring the GNLA to the negotiating table,” Marak said.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 26: U Bah Niewkor Tynsong, from the border village of Lahaleiñ, Narpuh, today arrived and took part in the myngor village in Khliehriat. of East Jaintia Hills District, who is disabled, along with trees, was able to reach this place because of his deep concern for the community and for the people. He said that he is the brother of Prestone Tyngsong.
Italy and Juventus captain Leonardo Bonucci has announced that he will retire at the end of next season.
“This cooperation movement is my own initiative and I don't have any intention to include others here,” said the CEM of KHADC. to oppose the working methods of the government led by Mukul Sangma.
However, after the rules were released to the media, it was found that only the villages in Meghalaya will go to Assam.
The children of the SOS Children Village were shocked on the day the body of the young man arrived.
Panjab University, Chandigarh (PUC) has won 12 medals in the 3rd Khelo India University Games (KIUG) 2022 in Uttar Pradesh. Rowing competition which included 6 Gold medals.
He said that Meghalaya is one of the states in the country, where 95% of women in the rural areas are involved in running Self Help Groups and there are more than 4 lakh women. women working in SHGs in the state but before 2018 there were only about 35,0
Formalin is a chemical used to preserve dead bodies, and it causes cancer and is harmful to humans and should not be in fish.
The Committee is expected to look into all the shortcomings in the health sector in the state as mentioned in the previous meeting.
There were 8 teams participating in this tournament.
“It is a shame that the MDA Government led by the NPP, UDP, BJP, HSPDP, PDF, three Congress defectors and independent MLAs has not fulfilled its promises to implement the the demands of the teachers.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) one of the religious groups of the Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese with the support of the Khublei Group from Germany has opened a Free Tuition Class for the children who come from Germany. Underprivileged Students on Friday.
He said it is necessary to face and take care of the problems in the agriculture sector.
Shillong, July 6: The BJP Spokesperson in Delhi, Shri Nalin S Kohli, today said that the party has elected Shibun as its President. Lyngdoh has been appointed according to the rules and regulations of the party and cannot be changed anywhere else and to be re-elected once again. They met again to discuss the matter.
Blueberry Inn has 4 rooms for 4 guests for 6 days. The rooms booked at Blueberry Inn are Deluxe and Super Deluxe. The price of Blueberry is T.1,44,216 while the price of Blueberry is T.1
But He is sad to see many who go to church with pride, with contempt for others, and when they leave the church they do whatever they want to please their eyes, ears, tongue and whole body.
The table in Para 20 of the Sixth Schedule defines the tribal areas of Meghalaya as Khasi Hills District, Jaintia Hills District and Garo Hills District.
The Hynniewtrep people have their own customs and traditions on marriage, divorce, inheritance and participation, child support and child care.
What is noteworthy is that in Meghalaya there is no adequate security measures including electricity, but the Khasi and Garo communities are still growing rapidly, and there are still strong and hardworking communities. to turn into a male.
And God's Word also clearly states that the wages of sin is death.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Christian Network Fellowship will hold a two-day prayer service on the 16th and 17th of this month at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar-Shillong, from 10:30 am.
This shows that there is something behind the scenes that we Meghalayans don't know otherwise why the government is so eager to import from foreign states which is still considered as a Red Zone in Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills. West Jaintia and East Jaintia Hills are still under the Green Zone, if so why do you still want to impose restrictions on us in the district when even commercial vehicles are allowed only 2+1 persons without informing or verifying the fee? Why doesn't the state allow heavy vehicles to operate while those outside the district do not need permission, and why does it want to import coal from abroad when there is still coal? who is still in the state according to the government.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the 6th of this month. Beyond 2023.
Gladys D.Diengdoh of Cherra, Sd.
On the other hand, Bah Phunstarwell Sumer, Asst.Secretary of Raid Shabong, said that the Sordar of Raid Shabong has also accused him of not seeking permission from the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub Division. regarding the election of Rangbah Shnong in Siatbakon.
Agnes, meanwhile, held the record at 21k in 1 hour 14 minutes.
“You came here because you want change, if I win all the schemes will go to the people, it should not be only for those who have positions or supporters but it should be for all the people," he said.
Hindi as one of the subject at Degree Level from a recognized UniversityORGraduate in Arts/Science/Commerce with B.Ed having separate degree qualification like “RATNA: in the Hindi Language from a recognized UniversityPost Name:- Assistant Teacher (Hindi)No of posts :- 1Department:- Government secondary Schools under the Directorate of School Educational and Literacy.
When asked why they did this, Pekhi replied that Tuki was a strong leader in the Catholic Church and she wanted him to win.
This shows that poverty has increased significantly.
If they allow the supporters from different units to be involved in the election of the candidate, then the party supporters will also feel responsible and responsible for the work. and they have to work hard together for the victory of the candidate because if he loses, they will be sad and guilty and disgraceful of their own victory.
With the support of Bah Shangpliang, the MDC election in Mawsynram constituency will be interesting as the contest will be between Bah Alvin who is the incumbent MDC and the UDP candidate who will not be announced. MLA, Mr. Olan Suiñ.
Adelbert said that from time to time when there are protests, the Government does not believe in looking after the problems of the people but the Sengbhalang and the people have to come out on the ground and this shows. It is clear that the Government is not yet fit to rule because it thinks only of itself.
Nongpoh: Although the Ri Bhoi Police have been working hard to arrest the robbers involved in the murder of Bah Klai Mukhim, no arrest has been made yet. The robbers have been involved in the murder of a man from Pahamrinai, Ri Bhoi.
Revelation 22:5
Then I said to him, "Cut the fish into seven pieces and divide it equally, otherwise I will not eat.
Perhaps, the drivers of commercial vehicles will have to wait until July 12 to get a reply from the Deputy Commissioner whether the border crossing will continue or stop.
They demanded that the BJP-led central government should announce that the Eastern Bengal Border Regulation Act 1873 or the Inner Line Permit (ILP) will come into force immediately in Meghalaya as it has done in Manipur.
The state of peace and stability in Manipur due to the fierce ethnic conflict in the state which has also led to the loss of many lives, has prompted the Gangte people to come They fled to Shillong on Thursday evening.
The President of the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum, Bah Alan West Kharkongor said that the reason why these villages have joined hands to oppose the project is because MeECL has not done any proper survey to inform the people about the project. .
Police have registered a case under case number 36(04)19 u/s 454/380/5 Pope Francis has lain on his knees in the square of the Vatican City Cathedral today, as a sign of the commemoration of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
After investigation, the suspects confessed that they bought these explosives from Jalaphet Pyrdung for T.47,000 tyngka and confessed that these explosives were intended to be used in the construction of the road. .
He said that the requests or appeals should not be disclosed or affect anyone and if there are any shortcomings they will be called for correction and if there are any explanations they should to inform the Returning Officers or they can phone the District Election Officer, so that the election can be conducted smoothly.
The award went to Paulami Dutta, who worked with Pradip Kurbah for the National Award-winning films 'Ri: Homeland of Uncertainty', 'Onaatah: Of the Earth' The Market and the film Path, among others.
Earlier, the Congress had announced the name of Leston Wanswett, but later it was learned that Leston had met with BJP leaders and there was also an attempt by him to join the party if confirmed. to the ticket.
Grief is a difficult part to discuss because in our lives we humans often have grief when we face problems whether in our personal lives or in our families.
Why have those medicines begun to decline? Do we ever ask ourselves questions to seek righteousness and truth? According to the obvious truth, it is because of our own greed for wealth that we human beings have become the destroyers of the blessings of our Mother Nature.
The Assam Police, together with the BSF, have been intimidated not only by the residents of Langpih area but also by the people who come to Langpih Market. They came to patrol up to the Langpih Market which has caused a lot of panic among the people for fear of another shooting.
The district authorities should take measures to resolve the issue with the petrol pump workers so that the people can escape from the problem,” they said.
Although it worked, her thoughts turned only to the story she had just learned.
About 12 quarries and 4 quarries have been set up and operating illegally in the area despite the presence of the GHADC check gate and the Forest Development Corporation office. of Meghalaya (FDCM).
Here we find that a clean marriage will lead to division, there is no longer unity, we don't have unity, even if we are truly brothers and sisters, we have to become enemies because of cleanliness. blood.
This care center for the elderly will provide services to those elderly who do not have real caregivers and caregivers where they will get adequate accommodation and care without having to pay for food and drink. dih, medicines will also be available by trained doctors and physical education teachers to ensure a healthy body.
Now you see that we are women at home because of your absence.
"He asked further questions saying, 'the people demand justice by punishing those responsible.
These projects are critical to achieving the vision of the MDA Government that Meghalaya will achieve the target of becoming a $10 billion income state.
Like the seventh constitution in the state, the Kashmiris have received Article 370 and the Naga people have received Article 371 to protect them. to preserve the culture and way of life, but what happened to Article 370 in Kashmir?”, asked Dr Mukul Sangma.
The group will be headed by Jana Kharier as its chairman.
Shillong: It is suspected that Bah Romeo Lyngdoh, has been shot dead by members of the HNLC. 47, because at the time of his shooting, the noise was so loud that it was heard by many in Lapalang.
Therefore, the civil society organizations cannot hold protests.
Finally, the Seng said that it will also monitor the construction of this road as planned by the Central Government so that the objectives of the construction of this road will be in accordance with the wishes of the people of the area. M. Pajat, President of the Seng.
He also expressed his gratitude to the RBYF, especially to the Byrnihat Circle and the people of the area who have supported us from the beginning until we reached this goal. I appeal to the people of the area and district to give their full support, so that he can bring victory in this competition.
The Minister said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hill District has issued a directive to provide 10,000 tyngka buskit to those who have already been injected twice. office not from government.
He said the launch of Mission Lakadong in 2018 is not only to increase the cultivation of shynrai from 2577 hectares to 3652 hectares with a production of 16,000 metric tonnes to 22,368 metric tonnes, but also to meet the demand. Lakadong shynrai throughout the country and abroad as well.
Referring to trafficking in women, in 2011 there were 2 cases, in 2012 there were 7 cases, in 2013 there were 4 cases and until November 2014 there were only two cases.
You need about 8 to 12 months of seeds per acre.
Shillong, November 02: The farmers who are preparing to take part in the Meghalaya Farmer's Parliament to be held on November 4 and 5 have prepared questions to put before various departments of the Meghalaya Farmer's Parliament. the State Government.
The fare has increased significantly from Jowai to Lad-Rymbai which used to be Rs.60/- per ticket but has now reached Rs.120/- per ticket. The same happens to the villagers who leave their villages to go to the nearest market to buy food items and household items.
On the morning of 22nd November, 2022, six persons, five men from Nongmukroh and a Home Guard of Assam who was on duty with Forester, drowned near Mukroh, about 60 km away. and Jowai.
Freddy Jyrwa of East Khasi Hills who scored four goals was named Top Scorer while Kitboklang Buam of West Jaintia Hills was named Top Scorer. Tiros Kyndait of West Jaintia Hills won the Best Goalkeeper award.
Because during the great tribulation, many will turn away from following Jesus Christ because of the great tribulation.
He said that after winning the MLA election in 2018, it was Bah Ardent who sent him to join hands with the UDP to form a government but as soon as Bah Vincent Pala and Zenith Sangma came, he sent them to stop. to form a government with the UDP but at that time they did not listen because it had already been arranged to dissolve.
Vishwa and his driver Dipal Das, who were on their way to Shillong, lost their lives after colliding with a truck at Shangbangla, Ri-Bhoi District.
On the part of Bah Daniel Khongsit, Waheh Shnong of Bakur and one of the leaders of MTYDS, he congratulated all the participants and especially the thousands of people who gave their support by witnessing this competition. you win.
At the same time, he urged the students to work hard in their education and not to rely too much on government jobs in terms of employment and to turn to the private sector and companies.
The Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society said that the Society has been trying to revive this plant since 2018 at Samanong village in West Jaintia Hills District.
In a letter sent today, Marak alleged that the company has not followed the rules and regulations of the authorities in charge of the road.
Police rushed to Umsning CHC, where the husband, who sustained serious injuries, was rushed to the Civil Hospital Shillong. The victim was taken to the morgue at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
According to HNYF Mairang Leader Bah K Skan Rani, the fire started at 10:30 pm but the people who were sleeping inside the house were not surprised or felt until it burned down.
Such as family law, village law, religious law or church law...and government law.
“We are trying to improve and find ways and means to raise funds and reduce the expenditure of the council so that we can run the council's activities in the midst of income crisis.
“Let us walk in this world not as ignorant people, but as wise people”, urged Bah Khrang.
This article is to provide more detailed information about Ayurvedic treatment methods.
In-ri La-i-dor Khongthaw scored four goals in the 54th, 57th, 61st and 66th minutes.
Thus, the government comes from the political system to run or govern that state.
They believe that the unclean marriage with the Gentiles has destroyed the blood and identity of the nation.
Although the HSPDP has given the ticket to Bah Methodios, Gigur Myrthong has won 13,082 votes.
At this meeting, he also requested the NPP Supreme Leader to set up a Government College at Garobadha to improve education in the area.
Money comes and goes, they pay today and earn it tomorrow.
“The skills and abilities that they already have shows hope for the future,” he said and expressed his gratitude to the Working President of the MSOA and the team who have entrusted him to lead the event. The chess team is working to identify talented players who have the potential to improve in various sports.
Hence, without stopping at the achievement when it comes to achieving the ODF target, the Government of India has started moving in the direction of ODF Plus or support for ODF status, ensuring that no one is left behind; and building an environment in which solid waste management does not harm the environment.
The Leaonix, which came first, received a cash prize of T.25,000/- and a trophy. Bloming S.Sylliang, who came in fourth place, won a cash prize of T.7000/- and a trophy.
He said that he does not want to promise anything but what he promises to do is to be a guide for the youth how to stand on their own feet and getting government jobs depends on the hard work of the youth. MLAs especially in this age need to work hard to improve their future.
Therefore, those who are still alive until that time will have to experience the terrible tribulation, the time of the reign of the devil and Satan, because his government will force them to accept the seal
In this regard, we urge you to do something so that it will not cause problems to the residents, and the students have to do online classes, also the Padu state dispensary because the injection drugs covid-19 have to be kept in the refrigerator so that bakin doesn't know.
