In the last hours before his death, John Alley Chau wrote a letter to his parents, saying, "Don't blame them or God.
He said that he has already submitted his resignation letter to Bah VH Pala President of the party and it has become clear to the world that he has left the Congress party from 28th July .
Nisville will be their seventh international stage.
The KSU requests the media to publish what the president has said so that the people will not be misled.
She said that the first thing is that they did not receive the information in time that there will be a CEM election today but the MDCs received the information at 8 pm while the election was held. “At 1 pm, the Peon of the District Council came to knock on the door of my house to give the notice, my fellow MDCs got the information at 8 pm,” she said. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Suin said that the organization of such programs is of great benefit to the youth of the church. The Tyngnger District Presbyterian Church has the responsibility to conduct this program for the purpose of skill development to improve the youth in employment.
On this occasion, it is learned that James Sangma, Minister of State for Power, will hold a meeting tomorrow with officials of the Power Department, to discuss the power outage, before the Christmas and New Year celebrations throughout the State.
The law says, 'No one is above the law.
Assistant Commissioner DBS Mukhim said that they found some meat which was no longer suitable for eating, so they ordered the meat vendors on the street to break it down.
Furthermore, we expect that this development will not 'destroy' or 'destroy' the environment, but will allow the environment to grow together.
A source from the PWD officers in Ri Bhoi District, said that the incident happened at 4.30 pm this morning. PWD officers from Mawhati Sub Division, on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the IB. ha Umsiang to investigate the incident, where they found that there was damage to two bedrooms.
The rainfall, till 8.30 am, was 100 percent in Shillong, Sohra and Umiam.
This is where the end of the world comes.
The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), who is also the Minister of State for Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has expressed his confidence that the MP election will be won by the National Party.
Following the murder of Akoijan, the state police also arrested Sonia on June 17,
One of the famous singers, Lou Majaw, who has been awarded the title of “Bob Dylan of the East,” entertained the audience at the Cherry Blossom Festival on the 19th of November.
The CEO has never been involved in any illegal activities before.
These elders of the area said that the existence of the KHADC forest does not benefit the residents but benefits everyone.
Jowai: The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District today removed the Tala of HANM which has closed the Toll Gate at Ialong since yesterday.
When asked about the tickets of all the MLAs to contest for 2023, he said, “This is a question that when the election is announced, I don't know how to answer because I will be one of the many. The candidates who will contest for tickets from the party have not yet taken a decision.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum, Bah SD Khongwir, who has been the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Town Durbar since 1968 until now, has been unable to attend the special meeting of the Mawlai Town Durbar. Mawlai Town Durbar, on the 21st July 2021, has extended its special greetings to all the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities within the Mawlai Town Durbar and other neighboring villages within the boundary of Mawlai Pyllun. Mawlai C&RD Block on the decision of the Mawlai Town Durbar regarding the request not to force anyone.
After the second half, it was witnessed that Mawlai girls strengthened their front to control the game and in the 41st minute. They led through the goal of Da-aijinsuk Basaiawmoit.
Therefore, before you say anything, think carefully whether it might hurt others.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan attended the launch of the Ayushman Bhav Campaign on 13th November.
This was further confirmed when it agreed on the decision to imprison two Reuter journalists.
Lumpariat SC beat West Madan Mustem Sports Club 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Tuesday.
The President of the KSU, West Khasi Hills, Johnfisher Nongsiang, said that the KSU has received many complaints from parents who are worried about their children due to the extreme heat of the weather. which also led to infection.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Patarim under the Umsning Town Durbar, has expressed its regret over the spread of garbage by the robbers, who have spread garbage at a place on the side of the road near the school. Sati Raja Memorial School, which is also located in the Umsning Town Durbar.
Speakers included Dipshon Lyngdoh Nongbri from Mawlai Khasi Seng, Banshai Marbaniang from Mawsynram Circle, GL Niang, Sein Kynto from Raij Khatar Doloi.
The bird was arrested and handed over to the maritime police.
“The election for the 60 members of the State Legislative Assembly in Arunachal Pradesh will be held on 11th June 2019, with Kiren Rijiju contesting as the BJP candidate from Arunachal Pradesh West and Tapir Gao from Arunachal Pradesh East.
The Revenue Officer, JHADC in a letter sent to the Chairman and Secretary Village on 19th August 2021 has given until 15th November 2021 to resolve the issue of land dispute between the village and Romario Sungoh. Namdong A said that until the deadline, the Dolloi of Nongjngi District, Copiousness Daw, has not taken a hearing on the matter.
He said that until recently he has been trying to meet her but has not been able to do so.
Besides, he urged them not to spread false news or news without first checking the facts.
The sons of the deceased told them that they had sent word to the mother of Ksan.
For more information call-9862889655/8
The public has the right to open shops and others have the right to eat and drink in public places far from residential areas.
Speaking at the meeting, Kong I Nongrang, Director General of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya, said that the origin of the Home Guard Police is through the village security forces established during the time. of the First World War in the United Kingdom, when in India the Home Guard was formed in Mumbai on 6 November 1946, which is also the reason why this anniversary is celebrated every year on this date.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynrei, Bah O.Pyngrope, said that the relatives did not move the body because of their faith.
Many of our struggles as a nation have never reached the goal of victory because we have defeated ourselves.
The environment has deteriorated, society and income have deteriorated, the poor are getting poorer, the rich are getting richer, women are being abused, beaten and abused. iot.
The farmers said that there is a scheme through NABARD known as the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund which has helped the farmers to build water tanks and wells in their farmland. However, there were those who tried to take advantage of the committee and demanded up to 30% of the funds allocated to the farmers.
Shylla said there are many places in the state where only men are allowed to take part in the election of village office bearers in the dorbar but the KHADC does not want to do this in a hurry.
The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO-EJZ) has expressed its full support to the Union Waheh Shnong (SWS), East Jaintia Hills District, Khasi Students' Union-Narpuh Circle on the deadline. ) to the government authorities to repair the National Highway 6 (NH
The other two away matches are against Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh.
According to the source of literature, poets who write means those who write well in tone of voice and speak, which means aesthetics. it summarizes the writings of the poets.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Kupli Circle has held a memorial service on the shooting death of five residents of Mukroh by the Assam Police on 22nd November
In a letter to the Chief Minister signed by General Secretary Earnest Mawrie and President OB Tariang, the party said that in Meghalaya, the people of Meghalaya are very good at drinking alcohol and wine. The union has urged the government to allow the opening of their shops on the days set by the government. they did not open the shops.
This increase in price has prompted the union to find out the root cause and investigate.
Revelation 20:3
Recently, there were reports that the Congress will support Jemino Mawthoh for the Rajya Sabha MP election.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Income Tax Department of the Union Government in the past few days has sent a notice to all Khasi who are considered to be rich.
Shillong, Lber 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today admitted that the schemes of the central government are slow to be implemented and the reason is because the government is slow to issue Utilization Certificate (UC) on time. fine.
It may be recalled that on 29th November 2022, the government submitted the blueprint to the HPC at a meeting held at the Secretariat. Board to provide accommodation to these 342 households.
At present, there are seven constituencies left vacant without MDCs and these are Sohiong constituency with the resignation of HDR Lyngdoh, Nongkrem with the resignation of Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Laban-Mawprem with the resignation of MDC. Sanbor Shullai, Mawthadraishan, Rambrai, KP Pangniang, Mairang, and Stephan Mukhim, War Jaintia.
“When they ask there is nothing to give because there is no money to give.
The Government has the right to implement the environmental improvement scheme as it has been implemented for a long time and as ordered by the High Court, otherwise the Court has the right to arrest the government officials and imprison them. so that other governments in the future will not be willing to do whatever they want.
When there were no roads, bicycles were used, in the countryside, camels were used, ships helped us to cross rivers, in the mountains, people used medicines. .
The NPP received 3,14,120 votes including the votes of two PDF MLAs who joined the party, Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew, Gavin Mylliem from Sohra and Auspicious Lyngdoh (General). Secretary of the PDF) Mawphlang with 29,733 votes and 3,43,853 votes.
Khliehriat, Nov 1: At a meeting held at Khliehriat West Community Hall on 29th July 2022, the CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), Bah Lasky Rymbai, today launched the Payment for Eco-Scheme. System Services (PES), in which this is a special scheme for the conservation of forests.
He appealed to the voters to allow him to serve the Jowai Constituency once so that he can achieve his aspirations and if he is not fit, reject him.
I'll ask you this.
Jowai, Naitung, 11: Residents of Lad Ïawthymme Ladthadlaboh road have been in shock over the incident of lymbub by two wheelers. sun.
This is true of many of our young people.
In connection with the illegal erection of the dewbilat cross, the village together with the HNYF, Mawiambei Unit, have lodged an FIR against the person who dared to erect the dewbilat cross. They have lodged a complaint with the Mawlasnai Police Out Post to take the necessary action.
Therefore, the ACE suspects that Khan and his accomplices have taken over the 500 Kanal land from the owners of the land. places decades ago.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : There are more than 4,000 beneficiaries of the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme (CMSAS) especially mothers, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said.
Five persons were arrested and one of them was seriously injured and was taken to Civil Hospital, Tura but died there due to severe bleeding.
The JSU has also decided to ask the police department to install CCTV cameras in various places to curb robbery.
Shillong: U Bah HS Shylla, one of the prominent politicians of the state, has passed away this morning while undergoing treatment at the Super Care Hospital. Shillong.
Meanwhile, the match between Belgium and Austria in Brussels ended in a 1-1 draw.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on Tuesday said that the MDA government is stable and has nothing to do with the Congress.
The residents of Ngunraw, South West Khasi Hill District under the leadership of Samla Melkaia Thongni today held a cleanliness drive in Nongrah.
She said that she has also spoken to the Prime Minister and expressed her support.
“Many people have requested the Meghalaya government to distribute food items to the people who are not on the non-NFSA list and I would like to inform all the people of the state that the Meghalaya government cannot interfere or change the schemes. “It's not the government of India,” he said.
On average, the turnout of voters in the previous elections was only about 80 percent.
At this time, one of the Riew Tymmen Riew San, Rgh Mistin Tymthai, who was also the Lyngdoh of Sohbar at that time, went to protest against the preparation to erect the mobile tower. Therefore, even after lodging a complaint before the human rights authorities, which they did not listen to, they went to the court. hear the prayer of the king in the assembly of God.
Ardent said that the foreign travel in which many people act like they were born abroad is no longer like a public servant.
“What happened is that the Lamphang made a mistake when he voted on the day of the election of the CEM, this is what he made a mistake,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : The state government has asked for four months to look into the request for more land by the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
The group had the opportunity to convey this demand to the Prime Minister and several Union Ministers.
When asked how the department will curb the illegal driving of vehicles by the youth, the SP said that the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) is monitoring this issue and conducts the work from time to time.
This means that all the churches who have followed and believed in Jesus will come together at the same time in the Holy City whether they are the first or the last.
Nongstoiñ, June 30: The Northeast Institute of Professional Studies (NIS) on Tuesday held a free self-employment training programme. ", at its branch in Pormawthaw, West Khasi Hills District for the elderly and youth who have completed their training in Mystery Work with the support of the National Bank.
“I am glad that I have received your invitation, but I have not been able to attend.
However, media reports said that Rijiju does not feel anything and will continue to work hand in hand with Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in many areas.
At the end of the programme, the Ri Bhoi Police, conducted another tree planting ceremony at the Reserve Police Station in Nongpoh.
On the other hand, he said that the party supports the statement of Bah Sadon that it is up to Bah Ardent as a leader how they give advice to the government.
Shillong: The Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem today confirmed that the market will be closed until 2 pm.
On this closing day of the celebration, the youth of Pyndengrei village, was very happy and lively in which there were many activities for the youth of the village, who had the opportunity to participate in the games. many sports including Mawpoiñ, Tyllai, Kynjatball, Basketball, Volleyball, dance songs and others.
“We need the power of God to clear the case,” said Bah Erwin on his Facebook page.
After inspecting the documents of the candidates who have been given the opportunity to contest this election, he congratulated all.
“Of course, we faced difficulties in the I-League in the last match but tomorrow's match will be difficult and we believe in working together to achieve the goal.
This means that blood flows smoothly to all parts of the body which helps in the proper functioning of the blood vessels which helps to reduce the risk of these diseases.
It is learned that when the man left the house, he was carrying a mobile phone number 9401459247, but since that day, his mobile phone has switched off.
There is no sign that the government will open a new district this month.
The protest was led by the Environment Coordination Committee (ECC), Sutnga Elaka and the ECC decided to hold a rally once again after the government did not respond to their demands. in the first rally.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs needs to have a special dorbar and take steps to provide training on Khadar administration to the Rangbah Shnongs so that they can become better qualified to look after the work for the people.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma also visited Nongkhlaw, the birthplace of Syiem Tirot Singh in Eastern West Khasi Hills. which produced this brave leader.
Mowkaiaw Cultural Youth Club won by 45 runs against Northeast Adventist University Cricket Club in the District Cricket League organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) on 17th June.
The house which he built in the field of my mother was left without any preparation for my mother.
On this occasion, the KSU Bengaluru Unit held the 3rd Meghalaya Cultural Program and confirmed the new office bearers of the two offices in Karnataka. Deputy Inspector General of Police, Bengaluru, Bah Ïada Martin, who was the chief guest on the occasion, urged the Khasi students not to stay in Bengaluru. The Khasi Khara should unite to promote their language, culture and nation.
Wahmawleiñ is the cleanest village in Mawkynrew block of East Khasi Hills district and perhaps one of the cleanest villages in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone Tynsong MLA of the area and Minister of Border Area, C&RD Block and Forest Department said that opening schools is easy but to improve the schools. school is extremely difficult.
“We hope to win the most among all this time too,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The Chief Minister District Level U-12 (Boys & Girls) Football Tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, Shillong. Ri-Bhoi District has reached the final stage of the tournament on Saturday at the NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium.
Process T Sawkmie said that these two government departments should not have differences of opinion to avoid the problems of the people.
Once the names of the beneficiaries are completed, the distribution of food items under the Food Security Scheme will start immediately.
The five schools that participated in the STAR Talent Identification Program on 8th June 2023 are St. Francis School, Shyam Nagar LP School, Kalapani Secondary School, Shyam Nagar Govt UP School, JN Higher Secondary School , Gime New Model Govt School, Gimegari Deficit Secondary School and Chambakpara Govt.
“The second part was on the problems and consequences of the implementation of the NEP without any consensus, it was on the new classroom, teachers, on the increase in fees and “The university will have to consider carefully before implementing the NEP,” he added.
According to Bah Teinwel, almost all the Hima and Elaka have submitted their Bills and sent them to the Lat. especially the relationship with the non-allowance of women to participate in Hima or Raid Dorbars.
Those who can join must be under 45 years of age and must undergo military training.
Employment creation for the youth is also an important issue as the youth who are educated, grown up, unemployed and those who want to create their own jobs also have job opportunities. open.
From the conversation with the head of the cow farmers, it was understood that in two or three days there will be no shop selling cow meat in Iewduh.
Minister Duh also urged the students of the country to take part in the biggest quiz on the Chandrayaan mission to be conducted by MyGov from 1st November.
Regarding these two issues, the Union today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
In the second leg, FAM beat Luti Tuber Ialong 3-0
According to the leaders, after Modi's visit, the BJP will also release the names of its candidates in various constituencies.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing said that as the leaders of the area, they have remembered this great man of the area even though he is no longer on this earth and the contributions he has made for the nation. They shall remember it for ever, and they shall remember it for ever.
On the second occasion, Rev HH Mohrmen Secretary SURE in his speech urged everyone not to ignore those refugees who use alcohol but to help those people or youth who use and have been abused. khum right type of alcoholic beverage.
The first match was for Friends United who won 5-3 on penalties against Rympei PIP. MPFV, and in this match it was the MPFV team who won through penalties 5-4
In Chahtisgarh, although the Congress has strengthened its election campaign, Modi's name and performance has overshadowed the Congress government's activities in the state and the election campaigns of Congress leaders including Rahul Gandhi has not been able to compete with Modi.
It should also be so in a democracy; the public must take part.
On this occasion, u Bah PT Sawkmie also raised the flag as a sign of the opening of the Annual School Sports which will end on Thursday 22nd October, 2024 in the presence of Sister Headmistress, Rangtong, Sister A.Thongni, teachers and others.
The society of our Khasi Khara has been a good example for the countries of the world especially in the field of customs and traditions of giving birth to the mother.
In another incident, East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested another drug dealer named Sujit Paul.
Earlier, a group of school teachers had sent a proposal to the government to pay the salaries of the teachers of computer subject but this has not happened yet.
We have a stable government here in our state.
Through the support of the Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund (CEPF), the residents of this village have achieved success in terms of participating in the protection of wildlife and the environment.
According to police sources , the deceased was identified as Wilungbou , resident of Naraina Chirag Delhi, before finding your body.
“We have set up a Social Committee to study this matter.
“According to the documents, it is the Hima Nongspung which has issued the No Objection Certificate (NoC) for the construction of the PMGSY road in this bag.
Besides, we have recently opened a 100 bedded hospital at Baljek Integrated Health Complex where the people have received adequate treatment,” said James Sangma.
It is alleged that these people are walking around carrying weapons such as knives, knives, nar rods because they are not afraid of getting protection from the MLA. The police have not arrested and punished these people.
As the residents who have understood especially in this age of education we all know and have been trained not to spread garbage anywhere especially in the wells. or rivers.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma on Tuesday convened a meeting of the High Powered Committee (HPC) regarding the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
In conclusion, Bah Marwein appealed to the public to cooperate with the Police, so that many crimes can be curbed which have started to grow rapidly in these days.
The Government has appointed M/s Lessly Shylla to build and operate it.
A house collapsed and seven people were injured in a lightning strike in Umsohlait village, Ri Bhoi district on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailur 23: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday said that the increase in traffic jam in Shillong is due to the overcrowding of vehicles while the road remains unchanged. .
Tens of millions of tons of plastic are in the oceans until fish and other marine life die prematurely because they eat plastic until they get sick and die.
Referring to the people who went to take part in the wedding ceremony in Guwahati, the Chief Minister said it is regrettable that the people have violated the rules and regulations set by the government and went to take part in the ceremony. The wedding ceremony was held at Greenwood Resort in Assam.
There is no problem for those who are old enough, who have enough jobs and once they encounter a lifestyle of dignity.
“The people are confused because of the transfer of political party leaders from one party to another.
Slamming the state government, the Nongpoh MLA said that the promises of the government through Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, to implement the COVID-19 treatment center in Ri Bhoi, He said that the government has been grateful to the people in the district and has not seen any sign of implementing the hospital. the whole state.
Laws are made by the people's rulers elected by the people. If that law is against the will of the people, it shall be rejected and repealed by the power of the people.
According to the SP of the district, Touthang came from Aizawl and intended to smuggle drugs to Shillong.
“To say that nothing can be done without power is easy and we are thinking of a way out of this statement and that is to elect a person to contest from the party that will always be in power. you're right," said Mr. Hispreaching.
“We hope that the police department will not delay in finding the perpetrators of this crime whoever they are and let the law do its duty,” said the HANM leader. We also urge the Police Department to arrest those who spread on Social Media an unsigned letter against the KSU, as this letter was sent to the President and General Secretary of the Khasi Hills. Student Union.
Shillong, July 6: The Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has decided to summon the officers of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department. satisfied with the reply submitted by the department to the committee on the wastage and inefficiency of Rs 1.81 crore released to the Chennai-based company and its partner working with the Group for the construction of a meat processing plant in Jowai.
One of the people in the crowd at the festival was moved to tears.
Minister Rakkam A. Sangma told reporters that the students should know the Constitution of India, including the Sixth Schedule, the wealth of larity and the way of life of the students. 'It's the country of Meghalaya.
Dr. Karad was accompanied by 2-Tura MP Agatha K Sangma, Rangsakona MLA Subir M. Marak, Deputy Commissioner RP Marak, Superintendent of Police Vikash Kumar. at three places during this first visit of the Minister to Ampati.
This has severely affected the spirit, educational qualifications and careers of the employees of the state especially those who have succeeded and excelled in their studies.
The meeting started at 11 am under the leadership of Kur President Herlington Shadap Manar in the presence of Local MLA, Nujorki Sungoh as the chief guest and Local MDC Aiborlang Shadap Manar as the chief guest. he is also a member of the Seng Kur.
“Through the collaboration between Avenues and Young Change Agents, it is expected that thousands of youth in Meghalaya and the North East will be encouraged to start their own businesses,” he said. you are showing the way.
In Garo Hills, there is a ban on the seizure of corruption and the BJP leaders have been banned from seizing theft. Bernard N Marak, State Vice President, BJP Meghalaya, said that the party has been using former militants to intimidate BJP leaders.
To understand this better, I have searched many books to see what scriptures can tell us whether our leaders at that time understood clearly what their purpose was when they were born. and struggle for their own state in which the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo will be the leaders, not the Assamese.
The establishment of the district in Mairang is to facilitate the movement of the people so that they no longer have to travel to Nongstoiñ and Shillong to complete their work.
A passing journalist witnessed this at 1:47 am on Monday morning.
Vice President- Careme Phawa.
At NEIGHRIMS alone, the number of cases has increased from 7 to 11 while undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Therefore, we want the people to support KHNAM because all the parties have been involved in the state government so if they want to see that the District Council will have the power alone, support KHNAM.”
It was further said that Jesus, in fact, took to protecting the woman, who was being touched and abused by the people.
Hercules Suting, President of the HYC in Ri Bhoi, said that the reason why the HYC visited the area and met with the shopkeepers was after receiving a complaint from the HYC. The shopkeepers, who have received a letter from the NHAI, to leave the area where they used to shop, otherwise they will be forcibly destroyed.
A man who was stranded on the other side of the Myntdu River in Ialong village has escaped from the scene after being rescued by the Fire & Emergency Services, Jowai.
The increase in the production of synsar from neighboring States has increased the demand for synsar in the market, which has led to a decline in the price of synsar”.
“Chandrababu Naidu, who led the Telugu Desam Party (TDP), has left the NDA as part of a protest against the central government's refusal to allocate a special allocation for Andhra Pradesh.
On this basis, it has created many ways and means to build school buildings for LP, UP and so on.
The sources said that this is true that the trucks carrying mawria (20 mm chip) have not been investigated by the Forest Department and even the employees of the Forest Department have not been able to do anything. This is because there are those who say that vehicles carrying mawria should not be parked at this gate and should not collect taxes.
To decide the winner, the referees took the tie-breaker match where Umkseh SC won the title.
He said that many parents of the children have complained to the union that the time of the tournament is at the time when the examination is about to start and it affects the time. prepare children's books.
The examination for the promotion of Home Guard to the rank of Havildar Clerk has been fixed for Saturday.
In the incident, the vehicle overturned on the road and fell into a ditch near the road, which led to the injury of the driver of the vehicle and he died. hashen in this place.
They did not have to go for corona test themselves and walked and stood in the village and mixed with other residents.
A total of 663 children and women have participated in these surveys.
Mawlarshong Sports Club and Tiehsaw Pengkyllut have lost 10 points each in the NDSA Premier League Football Tournament 2023 after the match ended in a draw.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said that as the organizers, they will continue to prepare and go to the people to explain the goals and principles of the party especially from this new party.
The Supreme Court said Ashish should have stayed in Uttar Pradesh or Delhi during his release on bail.
The progress of the beekeepers was appreciated by the participants in the Zoom meeting.
Arms.
On the other hand, u Bah PT Sawkmie said that he has confidence in the central government to solve these problems faced by the people of the state.
He said that the youth today are the liberators of the people from the slavery of poverty and illiteracy.
In this regard, the Seng takes this opportunity to urge and invite all the residents of the village to come to the lympung during these two days, where there will be no entrance fee, and the exhibition of be able to see and witness what is behind this program.
Federick Wahlang scored the third goal for Umrit in the 52nd minute but Wanroyshang Sangma scored the second goal for Umrit in the 68th minute.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Three battalions of the CRPF will arrive in Garo Hills on Monday to fight insurgency along with the police forces who are already present.
"You are lucky to have met Lydia," said Hep.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Wednesday demanded that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Review Petition to the Supreme Court against the decision of 3rd July 2019 which has brought the State under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 in Meghalaya and this Act which lays down the rules on how to mine coal even after the ban on coal mining in the State has been lifted.
Nongstoiñ, November 12: As part of the celebration of Christmas, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM) Nongkhlaw District, Nongstoiñ, has visited several needy families in Nongstoiñ. you have received a book, and you have given gifts of fine clothes as a joy.
The winners of the five groups will qualify for Round 2, where four teams will qualify for the final round of the AFC U-19 Women's Championship. Thailand 2019, including Japan, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea and Uzbekistan.
The incident happened at Chengrapara village under Dalu Civil Sub-Division.
The JSU has demanded from the education department of the state government to enroll all the students of Class 11 from Jaintia Hills in government schools in Jowai.
When asked about the new bridge near the Dwarksuid Bridge, NHAI Project Director Anand Singh Chauhan said that the construction of the bridge is in progress. The new bridge will be completed within 5 or 6 months.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today rejected the words used by the MLA of APSTA. Gambegre said Saleng A Sangma during the debate because they are rude words that are not used in the House or “unparliamentary word”.
“We have seen that the destruction of forests has been extensive and many of the water wells have started to ring tyrkhong and the people have suffered from the water.
For those who have already become doctors but wish to pursue further training in the field of medicine, they are allowed to go at the expense of the government but they also have to sign up. Bond amounting to T.1 crore.
The HITO has met with the MLAs of Sohra, Gavin Mylliem, Mawhati MLA, Charles Marngar, Ranikor MLA, Pius. Marweiñ, and the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Olan Sing Suin.
Nowadays we see that the laws of these two (government and religion) have begun to conflict.
Guwahati: The Assam government, through a notice issued recently, has banned any government employee in Assam from getting married for the second time.
Although the PDF leaders have not named anyone, it has been learned from sources close to the party that their leader will be Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM of KHADC. He replied that they have just started and they will have to move forward with the work of setting up youth departments. Youth Wings, Women's Wing and Districts and so on.
Don't be quick to announce, Seek the truth first, Lest it turn away, You or my brothers.
Shillong: The Committee on Village Administration Bill (CVAB) headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong, Chairman, is studying the issues requested by the Governor on the Village Administration Bill
If once the reversal of evil by good is like a sword, but one day good will always triumph over evil and this will bring about change.
Saudi Arabia, Nailar 26: Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo has scored a hat-trick for Al Nassr to help the club win their first title. in the Saudi Pro League this season.
Grecia's brother, Pura Bareh, has lodged a complaint against Grecia. Police are investigating the incident under Khliehriat PS Case No.26(7)2022 us 302 IPC. Shillong: On 21st November 2022, KSU Jowai Unit in the presence of Ewan Phawa, President, Nipoi Shadap, Publicity Secretary and others, met with the Branch Manager of Bandhan Bank Mokyrdup Jowai Branch. The bank doesn't count the holidays of the Khasi Pnar community, because it doesn't have holidays on the special days of the Khasi Pnar community or even the state holiday.
However, Tharoor in recent days has sent a letter to the All India Congress Committee (AICC) demanding that it should clarify the election of the party's president. which is clearer.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Elegis Thongni and Nick Shangpliang, the producers of the film, said that after receiving the certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification Guwahati, they said that the film has been released. The film is currently on line at Cinema Hall Shillong. The film has been directed by Abalin Nongkhlaw, Wellborn Mynsong, John Rani, Sanmilian Mawrie, Arman Disiar, Anthony Khyriem, Mewan Pohthmi and Kyrmen K Ryja. I'm going to YouTube.
He also promised that he will continue to support the youth and to hold this beauty pageant every year.
U Thong, when he saw that he had been turned away, he threw away the live sohpieng, cut off the heavy branches of the sohpieng and threw them away.
The union strongly urges and demands that the government should increase the price of petrol/diesel completely. There is a lockdown and the people are being threatened with this more and more important part.
In his long speech, which also mentioned the principles of the HSPDP, Pangniang also recalled the speeches of Purno A Sangma who spoke about the leadership in the state. He spoke to the Garo people how to be leaders to love their own people.
Shillong: Members of the Hill Farmers Union Central Body and various units have decided not to sell jhur to the market on the 8th of this month as they will have to attend the meeting on the 8th of this month. This month at 10.30 pm at Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar to discuss the illegal kilo cutting in the market and other places in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
KSU Laskeiñ Circle on Saturday led by President Balawan Suchiang, Assistant General Secretary Peter Ram Sutnga, Assistant General Secretary Garland S Manner and other members received information from the residents on the construction of a Catholic school in Karbi Anglong. They visited Moolaber village, the border area between Assam and Meghalaya and found that the construction is progressing.
He said that all the places where people used to go were not banned, but why today 7th November 2023 they were banned and fined.
However, in the 58th minute, Kerala managed to equalize through Saheef.
He said the implementation of the Roster System since 1972 has affected the youth job seekers of the state and as the party has fulfilled its promise to advocate for this issue.
Vincent said that tens of thousands of students complete their Matric and Higher Secondary examinations every year but many of them, although intelligent, face difficulties in getting into classes in Shillong due to poverty.
Rikermi Phawa (30), Hailan Shylla (69) and Request Shylla (70) scored the goals for Lumkhangdong.
The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the Piramal Foundation, which is responsible for the development of Aspirational Districts, on 16th November launched a Book Donation drive by Arpit Upadhaya, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh under the theme, “Share the gift of reading this Christmas & New Year”.
The aim of the fishing festival is to bring unity, love and cooperation and especially to bring closeness between them.
Phan is one of the most famous jhur varieties in the world, it is a variety of jhur native to Peru where Indians have been planting it for hundreds of years.
In this regard, the JSU has expressed its gratitude to the Council for taking this initiative and expresses its appreciation to the present EC especially to the CEM for taking action on these issues. The Council will continue to work for the country and the nation to survive and grow in economic development, said a statement from the Union.
Upper New Nongstoin have continued their victory in the NDSA Premier League Football Tournament
Lahkmen expressed his concern over the increase in cases of crime as more than 3000 cases have been registered every year in the last three years.
JOWAI: The Vanglai Club of Saitsama village, Thadalskeiñ Block, has held a District Youth Convention on the issue of “The Impact of Social Media” on the youth.
He said that the DC will try for 10 days to understand the real impact of the presence of local taxis or whether they will have to ban other vehicles if necessary.
When asked regarding the activities of the Pakistani troops in the LoC areas and whether they have reduced the number of troops in these areas bordering India and whether they have reduced the number of attacks in the areas. “There has been no reduction in the presence of troops by Pakistan as they have struggled to increase the number of troops in the region in order to provide for the needs as they are intended.
At the meeting held today at Rit Mawsir, Mawsynram; The President of the MBCC, Bah Khelor Kharnaior, today announced that all the 136 Primary Units of the MBCC have approved the name of Bah HM Shangpliang. and the Youth Congress Mawsynram.
On the other hand, he accepted the suggestion of the opposition members to reform the appointment system in government departments.
He said that the party workers will continue to train in every household for the party's working principles.
They removed tons and tons of rocks from the area without the consent of the landowners and residents.
Okram Ibobi also expressed his desire to further improve the boarding production and other sectors essential to the economic development of the state within the near future.
All the works related to the police station in Byrnihat have been shifted to the Anti-Infiltration Checkpost, Byrnihat.
As much as he could, Thomas Jones gave and gave his life.
Therefore, the residents and police of the area themselves have not been able to clean up the mess and recover the bodies of their relatives themselves due to the delay in the arrival of the rescue teams. and to provide assistance.
What is more surprising is that the VC is still raising this issue after three years.
The deceased was identified as Jona Thabah (23) son of Sboh Thabah, who also lives in Lumbyrhing, near Nongpoh.
“Even if we are arrested, we should not leave but we will leave within the 2nd.
Even now this is happening in this city and Syria in the Middle East against Christians, the followers of the Lord Jesus have been persecuted by those rebels like Isis and the rulers of Syria is a place The Hima Pateng was inherited because of the rule of violence against the innocent, to kill them even now this is happening in Syria (Damascus). Because the rulers and the rule and the rule is ignorant of God, Eastern powers such as Russia and others, who have oppressed them, have opposed the rights of the people because of war and violence.
The Law of Jesus is Righteousness, Justice and Godliness.
Although the Durand Cup this year is not equal, with the aim of going far in the I-League 2023-24, the club has brought in this player who is also a player. 'bar ri is the first.
The saying "Justice delayed is justice denied" has come true in the life of Rev. Thomas Jones.
“Ma Stephan Mukhim is a far-sighted man who understands the plight of the people and who works hard and we don't want to criticize the work that the incumbent MLA has done. Het and invite all the supporters and leaders to work hard to reach the goal.
Ibson has made 26 appearances for the Portuguese club, scoring ten goals and assisting three times.
The healing is obvious, it doesn't find anything, but it depends on the pain that a person suffers, no matter what religion he belongs to.
Shillong, Lber 26: The National People's Party (NPP) led by Purno A Sangma has won many MLAs from Khasi Jaintia Hills in the 2018 MLA elections.
The War areas are sharing and the people do not even have a small garden to grow jhur, so they have to rely on foreign land for jhur.
The SP said that with the help of witnesses, three persons were arrested by the police from their residence.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday handed over the Social Contract for the National Games 2022 to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. Sports Department, Executive Members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Among these shops which have started doing these activities in compliance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court to be clean for the benefit of health, are those in Motphran and other places. four parts.
Kumar has spoken out against the beating of Swami Agnivesh by BJP supporters in Pakur, Jharkhand, on 17th November 2018, for allegedly speaking out against him. to Hindus.
To say that it is for this reason or for that reason is not easy.
Goldenstar Nonglong, a scientist who will contest from the Congress, is in fact a strong supporter of the HSPDP in Nongstoin constituency in the past years.
With the victory, Kynton-U-Mon have scored three points and expect to improve their performance in the next match.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, one of the retired pastors, passed away this morning.
In the past 24 hours, 34 people have died across the country.
He said that in fact if the District Council is working properly why would the ILP be needed because it is the duty of the District Council to protect the country and the nation.
Tongsoh lived and grew up in the care of her brother, Jumreit.
Meanwhile, although some of the leaders of the Central Body of the HSPDP have shown their solidarity outside, they have said that when the time comes they will not leave their people who have been inside the party for a long time. establish.
The meeting was organized by the National Health Mission, Meghalaya in collaboration with UNDP Meghalaya, UNICEF, WHO, JSI and JHPIEGO. from four states including Meghalaya, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland.
On Monday, 22 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1464 in the state.
We are still looking forward to the future, but for almost three months, the work of this government has stopped and it seems that the work is going on only on the twitter and facebook accounts of a few government officials. and in this way, the most serious threat to the poverty of the State as a whole.
Shillong: Mawkyrwat Police today arrested Rutherford Lyngdoh, 35, for allegedly assaulting an NHIDCL Engineer on his way to Ranikor.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 21: The State Government on Tuesday decided to convene a meeting with various groups and Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the proposal to protect the Wahkdait water well. , Laitkor and the Umkhen River.
In the second half, Khliehtyrshi SC, following the target set by Umshangiar, scored 158 runs in 34.3 overs for the loss of all wickets. V. Sangahiwot Rymbai took 31 runs from 33 balls while Umshangiar took 3 wickets from 7 overs while Kunemi Lato took 3 wickets from 7 overs, Sate Bareh took 2 wickets from 5.3 overs and Heipormi Laloo took 2 wickets from 7 overs.
The North East Students Organization (NESO) has recently demanded that the Assam Rifles should be withdrawn from Shillong along with the ITBP. it is the right place because it is a very important city for it to be in this place.
The farmer also noticed that among the herd there was a stronger one and the cows from the biggest to the smallest obeyed and followed as he led them.
They were identified as Pynskhem Lyngdoh of Mawbyrshem and Bankyntiew Wanniang of Nongkhlaw.
The new office bearers of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya are, President – ​​John F. Kharshiing, Vice President – ​​Bobby Wahlang & Davis NR Marak, General Secretary – Neil Sootinck, Treasurer – Dominic Sutnga, Secretary – Jeffery W. Shooting, Organizing Secretary – Dawooii Suiam, Publicity Secretary – Nickolas J.J Nongkhlaw, Asst.Treasurer – Ashok Singhania, Training Secretary – Kupar Blah.
It should have considered what has happened to the PDIC, PDM, KHNAM and perhaps it will not take long for the HSPDP and PDF to fall into the same trap.
One incident took place on the night of 15th June when supporters of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) allegedly attacked supporters of the National People's Party (NPP) in Phulbari constituency.
We also heard that the members of the Khasi Jaintia Federation National Conference in Shillong have decided to raise money to buy food for the poor.
The donation will also include High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems, bullets, artillery, armored vehicles and other items.
Dur: Congress youths burnt a statue of Modi in front of the BJP office in Tura.
And as we know, the government always trusts those who have been its servants, because they will not do anything against the government.
Why did Abraham have to ask the Lord God? The reason is that God saw that many people had sinned in Sodom and Gomorrah and had offended God. The sins of Sodom were so heavy that God could not refuse to come down from heaven. “I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me” Genesis 18:20-2
Many of the people have expressed their sadness over the lockdown imposed by the government, because our lives are no longer free as it used to be from buying pets, walking, standing, working, farming. There are those who are fighting against the lockdown of the government whether it is private or religious groups. nor church groups.
For two days in Shangpung he visited the place where he used to live, the hills, rivers and surroundings of the village.
Regarding the collapse of the road at Lawmali, Prestone said that he has already directed the Secretary PWD to direct the engineers to think if there is such an incident.
He was arrested through his scooty number ML05L-9706 in which he was carrying his pla khung and recovered the Yaba drugs.
Their duty will be to ensure that the Karbi and Khasi Pnar peoples do not fight.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marconi Thongni urged the Government and the office of the Syiem of Mawïang Hima, who owns the market, to They have decided to repair this road immediately without delay and to throw stones and shyiap on this road just to facilitate the traffic of the people through this road which is about 1 kilometer long.
Then you can drink it with a cup of milk or sugar.
“More than 100 people have been employed and many of them have worked abroad,” he said. and now they are free to work in their own state.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, who said that the State Government has also requested the UGC to set up CUET Exam Centers in all 12 Districts of the State.
Why do our leaders want to ride the train so far,” said Bah Lambok.
He was ordained on 2nd June 1973 at Pariong, Nongstoin Presbytery.
Speaking to Rupang by phone, KP Pangniang said the reason for his resignation is because the government has passed a law ban ban the people's leaders from eating ar maloi and has announced The Act will come into force from the 1st of March tomorrow.
He talked to people.
Speaking as the chief guest at the launch, Andrew Joel Sohlamar, Organizing Secretary of the Bangladesh Indigenous People's Forum (BIPK) and eldest son of Wickliffe Syiem, said, “This book is a book. It consists of four parts, including Religion, Nationalism, Tribe and Patriotism.
The U-18 final will also be played between Shillong Lajong and Rangdajied United tomorrow.
If a Special Session of the Legislative Assembly is convened, all MLAs shall ensure that the Session should not be adjourned until any decision can be taken.
Shillong: Nongkseh SC beat Mawnianglah SC 1-1 with N Kharnaior scoring 70' while N Nongkhlaw SC beat Mawnianglah SC 1-1
The word cannot be called Korbarpud Korbarsam.
“As it has done in Manipur, we request the CM to do the same in Meghalaya to implement the ILP,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The People's Candidate Forum (PCF) has appealed to all political parties especially the political parties from Hynniewtrep Hills not to contest the upcoming MP elections. 2014 but to support Rev PBM Basaiaw Moit.
He added that without All India Radio, our Khasi songs would disappear because in this new era, Khasi singers don't want to sing cassettes or albums as in the past, because it doesn't fit. more consumption and production.
Dr Mukul Sangma's wife Dikkanchi D Shira and his brother Zenith Sangma have been defeated.
The Green Ginger Association said that the group was led by Richard Lyngdoh from Mawbri village and she said that she has sought accurate information and investigation from the people of the area. According to Dlan, on the night of the 25th, there was a clash between these people and the traders. A sying trader from Mawhati has asked them to return the sying she bought from the farmers of the area and to release her vehicle because she does not have the money to pay them. “How do you come from time to time, one day you come in groups, one day you come in another,” said Dlan.
“How can we stop the purchase of cows, the consumption of people?
It is believed that the RBI's sale of gold came after it released Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the government on the recommendation of the Bimal Jain committee.
“Your access to the studio will not be restricted for that reason".4.
UP RMSA School, Laishnong HS School and HK Singh Secondary School have qualified for the semi final of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 08: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the VPP has decided to sit in the Opposition but will not join any other party. The other parties in the Liang Pyrshah will produce but it will be independent but if there are issues that should be supported it will support.
They said that there are up to 8 lakh people who die by suicide every year and one person attempts suicide every 40 seconds.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The Myntdu River today held a meeting to discuss the improvement of the Myntdu River at Iungwalieh, Chilliangraij, Jowai.
Therefore, he explained that the presence of trees can protect, preserve and restore the beauty of the environment that man has destroyed through his activities.
These factories affect the environment and the health of the residents besides polluting the water wells,” said Sambormi and added that all these factories have not complied with the environmental protection laws. of the Ri.
Besides, there will also be ADCs in each district to supervise and all DCs and BDOs have been directed to visit at least twice to different villages and blocks to monitor the implementation of these houses.
The National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) said the bush pipes were also to try to evacuate the workers outside the tunnel from the collapsed area which was blocked from leaving. or enter the tunnel.
Then they laughed and said that the word was too much.
The village authorities also appeal to the residents to stay indoors and keep a distance of 10 meters from each other during this time of curfew or lockdown to prevent and avoid the spread of covid
It is to be recalled that the tournament was organized by the Ri Khasi Social and Cultural Sport Club (RKSCSC) and the two teams that qualified for the tournament were organized by the RKSCSC. Blue Bombers have reached the final after beating Galaxy Pynursla FC and Jaguar FC have reached the final. Ostephi Oiñ FC beat Ostephi Oiñ FC 3-1 in the first leg of the final at Kurkakalang Stadium in Ri Bhoi District.
The Cabinet also decided to set up an Out Post at Athiabari, then upgrade the Out Post to a Police Station at Patharkhmah and Kyrshai in West Khasi Hills District.
For the 40 kilometer stretch to Umit Square, they have already allocated Rs 20 crore for the construction of this road.
The KSU leader agreed with the statement of Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh who said that the state needs a railway line but the ILP and MRSSA must be implemented first. “If the ILP is not implemented, we will not allow the railway line to enter the Bri U Hynniewtrep,” he said.
He said that this road is very important because the residents of the area pass through this road when they need to get medicine from PHC Pamrapaithlu. The road connects to the national highway at Mookhep and along this road there are also various villages and townships that pass through this road.
The investigation into the seizure of the drugs is ongoing.
A police team comprising DSP (HQ), DSP (crime) and other police officers have arrested the two persons in the vehicle and on the basis of the confession of these arrested persons, four more persons have been arrested from Umpleng. , Mokympad and 5 kilos of suspects were involved in smuggling these explosives to the two men who were arrested in a bolero.
The new policy aims to provide education from pre-school to secondary with 100% GER in schools by 2030. NEP 2020 will bring back 2 crore dropouts New curriculum 5+3+3+4 school where there will be 12 years of school education and 3 years of Anganwadi/Pre-school. , vocational school; Vocational Education will be launched from Class 6 and InternshipsTraining will be provided up to Class 5 in indigenous languagesTraining will be provided up to Class 5 in indigenous languagesChanges will be made in the assessment system with 360 degree Holistic Progress Card, monitoring of children's learning higher education by 50% by 2035; 3.5 crore seats in higher education to be createdThere will be no freedom of expression in subjects in higher educationThere will be no access to certificatesAcademic Bank of Credits will be launched The National Research Foundation will have a small but strong regulation, there will be only one regulator with four parts for various activities. The affiliation system will be abolished within 15 years. NEP 2020 encourages the use of technology, National Educational Technology Forum NEP 2020 will be launched to focus on the establishment of Gender Inclusion Fund, Special Education Zones for disadvantaged groups multilingualism in schools and HE; The Cabinet of Ministers led by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today approved the National Institute for Pali, Persian and Prakrit Language and Interpretation. The National Education Policy 2020 paves the way for the introduction of changes relating to schools and universities.
Before the start of the cow slaughter, the Dolloi, Pator, Ynniaw Waheh, Wasan Shnong together with the Waheh Shnongs from different villages of the Elaka, thanked the Creator with a suit and shor and a “Pyrnah” to bless him. May the children of the Elaka be blessed with good health, income and good crops.
“We as the police, besides fighting against crime, we are human beings like others who need the society,” said the SP. The campaign was held in collaboration with the Shillong Reach Ministry led by Pastor Roben.
Media reports said that Phukan's presence in Shillong was reported by Dr Gabriel, who told a reporter from Jorhat that Phukan was in their camp. CRP in Shillong and the question arises whether Rebati Phukan was abducted and taken back to Shillong.
Elias said the people came in the morning in a Bolero camper and there were about 30 people.
He too, without asking for forgiveness or repentance, left the house and ran away.
I have found that even in higher education there are still those who say khyrnit.
Jowai, Lber, 04: The Intensified Pulse Polio campaign for children under the age of 5 years has started today in the District West Jaintia Hills District. The program was opened at MCH Hospital Panaliar, Jowai.
The program was conducted by Bah John Jarain, Vice Principal.
If a leader teaches to do what is right, good and righteous, then the followers will also do what is right.
In the Junior Girls' National Football Championship, Meghalaya was in Group-C against Gujarat, Assam and Chhattisgarh.
“Bah HDR Lyngdoh is the one who has destroyed the villages, there is no peace and order in the villages, in one village there have been up to 10 sordars, the sordars have appeared like tits, it is inside the villages. “I have been an MDC for only one and a half years and I have eliminated the violence in the villages and now they are living in peace,” said Bah Samlin Malngiang while speaking at a public meeting of the HSPDP. today in Sohiong.
He urged the people to refrain from evil deeds and robbery which cause hatred among the people.
He said that since the past few years, the ECC has fought as hard as it can to force the state government and the MSPCB to immediately shut down these factories in the area because they are all operating without following the rules and regulations. When asked whether the ECC will fight to destroy all the 50 coal mining factories, the Legal Adviser of the EEC, Bah Reading War, said: He said that the ECC stands firm to demand from the government to shut down all the coal mining factories in the area because until now these factories have not brought benefits to the area, but they have brought benefits. It affects not only the health of the people but also the environment.
The National Liberation Front (NLFT) and the All Tripura Tiger Force (ATTF) have been banned by the CM for five years.
Nongpoh: The RBYF Western Zone, has expressed its deep sorrow over the malfunctioning of the Jio tower at Patharkhmah, Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, June 01: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari on Tuesday held a meeting with the leaders of various political parties to prepare for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. on the 19th, June.
The funeral ceremony was attended by a procession in the presence of political leaders.
Therefore, it is not permissible to eat or drink too much to eat and drink so that you will not find yourself in trouble or suffering and sorrow later and so that you will die in the mountains and forests like those who have nothing at home. ne that kur that kha.
“It is not necessary to hurry, but it is enough if they go to the NCERT,” said the President of MRDSTA. teachers or experts who may be brought in for the benefit of the state when they publish new textbooks.
To be able to identify Para Kur
They remained empty and later the office was temporarily established by the Shillong Municipality.
The robbers have robbed two shops at 9mile Baridua Ribhoi District by breaking the locks of these shops.
Head of Commerce and Industries, Chennai Abbattoir Private Limited, B Suraash, was also present on the occasion.
Jeremy Shylla scored the first goal in the 31st minute.
He said the party will hold similar meetings in other parts of the state in Nongpoh, Byrnihat, Jowai and Khliehriat to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of unclean marriage.
The National People's Party (NPP) which has been in power in the state for the past three years, has released the list of issues for the upcoming elections. next year.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the outbreak of the disease in the state has caused a shortage of income and affected the budget. government.
Gourab said he had seen in the media that Nalin had complained to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya but if Nalin was ready to come forward to talk, he was ready to accept to meet.
The Minister of Home Affairs said that one of those arrested on suspicion of planting an IED bomb in Khyndailad, one of them is a child under 18 years old from Demthring Madanryting. , while the other is over 18 years old from Nongstoin.
Dr. RM Lathong said that 11 children have recovered and 3 are undergoing treatment.
He was dressed in a maroon sweater.
She immediately denied the claim that her husband had shot himself.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 80 cases, 65 cases in Jashiar, 6 cases in Mawkyrwat and 7 cases in Mawlangwir.
“To strengthen the sport of football in Meghalaya, the MSL will not only focus on men, but will develop from an early age.
In the past five years, when there has been any conflict, you should see that we have never used force or violence but we have chosen the path of peace and dialogue, to find ways and means to “It's a good idea to solve the problems,” said Conrad.
Meanwhile, the UDP, which has 12 MLAs, and the HSPDP, along with two MLAs, who are the chief guests in the 60-member Legislative Assembly, have supported According to media sources, the UDP will take action to select the candidates according to their qualifications. .
At present, 3.25 percent is paid for those who deposit up to T.1 lakh and 3 percent for those who deposit less than T.1 lakh.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, while addressing the opening ceremony of the Rising Sun Festival on the 5th of November at Pung Umiam in Meghalaya.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 80246 out of which 76892 have recovered and 1386 have died.
If it is not used for a long time, it can turn into a source of evil.
The Khasi-Jaintia Hills, like the whole of Assam, is very suitable for cultivation.
Rebel groups such as GNLA, AMEF, ASAK, LAEF, UALA and other groups receive SIM cards and through these groups use them to threaten to kidnap people.
The use of drugs causes many diseases and one of them is HIV. As we know, HIV is a terrible disease that can be spread from one person to another. through various means.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Western Zone has expressed its deep sorrow over the use of pesticides in Wahkhri to kill the fish. Speaking to u SP News Agency, CoRP-Western Zone President L Lapang said, “This incident is due to the stingy counting of the village leaders. to allow the public to shoot kharu even after it has been banned to shoot kharu, throw bombs or use drugs in this river because it destroys the dohum dohwah.
He said that he didn't have any pleasure at home, but he got drugs and went alone to the forest.
In another order, the Grace Hotel, Jail Road has been opened from today, but it must follow the SOP of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
When asked how much damage was caused, he replied that there were many but the belongings were seized except for the cows. “We don't know where to take them, we don't have a place to take them,” said Narayan. All those who live in Nongsder are milk cows.
In the second semi final, PFR Academy lost 3-0 to Umphyrnai SC.
But all these things are the beginning of birth pains.
The Additional District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Ronnie Wahlang, said that Nongrum and Warjri can be arrested if they are found dead under Section 309 of the IPC. We cannot allow them to die because it indicates the intention to kill themselves.
Furthermore, the President of the union, has set an example to explain to these shopkeepers, who are Khasi, that the entry or settlement of foreigners in the land of the Khasi, is dangerous, because first of all They came only 3 or 4 people, but gradually, when they felt longtrai, they led them to settle down or even to marry Khasi women. He gave the example of other areas, which have been destroyed by foreigners, such as Jhalupara, Mawlong Market, Dawki and Ladrymbai, which have been destroyed by foreigners.
The party also confirmed its office bearers for three years and the soskular was led by HH Mohrmen.
All members of the Alumni Association are invited to attend the AGM. This is according to a statement by Kong Minimon Laloo, General Secretary.
There was a geographer who wrote that in geography there is only the north, the east, the east and the west or the North, East, South and West and their shooting ranges have only the North East. , North West, South East and South West or in Khasi the North East, North West, North East or North West and there is no Eastern West or North East or North West .
She said that the Committee will send this recommendation to the State Government and it is up to the Government to approve it.
“This man has been missing since 26th June but a complaint was lodged with the police on 3rd October,” said the DIG. Bah Omeka was last with two friends who were suspected of drinking alcohol.
In the women's under 17 category, Saiden Secondary School (Ri-Bhoi District) won the first prize and Iewrynghep Secondary School (EKH) won the second prize.
At this meeting, the leaders of the Mawlai Twon Dorbar expressed their surprise at the increase in the electricity bill by three or four percent.
The team was coached by Daisy Marwein.
The purpose of the training was to spread the importance of cleanliness in accordance with the Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya's goal of making India a clean country this year. 150 years old Father of the Country.
Show the character of Rangbah in your work, in your working and management and don't be just Rangbah during the election.
There are some parts of Sikkim which also fall under these rules.
He said that the order was issued because the road has become very difficult to walk and stand and its safety is uncertain.
Bah Nongsiej said the purpose of this program is to encourage the farmers and entrepreneurs in the district.
Referring to the connectivity in the region, Conrad stressed on the Act East Policy of the Government of India and said that the region is rich in oil, natural gas, coal, oil and land. rep is not good.
He understands the suffering of others and is quick to give up his work for them.
Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh Tamang on Tuesday said that his government will give up to 12 months leave to women during childbirth and 10 months. for those men in the early stages of having a baby.
It was witnessed that the residents of Lumparing and surrounding villages stood along the road of Lumparing to welcome the body of Bah Tiklu Jyrwa.
Ronnie V. Lyngdoh said that the existing laws such as the Land Transfer Act, the Labor Act and others are the barriers to the entry of other ethnic groups into Meghalaya.
Akrisha has lodged a complaint against the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Kedresing Kharpan, Minister of Mylliem Hima, Hira Mylliem, Depend Mohan Roy Mylliem, against the office of Mylliem Hima. She was involved in the conspiracy to steal and sell her land using the document of Hira Mylliempdah dated 10-10-1
Phto: Food and Drug Testing Laboratories.
At the same time, the Seng urges the government to revise the stipend of those who go abroad to study, as the government has placed it in three categories, Tier I, Tier 2 and Tier depending on the cities and areas they study.
“This will facilitate the movement of tourists who want to visit the Umngot River,” he said.
The purpose of the meeting was to meet with the MeECL authorities in Nongpoh Sub Division to find out why the MeECL department has not been able to provide proper electricity to the villages. Raid Myrdon, but the attempt to discuss the issue failed as the leaders did not have the opportunity to meet with the MeECL authorities in Nongpoh.
This is the second time that Leningstar, leader of the JSM, has been elected as the Waheh Shnong of Pamrapaithlu.
He said that as it is the year of elections, it has been seen that even the People Democratic Front (PDF) led by Bah Pynshngain has been busy preparing for the elections.
The Land Port Dawki is a hub of trade and traffic between India and Bangladesh which facilitates the transportation of goods and traffic of people, vehicles from one side to the other side of the border. kine that country.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor N War, said that the complaint has not yet been lodged against the six persons who have been accused of leaving the country. take part in the marriage feast is because it is not clear.
Three years later, young Ethan began to suffer from a chronic illness.
Don't move because it is our right,” said Bah Egenstar.
He was sentenced to imprisonment with guards in a highly guarded facility in Colorado.
In the second session, there was an information session and the experts who came to give explanations were Prof S.Dkhar who explained on 'The snaps of Khasi culture as reflected in the poems of Poet Soso Tham' Dr.K Phawa on the topic 'The poet Soso Tham as a leader of the nation' and Prof OR Shallam.
The District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 includes 100 Meters, 4×11 Meters, 400 Meters, 600 Meters, 1500 Meters, 2000 Meters, High Jump and Long Jump. , Discus throw, Javelin throw and shot put.
The public has the right to see how much soling, mawria and mawphret stone and how much road color is used.
We would have been the luckiest because we have the 6th Schedule and the ILP, but now we have only the 6th Schedule without the ILP.
Now that we have met our brothers who have been expelled, let us go together.
This is the report of the Finance Accounts and Appropriation Accounts for the year 2017-18, which was submitted to the State Legislative Assembly on 14th October
President Rgh Pranshon Jala, President Rgh Pranshon Jala, took the oath of a righteous covenant before the Lord, so that the covenant between man and man will remain strong. God.
The price of petrol has increased from 16 tyngka to 17 tyngka per gallon and now to Rs 19.45 per gallon. shop in very bad apots.
When I write about this, or about the danger of the influx of Mynder into our State, some may think of me as a racist.
Taking the summary of the preaching of the Word of God, which was distributed by these two Pastor Rangbah, they stressed on the spread of crime in Ri Khasi, which has increased with the increase of days and which has affected the community and many families.
Clashes and bloodshed in Manipur have followed the demand of the Meitei people for Scheduled Tribe (ST) status.
JOWAI: Although the budget of the state government has been affected by the ban on coal mining and transportation, billions of rupees of revenue that should have been received have escaped from its budget due to the issuance of illegal challans. as underground.
Israel has denied responsibility for the attack on the hospital and US President Joe Biden has expressed his deep sorrow over the attack on Al Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza.
Compared to previous years, the number of malaria cases in West Khasi Hills has decreased by 92%.
The robbers who kill people in order to get the blood of the thlen no longer drink the 'iad only for the year they are in the thlen but they drink the 'iad only for religion or politics so that they dare to steal, to lie to deceive and even to kill.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, said that the implementation of the scheme has been too much, it has also laid the foundation for happiness through the schemes for the benefit of the families of streetside vendors.
In South Garo Hills, a youth named Clitzer Marak has drowned at the Aginma River.
Jaden Pariat, 16, a race driver from our state, who is also with Argenti Motorsport, has shown his skills by racing. He won the podium in the first round of the ROKiT British F4 Championship held at Donington Park, United Kingdom.
Shillong, July 19 : This is the first interview between Home Minister Amit Shah today.
In East Khasi Hills, 45 cases including 8 cases from Armed Forces and 37 cases from civilians, 5 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in West Garo Hills and 10 cases in North Garo Hills. There are 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in West Jaintia Hills.
We have seen these changes in the country in 2004 when the people removed the BJP from power and in 2014 when the voters defeated the Congress and Time will tell and the people will give their answer.
He said that police are conducting investigation into the incident to find out the truth.
The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has informed the residents who have Aadhaar cards but no longer use their mobile numbers according to their Aadhaar cards to renew their mobile numbers. which are being implemented to obtain OTP to verify Aadhaars to link to government schemes.
This can lead to harm not only to their families but to the society as a whole and especially to themselves.
Speaking at a meeting with the North East Domestic Workers Movement (NDWM), Dr Mawthoh said that such incidents are increasing these days and at least 10,000 people have been affected. click on payment.
Dr HH Mohrmen from SURE who has been involved with the JMB in finding ways and means to solve the problem faced by Jowai village in relation to the floods, said that the JMB in collaboration with the organizations SURE and Young Minds Collective have also asked Bangalore-based companies Saahas Zero Waste to help in solving this problem.
Members of the Reang community found the body of Joiba from the forest at Harharikhal on Thursday evening and immediately informed the police. The area has seen the body on that day.
papa papa...... what's the difference between papa's cleanliness and his skei's shrieh?? Let us also appreciate not only the overseas environment which you used to study in schools and colleges but also to know, love, respect and respect our own.
In the 2nd Division, the teams that reached the semi-finals are Thangshalai SC, Mawiong SC, Mawyndep SC and Thad Nongtyrkhang SC. at 12 o'clock in the morning.
Speaking to media, Hek said that the ban on the allocation of funds through the Special Assistant Grant from the Central Government will affect the District Councils as a whole and this could cause problems to the District Council. The people should come together to prevent the misuse of funds from the Central Government.
Most of these villages are inhabited by people from the Maram area.
Shillong: Five persons have recovered from the corona virus in Meghalaya and are still active. ' there are 25 of them.
Therefore, the FBI believes that the outbreak of Covid-19 was caused by the escape from the research center in the Chinese city, as known and suspected in the past.
The meeting of the MPCC chaired by Bah DD Lapang took this decision on Friday.
Conrad said that the state is in great danger if once again the youth who do not want to live in the forest return to the forest in anger because of the government's betrayal.
He said that during the two days of the inspection, thousands of foreigners who wanted to enter the state have been turned away.
Chris, as part of his treatment for the illness, decided to retire temporarily from his job.
The signboard was raised after the incident of refugees from Ukraine to Poland in the past few days; Poland has launched a 144-mile signboard in parts of Kaliningrad, on the border with Russia, on the Baltic Sea coast.
He said that the inspection of these places started in 1955-56 in Meghalaya.
Five minutes later, Lajong scored the fourth goal through the Kiang Nangbah Award winner, Phrangki Buam.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister, Evansroy Nongrem, Education Secretary KSU SWKH, said that the Minister has promised that these schools will be repaired after the government has decided to Other schools have also been allocated funds.
Speaking at a short meeting, Bah Sohliya said that although women have been equal to men, many times women and girls are still discriminated against in many areas, especially in the field of education. He urged everyone to ensure that this empowerment of women will be truly effective in the society.
When asked about the cost of construction of the IPHLs, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said, “I don't have an exact figure but it could reach T.1.25 crore for the construction of the Pasteur Institute. I need to examine to determine the cost".
I'm going to see you,” said the son.
On Dr Mukul's accusation that Nalin Kohli is a spectator, Shibun said he can be a player himself in any field of politics but the work of his government has made it clear that the long jiro in the state.
Expressing the same view, HM Marbaniang General Secretary MSSASA Central Body said that this action of NIOS has affected the 4385 teachers who have been funded by the State Government to send for training at MSSASA Central Body. you can teach through the D.El.
Meanwhile, the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has demanded that an inquiry should be conducted and the case should be handed over to the CBI so that the truth can be revealed.
The letter also included a copy of a letter from Rev. Edwin H Kharkongor, Secretary, Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) expressing his strong opposition to this proposal.
He praised Captain Clifford K Nongrum who gave his life in the Karkil Battle and described him as a great man of the country.
The NHS England has counted 828 deaths in hospitals.
The Deputy Commissioner, Bah BS Sohliya IAS in his speech blessed and wished all the players before they leave the district.
However, there was talk that all the candidates tried to use the power of money to buy the votes of the people.
Shillong, Iaiong 21 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the ownership of land will remain in force and the land owners and the governments of Meghalaya and Assam have no authority to interfere in this matter. The ownership of the land does not mean that if the land falls to Assam it will belong to the Assam Government and if it falls to Meghalaya it will belong to the Meghalaya Government. whore.
He said that the failure of the RR Colony to fall under the Rynjah Dorbar Shnong is due to the stinginess and inaction of the leaders and the District Council.
But this will happen during the time of the last seven years or the last day.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng on the 8th of this month has decided to ban any person from visiting the cemetery in Mawryngkneng.
“Everyone is preparing for the 2018 elections,” he said.
Months passed, years passed.
Shillong: The meeting was attended by MLAs Lahkmen Rymbui, Coming One Ymbon, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Kyrmen Shylla, Wailadmiki Shylla, Nujorki Sungoh and Shitlang Pale.
Jowai, March 01: The (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has now reached 10 rounds to decide the winner of the tournament. Salaroh FC won the second semi final match of the tournament on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Initially, the deadline for completion of the implementation of SAUBHAGYA was November 2018, but has been extended to November 2020 by the Government of India due to the delay by MePDCL in handing over the projects.
Therefore, the Sengkhihlang wishes all the best to his family and children.
The safety of the land, the speed of travel and the brightness of the sky.
“We have suspended the office blockade after some people misled the people and we need to clarify to the people on this,” said Bah Ardent.
Marbaniang said the VPP from the beginning has not been able to discuss the Roster System as it is still based on the previous Reservation Policy.
These two markets are where traders can buy and sell.
Samla Riang said that the delay of the Government in releasing the scholarship has encouraged the students who come from poor and low income families, especially the students. who came from the countryside.
“The NSCN is now watching closely how the Prime Minister of India will take forward the agreement with the NSCN and the Nagas, as he is the one who has not owned and is proud of the agreement. Nagalim's editorial said.
The Best Discipline School was awarded to the Presbyterian High School, Mawlangwir.
It may be recalled that a few days ago the High Court had heard the case of Armaloi and in the hearing it had ordered the Principal Secretary of the Governor to appear in person but the Principal u he was sent a letter saying that he could not appear in court without authorization from the Governor.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader and Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the party is not a member of the NEDA. “I don't have any faith in the NEDA. The NEDA hasn't met for a long time, I don't know whether it still exists or not,” said Bah Paul.
“The Medical Skill Hunar Hub for 2500 students will include a student accommodation, a Pharmaceutical College, a Paramedical College and a Skill Development Centre,” he added.
More than 800 people have been arrested in the second phase of the operation to combat child marriage in Assam.
Azzad's absence has raised doubts in the UN and has led it to suspect that the Azzad government is hiding something in connection with the incident.
Japanese intelligence officials have admitted that they have found up to 10 objects that may have fallen from the plane, and the objects are located at a distance of about 2,500 kilometers (1,560 kilometers). miles) southwest of Perth.
Here we are not talking about the soul but about the Spirit who is from God and is God Himself.
These 10 persons include Krimson Kharsati, Deborah Japan, Rinalyne Sari, B Kharsohnoh, Keston Nongpluh, H Myrboh, Trek Lyngdoh, HV Lawna and KH Roy Dkhar. ,and Mr. Marbeit Priest.
Associate Director is Govinda Mangaang, Producer is Maurice Chirom (Astra), Production Manager is Naocha, Asst Editor & Vfx, MP Wai, Editor is This song is produced by Team H360 PICTURES. This song is produced by Hemanta Khuman and the team congratulates Suraj Sharma Laimayum.
The state government has shown that it needs T.316 crore for the construction of shelters for these CRPF personnel and T.58 crore per annum for the use of vehicles to transport the CRPF personnel. these police.
The HYC has written to the DC that this is not the first time that this incident has happened but almost every year when it rains heavily there is a landslide from this place which can cause This is a big danger to the passengers as it is also a parking lot for commercial vehicles and also has a pedestrian path.
Explaining about the number of such non-functioning public toilets, the RBSU leader said that the RBSU has found that there are many such public toilets in Umroi, Lad. Umroi, Jirang and Umsning areas have not been opened for many months.
Police have seized 18 mobile phones from the homes of these five persons and from the homes of five others who escaped. ', 136 SIM cards, one fingerprint scanner, one high-tech CPU and other documents including birth certificates, passbooks and several passport photographs .
There are four points that show how evil brings good into a person's life: (1) It allows a person to show that humanity or that selfishness.
Shillong: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, regarding the seizure of 100,000 byrni of rice by the Assam Police. you are in Assam.
The m-tablet scheme was implemented by the MUA government led by Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma last year and has been going on for two years now.
Furthermore, if we count the total development works brought by Bah Sosthenes Sothun in Jirang Constituency in just three years, it has reached less than T.600 crore and in Ri Bhoi District he is one of the leaders. The MLA who has brought many development projects in the constituencies while Western Ri Bhoi which has brought many development projects lacks the support of the people as shown through the votes of the people and the victory of the people. Bah Sosthenes Sohtun has won the election with the support of the people from GS Road from Byrnihat to Khanapara.
The second option is for the Cabinet of the MDA 2.0 government to decide when to implement this section so that it will not be a barrier for anyone in the search for jobs. loud.
A group of journalists, after receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the power outage which has been going on for more than half a year, said that in order to get an explanation from the MePDCL office, the MePDCL office, The reporters have met with Bah M.Khonglah, EE, Ri Bhoi Distribution, Nongpoh Division, to find out the reason for the failure to replace the transformer.
“How can we accept the invitation of the UDP to cooperate when they and the HSPDP have already announced their candidates,” he said. cooperate.
St. Anthony Higher Secondary School and the Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association in collaboration with the Speed ​​Skating Federation of India have organized the first Speed ​​Skating Competition in the state. St. Anthony's School, Shillong.
Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah of the UDP received 3,081 votes while Samlin Malngiang of the NPP received 2,060 votes.
For more information, please call +91 70858 99519 of the group “Asporea” who will explain more about the rules.
The EC and the Dolloi share 60-40 the revenue from these gates.
Water fish, river fish, can be said to be widespread in many of the rivers and streams of the state, where their presence attracts many rawon, which are able to catch and they went down to the river, and sat down to eat all day long.
SP (City) Bah Vivek Syiem said there is a suspicion and for this reason an investigation is underway, and there is also an investigation by the Fire Brigade.
Parasaran admitted that historical books say that there was a temple at the site and said there were inscriptions showing that Ayodhya was the birthplace of Ram. as in the Valmiki Ramayana.
GR Infra Projects LTD is a company that builds the National Highway 6 and owns a crusher plant in Mynkre, East Jaintia Hills District.
“I am confident that the police department will no longer investigate independently.
Banjoplang is not only good at studying, but also at sports especially football and takes part in competitions held in schools, colleges and universities.
Through the meeting, the HYC leaders also expressed their concern over the delay in the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam, where the border has not been settled yet.
“Let the people of the state think carefully and watch this because many churches have the intention that the HNLC will come to the table of peace talks and resolve their demands with the Indian government,” he said. said.
At the same time, she informed that the government has decided that all the Sub-Centres will be handed over to the Village Authorities.
Nongbri said that according to the records, the land belongs to Meghalaya but it will be verified during the inspection tomorrow.
They said that the SP of the district has said that the investigation is ongoing.
The Seiñraij Jwai and the Kiang Nangbah Iasiat Khnam Memorial Society have organized a program to commemorate the Khla Wait of the country on this day. What has the Meghalaya government done about this son of Ri Khad-Ar Dolloi? Before I conclude, I would like to say that:- Woh Kiang Nangbah Khla Wait ka Ri, Ha wakat ïeiñ a chapter.
This is according to a statement sent by Rev. WP Marbaniang, Moderator of the KJP Western Synod.
Furthermore, this has not stopped there and has reached the ears of the legislators of India and until he has taken this issue to the Rajya Sabha in these days and especially to come down. until the village of Kongthong in the past few days.
Shillong: The Delimitation Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon submit its report.
Manish Sangam (51 off 66 balls) and Krishna Chettri (30 off 29 balls) top scored.
Ajakshera Momin said, “I would like to thank the state government for the promptness in providing aircraft, vehicles to them from the arrival to the food and drink on the road without any interruption.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that all the people or other organizations in Nongstoin think that the Congress is no longer there but now it has become clear that the Congress is no longer there. The work that has been done without any effort has been completed today.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that Byrnihat area is the most fortunate to have received this scheme to provide a ground and especially to promote sports in the district which is a benefit. Thank you very much to the youth of the area through the hard work of the MLA to implement this scheme.
We must also understand that there should be libraries, information cells and even museums, so that those who seek information and research have the opportunity to understand, know and disseminate.
Bah Tynsong said the government cannot delay in implementing this proposal to amend the provisions of the Act as the destruction of the environment and forests in the state is terrible.
Earlier, the celebration of the Day against Drug Abuse and Trafficking started with a rally of school children which started from the ground floor of the office of the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block. The meeting was held at the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
With this victory, Khliehriat Veteran Club will prepare for the quarter final against Umsawkhwan Ri Bhoi on the 8th of this month.
The availability of this portal is expected to enable tracking and transparency.
But the story of the cross on Calvary is not just for a person's personal life.
Kharkrang denied that there were others inside the house to kill Jana when the incident occurred.
The 4-Lane road in Ri Bhoi District is one of the roads in the state with the highest number of vehicles, both from near and far. Because this road also connects to other neighboring states of Meghalaya, looking back at this 4-lane road in Sor Nongpoh, we have seen the unrest of the residents and school children when they work from Meghalaya. The most difficult thing is for the Traffic Police, who have to stand in the middle of the road to steer the vehicles.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister congratulated the teachers and students on the 19th Anniversary of the college. The father of (L) PA Sangma Speaker of the Lok Sabha, he was the one who took the initiative to bring this college to Tura.
The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on November 7, 2013, inspected the Pump Storage Program at Puralia (PPSP), West Bengal. opened in 2007.
Granarysterfield Thangkhiew said the government through the Chief Secretary has sent people to meet them to offer government jobs and money.
Along with music and dancing, youth, elderly and children also took part in the Behdienkhlam march which was held in Shillong today.
The Dorbar Shnong has also informed that this request was taken from the public meeting held on 19th June,
He is also one of the pioneers of the rongbiria archery competition which is organized by the Apphira Archery Committee.
Jowai, Nailar 21: The Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij in collaboration with the National Health Mission (NIH) has organized an awareness cum voluntary on the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of the country. Blood Donation Camp at Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Bank, Jowai.
He said that after considering the report, the EC has decided to re-appoint Freeman Syiem as the Syiem of Sohra today, who was suspended in April
Trees can absorb all the pollutants, you can't see them but they stay in the trees and when there is a widespread felling of trees, you are not only destroying the environment or disrupting the orderly flow of pollutants to the trees but you and release the unclean spirits that have gathered in the trees.
On the closing day of the ceremony, besides the Pastien dance at Ïaw kyntang and at Wamon's house, the Kopati Puja Cultural Committee also held a meeting at Chrah Umphula Square, Raliang where the children of Niamtre from San Raij-San. The priests came to take part in the ceremony in their beautiful dress.
“There are many teachers from among the Khasi-Jaintia who have completed their qualifications as required by NEHU for the post of Professor and Assistant Professor. The HYC has warned that if the NEHU authorities ignore this demand, it will be a mistake,” said the HYC to the VC of NEHU. were quick to organize campaigns.
A man who believes in the happiness and fulfilling life of all people.
In the five constituencies, including 8-Mawhati, 9-Nongpoh, 10-Jirang, 11-Umsning and 12-Umroi, there were 297 polling stations. Ri Bhoi has reached 68.84%, 64.90% for males and 72.81% for females.
The distribution of disinfectants was attended by Waheh Shnongs from all over the constituency which amounted to 42 villages and these items amounted to 97 villages and were distributed according to the size of the village.
Police have registered a case against these illegal coal trucks.
Amity University, Manipal Tata Medical College and Manipal Tata Medical College are some of the 35 other universities that have come to participate in the Edufest. U.K., Australia, Germany and others.
One MP had 700 votes in the presidential election and 538 MPs supported Murmu, although some did not vote.
“The voice of the parents in the area is full of despair for the future of their children, when they see that even to enter teacher training schools they cannot, so how can they apply for jobs? Teachers in the villages too.
Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and Urban Development Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar in Nongstoin and Jowai.
Surjewala strongly criticized the government for the depreciation of the Indian rupee against the dollar and alleged that it was the government that caused the depreciation of the Indian rupee.
“About 100 people have arrived in the State and while we are talking, about 40-50 people will arrive today.
The arrest of these leaders will help the police to learn more about the activities of the rebel group.
Cherish also acknowledged that other HNLC leaders, including Bobby Marwein and others, have agreed to return and said he has advised them to remove the HNLC leaders. this organization.
Shillong, July 10: The BJP has celebrated the two years of the central government across different districts of the state.
Speaking at the meeting, the Rajya Sabha MP who is also the State President of the NPP said that all the citizens of the state are happy with the passing of the resolution. The ILP, the government's decision to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule and the progress in resolving the border issue.
The Sad House, therefore, is a symbol of unity and harmony in the Kingdom.
Sangma, Havildar, Benjamin L. Hmar, UB Constable and Amarjeet Kr.
Allowing only one family to hold the Dynasty Policy will endanger and harm the Constituency and the State as a whole.
The settlement should be peaceful, loving, reciprocal and fair, without violating our rights,” Gurjit said.
Phintella is smaller in body and has a brighter color and a bronze colour.
Students and teachers are required to wear masks and stay at a distance of seven feet from each other.
Margaret was the only woman from Meghalaya and India to take part in the tournament which was held abroad as part of the Indian Armwrestling Federation team. serve in India.
 Santa comes only once a year.
Awhai Andrew Shullai MDC Jowai Central was also present as the chief guest who distributed the awards. Finance Secretary and others.
On this occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh visited the MFA Ground, Third Ground at Polo where the men's and women's football tournament will be held, the tennis court, the basketball court. weightlifting bad wrestling.
“I am still an independent MLA, I will see what should be done,” said Bah Bamon.
On the rule of law, it has been strengthened during this year with the aim of becoming closer to the people.
In connection with the seizure, one person has been arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
The heat is destroying, and the cold is destroying life.
Schools, hospitals and others are called developments because they benefit the people.
Along the way Hep told his father what had happened.
2024 calendars, brochures and other publications providing information on schemes for the welfare and development of the people in the area were also distributed.
After two consecutive wins, Lajong will return home to prepare for their home match on November 23, where Shillong Lajong will have to face Namdhari FC at the SSA Stadium.
Murgadoss's announcement of the second part of Ghajini came after he heard that many viewers were interested in watching Pan-India films.
Shillong, July 14: The KSU Mawlai Circle has expressed its gratitude to the government for inviting 13 organizations to talk tomorrow.
When the Babylonians saw this, they said to the Israelites, “Sing us your songs of Zion.” The Israelites answered. Psalm 137:1-4.
The new cases include EGH: 27, EJH: 07, EKH: 144, NGH: 20, RBD: 39, SGH: 06, SWGH: 05, SWKH: 13, WGH: 54, WJH: and WKH: 18.
Before the outbreak of covid-19, I had more than 40 large cows, not counting the small ones.
This shows that the company intends to deprive these people of their share.
The church in Daram is one of the oldest Catholic churches in Garo Hills where the enemies have destroyed the statues of Jesus, Mary. and the spirit of Joseph.
Also present at the ceremony were Phrangki Papang, Finance Secretary, Soowatki Law, Assistant Environment Secretary, Platini Mukhim, Sports Secretary and Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary.
He directed them to find 100 blocks in the country which are lagging behind in the works related to their branches and to develop these areas.
At present, the state has 6,000 ASHAs and about 300 supervisors working under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).
This was announced by Bah Paul after a meeting between the Social Welfare Department and the Education Department, in the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma, officers and others.
We have lost many things in the sudden lockdown in our country and in the state.
"We have decided to continue the call for office closure on Friday," said HSPDP Vice President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
The player fee is T.100 per team and the entry fee is T.4500 per team.
Russia has also announced that it has retaliated and fired again at Ukraine after accusing Ukraine of firing and damaging a bridge used by Russia for trade.
PS Dkhar has set a deadline for completion of his report within 10 days.
At the time of writing, no details have been received, but some said that the incident occurred after the shooting of customs workers of Tamabil by Bangladesh troops.
In a statement, the department said that this is a long-standing initiative, as there are people who take advantage of the name of the state owners and do not pay taxes. by the owners of the house, to avoid paying taxes.
“The JSM has said that the introduction of the People College scheme instead of the Government College has prevented the educated youth from getting jobs as lecturers as well as the students in the new Government Colleges.
Besides, this health center does not have enough water to use in this health center which is important for any health center to have clean water.
Stephan Lyngdoh Nongbsap Adviser UDP who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngka said that it was the HSPDP that MUDA came to Upper Shillong. Secretariat to oppose MUDA but when they reached the Secretariat they were deceived by Mukul, I don't know if they got money, the MDC said they are against MUDA but we know they support MUDA,” said Stephan.
The other three reserves are Lee Yong Lepcha (Sikkim CA), Nabam Abo (Arunachal Pradesh CA) and Dika Ralte (Mizoram CA).
Replying to a question from Rupang by email on the reason why he went to support Ma Vincent Pala, the Pastor wrote, “I have always said that I have not decided, even though I have been asked to support Ma Vincent Pala. start to file nominations.
“When taking a decision, I want to put the interest of the country and the people first and my own interest behind it. “It's a good idea to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall today,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
“Until now, the new dry process, which should have produced 600 tonnes of dewbilat per day, has been able to produce only 200 tonnes per day and this has increased the cost,” said the MCCL employees. The government should appoint qualified engineers according to the new technology.
Nongpoh, June 05: The Dorbar Shnong Mawtnum, Ri Bhoi District, has expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation over the presence of some selfish people from Mawtnum Village who have dared to leave. deceive the people by disguising themselves as Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong.
If we have strengthened ourselves, the foreign powers will have to respect us and without hesitation, they will have to give us their right hand and left hand to strengthen us more and more in this country.
“We have received a letter of complaint from 26 Ministers of Mylliem Hima yesterday.
Speaking to media, CoMSO leader Robert June Kharjahrin said that the choice of this day to strike is part of the expression of gratitude to the women and men leaders who have fought hard. to establish their own state.
On the other hand, Bah Madal Sumer, from Jowai, has lodged a complaint in the High Court of Meghalaya against the appointment of Parliamentary Secretary in Meghalaya. , in relation to the appointment of Parliamentary Secretary.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said that the party has not yet discussed anything on the MP elections as it is too early as the MLA elections have just ended. The UDP candidate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh in Sohiong constituency is now preparing to win the election.
On the same day, SURE also conducted training on child marriage with the support of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
Therefore, it is necessary for the Youth Organizations with many youths who are the Syiem's ​​Spokesmen/AMBASSADOR to fight against and stop this Kruin which comes to destroy the youth and the elderly in the village. thaw.
Regarding the BJP, the UDP is not a blind party like the Congress and the UDP will never cooperate with any party if its programs are to attack ( impose) on the customs, beliefs, language, food and drink and other rights protected by the Constitution of India, said Bindo.
In the afternoon, the Dolloi of Jowai, Puramon Kynjing, Pator, Waheh Wasian, Office bearers of the Seiñraij Jowai, President Hercules Toi, General Secretary Arwotki Sumer, who attended the ceremony. Pator's house and others.
Noting that this allegation has affected the State, Dr. Lyngdoh expressed his condolences to his students (students) and those who work abroad.
It is for this reason that Meghalaya has been lagging behind over the years.
Other speakers included Bah Tuesday Lytep President FKJGP-JHDU, Bah DD Khar General Secretary HANM Sengkmie, Bah Suchiang Asst.General Secretary HNYF-EJZ, Bah Marshall Biam President HNPF-EJH, Bah Leo Siangshai said that it is surprising how the government has neglected the NH 44, when this road is the budlum of Meghalaya and also the thied. The blood of the people not only of Meghalaya but also of other states of Northeast India like Assam, Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram and others.
“I have never seen the police go to the BJP office to attack or harass anyone or arrest anyone, such a thing has not happened and all these are just allegations to mislead the people. “They are allegations which have no basis,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The farmers brought jhur, jhep, flowers, skud, soh, pai, shyrmit and sying.
The Regional Officer of ICCR Shillong, Bah N Munish Singh said, “It will be a moment to remember the singers and musicians from the North East of India to have such an opportunity to sing and put the tem in the rynsan of the whole world'
He said that on November 13, 2016, the people should come out to protest against these evil deeds of the government and the MLA of Nongkrem. to him, it means that they have accepted all these difficulties to come before them.
The Prime Minister said the Central Government understands the feelings of the people of the North East on the CAB which has failed for the first time and for this reason, it has wanted to consult well not to do so. more than you did before.
The Governor urged the people to look after themselves and spread the message of peace.
He said that if this place is opened, it will benefit not only Tei, but also others and the community.
He said that there was another small earthquake in 1898, but the death toll was not very high.
Uranium is good and has a strong impact on human health due to its strong radiation.
Moosianglamare New and Wahsanphaw SSC won the third division match of the 2013 FIFA World Cup at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
In fact, there are 233 petrol pumps including in urban and rural areas to be opened in Meghalaya.
All the necessary procedures and post-mortem will be completed today.
After the meeting with Dr KD Ramsiej, Principal of Shillong College, KHNAM-YC President Thomas Passah said that any measure has its advantages and disadvantages. He added that this initiative of the college authorities can bring benefits.
Everyone wants government jobs and this person has taken advantage of this desire of the youth of the state.
He said the government should work hard on this incident as it is sad to know that the people living in West Khasi Hills are being tortured and living in the hands of armed groups.
However, the sad thing is that although the area is rich in tourist attractions, the number of tourists to this hill is very low and the reason is probably due to the lack of roads and roads to lead to the hill. The road is also the road leading to the Wahkaji Domiasiat and Mawthabah uranium deposits.
It is also prohibited to carry trees or shrubs with or without flags, fireworks, processions or public gatherings within 10 kilometers of the polling station.
Up to T.1 lakh in case of accident and T.30,000 as life insurance for those who opened accounts before 26th July, 2015 can be benefited from this scheme.
The expression of the employees' experience of this promotional run has encouraged many.
This means that our state has something to attract tourists and it also means that we have something to offer for others and not just ourselves.
It is to be recalled that these four MLAs are part of the same group which has left the Congress party under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma and has joined the AITC. The Association (MEPA) expresses its shock and dissatisfaction with the troll spread on social media by unknown persons who intend to spread false news against a senior member of MEPA, Mrs. Patricia Mukhim.
Special training was also given on natural disasters and how to deal with them, besides the care of the past and the rules of driving and others such as staying in the forest along with search and seizure techniques, and how to fight against those who fight in battle.
On the other hand, Mondal alleged that Lakhindar Prasad was involved in demanding money from Shruti Sangma (technical employee of NF Railway) when she went to take leave from him.
The training started from 11th November 2023 to 10th March 2023. The training was concluded with the distribution of certificates to the trainees who completed the training in the presence of the State Controller of Assessment. and Certification Shri Chaitan Kumar (SCR).
Plan: means pyrshot, plan- pyrshot is to think in advance for the work to be done later; saiñ is not a phrang; work is the act of making as intended to sule in oneself personally, socially and humanity.
Regarding the Navodaya School, Bah Borbanjop said that the ADM has informed the union that the land for this purpose has already been acquired. I am pleased that through the hard work and efforts of the District Administration, we have been able to bring about an understanding between the two villages.
All Banks have been directed to conduct Special FLC/Camps to receive KCC Applications of Farmers and will include all under the Social Security Schemes (PMSBY, PMJJBYAPY).
The SACYM has invited Lyngdoh Sad Dominic Jala to be the Chief Guest.
Meghalaya is the State with the highest salary for farmers.
He said the area of ​​the land required is about 7000 sq feet and about 4000 sq feet belongs to the Trust.
The MLA of Umroi also failed to win his MDC candidate.
It is said that before the Raid Shabong, the ancestors had appointed three branches, or three kyntoit, to look after the land, the religion, the customs, as well as the khadar rule. or the kni administration and these are the Umru branch, the Umsong branch and the Pdengraid branch.
We cannot end the struggle because the people of Garo Hills support and turn to us to continue the struggle for the long standing issue.
On the other hand, the union also congratulates Bah E Mawkdoh Range Officer Nongpoh (T) of the Forest Department for taking the initiative to seize the illegal timber trucks and to ensure that there are still many vehicles carrying illegal timber. The union has decided to continue to monitor and take necessary action against the illegal timber smugglers from Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills. FKJGP and KSU have protested against the proposed uranium mining by UCIL in Mawthabah in South West Khasi Hills. .
Turning to the production of food items, it can be seen that our State is not yet self-sufficient and this goal will be farther away due to the following factors:-1
Speaking to reporters, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, with his heartfelt condolences to the people present, said, “If we go according to the rules of procedure of the Congress Party, I will get the ticket in Jirang Constituency. I hope we will be able to bring a glorious victory in this 2018 election"
It was also explained that drug users get serious diseases, especially those who use to inject thyrnia into the blood vessels.
The question now is whether the MoU and the Agreement were signed without the consent of these parties in the Government or whether these parties will reject after finding out that the MoU is incorrect or wrong. Do you do anything to deceive the people? The Seng said more and more.
He urged the school children and all the youth to avoid drugs, as any youth who has become addicted to this kind of drink is viewed unfairly and excluded from the society.
“I challenge the KHADC.” “I challenge all the Khasi men.
Shillong: The KHNAM Youth Wing (KHNAM) on Tuesday inspected the recruitment process at the North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH). those who have been selected and those who have not yet been appointed, in the department, which was announced in
In the first leg of the tournament, Rymbai Ïawpynsing beat Molamanoh 2-1
It is to be recalled that on Saturday night at 11 pm, a truck number WB 23-D-7772, which came to carry Sying from Bhoirymbong, was stopped. A Maruti Car, which was carrying a group of robbers, was hit by a group of robbers in Umiam. The robbers took the truck to Umsawkhwan area to steal another truck. truck that they had already picked up.
I don't think the leaders of any political party will just say that now we should forget about the HSPDP, UDP and join the VPP. " said Mr. Prestone.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was accompanied by thousands of people from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills including foreigners.
They are the father, mother and child of the incident at Bolsalgre, South Garo Hills.
Nongstoin, Naitung 04: The Treasury Department of Nongstoin, Nongstoin, has failed to arrange for the release of salaries to all the police personnel of the 4th Battalion, Sohpian West Khasi Hills District. police to express their concern regarding the delay in the work of the department.
Whoever sells the village is one or two, not all.
A four-judge bench headed by CJI DY Chandrachud, while hearing the case, which has been going on since June and June this year, issued its order on Tuesday.
Police have launched an investigation after a video went viral in which a man was seen walking naked at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“We have come here today to separate the Judiciary from the Executive so that a clean and fair trial can come to those victims of any crime or land dispute and others. “It's not a case,” said the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
Bah Sylliang won the MDC election in 2014, but lost in 2019 and is now ready to contest the election again.
However, when talking to some economists in the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Committee, it was understood that the CM has now looked into why the state cannot produce internal revenue.
The union also said that it has confidence in the criminal justice system of India and urged anyone who has information to come forward to assist in the investigation.
Through these 3 points, the author tries to show the incompleteness of the O.M.dated 10.05.2022 and its Roster.
He said that in talks with the police, there are still others involved.
Pollstar, while talking to this reporter, said that many of the medicines provided by the Veterinary Department cannot protect the sick cows but there are times when the injections have helped a little.
He also urged the Congress and TMC to do their homework so that if they understand that they cannot achieve what they have promised and win elections from their own issues, they should not bring forward. religious differences to win elections but to talk about the development of the state.
Amritpal was arrested on Sunday morning after police raided Rode village in Moga district after learning that Amritpal was in the area. on Wednesday night.
After the cleaning, the beauty and cleanliness of the streams around Wahlyngkhat village can be seen on this day.
The tournament was organized by the WJDSA as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Association which has marked the 50th anniversary of its service to the development of sports in the District.
We cannot just expect others to do something but each of us must take part in bringing about change and not just sit idly by or wait while it happens.
the work of governing is not easy.
“It is sad to see that the KHADC has used the law enforcement agencies instead of clarifying or resolving these issues and this has caused unpleasantness for those who want to clarify. and show together according to the freedom of expression that our society respects,” he said.
Khliehmawlieh YC has won the first match of the NDSA Premier League Football Tournament 2023-2
Shillong, Nailur 21: Although the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has already announced that the government will suspend the plan to open casinos in the state, many feel that this is not enough and it is necessary to repeal of the 2021 Trade Act.
The CEO of Netflix in a press conference expressed hope that the country's OTT channels to be produced through Netflix will be successful.
Perhaps the High Court wants to clean up the illegal mining of coal which is also part of the cleansing of the environment because we all know that those 'High-Level' are 'heh' from various fields ranging from political leaders, rich people, officers, police chiefs and others.
Assam has acquired 596 sq. km from Jowai Sub-Division in Block I and Block II.
The Northeastern states are all raising their concerns for the influx of illegal migrants.
The party office was inaugurated by Habung Payeng, National Observer for the North East, Arunachal Pradesh.
District Collector Ajeet Vasant said that in the past few months, there have been many such incidents but no damage has been reported.
The medals won by the state include one gold and four bronze medals.
Shillong, July 25: The State Government has expressed its deep concern over reports that there is a plan to declare disturbed areas in some parts of the state. in Garo Hills.
Steven Spielberg has praised Tom Cruise for reviving Hollywood after the industry suffered a loss since the outbreak of the pandemic. Hollywood's Top Gun: Maverick may have lost its reputation.
GG Bung Snaitang, Secretary of the UDP, sent his condolences to the families of the victims.
“The people of Meghalaya are not corrupt, but it is the BJP that makes the leaders of our state corrupt.
Shillong, July 17: The Indian National Congress (INC) has hired a helicopter of Pawan Hans for six days to campaign for the 2014 MP elections.
In a statement, JSU Central Body General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen invited all members and former leaders of the JSU who are far and wide to join in the celebration of the jubilee.
Thank you very much. This is the truth for those of us who teach in private schools. The income is very low compared to govt schools.
In another development, the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association expresses its gratitude and congratulations to all the people who came to support the 6 villages on the 19th March 2019, to protest against the public hearing of Star Cement.
The program is also part of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program and is now known as the Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA).
When asked whether the contest in Nongstoin will be with any party or party, he said, “The contest in Nongstoiñ will be between the HSPDP and the government,” he said. until.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that they have discussed how to improve the boundary settlement in the second phase.
The Seng in the next few days will put forward a demand before the Government to implement the demand of the Seng.
He said that the Assam Rifles troops used to rob people from the houses and from his property and they damaged his crops in the garden and when they spoke they spoke harshly. Your Hindi.
Also present were the President of the tournament, Clarin Lyngdoh, Shaibor Rani, Biangkam Sohtun, members of the Wahmawleiñ Sport Club and other dignitaries of the area.
Shillong: While the sale of thied in Iewduh was still going on at 12 noon on the 26th March 2021 at Basa Tungrymbai, suddenly the people who were walking and standing from that place were shocked and shocked. They were afraid like a bseiñ because they didn't know that someone had planted a bomb in Judah.
However, the most obvious sign was the construction of the third Temple in Jerusalem.
The 22nd birth anniversary of the former KSU leader was celebrated by the HYC in the presence of his relatives.
The State Commission will hold a meeting at the Court Room of the Meghalaya State Consumer Dispute Resolution Commission, New Administrative Building (Second Floor) at Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday asked the Government to clarify who was involved in the order to kill the former Hynniewtrep leader. National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew in Nailar, 2021.
Langsning FC beat Rangdajied United 6-0 in the Shillong Premier League on 29th June at the SSA Stadium, Polo Shillong. finally to qualify for the semifinals.
Rejoice said that the election authorities did not allow her to vote but she stood firm on the grounds that she had not come to vote and after the polling was completed, the election authorities The Election Commission has sent Kong Rejoice to cast her vote with ballot paper.
Jowai, June 24: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Central Body has demanded that the state government should take action to urge the central government to set up examination centers for the Common Entrance University Test (CUET) in the city. Jowai, for the students of Ri-Lum Jaintia Hills and will be able to sit for the examination.
“People may have their own feelings but I am afraid that there may be a lot of trouble because in just one year, we (MDA) have reached this point.
Today, the rainfall in Sohra was 200.4mm, while today, it was 8.0mm.
Marbud said the FKJGP is surprised that only one Khasi has appeared out of the 6000 applicants.
While he was happy, he went to see Puja dykhar.
[Link for application – ] You can also write to: info@sauramandala.org.
Nongstoin, 29 Naiwieng: On Tuesday last month, a heavy gunfire broke out between a group of rebels led by Jimmy. The incident occurred at 12:30 pm at Riangud Village, a village about 25 KM from Shallang PS. Shallang PS police said that no one was killed or injured in the shooting.
He also acknowledged that if the KHADC receives the support of the government, it should also curb the price of food and drink during the festival.
As explained above, it is the highest good manners in the world that bring blessings from God.
According to a statement from the Assembly Secretariat, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, will introduce the Budget 2024-25 using digital technology in the Budget Session starting from 16th of this month.
He was ordained a priest on 18th March 1923 and received a letter from the rector Fr Philip Rinaldi to be the leader and supervisor of the novices to Assam, the northeastern part of India.
After hearing from some of the residents who have complained about the deterioration of the roads, the deterioration of the road has affected the traffic. Therefore, I would like to inform the authorities to take action against this road as it has become bad.
Golden mountains are often pristine and can be seen through from one end to the other.
He puts the fire first and then makes the fire burn again.
 Santa has a big box and a big marketplace to cover.
Those who speak proudly, those who have no humility, but those who are proud and arrogant, no humility, but those who speak evil, no rain or reward; parents, walk in your own language, dress, go and come, please friends know where to go those who are not grateful even when you have done good to them or helped them they are not grateful but forget however.
“Not only have we passed the resolution but we have also met in Delhi and Shillong with Amit Shah but we have not yet received any answer whether our Khasi language will be included in the Sixth Schedule. We don't know whether the Inner Line Permit will be implemented in our state.
The Meghalaya Mining and Geology Department in a public notice issued to the public, said that the coal that has been counted and included in the re-inventory list has been estimated. drone and human self-authentication or both at various locations in 2022
He also said that only the NPP can resolve the border issue and end the border dispute with Assam immediately.
Speaking on the occasion, General Secretary James MA Neng said that after the meeting of all political parties in June this year, the party expects that the work will go smoothly and from this She asked the Chief Secretary to clarify how far this issue has reached as all the political parties have not discussed anything yet.
At the end of the competition, Myrtle Gospel Band won the first prize with a cash prize of T.40,000, Cursed Arrow of Monbhut won the second prize with a cash prize of T.25,0 The Nomads came third with a cash prize of T.15,0
The union said that the non-disclosure of the names of those who have tested positive for Covid-19 raises many questions and makes it difficult to understand whether there is anything wrong.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project (MGMP) will also provide an opportunity for the youth of the State to showcase their talents in music and singing to entertain the market visitors.
The Service Rules stipulate that the contract shall expire for 11 months and the officiating basis shall be for 3-6 months.
Babu Kular Khongjirem MDC election for GHADC has been held.
When asked about the projects that can be implemented without permission if the land is within 100 km from the border, Conrad said that what does not require permission is only from the forest department, but it is necessary. to obtain permission from others such as the State, District Council, Rangbah Shnong and others who should obtain permission.
At a meeting held at Riat Mawksir, Mawsynram, the leaders and supporters of Bah HM Shangpliang came together to take a decision to prepare for the 2023 MLA election.
Ms Jointriwell Pyrtuh (President), Ms Thomas Nongtdu (Vice President), Ms Defender Pakem (Vice President), Ms Shanbor Lamare (General Secretary), Ms Justine Dkhar (Joint Secretary), Ms Livingstone Phawa (Finance Secretary), Elius Swer (Doloi Rymbai Elaka – Treasurer), Kerlang Ksoo (Legal Adviser), Kyrmen Shylla MLA (Honorary Adviser), Shitlang Pale MLA (Honorary Adviser), Sonny L Khyriem ( Chief Honorary Adviser).
In the past few days, Bah AL Hek, has encouraged the NPP, saying that it will win more MLAs in the 2018 elections.
Beware folks!! This is a secret and secret war that comes from super natural power.
With this victory, Iewduh Sports Club (Lyngkyrdem) has scored three points and has qualified for the semi final after beating MLP Football Team in the first leg of the tournament. today.
The word said, “Look for the child Jesus again and again so that I may worship him,” but the heart was determined to kill him.
The 1000 years will be the time when God will answer the prayer of all believers – “Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. HEAVEN.Matthew 6:10.
In the first match, Madan Kynsaw beat Tympang 4-0
It may be recalled that in 2013, there was a fierce battle between Drola Khongjoh and Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) for the ticket. Remington Pyngrope of the UDP came fourth, Banteidor Lyngdoh of the independent candidate came second, Martle Mukhim came third and Drola Khongjoh came fourth.
These include EGH: 31, EJH: 12, EKH: 182, NGH: 17, RBD: 84, SGH: 09, SWGH: 09, SWKH: 36, WGH: 104, WJH: 105 and WKH:
The session of Parliament will be held from 18 to 22 November
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The KSU South West Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has demanded that the state government should issue NOC to the KHADC for the improvement of the Nongstoin-Rangblang road. -Wahkaji-Domiasiat and also Mawthabah-Wahkaji-Phlangdi-Ranikor.
According to police sources, on 15th November, police received a tip that Manoj Muksor, who came from Silchar and went to Khliehriat, had brought in illegal liquor.
Mary Lynrah, State Pedagogy Coordinator, SSA SEMAM was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. Vincent Nianglang, State Pedagogy Coordinator, Ri-Bhoi District. Lt.Col. The District Education Officer of Ri-Bhoi District, Ri-Bhoi District Education Officer, Lt.Col.
He said that so far, there are 134 vacant posts in Group B and C posts.
He also promised to take action on the demand of the union, as he wants the DSC to be clean and transparent and to have talented youth to develop the community while working in government offices.
The source said that the fire broke out inside the factory due to a fault in the electricity supply at one of its workplaces. The fire spread to other parts of the factory and destroyed all the equipment. life in this factory.
Shillong: Nongrim Hills FC beat Lawsohtun 2-1 in the U-18 SPL of SSA at the JN Stadium, Polo on Saturday.
“Drugs are an addictive drug and it causes a person to become addicted to it and it causes him to commit illegal acts and many other consequences if you use drugs,” he said. bah Kharbhih and not only that, drugs also destroy the society and the world as a whole.
The Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai has decided that the election campaign itself has caused a lot of trouble in the village and affected the cleanliness of the village due to the presence of other supporters who lead the candidates in the election campaigns. .
“Your Father is wise and understanding, he speaks, he walks, but he understands.
In one district, we have done up to 10 centers and about 500 children have been examined,” he said.
The village of Mawksiar (Phlangkynshi) in South West Khasi Hills District has received a colored road after waiting for 50 years.
Now, as they increase in knowledge, they seem to increase in morality.
The festival will start from 10 am to 10 pm.
He also congratulated STEDS on its success and handed over a donation of T.1 lakh to the President of STEDS, Bah KS Suchiang as a gift sent by MP of Lok Sabha Bah Vincent Pala. because of the lack of time to participate in this festival.
should have been admonished for this excessive arrogance of hers.
Veterinary, which failed to bat first, were bowled out for 99 runs in 19 overs.
Petro Poroshenko has admitted that he has concrete evidence that Russia's bases are 18 kilometers away and are also the site of their weapons storage.
To find out the cause of the pollution, Bah Swer said the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has appointed experts to investigate the cause of the pollution. The work has been entrusted to the Center for Science and Industrial Research (CSIR-NEERI), Kolkata and through this Center there are experts who conduct research through the means of to know where the air pollution is coming from in order to control this emission of air pollution.
The match between PFR and Lawei was more intense although PFR had more chances to score in the first half but in the second half Lawei blocked PFR and after the first half they didn't score anymore. to shake the jar.
But look at what has happened now, the BJP has supported the NPP. This shows clearly that the UDP has nothing to do with the BJP. If we have anything to do with the BJP, it should have supported us.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA from Mawkynrew constituency, will join the National People's Party (NPP) along with Gavin Mylliem, MLA from Sohra constituency. Bah Kanang Lynshiang, the NPP candidate for the last election from Mawkynrew constituency, together with his supporters, will not leave the NPP. The NPP supporters who are the followers of Bah kynsing have been disappointed because they will be excluded when Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and his supporters enter.
Nongpoh, November 11: Referring to the political situation of the people of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Charles Marngar said that Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts where the but in these days it has been destroyed by the arrival of the rich who claim to love the people, but who come only to deceive the people for the sake of the people. for personal gain and to seize the resources of Ri Bhoi when empowered by the people.
Bank employees said that on Tuesday, the kidnappers demanded another T.50 lakh for the release of Mishra.
Another issue is that even if you remove the tax on the synsar, there is another issue, whether you can set the minimum support price or not. , for this crop, because the market is uncertain, where sometimes the price rises too much and sometimes it falls too much and this creates problems for those who used to grow synsar, that They will continue to do this work and if the government feels the need to save the synsar farmers, it needs a support price for this product.
In the L, Nidaïoh Dhar scored a hat-trick to lead Mynsngat FC to victory by beating Mookyndur FC 4-1
Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena will impose martial law in Sri Lanka from midnight today following the bomb blast in various churches that killed 290 people and injured 500 others.
Biden said Israel must understand this and decide whether to change or lose the support of countries and institutions. the whole world.
The union has warned the authorities that no one is allowed to sit in the market or work illegally in this area without proper documents. the roads are even more difficult, the statement said.
He said the party will wait for the orders from Delhi whether to call Bah Hek for clarification on his remarks.
He said the details would be known after talks with the Prime Minister and the Defense Minister.
Lyngdoh suggested that the Village Administration Bill, 2014 should be amended as the 'Administration in Villages' as the villages under the Municipal have been exempted from this Bill.
The laboratory was funded by the Central Government under the PM-ABHIM 2022 scheme at a cost of Rs 1.20 crore and the Central Government has allocated three laboratories in the state.
The polling will start at 7 pm and end at 4 pm at all 63 polling stations under the security of 5 Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) personnel. pyrton and a few 69 State Police personnel.
What has happened to the dignity that has been praised in India and also in Meghalaya?
Russel Nongrum, owner of omechan, said the workshop was organized in collaboration with Marketing Wire and Pearlet Toi, General Manager of Omechan. There is no market for goods due to the lockdown to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Daniel 9:20-23.
Referring to the investigation into the allegations against Paiem Latho Manik Syiem which has been ordered by the Meghalaya High Court that the Council should complete the case within three months, Bah War said. , “Regarding the order of the court, he will invite the Legal Advisers of the Council to consult on this matter and also regarding the removal of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem. He is the owner of Paiem Latho while the investigation is ongoing.
On the occasion, Bah PN.Syiem also explained the Six Schedule which allows the people through the District Councils to enact various laws from the preservation of customs and traditions to the ownership of the land. land, Khaddar or other matters to protect our unique nation from the influence of the laws of the Government of India.
Father Anthony has donated food items to seven TB patients at the District TB Hospital, Tura.
Your good deeds, Don't worry, Haduh katni.
Speaking to media, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that according to his understanding, the implementation of the Roster System should continue and no records should be taken.
On the 27th of last month, police received a complaint from a young woman from Mylliem, who complained that she had a friendship with a man named William. you're just on Facebook.
In the field of agriculture, there are many problems.
On the allegation that he was rich and that he went to buy votes, he said that he did not buy any of them and take them home.
“Therefore, the jobs have changed due to the confusion,” Conrad told reporters on Tuesday.
Police have seized two golden tins containing 3gms of heroin.
Shillong: The Sur ki Nong Mawlai, today appealed to the state government to temporarily suspend the police involved in the killing of Bah Cherister Field Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month. The Superintendent of Police, Incharge of Shillong City, said that if the state government remains silent on this demand, the Sur residents of Mawlai will not take any action. responsibility for any problems.
The leaders of the group, including Nickel R. Marak, adviser and John R Marak, said that through this meeting, they have decided to strongly demand from the Hima Mylliem to withdraw the but they must recognize the Sanad of the Garo Rangbah Shnong, whether it is the NOC or even the Dulir of the land.
Shillong: The State Government through the Social Welfare Department has released the second installment of funds to the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) to support the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) in the fight against the spread of the disease. drugs.
Kanye, 44, revealed his plan in an interview with a television programme.
The MPCC chief also compared the Congress-led government with the NDA government of Modi, saying that the present NDA government has given the people only restrictions. suda and sorrow to the little one; The same NDA government has said that it will do good especially in the North East but now that it has been in power for three years, what has it done?
On the CBI inquiry into the Mukroh incident, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Bisaw Sarma said the reason for the cancellation of the Judicial Inquiries of Assam and Meghalaya is because of the lack of witnesses. Neither of these two states has come forward to explain the incident, and this has hampered the investigation.
Syiem promised that the opposition will send a letter to the Governor to state that these Bills have been passed without being allowed to be discussed in the House.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in a statement said that it supports the statement of Rambrai MLA Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang that Nepalis should return to Nepal.
Furthermore, to remind those who have small children to go for injection when it is time to inject.
The JACSO leader expressed his satisfaction that the government has called for a clear dialogue with all the political parties and urged the District Council to convene such a meeting with all the opposition parties. and those who agree so that the dialogue will be fruitful for the future of the country.
The purpose of the Arm Wrestling Championship is to bring together the best arm wrestlers of the state at the same time to train them how to be disciplined to avoid the sport. tuberculosis, and the effects of drugs and other intoxicants in society.
Tomorrow, Shangpung Lumïawmuchai will play against Sohmynting at 3.00 pm.
Some reports said that the Supreme Court has decided to suspend the order but others said that the Supreme Court has agreed to suspend the KHADC, but so far it has not. I can't say anything, because the written law will be issued tomorrow.
The election is coming and going and the voters are sitting in a state of shock because they are always hoping to get money from their candidates and leaders without knowing what is right or what is wrong in the development of the villages. The area and the constituency as a whole but they have forgotten their basis that they have already signed before the election to elect a person who is educated and intelligent to do the jobs and not just count the ideas to They don't know how to fight for the land, the customs and especially for the people but not only to fight strongly from the heart to make laws and regulations. customs laws or Bills to protect the indigenous people.
In West Jaintia Hills: Heavy rain and strong winds have caused flooding in Mooshrot, Niawkmai and surrounding villages on Monday.
The Seng strongly urges anyone who misleads the people, if found, the Seng will take the necessary action, said the statement.
The Prime Minister also spoke to the beneficiaries of Deoghar in Jharkhand, Raigarha in Odisha, Prakasam in Andhra Pradesh, Namsai in Arunachal Pradesh and Arnia in Jammu and Kashmir.
The Australian government is also in dire straits, as it does not have the funds to kill these millions of snakes.
If you don't know that you're hungry, it's better not to eat bseiñ rh.
“And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the devil and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
It is said that initially the illness of the child was only a fever, but after a few days the illness turned into such a thing that from the legs, the manhood was completely lost and the body was completely covered. until I was ready to fight.
The motion by HSPDP MLA Bah KP Pangiang to implement the bill until 2019 was rejected by the ruling party.
“The wild soldiers are the JUHEs and the Christian soldiers are those children who fight drills and the JUHEs use violence, intimidation and harassment especially against those who are young in the faith but in the name of Jesus Christ. “It's a shame to see but when a little child shoots in the name of Jesus Christ, they fall down,” said Tymmenbasan.
Some are old even in their teens.
He said the government has changed the name of the Facilitation Center and others, but the purpose of the work is to register voters, and the KSU will not allow the registration of voters. Daniel said that the KSU will soon meet with the government to discuss the issue, which has decided in 2012 not to register the voters in the DC. After the meeting, the KSU members left the DC office and shouted 'Maitshaphrang Khlur ka Ri'-'Im-slem KSU' They followed them, and finally they entered the Shillong Club.
This shows that those who are stupid have been deceived through the bible which they read and therefore they have become dark by posting on social media such as Facebook groups (Na Lympung Khasi and Antor) Khasi news and on other other de.
“The decades of Congress rule have been the worst in the history of corruption,” said BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang.
Evan Gershkovich reportedly worked for Russia's AFP before joining the Wall Street Journal last year.
It is not known where she contracted the disease and the British authorities are still looking for the facts.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Union Minister of State for Small Paid Affairs, John Bala, on Tuesday congratulated the churches for their contribution to the development of education and health in the country. this is the State of Meghalaya.
You don't have to tell.
The Central Government has introduced the 6th Scheduled Amendment in the Rajya Sabha today after the Cabinet led by Narendra Modi recently approved it.
He said that the VPP is trying to mislead the people on this issue.
Millions of foreign workers, especially from Bangladesh and India, have gone to work abroad; but they cannot be the owners of the village or marry the women of the country, because the women of the East are not as light as our women, because the elders of the East have authority.
Nongpoh: Expressing concern over the influx of illegal foreigners who have come to work in various jobs in Bhoirymbong, on Tuesday, the leaders of the Bhoirymbong HYC Bhoirymbong Circle, has met with Bah HS Shylla, CEM of KHADC, to discuss the issue of foreigners in the area.
Yadav won the Madhepura LS constituency on the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) ticket, defeating JD(U) President Sharad Yadav by 56,000 votes. Ranjeet won from Supaul constituency on the Congress ticket, defeating JD(U) candidate Dileshwar Kamait by 60,000 votes.
Similarly, we cannot know in advance the changes that will be a threat to the peace and stability of society.
However, when asked how long it will take and now the department has sent a letter to the Personnel Department, Bah HDR Lyngdoh could not answer because he does not know.
These events have been reported by many.
He said that when he goes to the market, people talk about him since he appeared on youtube.
He said that police have arrested 234 people including 20 women in 2022 on suspicion of involvement in drug trafficking and drug trafficking. difficult to compare with previous years.
The elections will be held in four states, including Rajasthan, which is estimated to have about 15% of the population and is expected to play a major role in the elections. in 2024.
In fact, the road has been completed for only 10 years under the PMGSY scheme, but the deterioration of the road is due to the lack of work by the contractor.
The presence of the opposition helps to get a government that works properly and gets a clean governance, so that those in the ruling party who lead the government do not have too much freedom to do whatever they want. against those who have a major role, it serves as a guideline where there is a lack of errors and delays in the work of the government to be the overseer of the activities of the government.
The Seng leader also admitted that the Mawryngkneng Police Station has refused to accept the complaint lodged against the 18 trucks. According to the Notification of the Mining and Geology Department, the State Government will not be able to register a case against any illegal trade in coal.
The renewal fee is Rs.1,000/- One thousand rupees.
According to the Prime Minister, when Capt Sangma led the struggle for Meghalaya, his parents were Congress leaders and strengthened the party in the midst of difficulties.
AADHAR is a seed number to identify yourself as a Permanent Resident of a Country. Government officials want to pass a law on the AADHAR Number so that everyone can have it through their fingerprints. or their finger print and Iris scan, and that anyone who does not link himself with the AADHAR Number shall be a foreigner and a citizen of the country and shall be deprived of all rights. who should live as usual.
In 2003, the 93rd Constitutional Amendment was passed which enabled the government to reconsider the possibility of including other languages ​​of the country in the 8th Schedule.
One of the members said, “When we arrested him (suspected drug dealer) he offered us money.
New Delhi, Nailur 02: The JCB Prize for Literature (JCB) has released the Longlist for the sixth prize.
There were 19 teams divided into four groups.
The incident at Thangskai on the 24th of this month and the incident at Lapangap in the following days, have brought two clear pictures on the behavior and performance of the Police in the state.
“Has Conrad's name appeared in any court case or police case?
The synsar used to be collected by the district councils but through this ban, the government will enable the district councils to lose not less than Rs 10 crore per annum from the synsar and sla tyrpad.
Shillong: On the night of 10th July 2020, a petrol bomb was detonated at the office of the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) at Kharmalki, Shillong.
Sharma said that through this MoU, the land of the tribals has been transferred to the land of the non-tribals.
This revolution should also instill a spirit of hard work and a spirit of love among us the nation, which has received a spirit of economic development.
Don't be fooled anymore by being fooled, lest we be fooled again in the next five years.
At the same time, the NPYF expressed the hope that the talks and settlement for the seven other disputed areas between Meghalaya and Assam will also be resolved soon.
Guwahati: U Ranjit Barma, leader of the RSS in Assam, today said that the party welcomes all Hindus to come and live in India.
Last season, Mawlai won the title by beating Laitkor 2-1
Authorities have strongly condemned the incident and said it was an act of gang violence.
If before the elections, Rs 5 crore was promised, the citizens of the state know how much they have received after winning.
Therefore, regarding the safety of the residents and school children while working from side to side of the road in Nongpoh, it is time for the state government to urge the NHAI to find ways and means to the part to bring about the safety of the pedestrians, in order to avoid any untoward incident.
According to him, the will of the people will be during the joint visits of the two committees of the state government or the Regional Committees to those places.
Shillong, July 22: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has announced that he will contest the MP constituency from Tura in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Public Affairs Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly today summoned officers of the Urban Affairs Department including Additional Chief Secretary Dr Shreeranjan to seek clarification on the loss of a bus driver. JNNURM in the city as approved by the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).
The ethnic minority of Meghalaya is only 10 percent compared to other ethnic groups in India and Bangladesh.
For the benefit of the residents, the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has directed the Dolloi, Waheh Shnongs and Market Committees to temporarily close all the markets in the district until 31st October The gathering of people from all over the district and from abroad.
In his speech, he said that his struggle and resignation from the party congress is because he loves the people and not the money because many other parties have come to offer him billions of rupees. to contest the election this year but he refused.
The ESIC will also expand its resources by opening new hospitals and upgrading existing resources.
The existence of the District Council is the preservation of the customs and traditions laid down by the menbarim and that is why we have this incomplete rule, which is not Khasi for Khasi for Khasi,” he said. state.
I'm sorry for the prayers.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: The Adviser of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem, Kolmen Pohshna, in a statement sent to Mawphor, said that the people of Amlarem Sub Division have faced many difficulties in the implementation of MREGA. The government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister and who is also in charge of the state budget has found that for many years now the money has been stagnant.
“Regarding the Ministers, as you know, this also depends on the permission of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and recently, the MEA has introduced a strict rule even to grant permission to such international travel offers.
According to Elias, the 10 households living in Pyllun village in the Stied area are Bilanda Lapang, Surjey Pandey, Jeet Rai, Ashok Rai, Bal Bahadur Sunar, Suk Bahadur Sunar, Kumar Chetri, Krishna Thapa and I.
You need to clean the skin of children especially in the external parts such as hands, feet, neck, face and other places. protect children from exposure to these viruses and prevent the spread of diseases carried by them.
A copy of this application was sent on 26th June,
Any individual and group from the state between the ages of 18-58 years can apply through the CM-ELEVATE Portal, and the closing date is 31st March
Confirming this, Bah Kering Wahlang, a family member, said that the body of Mathaios Wahlang has been taken away and the rest will be completed tomorrow (Thursday).
Nongstoin, March 10: A heavy incident occurred at Risiang village at 7.00 pm this evening, which lasted for more than 1 hour after the leaders and Rangbah Shnong of Risiang village, found The Secretary of Mawlangriang Village, by conducting a survey on the boundary map of Mawlangriang Village together with the Revenue Department officials without informing Risiang Village.
The Government of India has deployed CRP police in eastern Delhi along with the Rapid Action Force (RAF) and a team of women police.
To help you understand the imperfections of people in the world I would like to give some more examples from the Bible.
“Even in the midst of the lack of salary, the employees come and complete their office duties and this should be commended,” said the GSU. mat that you have mentioned above.
The Indian football team has reached another milestone in the world ranking of 99th.
A statement from the army said that on Tuesday night, at 8 pm, 300 civilians, including 200 women and children, went to the army camp near Anjali Complex to They were taken to the Rhino Training Center at Kyrkit Square, where they were given food and blankets to stay overnight.
Pandey said that such remarks against the President of the party who is also the NPP candidate from Tura Parliamentary Seat, are the threat of the Prime Minister.
Therefore, the VPP's campaign to amend this policy should not benefit only one ethnic group, but to ensure that there will be no discrimination,” said Dr Myrboh.
The MDA government's announcement came after the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) last month held a mass march against unemployment in Shillong.
She said that the public should open the website “Khoia Paia” which is available throughout the country where people can take pictures of the missing, homeless or victims. export.
I have not applied for a ticket or we will talk about the nomination of a monlang candidate or anything else..." he said.
“It may be that there is a shortage because especially during the Lyiur season it may not shlei, but we will find out when we visit the place on the 22nd.
It is here that it is said that you have to understand your strength, your position, your source of income and your family. it is certain that they will be good and will become better when they are united.
Laitphar Syngkrem said the KSU has already decided within the EC to temporarily oppose the government's plan to open the market.
Therefore, the union said that it will look into whether these Hindu believers do or do not do as they have been ordered to do.
However, in the evening, the OC telephoned me to do nothing.
"The singer also congratulates Daniel Thangkhiew, Pius Marwein, Bindo Lanong, Charles Pyngrope, Windermere Resorts, Elizabeth Marbaniang, Melanie Pariat, Ibapynhun Kharmih, Kit Warbah, Balajied Sungoh, Mr. Aleric Terry, Mr. Yoomiki Thangkhiew, Mr. Banjop Nongbri and Mr. Khambor.
Shillong, November 16: The Motphran Auto Rickshaw Owners and Drivers Association (MARODA) celebrated Christmas today at the Community Hall, Mawlai Phudmuri. In the presence of the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai, Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh, the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai, Bah Silverstar Kurbah, also known as Bah Best.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPTSA) State Level (MUPTSA) has issued a notice to all MUPSTA teachers across the state regarding the Class XII 45% marks and D.EL. .Ed programme, which is in accordance with the National Council of Teachers Education (NCTE) Standard and the Right to Education (RTE) Act
The villages which have benefited from this MLA scheme include the villages of Mulum, Nongkynrih, Laskein, Mowkaiaw, Mowtyrshiah B, Kyrwen, Madanrwan, Mowshrot, Sahsniang-A, Sahsniang-B. , Iongsaro, Umsalaid, Tum-Tum, Khadkasla, Psiar, Mowluber, Saphai, Priang, Umdeinlin, Saba, Mukroh, Maitdein , Thadialong, Lummuriap, Thadbamon, Sowkhlieh, Musiaw, Umsalang, Latymphu and Mobondo.
Signs and symptoms of prei-pynhiar disease.
We hope that the voters of Sohiong will not follow others who are reluctant to vote, but will come out in order to exercise their power and right to elect a legislator.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Kyrmen said, “We are what we are today because of the presence of teachers who have shaped our lives.
As soon as she entered the house, Lydia sat down and began to tell her mother and father these things.
The tournament, which started from the 6th to the 9th of this month, has selected 15 Under-17 boys and girls to take part in their respective competitions, but they have not been selected. they could not reach the goal and had to return home empty-handed.
Regarding the entry and exit points, the KSU JHDU President Samla Ohibait Dkhar has urged the DC of West Jaintia Hills District to expedite the work. The gate should be built soon to check the entry and exit of the mynder into the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Referring to the political situation in the state, Bah Paul said that the presence of many national parties contesting the 2023 elections is a golden opportunity for the ethnic parties to come to power.
The hospital was upgraded in 2022 and was inaugurated on 14th June 2022 by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma in the presence of Kyrmen Shylla MLA of the area and others.
Bah Anthony is a retired DFO of JHADC. The funeral service will be held on the 19th June at 1.00 pm at the Nongtalang Catholic Cemetery. The Seng Khasi College Girls Basketball Competition was held at the Seng Khasi College Invitational Basketball Stadium in Weiking, Jaiaw, Shillong. .
It is a surprising incident that a daughter has been born from a mother who died in a bomb attack in Israel.
The proceeds of the lucky draw will be used to support the school in paying the salaries of the teachers of Ladthadlaboh Secondary School, said the Waheh Chnong ABM Shullai, who conducted the meeting in the presence of the elders of the village. members of various committees, school teachers and others.
Nongstoiñ, June 25: The Umyiap area is one of the most famous agricultural areas in the state and can be said to be the largest area.
Regarding the announcement by the state government in the past few months that the state government has taken over the film production industry as part of the factories, Bah Shangpliang said that it will come with proper rules and procedures.
However, these are parables that show the nature of the Khadar rule at that time.
Shillong: The Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has denied that there is any demand or protest to remove the Congress leadership in the state as reported in the media.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar said that this is a day to remember by being happy and free spirited people who love their country. .
When asked whether the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to reduce the fear of illegal entry of people by rail, the Congress leader said the BJP has spoken. Meghalaya will have to choose whether it wants the Sixth Schedule or the ILP. Finelyness Bareh, Executive Member of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) The council meeting on Tuesday said that Khanduli village falls within the boundary of the council.
When cleaning the seating area for those invited inside the seating area, the speaker in the program using microphones should wear a mask to avoid infection.
The new cases include EGH: 5, EJH: 6, EKH: 156, RBD: 25, SWKH: 5, WGH: 9, WJH: 8 and WKH:
Nongpoh, November 22: Two political parties from Ri Bhoi, the Ri Bhoi People's Movement (RBPM) and the Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO), have expressed their strong opposition to the results of the elections. The Staff Nurse of the DHS, was released on the 11th of this month.
“Therefore, I request your office to take immediate action against the robbers and punish them as soon as possible to prevent such unpleasant incidents in the future,” said Bah Sunida.
Hosea lovingly and joyfully accompanied her to the colorful places and festivals that Gomer had enjoyed since she was a young woman.
It's been like having a child without a child for more than 2 years now.
He said it is not easy to do it once but the government will try its best to meet the needs of the police.
It is for this reason that drug and alcohol abuse is increasing in the state.
So, do you know when, where and since how many years? Have you ever met those Longshuwa Manshuwa? To find out everything and if it's true! How else? That the ancestors allowed the Kongs to give birth to Sahep, Chinese, African, Bhutanese, Tibetan, Sikkimese, Nepalese, Dkhar children all over India and others? Those who have increased to 31/2 percent and become Khasei – Khasoi through the Kmie/Kynthei clan.
Those who have grown up also show us children to be children of the day and take us as their children.
All participants who complete the goal will receive t-shirts and medals.
On the other hand, Bah G.Hynniewta did not ask for support as the leader of the party but on the other hand he said that if the people want a major change they need to look into who he is. candidate to contest the election who is eligible to be elected as MLA in the upcoming election in
Nongstoin, July 23: The Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) Nongstoin Area Unit, has expressed its deep sorrow over the rumors of some people who are trying to defame the party. The President of the Siejlieh Primary Unit of the EC admitted that it was only his personal news without the knowledge of the party.
c) Why do bad things happen to us? ANSWER: Once again, a scripture from the Word of God says, Sometimes the problems in our lives are our own. (1 Peter 4:15).
At the time of writing, police are on their way to investigate the incident and take the woman to hospital.
Dr I Khyriem, Sr Medical and Health Officer District Tuberculosis Center welcomed the guests and also honored the staff of the department as well as the ASHAs. The bike rally started from Mihmyntdu along the highway and passed through Ïawmusiang and ended at the District Tuberculosis Centre.
Shillong: Shillong Police, together with Mawlai Police, have seized 109.97 grams of heroin from a Maruti Swift Dezire.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that this day is dedicated to the farmers of the state. them in various missions, training opportunities and modern technologies.
He said there was a good understanding between the Indian and Bangladesh army chiefs.
These two MDCs are Aiborlang Shadap of Barato and Arbor Hima Darnei of Saipung.
According to the Sohra MLA, the government's withdrawal of T.27 crore from the allocation is like stealing the money of the people of Sohra which has been allocated by the central government for the purpose of improving the government. Sohra by planting trees and improving the water supply.
At that time, the foreigner could not do anything and gave up his soh and the KHADC police seized it.
However, the Syiem of Mylliem did not believe in the order of the KHADC, but went on with his work by continuing to give permission to the foreigners in Iewduh.
Such actions are dangerous and the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbars should be vigilant.
It is learned that the fire broke out in the house.
The young leader said that the party has been directing and advising various departments to put education as one of the priority issues.
Police are conducting investigation and searching for the fugitive.
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, on Tuesday praised the initiative to use the National eVidhan Application (NeVA) to conduct hearings. of the Legislature which are incessant and no longer necessary for use in print.
The body of the woman was found in sharing areas and this has made it difficult for the police to search for the body at night, the report said.
She said that the management of the tourist spot together with the Dorbar Shnong, in collaboration with the women's organization do not want the surroundings of the village to become dirty and the environment to be polluted.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that this day is special for the students who have completed their studies in three streams and he also praised the college. which will open two buildings of the college to better serve the children through education.
This decision was taken after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of the Chairman and CEO of JMB. The district has requested time to clean up the garbage tomorrow and the union has also agreed to allow the cleaning of all the garbage left in Iawmusiang.
Most of the deficit teachers who have retired are still receiving the same amount as it was given 15/16 years ago.
He also expressed his confidence that with the trust of the people he will win and reach his goal, saying that the voters of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency are wise.
After the people of Sohiong constituency have cast their votes at various polling stations at 4 pm on the 10th June 2023, the Nongsaiñ Hima has visited Bah Amazing Kurbah. Lawshlem Polling Station to talk to him about his ability to speak at a public meeting to entertain the listeners who watch on youtube.
Explaining on this, the top leader of the KSU, said that it is easy to recognize the Mynder ri who come from other places, from the appearance of the tree and who expressed that concern, after seeing that as it is now, the nation is in danger from those Ingkhong Shyllangmat or Myndie ri, who have the character and appearance of the tree. Khasi, but those who sell their own country.
They demanded that the government should not appoint an independent inquiry or hand over the case to the CBI.
I don't have anything to say against the statement of another leader but the government and the department have taken a decision because first of all, we feel that children need to compete at the National Level and therefore they In some cases, the books for class VI or VII have been taught in Meghalaya for those in class VIII or IX while in NCERT they have been taught in VI, " don't say.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 01: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the price of alcoholic beverages has been changed and a new price has been set which will be implemented immediately.
Shngain Shylla scored the first goal for Pateinki Sabah in the 52nd minute.
“If it is true that Meghalaya is the fastest growing state, then why do the youth join the rebel group?” he said after the Cabinet meeting. .
He has been with me since we got home, so where is his involvement," asked Jigame.
They shall plant vineyards and rejoice in the wine – no one else will drink it....
However, there are also those who do not have the right to collect taxes illegally by collecting money from trucks.
“There should be no question of reinstating the curfew, but I appeal to all the residents of the state to protect themselves and also to take care to get vaccinated, because the situation is not right. good" he said.
" China may be hit by the Second Wave of Coronavirus in November 2020 (Chinese expert).
Where is Peit IAS?Bad English grammar the verb after neither nor should be singular.
Bah Albert Maring, Umdap dumu, Ri Bhoi district The government should bring many development projects in the rural and border areas to avoid the overcrowding in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Some journalists said that the Assam government has allocated T.5,000 to elderly journalists and added that in Meghalaya, only the Journalist Welfare Fund (JWF) has been allocated to journalists. , who are sick, it takes many years for them to leave the feet of government officials until they receive T.50,000, the maximum.
He said that the department has also ordered its engineers to talk to MeECL to remove the old one and replace it with a new one. home meat.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that after the elections, the Congress will form the government. The ruling BJP in the central government has done this and at the same time the people have understood the good deeds done by the Congress.
The HSPDP has urged the Governor to take action on this issue.
“We should be proud to see such participation in every part of the country.
“On the strengthening of the health departments, the Minister said that in terms of percentage, health is the priority with 8 percent of the state budget.
Not only that, the JAC leaders also demanded that the government should set up only one coal mine on this road as in other places in the state. The coal mine should also be located under the Riangdo-Athiabari road, and it is better if the coal mine is located in Athiabari village as this area is on the border with Assam and besides that it is The spirit of the place is the place of the people of the land.
During the visit, the team also found that some of the players including Lamboklang Tongwah, Jeyson Dkhar and Fairly Syiemlieh have shown their skills and impressed the team with their performance.
Therefore, if parents are the main teachers in their lives, if they don't know how to read the thylliej or any other work in front of their children, which protects their children in the future, especially when the children are young and young enough to grasp what their parents or adults teach them.
Speaking on the signboard, which has covered about 7 kilometers and a half, during the Raid Lyngkhat, the Sordar said that he is sorry to lose the signboard. “As long as there is a way, we will fight to bring back.
According to the Wages Card issued by the AMDWU, the salary of one hour of clothing per day is T.2,500 per month, the salary of cleaning the entire household is T.2,500 per month. For 1 hour per day, the fee for 1 hour per day is T.3000 thousand per month, for sending the children of the owners to school for 1 hour per day will be T.3,000 thousand per month.
He said that this scheme is like a grant to the farmers.
It is from this that government comes that man can rule and judge his fellow man.
According to the permit, only 75 people should enter through the phalor of the temple at a time.
He said that when the two groups arrived at Laitumkhrah Police Station to lodge a complaint, they started fighting with each other and there was also a clash with the officers at the police station.
On the other hand, the Congress leader urged the HNLC not to withdraw from the peace talks but to demand another talks to continue their demands from the government.
Jowai, July 1: Is it true that the District Councils, especially the JHADC and KHADC, have violated the order of the Meghalaya High Court?
Speaking to media, HNYM President Louis Dohtdong said that the Garo people have been demanding the implementation of the Roster System since
“The party will try its best to strengthen the Booth Levels in the 20 constituencies before November, which are sure to win,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) has urged all Fair Price Shop dealers to complete the distribution of ration by June 30, 2022 using the e-Pos machine.
:The new Khasi song, “Jlang ki her sha lyndet lyoh”, has been released on the 15th of November
The discrimination against women causes other non-Hynniewtrep men to turn to marry Khasi women and to take over the wealth and land of the Khasi.
“In Mutong and San Shnong, not only the Moopun Valley, but also the Twai Langdong, Sahksaw and the famous Jaintia Valley the Rynji Valley", which has attracted hundreds of tourists.
The Ministry of Education of the Government of India will support to make Meghalaya a leading state in the fields of education and entrepreneurship.
After the arrest of these foreigners from Assam, the HYC members have informed the Nongpoh PS Police Station to arrest these foreigners and also to take the necessary action especially to investigate the incident. to this state, he added.
In the first half, Babysunday Marngar took the ball and carried it to the right side of the field by passing the ball to Wadajied who managed to score the ball into the net after he threw from the edge of the box. bok at a distance of 18 feet.
Wealth is because of that power.
Police have arrested him and taken him to court for questioning for two days to find out who else is involved in the incident.
However, even the roads were divided into two parts and a market place was placed in the middle.
When she realized that she had been cheated, she lodged a complaint with the police and the police, after taking over the investigation, worked with the Cyber ​​Cell of Dwarka District. They were arrested from Shivam Apartment at Mandir Wali Gali in Mahavir Enclave-I. The talkers and lovers were Negroes, while the Custom officer was Syiemlieh, who phoned the people and after the people have paid the money, which has been deposited in the account, they will withdraw immediately without delay.
When he could no longer fight against God he had to fight against man, and Adam and Eve became the people whom Satan destroyed in the Garden of Eden.
The song is composed by B4nshan and Assistant Director is Kiki Garod.
there was no election.
Who wants the jot ka pei and the shame and shame and jot jing pra? Theater dancers and singers in the past sang to the tune of a Hindi-A movie! SAI-SUH to SAI-THAIN. Readers should think carefully about this.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang said that the payment of shilak to Wanri Pyngrope is a sign of her ability to play the role of an actress. many public spectators.
Head to Suchen.
He said that the request of the union to these officers to draw up a scheme for the construction of the new road is because those who come for tourism when they want to go from Weinia to Shadthum have to If you have a road from Weinia to Niamlang, you can go to Shadthum.
For example, in gang rape, the penalty is 20 years in prison and life imprisonment.
The ceremony will start around 10 am.
You should also set aside time for reading and sports,” said Kong RM Kurbah.
Earlier, they held a protest in front of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong, to demand that the state government should stop the construction of the railway line in Ri-Bhoi until the implementation of the trial measures. the entry and exit of mynder into the state.
Badondor Marbaniang (33min), Rimankhraw Kharumnuid (58min), Jospal Kurbah (62min) and Chibaitki Pamthied (66min) scored for Meghalaya.
On the other hand, no one buys perishable crops.
Caroline Colony has received 217 garbage dumps through the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) and distributed them to the residents on Saturday during a training on Solid Waste Management conducted by the Dorbar Shnong through to the Environment & Sanitation Committee.
This is the joy of those who believe.
In the current tournament, Bhavani received a bye in the Round of 64 before defeating Dospay Karina of Kazakhstan in another round.
Today, the militants captured Logal province, which is only 40 miles from Kabul, the report said.
Rupert Momin, NPP MLA from Kharkutta, while supporting the motion of Bah Ardent, said that in Garo Hills many youths have applied for licenses to mine shyiap from the rivers in Garo Hills, but they have not. Assam has been suffering from the shyiap flowing from Meghalaya.
Hayashi will meet with Chinese Foreign Minister Qin.
Under the Swachh Bharat Mission – Urban 2.0, currently being implemented by MoHUA, the collection, disposal of plastic waste and the disposal of plastic is an important part.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: A heavy clash between police and a crowd of about 3000 people took place in Chokpot, South Garo Hills today.
