In Nongkrong, the village where I was raised, no other church groups were allowed to enter.
At about 1.30 pm, unidentified persons entered the residence of the employees of the company, and set fire to a dumper truck and a transit mixer. While sleeping inside, he was surprised by the sound of fire from inside the truck and when he got up, he forcibly slammed the door of the vehicle to save himself. of these robbers standing outside the truck.
Shillong: U Bah Process T Sawkmie, President of the Shillong City Congress Committee, on Tuesday said that although the party has become smaller in the Legislative Assembly after the resignation of 12 MLAs, the party has resigned. However, as MLAs who are still in the party, they will continue to monitor the issues of the nation.
Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa has allocated Rs 1250 crore to provide compensation to the residents of Karnataka who have been under lockdown since 24th June
However, at 12 noon, when the dorbar opened and the crowd started to leave, the police lashed and bombed the women in front of the dorbar. They began to throw stones and throw stones outside the dorbar hall, in the direction of the police.
Shillong: The Syiem of Raid Nongtung of Ri Bhoi District, Paiem Newell Shadap, on Tuesday congratulated the two Chief Ministers of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who has taken the step to move forward with the settlement of the border between the two states.
“It is necessary to take action on the arrival of the AITC in the state, as the party is led by the former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the parties in the government will have to “I will vote for the 2023 election,” said Chuba Ao.
The Women's Junior Asia Cup has led to the country's women's hockey team's efforts to improve their performance in the Women's Junior Asia Cup. The team, with the cooperation of all their players, beat the four-time champions South Korea 2-1 in their final.
He said that there are more than 375 Khasi villages in the Barak Valley with a population of more than 2 lakh.
Shillong: The deaths today are Edward Kharumnuid, 50, of Lad Nongkrem, Kynton-U-Mon, East Khasi Hills, Khrawshai Kurbah, 33, of Mawngap, East Khasi Hills. Mawsmai, Angeline Kharsyntiew, (20) of Nongthymmai, Jelly Shop, East Khasi Hills, Bah Upstar Khongwet, (37) of Saitsohpen, Sohra, East Khasi Hills, who died and was taken to the hospital. Khmiedsingh Pohplet, (44) of Dobasipara, West Garo Hills, Khmiedsingh Pohplet, (75) of Syndai, Dawki, Khran Kharbani, (66) of Markasa, West Khasi Hills Hills, Narola Jamir, (47) of Lummawrie, Laitumkhrah, East Khasi Hills, Bah Friday Dkhar, (56) of Mawkisyiem, Sohra, L.Prem Kumar Singh, (42) of Lakhimpur, Assam, Pethy Sangma, 35, of Lower Mendal, North Garo Hills, Jelson Pakem, 83, of Nongryngkoh, Gretyano Marwein, (60) of Langstiehrim, Pyndengumiong, Mairang, West Khasi Hills.
He said that they will continue to implement the NDPS Act to fight against drugs and at the same time he appealed to the residents to come forward and provide information to eradicate this evil in the society.
Mobile phones will soon rise in price because the Indian government has increased the GST (Goods and Services Tax).
Talina Shadap won the title of the oldest participant and Joshwa Lyngkhoi the youngest.
After listening to both sides, the traders and farmers, the Minister, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has decided to set up a committee to head the committee to resolve all the issues.
To achieve this, in connection with the 'Prayas' which was adopted earlier to ensure 100 per cent enrollment of part-time school leavers, has been implemented and revived. .
There are about 5,000 Gorkhas living in Lower Lumpi, Upper Lumpi, Harshnagar, Makoibari and surrounding areas.
The President of the SWCRJ, Army Lipon, said that the meeting held on 22nd November 2022 has decided that no group should be allowed to lead the Election Campaign in different villages. Many of the candidates as in previous years, because this has caused problems to the candidate in terms of expenses, traffic jams, traffic jams and traffic jams among others.
In March past, Jingaiti Secondary School, Nonghyllam came in first place, followed by Nolikata Higher Secondary School in second place and Indira Gandhi Secondary School, East Rangasora in third place.
He said that the police have also been closely monitoring those people who have connections with those who have been arrested.
Shillong: The JSU and HANM led by Treiborlang R Suchen and Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, accompanied by senior leaders of the two parties, today held a meeting in Shillong. Ramdas Athawale, Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India.
Joshi is an MLA who was also involved in bringing about the first Congress government in the state during the tenure of Capt WA Sangma.
Shillong, July 05 : The Meghalaya State Volleyball Association (MCVA) under the leadership of Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, who is also the President, Bah PT Passah, Working President, Bah KV Kharlyngdoh, Vice President, Bah Gilbert Laloo, Asst Secretary, MSVA and other members, on Monday evening, met and handed over a petition to Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President to request for affiliation of Volleyball within the MSVA. On this occasion, the office bearers of the MSVA met with the Working President of the MSOA to discuss the affiliation of the MSOA to the MSVA so that the Meghalaya State The Volleyball Association will be able to conduct chess activities especially as volleyball is one of the sports to be held in the 5th Meghalaya Games in
“It is not difficult to win this election if the people give their support with love from the heart and he is confident that victory this time will come in the form of the love of the people for him”.
This youtube channel was opened by Rev.A Sungoh Chairman KJP Synod Mihngi in the presence of T.Bn T.Gympad, Secretary Youth Ministry, Rev.PL Pakma, Executive Secretary KJP Synod Mihngi. Chairman of the Standing Choir of the KJP Synod Mihngi.
Aetisha Lytan scored one goal for West Jaintia Hills.
We really need legislators and not businessmen who will steal the wealth of the nation.
Turn off all lights and fans if they are on.
When asked why Arbor stabbed her brother until she snier came out, she said that her brother said that he didn't have anything. Arbor has stabbed her brother in the dark because without any reason, Arbor has stabbed her brother until he was injured.
According to recent reports, the traffic jam has been severe this morning from Mawlai to Mawiong highway, which has reached Ryndangbriew.
Anthony will take part in a fight with Franklin in his quest for his first victory since defeating Kubrat Pulev in .
The National People's Party (NPP) Raliang Block on Saturday confirmed the office bearers of the NPP Kyndongtuber Unit.
In human nature, no one ever wants to be bound by rules.
The PPM strongly warns those political parties not to underestimate its members and its strength, in order to serve the country and the nation and the welfare of the society. it does not depend on the number of paid but on the spirit of courage of those members who are willing to work.
She recalled that in 2004, the police had worked hard to thwart the peace talks of the party, and she alleged that many police chiefs used members of the party to loot and demand money in the name of the HNLC to slow down the peace talks during the bus.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Thousands of coal truck drivers and their followers suddenly attacked the workers of the Weight Bridge, DMR and Transport employees and burnt down these offices.
The age of knowledge has changed and it is impossible to stay the same without adjusting to the changes according to the nature of the nation without forgetting the old, in order to be able to improve again.
A wise nation builds what is good and removes what is not, said Justice HS Thangkhiew.
Therefore, u Bah Prestone urged the people to be careful and think carefully because any person, any person or any party, any religious organization, everything is right, they say it is right. but the righteous are not saved.
Bernard's wife, LK Gracy, was arrested on bail.
Conrad has set up the committee to look into how to strengthen the NPP in all the states of the North East.
On this occasion, Balakmenlang Nongbri said that Umsning, which has become a city, is the center of many areas, from Mawhati to Mawhati. Mawrong and Kyrdemkulai area, but at present Umsning area has only one SBI ATM. He said that this one ATM cannot provide services to the people who need to withdraw money. There are thousands of people who need to withdraw money every day, but only one ATM cannot provide services to the people and how much more so if there is a problem with the ATM. Regarding this issue, the union urges the banks in Umsning, to provide ATM machines in all the banks as in other places, so that that it will make it easier for the people who need to withdraw money urgently, he added.
Shillong: The WAKO India Senior National Kickboxing Championship 2019 was held from 18-21 November 2019 at MDU Rohtak, Haryana.
Mondal said that there are several projects which have been welcomed by the people but have been stopped because the companies have not done anything.
The Father was pleased that the brother who had dishonored himself and his Father had returned with repentance.
Bah D.Rapsang, Officer-Incharge, NYKS Nongstoiñ, gave the opening and closing remarks of the programme. you program.
HANM President Willstone Sohshang said the decision was taken at a meeting of the Executive Committee where it was unanimously decided to implement.
We will also understand the slow motion of the 'ersynrai.
Finally, the author urges us to take good care of our agriculture and livestock because this is our wealth and this money from agriculture and livestock will be in God's hands. The household and the income will increase because it is the money from the right and self-sufficiency.
Just as the Father does not want his Son to burn in hell, so God does not want people to burn.
KAS invites the youth, school and college students, parents and all the residents of Shillong to join hands in this “March for the Promotion of the Khasi Language”.
The problem is that in this state we don't understand the Act.
Speaking on another issue, the MLA and the PD said that not only the responsibility of government employees, but also the responsibility of government employees. He also urged the Village Leaders and the people of Western Ri Bhoi District to cooperate with the Government, because only in the spirit of cooperation can we develop the villages and townships. They added that the area will be developed in all aspects as envisaged by the government through the establishment of this Civil Sub Division.
If India and Pakistan qualify for the Super Four, the second match of the Asia Cup 2023 will be played in Kandy on 10 November.
In this way, DKSP Bangladesh started to lose their players until they had to play with only 9 players on the field, after two of their players, One player was sent off after receiving a second yellow card while another player was sent off for a foul against a player of by H. Elijah.
st Xavier's College has been closed due to the examination of District and Session Judge on 20-1-2
However, to give my opinion, in that speech I don't have any objection to anyone. I also said that the leaders in the government when someone speaks against and gives opinion to the government should respond or answer. in a manner that is dignified and appreciative to those who ask questions and especially to the public.
In the second semi final, Nehu Shillong played against Powergrid. Powergrid won the toss and elected to take the field first.
The entries are as follows: Sardar Area: NO ENTRY: from Jail Road Petrol Pump to Iew Jail Road, from Forest Colony to CRPF Camp, from Gandhi Bunyadi Higher Secondary School to Pynthor Rit, from Lad Oakland to Oakland Puja Pandal , and Bamboo Hut to Keating Road.
On the other hand, Bah Bajop said that the Committee will not be able to understand the problem in this regard because the members of the Committee are only officers and they will not be able to understand the issue. He requested that the Council should include the Syiem of these Hima and also the MDC of these Hima who fall under the proposed development. you can't Dam.
Sometimes I hear that there are questions why the “Ktien Sohra” (among other dialects or dialects of Khasi Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam) has been translated into to read, to speak, to write, to write history and so on with this 'Ktien' among the many Khasi people or the “Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum” around the “Sohpet-Bneng” – the words that have been used since ancient times until now.
“I have received information about the sighting of two bodies in this mine but I have not received the full report, I have received it through whatapp so I don't want to confirm this,” he said.
Dr Mukul said the central government has actually released Rs 172 crore for medical colleges but so far the government has spent only Rs 60 crore.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Tongkhar expressed his gratitude to the teachers who have worked hard body and soul for the purpose of providing education and shaping the future of the students. a time that encouraged them to grow in all aspects whether it is in good living and encouraged them to walk in the right path and succeed in their daily lives.
It is not easy in this world to feed many children because there are so many needs.
If the government doesn't take care of it, these things will happen one day.
The employees of Dalmia have not received permission from the district administration and law enforcement agencies to use fire in their puja celebrations. It is understood that they are allowed only to worship and not to use fire during the puja.
This reporter, on Friday, visited the area and saw with his own eyes that the land in Cleve Colony, near the Mizoram House, has been covered with tin ( CGI sheet).
On Saturday, the Minister will take part in another VBSY program at Laitkseh.
“At present, many of the ksew that can walk freely on the road are not known whether they are ownerless or owned ksew and this poses a threat to the pedestrians especially at night,” he said.
He said that there has been a lack of employment opportunities for the Khasi by the managers of these factories and there have been many Khasi women and youth working in these factories. The union cannot accept and will continue to monitor this issue.
How can the same person have two Khasi tribes? How does the law speak to this otherwise controversial practice? These actions misrepresent our identity as a nation which was established on the basis that the Khasi children should take their jait ka kynja only from the mother who gave birth to them.
Shillong, July 13: U Bah James Sylliang MDC Mawhati Constituency has announced that he will contest the MLA election 2018 from Mawhati Constituency.
She said when the court dismissed the case in 2010, the families did not appeal.
If the cold is severe and prolonged, it is best not to use or turn on electrical appliances such as mobile phones, wires, radios, televisions and other electrical appliances.
Speaking to reporters after filing their nomination papers, the four candidates said they have a strong hope that they will reach the goal in the upcoming election.
These are examples that have happened in the past years and will continue to happen that the gun itself will only bring bloodshed and death and will never bring the fruit of the youth. they always aspire to see a bright future for the country and the community in which they live.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has organized a Talent Search program for men and women cricketers from Sohra district. Saturday at Pynshadkhurai Square.
However, the ethnic parties like the UDP which have been sdien may still sdien and other ethnic parties will snoh rdin as much as possible, except the VPP which has clearly stated to clean up. the jyrsieh of corruption is not cleansed.
The attack was carried out by bombing the M/S Halari Coke plant at 12.00 pm and the M/S Shauransi Coke plant at 3.30 pm.
Especially when I ask my opinion on the grounds on which they elect their leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that as the leader of Ri Bhoi District, he urged the government to provide artificial turf ground in RiBhoi District. prominent players in the state.
And there Jesus will rule and judge for 1,000 years.
In a statement, VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said, “This action of the government violates the faith of Christians who celebrate Sunday as a day of worship. .
In the 62nd minute, Shaibor took the ball alone and scored the first goal of the match. .
In many synsar planting areas, soil erosion has been observed especially in those areas with steep slopes.
It can also penetrate vegetation.
Tura managed to score 119 runs for the loss of eight wickets.
Therefore, when it publishes such reports, no one can object or say otherwise.
The public hearing was held in front of Nongstoin Market in the presence of doctors and staff of the Social Welfare District, members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoin and the BDO of Nongstoin Block. day.
He promised before the Engineers of PHE that he is ready to assist them in their work and urged them to seek his assistance if they encounter any problem in the implementation of any scheme within the He explained to those present that he is very concerned about the GSWSS and he wants it to be a success for the benefit of the people, because it is the largest project in Meghalaya and that it is within his constituency.
The 18th Open Badminton Tournament 2020 scheduled to be held this month has been postponed.
Speaking at the International Water Conclave held on 9th June at the Courtyard by Marriott Hotel, Shillong, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday highlighted the importance of technology to manage water and dialogue. states and countries in the world in terms of climate change and the environment.
Speech by the Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh to congratulate the two leaders of the HSPDP, Bah Methodious Dkhar and Bah Shakliar Warjri. Donbok said that these children of Sarong awria won the election by taking the name of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh and by the name of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh. to die for his people.
In addition, Bah Shangpliang expressed his satisfaction that the short film 'Dewlynnong' by Bah Nicholas Kharkongor has been screened at an Indian film festival. .
He said that all these may have happened through the master plans of Paul Leong, who had already prepared the weapons to cause injury which he said was also an attempt to appease the people.
“Jaintia Hills is a producer of many kinds of goods, but without any efforts at this time, the fight against the disease will put pressure on the farmers because the markets are closed and there is no more. exhibitions and trade fairs,” said Pearlet Toi and urged the entrepreneurs to take advantage of the online platform which has been prepared by the omechan to sell their products online.
Why is this happening because Dr. Mukul Sangma is a wise CM who knows all the policies and programs of the government departments and they don't want to share anything because they are afraid. and he slotted them.
Up to 117 drivers of commercial vehicles in 4-Mowkaïaw Constituency have received food items donated by the MLA of the constituency, Nujorki Sungoh.
AT Mondan said that the electricity department does not want to create any problems for the owners of mobile towers who ensure the smooth running of mobile phones.
Therefore, he called for the cooperation of the people so that we can bring about development in all aspects in the future and requested the employers or contractors that when they take over the They should implement the work properly and on time without delay so that the development projects will not be wasted.
The team will prepare for their final match in the group against Kerala on the 10th.
“Many of them have to struggle to move to Shillong and due to the lack of income in the families, most of the youth have to drop out of school part-time,” he said.
At the time of receiving this statement, no trace of these two NSCN members has been received since they escaped.
In fact, FASTOM has requested the Prime Minister to meet with them from the 1st of this month but the Prime Minister's office has not yet responded to them. and thou shalt not sleep in the street.
A source said that Bah Shylla has no intention of contesting the MDC election but he has received strong pressure from the people. Nongkrem Constituency to elect once again in the political arena.
The semi final of the 1st Division EJHDFA will be played on 23/10/2023 at 1 pm between Chiehruphi SYWSC and Khliehriat West FC. Mawkyrwat, March 19: Mawten Sports Club today became the winner of the Super Division MDSA Football Tournament. League 2023 was organized by the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) at the Artificial Turf Stadium, Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that the absence of the Prime Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has angered the youth in the voice of the people of Mawlai in these days they have held a protest only in Mawlai, but if they However, this protest will spread outside Mawlai.
He also encouraged the children who took part in the tournament, the coaches and managers of various teams.
On this day, Mawlai were able to play well from the start.
Hek urged the farmers who have land to start farming fish as this is also an employment opportunity for the people in the rural areas.
Weightlifting is a good sport in the State and his presence will lead these children to their goal, and we really hope that they will reach their goal,” he added.
He said that despite many difficulties faced by the party to organize such games, the party has not hesitated to promote sports activities in the area.
AICC spokesperson Onika Mehrotra has strongly criticized the BJP over the Women's Reservation Bill and said it is just an election ploy to attract women. voters who are women.
The actions of the police, as happened in Thangskai and Shillong, show that the police department is unable to curb even the smallest riots.
“The people of Meghalaya have witnessed that it is not only the MDA-I and 2 Governments that have taken care of the issues arising with the new city.
He also alleged that BJP leaders like Amit Shah came to the state under the leadership of these parties but they did not know that the North East is a country of many ethnic groups and has a unique identity.
He also urged the residents who do not live in Nongmensong but who own land and houses in the village to take part in this day.
KAS has also submitted a petition to the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah in April 2021 requesting his response on this issue.
However, this rynjaiñ is now filled with violence especially against women, children and women as well.
Seven persons, five from Mukroh village and one from Assam have lost their lives in a shooting incident by the Assam Police and Forest Guards on the morning of the 22nd of this month. the moon in the village of Mukroh.
The CM praised the BSF for helping the people especially on the border during the floods to rescue them and also to provide them with emergency food items.
On Saturday, the ADG, accompanied by the IG BSF Meghalaya, visited the Border Outposts (BOPs) along the India-Bangladesh border in South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills Districts. Meghalaya has met face to face with the Field Commanders and sought information on the border patrolling to reduce theft and robbery on the border.
“She has many assets in Sohiong constituency and I will continue her work as I have always said to develop and improve Sohiong constituency,” he said.
Olsen also won the FA Cup in 1985, when Manchester United beat Everton 1-0 in the final at Wembley.
Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that he raise not up Jesus. .
After that, the incident escalated and the group of both the groups clashed with each other until they were seriously injured by throwing nar rods, lyntang and trees around up to three of them. Krishna Thapa of Laittyra and his friend Skhem Syiemiong of Ladriangud, Sohra and Ara Hajong of Ryngku were seriously injured. Bazar was seriously injured.
Prestone said the NPP has done the best for the welfare of the state by giving the example of inviting the HNLC to the peace talks table. .
For this reason, there is nothing in the world that can destroy the sanctity of Lum Shyllong.
Beware of those who come in secret because they are thieves especially when the elections are near,” said the President.
However, the Russian leader reportedly refused to sleep or rest for a while as prescribed by doctors.
At present, the price of dohsniang remains at T.240 per kilo.
“We have seen climate change around the world and in order to solve the problems caused by climate change, there will be discussions to solve these problems, which are caused by human activities, and the mariïang," he said, adding that the solution to the problems caused by natural disasters, ways to improve connectivity in the North East, income generation and environmental harmony by ensuring economic growth are the most important jobs.
“When asked about the ITI, the Deputy Commissioner said that it was in the old office of the DC. ), who have to be admitted to this ITI, if we get this ITI to train young people in various subjects, then from this they can also stand on their own feet to start jobs For example, many young people who try to find jobs in the dewbilat factories in the district, just apply for jobs there. but we hope that if this ITI Center has an office in the district the youth will be able to train themselves and tomorrow one day it will be easier for them in finding jobs, not only in “They will also have the opportunity to set up their own small factories such as workshops and other facilities,” said Bah Suchiang.
It is the last pork not only for Israel but for the whole world.
“We have received the support of scientists, volunteers and people who truly love Meghalaya and the people who want to develop the State”.
What followed was a valuable discussion and the House discussed the words and ideas contained in them, especially the translation into English.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: An elderly man named Rafiqul Islam has died after being shot and stabbed in the head with a sdie. The incident occurred at Pyllun Umroi village in Ri Bhoi District.
Bankerlang Kshiar of OM Roy HSS scored four goals and the best goalkeeper went to Comfort. Kharbani (OM Roy), Best Player to Risjoy Syiemlieh (OM Roy), Promising Player to Daman Babiang Synrem (Mawkhar Christian HSS) and Best Discipline Team to Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School. .
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the Government has received many explanations from various departments on this issue and the Cabinet is considering all these and talks with various groups including The election will be held after the 15th of June.
While other groups of militants have managed to escape through the forest, police sources said that this group is involved in kidnapping incidents from time to time. They are located in the Aradonga and Riangdo areas.
The Chairperson of the Committee also summoned the Chairperson of the State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights.
It depends on your teaching and guidance".
He was taken to Mawkyrwat Hospital and yesterday, he was confirmed positive through RT PCR test.
For Under-14 (boys) which is Sub-Junior, children born before 1st July 2009, Junior Under-17 born before 1st July 2006 and Junior Under-17 (Girls) will be eligible. They were born before 1st July
There can also be no distinction between the Dorbar Shnong under paragraph 3 (g) of the 6th Scheduled and the modern system of governance under paragraph 3 (e) of the 6th Schedule.
“The salary of the teachers is calculated monthly with the approval of the CRC coordinator and it is not the bus fare,” he said.
These statements and allegations from the HPC show that it may not be easy to evacuate the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: A Traveller Van (AS-25AC-2441) driven by Md. Najrul Khan, heading from Shillong to Mustaih, West Jaintia Hills, collided with another vehicle at 10 am today. Hills, along with international athletes to take part in the Terre Madre Festival, crashed at Pommura after the driver lost control of the vehicle.
Rajkiya Construction Corporation Ltd.
For the Group stage, the teams are divided into two pools for four teams.
The rainfall in Sohra in the last 24 hours was 1.2 millimetre, while in Umiam, it was 1.9 millimetre.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Arunachal Pradesh, has urged the supporters of the National People's Party (NPP) in Arunachal Pradesh to support the candidates of the National People's Party (NPP). Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio, along with NPP leaders and MLAs from Nagaland, today decided to The NDPP candidate for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections from the state.
He said that from now on, the Council will take action to discuss the issuance of trading license to foreigners in the border villages and will consider who should be issued and if issued, it will be one of the issues. The land protection scheme through the presence of foreign shops will serve as a milestone to protect the land of Meghalaya.
Residents of India and Bangladesh came out to help the injured BSF soldier.
The two mother and sister obeyed Peter's words. Night came and it was time for them to go to bed.
Jowai, Nailar 21: A 10-year-old girl who works with Kong Dol Dan in Caroline Colony Jowai and went to school at night has been shot dead by Kong Dan until she was injured and had to be taken away. he went to the hospital.
Pynursla, Jymmang 10: The Khnap Thangbru or Kpep was inaugurated at Rangthylliang village today at a cost of T.25 lakh. .
The judges of the competition were Pradip Kurbah, Sweety Pala and Merlvin Mukhim who are prominent filmmakers of the state.
They said that all the 300 persons have returned to Gangtok on the 18th of this month and the army has also provided them with food, accommodation and medicines. and other requirements.
“Many times we see that there is a lack of education from the household, perhaps this happens due to the lack of income, because the Parents leave early in the morning to work and come home late at night and don't have the opportunity to teach and encourage their children to grow up in the right path.
It cannot be said that premature marriage is the cause of fatherless children which also makes those mothers who have children without the opportunity to provide for their children. At the age of 10, they become children who move around the country.
Shillong, June 18: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party will contest in the right way. on the issue of Reservation Policy and also on the Roster System which will not affect any ethnic group in the State.
When Rida didn't tell the doctor, she listened.
“We have handed over the bridge to the contractors to survey and in fact they have already told us that they have found a suitable site to build the new bridge because the site was intended to be built earlier. The Geological Survey of India (GSI) has already made it clear that it will not affect the present bridge if it is built and dynamite is used.
According to the MBOSE announcement, the allowance for students to take the examination in any subject will come into effect from
The kynphad needs a lot of water in the soil and moisture in the air at the time of planting.
In her affidavit, S Megala said, “Tamil Nadu BJP chief K Annamalai has spoken since January, 2022 about his intention to take action against the Minister Tamil Nadu's V Senthil Balaji through the law enforcement agencies of the Central Government.
When we turn to this, we need to understand the passage of time and we should not rely solely on others in terms of the production of agricultural products.
At this meeting with officials from PWD, Forest, Revenue, PHE and MeECL, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the construction of the Nongstoin-Rambrai-Kyrshai road and the Ranikor-Kyrshai road has been discussed. Maheshkhola to Baghmara.
On the other hand, Prestone said that at the time of the BAC meeting, they had already discussed in detail with all the members. five days.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad K Sangma was also re-elected as the National President of the NPP. Speaking to reporters, Conrad K Sangma said the meeting strongly opposes the Citizenship Amendment Bill. The decision will be sent to the Government of India not to pass the Bill in the Rajya Sabha.
The producer of the music video, Kishor Das, said that this is the second music video that Esha Das will release and her first music video is titled 'Never Let You Go. ' which was also played on London FM. With the release of this music video, the public can watch this song on the Youtube Channel called, “Esha Music”.
Earlier, the party had also announced three election manifestos.
Therefore, if people turn and surrender to God by turning from all evil ways, God will heal this country or State Meghalaya from this current disease.
He said that the Prime Minister has suggested how to increase the number of tickets.
On this occasion, the EM said that before going to Phase 2, the Raid ki Hima will pass through the villages under the Council.
“The Seng has nothing to criticize Bah Che who has recently retired from the leadership of the Seng.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The HANM Jaintia Hills District together with the East and West Jaintia National Council today held a march from Malki Square to the Secretariat.
The arrest of NLCN members has risen to 11, including a child under the age of
The working hours are from 8 am to 10 pm.
However, as the days go by, for the sake of selfishness, man himself is destroying and destroying the environment and this has brought about the loss of life for mankind as a whole.
This was announced by Bah P.Shynret, Publicity Secretary Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai.
The District Magistrate has allowed the residents to purchase food items from food shops up to three times a day on Monday, Tuesday and Saturday from 9.00 AM to 12.00 PM. grocery stores and other shops to cooperate with retailers to supply goods to food shops and retailers from Tuesday, Thursday and Thursday West Jaintia Hills District.
In this meeting, the DC informed and promised to take action to meet with the DC of Karbi Anglong and the DIG of Karbi Anglong on the 27th of this month to discuss the incident. in the past few days and also to prevent Assam from invading or invading the state.
The church of God is 117 years old and the church is 95 years old.
He founded the new Hima Jaintia, whose rulers were descendants of the Sutnga dynasty and he was also the first king of the Sutnga dynasty. Jaintia Hills"
You can apply it all over your body but do not apply it to areas where lice, small insects or prunes appear.
I would have been happy instead of going around or talking around and accusing the NPP of misleading on this issue, which I feel is wrong for them (VPP) to do, but the people understand. There is nothing behind this,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Dr Ampareen said it is painful to see that there are up to 5000 people infected with HIV and AIDS and out of these 5000 people, 200 are women. you can die met.
The runners up Innpi won a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and a trophy.
In the next match, Synroplang SC won the season with a thrilling victory despite being in fourth position but beat Kharang SC 5-0 Daniela Mylliemngap scored the first goal for Synroplang in the 31st minute but Ibannika Kharshiing scored two goals in the 41st and 53rd minutes.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India have many unemployed youth who are struggling to find jobs.
The State President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Kong Susuki Pariat strongly condemned the brutal murder of a 45-year-old mother of two children. and thus we have to do what is necessary, as a society, to save and eradicate evil.
As the government has opened all the markets, we also request the government to remove the veil of understanding and allow the Church to carry out its programmes.
He said that another issue that is important is to think carefully because it is the thoughts that make people do if they think good they have done good and also if they are in the environment and people who give them ideas to improve will grow as well as if they have a bad attitude they will do bad.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that 6565 youths from all over India have arrived in Meghalaya so far.
He said the party has decided to expedite the release of candidates for the election by directing all district units to complete this task so that the election can be conducted better.
However, there are many villages that do not have enough water for 10 years.
When asked, he said that all the elected UDP MLAs will be the right candidates to contest the 2023 election.
Police have arrested the suspect and the investigation is ongoing. The body of the woman has been post mortem and handed over to the family members for the rituals.
He said that in the past 75 years, there have been two parties in power, the Congress and the BJP, but they have not done anything to change and develop the country. and if the people allow these parties to come to power again, we will go back to the last 75 years.
After the opening of these development projects, a public meeting was held in the villages in which the Rangbah Shnongs, members of the Village Committees, Women's Organizations, Youth and other elders participated.
Mayra, sleeping in the box, which she had taken for a day, was dressed in white clothes.
Therefore, in the dorbar on the 1st, the MDCs will decide to adjourn the dorbar on the 2nd and 3rd of October and will hold it after the meeting. The announcement of the votes for the MLA election has shocked the people of the state as it will be the day when the people of the state will get a new government for the term of office. for 5 years and the counting of votes will start from the morning of 2nd October
At the time of writing of this news, police have not received any evidence, and they are still investigating the incident to find out the people involved in the incident.
In the first match which started at 11:30 pm between Mawtawar SC and Sohryngkham SC, the match was friendly and interesting and the goals came from both sides. Sohryngkham SC scored the most goals to win the title.
What is happening these days has shocked the people of the world (Globally) and that is the arrival of the disease which scientists call Corona virus or head disease.
If the AITC says it doesn't want to, why does Mamata Banerjee continue for three terms?
Shillong: Indian motorsport star Jaden Pariat, who is also from Meghalaya, has been selected for the selection trials of the Ferrari Driver Academy (FDA).
This made her mother happy that the old house would grow well. After a few months Hiram found that Aitilin was a pleasant person, especially one who spoke clearly.
R.Nongtdu, MPHF told about Fencing Syrti, one of the members of the Rotary Club Jowai.
“Many people claim that the Riewlum parties end only in Khanapara but they don't know what is happening these days where the United Democratic Party (UDP) has become stronger not only in Khasi, Jaintia and Ri Bhoi. The Garo Hills has also begun to suffer.
“On the 5th of Tuesday, a strong storm accompanied by heavy rainfall has hit parts of the state where nine districts have been affected and about 400 households have been affected. She urged the district authorities and the relevant departments to immediately provide relief items such as clothes and other items to these affected families. “We are continuing to deliver relief items including CGI sheets to those families who have been affected,” said Conrad.
According to a source from the Fire and Emergency Service, South West Khasi Hills District, the incident happened on October 13, 2023 at about 10 pm. A 24-year-old student from Jharkhand, who is studying Chemical Engineering at IIM, Guwahati, has drowned in a natural swimming pool at Od-Ringai, Mawten Village, South West. Khasi Hills District and this place is about 2 hours away by foot.
In the constituency led by Dr Baristar Pakem, a coal trader is now leading the constituency,” said Bah Pual. If you read dangle, the state will find it difficult to develop in all aspects.
The West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association ( West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association ) has won three gold, two silver and six bronze medals at the 4th Meghalaya Games
The tournament was led by the head coach of Team Revolution MMA, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh and Ferdinand Suchiang.
“India has been independent for 76 years and Meghalaya has been a full state for 50 years and previous Governments have forgotten the importance of roads.
The markets that have been violated and implemented include Ladrymbai Khliehdupon, Ladrymbai B, Ladrymbai Dongwah and Datsympein, Byndihati, Chiehruphi, Soo Kilo, Umpleng, Lumshnong and Nongjri.
“People, especially women or children, have to wait for a long time, because the drivers don't even want to answer, where they pretend to be the masters of the road,” said Agnes Kharshiing.
Not only that, it is also the first time that an MLA and leader of the BJP party from Meghalaya has gone abroad as a candidate. to Delhi when the BJP has not nominated a single candidate in Meghalaya.
“It is true that there is no medicine in CHCs and PHCs in the state,” said Bah Hek in reply to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Jemino Mawthoh. know that there is no medicine in these clinics.
Besides these constructions, the KHADC has spent T.3 lakh tyngka to build the foundation stone of the Wahumkhrah Cleanliness Project. October, 2012, it was replied that the cleaning of the wahumkhrah has started since 26th June, 2013 and has been cleaned twice.
Speaking as the chief guest, Zenith Sangma expressed the Trinamool Congress' goal for the upcoming elections by saying, “The TMC is a party that has a goal to develop the youth and we will continue to organize many kinds of sports in the days to come.
To curb various crimes, the East Khasi Hills Police have warned to take strict action and arrest any person who enters Lawmali Forest to drink alcohol or drugs.
This young family has had to take all their children to live in the forest and the sad thing is that this child who came from Shillong is in critical condition.
TMC General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee and Derek O'Brien were also taken into custody.
Guwahati, July 13 : Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited, India's leading cement manufacturer and major partner of DBL, has celebrated its 11th Anniversary. in the North East with victory.
Captain Sangma said he is confident that the people and the State Government will continue to put this goal before them despite the different working methods of the political parties in the State.
The renaming of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library Society in Delhi to the Prime Ministers' Museum and Library Society has revived the differences between the BJP and the Congress.
In these days, it is prohibited to travel from one district to another.
Shillong: During the selling season of synsar and tyrpad leaves, Rupang reporter visited the farmers to ask them about the price of synsar and tyrpad leaves. They were asked to buy synsar in the synsar market in Mawiong.
Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice-Chancellor of NEHU congratulated all the teachers, staff and students and all those who have taken part in the achievement of the goal of making NEHU known to the world. other.
He said that the UDP, which won 11 MLAs, has received only 16 percent of the vote.
Therefore, we cannot do or walk as we please or according to our own will.
It is true that the farmers have harvested a lot of their crops such as rice, wheat, riewhadem, jhur, soh-ki pai but when they sell these crops in the market, many farmers of us are not getting a fair price, a price that they will earn based on their efforts.
On this occasion, the students who have excelled in their studies and who have brought fame and glory to the school as a whole were also honoured.
Up to 2,750 tonnes of ammunition were reportedly burnt in one place.
He appealed to the opposition or any political party not to blame the hard work of all the health workers, but the government is listening to all the suggestions for the the welfare of the people in the state.
Shillong: There have been 17 confirmed cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nongthymmai, Dienglieng and Lumkir villages in Mawryngkneng Block.
5) When there is a death, no one is allowed to stay in the funeral home for a long time, so that the rules can be followed. 6) All those who come to the funeral home shall register their names and mobile numbers in the Register prepared by the Committee.
A cultural programme, sports games for children and distribution of snacks to the children by the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS), Ranikor were also held. Jingaiti Secondary School, Nonghyllam came second, Nolikata Higher Secondary School came second and Indira Gandhi Secondary School, East Rangasora came third.
As far as information is available, these cancer survivors have bravely contributed their experiences in this journey to fight cancer so that to encourage other brothers and sisters who are suffering from the same disease.
Mizoram, who tied first, scored 53 runs with Aryan (5/12), Abhishek (3/24) and Bipin (2/6).
Shillong, Naitung 6: The body of Victoria Dayoun Kharkongor, 39, son of Stephan Pyngrope, Nongrimbah, Shillong, has been found dead. There is no police station in Dispur Police Station.
The President of the union said that all the people from the day laborers to the small traders have been affected by the protest by the union against the ILP as it has affected their income and livelihood. their.
From the more fertile soils, only dumasla can be planted from which it is intended to make drinking tobacco.
Shillong: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Martle N Mukhim, in reply to a question by Bah Lamphrang Blah, Leader of the Opposition in the House, said that since KHADC has not received any more schemes under Article
Bamanbha also played well with the ball and took five wickets in six overs to win the Man of the Match title.
The fortified city will disappear from Ephraim, and royal power from Damoscus; theremnant of Aram will be like the glory of Israelites declares the Lord Almighty.
“I hope that I will be able to fulfill this desire of the people for this place which has been used as a COVID Center and also a Quarantine Centre.
The group is led by Biltang as Chairman, a descendant of the late Peter Marak, and another leader is Commander-in-Chief Mathew Marak from Bakrapur, Goalpara district, Assam.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Coming One Ymbon said that the cooperation of the Police Home Guards Volunteers to manage traffic, secure the Legislative Assembly, and assist the Police in many areas has been very successful. be of great benefit.
This shows the corruption of the BJP government to protect the people especially that the Raj Bhavan is the place where the Governor is in charge of the law and order of the country.
“God be with you, my son.
When the seedlings are harvested, they put them in a shallow container, cover this container with a dry plant, and put the newspaper container in the house. for the afternoon.
In a few months, the religious services of the Sein Raij and others will start in Jaintia Hills, then the services of the Christian churches, have disappeared for many months and then the services of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, have disappeared. and it is therefore up to the various religious groups and the State Government to rethink this work of service to God in their own beliefs.
The Rangbah Shnong of Trangblang, Bah AB Pamksang and Rangbah Shnong of Satpator, Bah Wanphai B. Amse, also attended the inspection. contractor, in part and saw on Facebook this and it is true that it is unprecedented to use stones that are not suitable and mixed with the soil. They have been ordered to lodge a complaint immediately with the Executive Engineer PWD Jowai South.
This is necessary, because according to the census, the number of medical facilities has not been provided according to the requirements of the Government.
Shillong, Lber 08: The three parties which have decided to sit in the Opposition have not yet decided who will be the Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
This has not happened until this past month.
No Entry will also be set up at Dawki parking lot to reach the DC Office.
All the states have chosen Option-I. Twenty-eight states have been approved to borrow additional funds up to T.1,06,830 crore (0.50% of GSDP).
In the Veteran Singles category, Amit Gupta of Laban Sports Club Table Tennis Academy defeated Santanu Ghosh 3-1
Roberto Mancini has been appointed as Saudi Arabia's new coach on a fee of more than $25 million a year after controversy surrounding his takeover of Italy earlier this month.
In Riatsamthiah and Wahingdoh areas, the Permanent No Entry Amendment will be implemented at the Christian Academy School for all types of vehicles coming from Wahingdoh and those intending to go to Jaiaw Shyiap.
Many Bollywood stars on social media have wished her a speedy recovery.
The Seng expresses its regret that until now these paradoh parasnam, who are in these areas have suffered many hardships and suffering and until now the schools in this village can only provide education up to Class III and the upper classes have to be sent to distant villages.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday said that the government is trying to ensure that the Shillong Medical College will be fully owned by the government. the state.
Sec School won the tie breaker against Assam Rifle Public School.
According to the Government of India, the British Government has decided to divide the country.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : The Dorbar Lyiur of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday vowed to lodge a complaint with the Ministry of Finance of the Union Government against the State Government for the delay in release of the funds. for projects related to health and sanitation within the Council's jurisdiction.
Khliehriat, Nailar 10: The roads especially the national highway in Ladrymbai, are the places where traffic jams happen every day which causes a lot of trouble to the passengers, but through the collaboration with the leaders and members of the The East Jaintia Hills District Tourist Taxi Association (EJHDTTA) led by Bah Satly Ryngkhlem together with the police of Ladrymbai Outpost have now managed to curb the traffic jam in Ladrymbai.
Nobody has seen, nobody dares to speak, nobody dares to criticize this presence and speech of religious leaders from outside the state. who drink the same wine to the point that they don't understand themselves that they are drunkards or don't recognize others as drunkards and they themselves are not drunkards or shit religion.
Hydrogen is another gas that is very important to man.
He also called upon the people who wish to join this revolution to protect their country so that this struggle will be successful.
About the allegation that politics is unclean and should not be mixed with religion.
This decision was taken after a meeting of the JHTOA, the Dewbilat Factories Union, the East Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Transporters Association (EJHTOTA) and the district administration on Monday.
"We will post these posts across India," said Pathak, AAP leader. Not only AAP leaders, but Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi have posted the same posts on social media. media, where they asked the police to arrest them too.
The Government has renewed the leadership and members of the Committee and appointed Bah Paul Lyngdoh Minister of Urban Affairs as the Chairman of the Regional Committee. Former Chairman of the Regional Committee, Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut, Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoin, Gigur Myrthong MDC Mawshynrut, Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Deputy CEM of KHADC, KP Pangniang, former MLA Jyrnga Ra. Incumbent MLA of Rambrai, Hindro Samakha, former Sordar of Raidmynsaw.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : Two young men have lost their lives after drowning in the Umsawli River.
This was revealed before the Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday while hearing a case regarding the non-payment of pension.
At the same time, the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) will examine the textbooks, shortcomings, requirements, research and other requirements and submit it to the government for consideration before issuing the the final decision on this.
“If the Assam Government does not agree to transfer Block-1 to Meghalaya, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya should not sign any social agreement or MoU,” said the HBDRF. in the name of the villages and the population," the Forum alleged.
Understanding that the department should conduct a clean and safe recruitment for the youth, Bah Lambokstarwell said, “If it continues, the youth instead of using the khulom, can show and other things".
On the other hand, the leaders of these land dealers will sit down to discuss the matter and will meet with the officers of the office to ask for clarification on the summons and after that they will take. I don't know how to do it.
Sherry also urged the residents to join hands and follow the directions and guidelines of the authorities, so that they can avoid the dangers and be affected by the storm.
These weapons include 79 unexploded helicopter rounds, 175 unexploded 7.7 rounds, 10 rounds of ammunition, a double-barreled rifle and about 250 grams of gelatin.
The injured include Bah GK Langrai, 2nd Command of 6th MLP BN, Sub Inspector Meissa M Momin, I Rabha, P Lyngdoh, B Thiate and AD Sangma.
After receiving a tip, the ANTF under the leadership of the Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills together with the Lumshnong Police Station conducted a search operation and seized a Tata Sumo. Silchar Assam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KHNAM State Youth Wing President Thomas Passah said that most of the six buses found by KHNAM are from Silchar.
“The Agia-Nangalbibra Transmission has already supplied electricity to Garo Hills and the generation of electricity has increased,” he said.
Zuckerberg, who owns Facebook and Instagram at Meta, posted Musk's contest and said, “Haei you don't have to lympat"
Shillong: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has urged the Minister of Education, the State Government and the State Government to take action and responsibility for the lack of admission of students in Class Xi. In the Jaintia Hills.
It is said that according to the collection of writings by Rev.Dr.I Kharkongor, there were about 5,500 Khasi tribes and they were the ones who made the Khasi people and the greatest country in this country. we.
Otherwise, we will lose hope and we will lose hope and there, the responsibility will be yours.
Before the start of the casting of ballot papers, the participants took an oath before casting their votes.
The court, after listening carefully to the explanations from all sides, dismissed the complaint, as there was no truth in it.
It is to be recalled that the HANM Women Wing, together with the residents of 25 villages in the Umtyrnga area, in 2015, held a 10-month strike in Umtyrnga. The government through the PWD department has allocated up to T.4.5 crore to clean up the road.
Shillong, July 21: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) has called upon all the Rangbah Shnongs, Village Leaders, Syiems, Ministers, Youths and Volunteers who are the children of the Bri U Hynniewtrep, to The meeting was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar on the 24th July 2015 at 11:00 pm to discuss the issue of the forced removal of the powers of Rangbah Shnong. The CEM of KHADC has been summoned to appear in court.
“This Act shows a lack of knowledge especially in view of the problems faced by the North Eastern States and not brought by this Central Government,” he said.
He also urged the parents to be the people who know the family, the children; should not be involved in alcoholic beverages that affect society.
It is for this reason that in the past months we have witnessed and will see again in the coming months, the party joining of the fighters who are fighting for the Rongïapan. get tickets to compete in
The Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that a letter has been sent to the District Administration to request for the postmortem at the scene. The Executive Magistrate and doctors arrived at the scene and after investigating the body, no signs of injury were found and the Executive Magistrate ordered the body to be taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem. postmortem examination.
“It is interesting to know that Bah Stai has not waited for the KHADC or the government to support but has started to improve and beautify this place which is already beautiful,” he said.
The MPL&FA is open to all players to take part in this tournament and for more information please call
Therefore, regarding these accidents which have also caused the loss of lives, the police are conducting investigation.
He said that the Benami Transaction Act, 1980 and the Regulation of Trading by Non Tribal Authorities (1954) have been passed. the laws prohibited corruption.
Paul said that there are already no names to be elected as Chairperson but a decision has not yet been taken.
In this case, there were 7 EVMs in Khasi Hills and 6 EVMs in Jaintia Hills and these machines were replaced immediately.
Nine citizens, four of whom have tested positive for covid-19 in Rilbong; One of them is a high risk contact of a policeman from Mawiong, one is a high risk contact of a patient at the Meghalaya Institute of Mental Health and Neurological Science and three are from Assam.
In the second quarter final, Ladrymbai B.SC beat R. Synrang Shahkhain SC 3-2 goals. Dasukwame Dkhar scored in the 35th minute, Andreas Lyngdoh in the 49th minute from the penalty spot and Salo Siangshai in the 68th minute.
He said this by giving an example of the election of ministers in the kingdoms where there are many families, and the need for ministers is not available. from irregularities in the administration of the Council and to avoid wrong decisions".
Out of the 106 candidates, 66 candidates will contest in constituencies where the party has not won in the last three Assembly elections and which have been ruled by the Bharatiya Janata Party.
This was announced by the MLA of Mawlai constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to postpone the Monolith Festival scheduled to be held on 22, 23 and 24 June to 7, 8 and 9 October.
“The students of Class XII of St. Edmund's College helped to hide the child in the outdoor room of the college,” the report said.
That is why Isaiah the man of God calls Judah (Israel) to repentance from all the sins they have committed.
I'm going to write a drama.
The bank is located inside the office of the BDO, Saipung and near the bank there is a dense forest.
Besides many other arrangements, the KHCF has also prepared hundreds of guards for the festival to ensure that no smoking is allowed in public places except in the designated areas. Smoking Zones will be provided in the remote areas of Tynrai.
Winestjun Dohling scored the second goal in the 17th minute.
Ronaldinho, the world's most famous football star, has fallen into poverty and the court has banned him from selling 57 houses and properties he owns. and the reason was because he couldn’t pay the debt.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has also joined in the controversy over India's defeat in the World Cup.
The Secretariat will be located at the Main Secretariat and the decision will be taken tomorrow at Madan Malki.
“Where has the money allocated for the Sanctioned Posts been spent? Has money been spent on unnecessary festivals to benefit some or on unnecessary programs? Shillong, Nailur 23: UDP Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar on Tuesday said that the UDP has been working hard to improve the quality of life in the country. It will continue to oppose the government's plan to open casinos in Meghalaya.
Therefore, the Syiems of Hima Sutnga or Jaintia Hills were entitled to be re-elected as righteous, to protect the rights of the people of Hynniewtrep Ynñiawwasa.
According to the Minister's reply, 146 posts have been allocated for teaching, out of which 62 posts are vacant.
Gymnastic: The all round champions of the 5th Meghalaya Games held in Tura were from Gymnastics. In the men's category, Mebantei Lyngdoh Marshillong won the title and in the women's category, Wansuk Merry Susngi won the title. bring the name to the rank of senior.
The order has also banned the movement of all types of vehicles within the district.
At the same time, the Commissioner hopes that such incidents should not happen again and hopes that Manipur will regain peace and stability.
Goa vs Mizoram.
Stanislav Lobotka scored another goal for Slovakia but it was too late for Portugal to win.
THUNGPOR Cold area – March to April Cold area – June to NovemberIn cold areas, although lajan can be cultivated all year round, the yield in the rainy months is lower than in other months.
However, when he arrived at MSP, he was arrested by the Joint Terrorism Task Force of the FBI. ISIS and also found his conversations through an app used by the group to communicate with people involved with it.
Nongpoh: The Tobacco Control Programme, through the Enforcement Squad, today conducted an Enforcement Drive or inspection of the cigarette shops in Nongpoh. The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) does not apply to any person who owns a cigarette shop.
Speaker of the KHADC Teilinia Thangkhiew, Second Speaker Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDCs Grace Mary Kharpuri, James Ban Basaiawmoit, KHADC MDCs including Jansing Tynsong, Donevan Kharwanlang, and others including Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor, District Council Court Judge and other dignitaries.
" There is no shisha in the end.
He said that he is ready to allow the ARPA to lead the protest if necessary in the coming days to demand the repeal of the VAB rules by the PDF. Shillong, July 8: The Inspectors General BSF and Region Commanders, BGB have started their four-day meeting from today and will end on July
He urged the government officials to provide a strong relationship and work for the small and medium enterprises for the development of Meghalaya.
Nongstoin, Naitung 19: A mother named Evangeline Kharbuli, 39, of Mawlai Kynton Massar, has confessed to being a Sub Inspector of Police. The suspect has been arrested by the West Khasi Hills District Police.
Therefore, as students, we should always work hard in our studies so that we can progress from one level to another because education also provides us with a lot of new information.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram 1-0 in the plate group match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy in Dehradun on Saturday.
According to Bah Lambor, a report has been prepared on the site and will be completed within 10 months before any further action is taken.
As one of the teachers who received this award at the celebration of Shiksha Sammam this year, she said that being a teacher is the best and most enjoyable job because through this job one can participate and provide services and shape the future of students.
Thousands of families have been affected by the curfew imposed by the central and state governments to prevent the spread of Covid-1
The BJP has also promised to launch the Silverine Swer Academic Excellence Scheme under which the government will provide smartphones to students who have completed Class
Shillong, October 10: “I don't even have a gun, how can I shoot him?” said Sengam N Marak, MLA from Rongjeng Constituency, East Garo Hills.
The total number of cases has now reached 555 and in East Khasi Hills, 460 cases, including 272 BSF personnel, 165 others and 23 soldiers.
Where can they be happy if they spend money and produce money every day while the money that doesn't come to them doesn't earn money from the goods that produce money or earn money? money to them.
There are those who are called “Lyngdoh Lynshiang” Langchiang, Longshiang, Langshiang, Lynshing, Lyngshiang and so on.
Rupang also spoke to Bah Hamlet Dohling, UDP youth leader who is also a youth from the village who has held the post of General Secretary of the KSU. The UDP has also written to the army from time to time, “We have written to R.Pan, Colonel of the army, and he has said that he will inform us in writing. to open a playground and a children's football ground,” said Bah Hamlet Dohling.
“It is painful to see that the kseh trees have fallen from the smallest to the largest,” said the statement from the CSWO. The leader to protect against such illegal activities has done it for his own benefit.
In the 60 kg category, Revelbornstar Snaitang came first, Banshanlang Terang came second and Donnam Kharkongor came third.
In the first match of the tournament, OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School beat Jaiaw Presbyterian School 6-1 goals.
The election ceremony was over, and the government elections began again.
“We have tried to win many seats but we respect the decision of the people”.
Many meetings have been held for the President's visit to the state.
He said that the NPP's ignoring of the rules of law makes him wonder whether there are two kinds of laws for the people and the NPP.
Pakistani Railways Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed today said a major war between Pakistan and India will break out in April or November by India Today.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 8: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, on Tuesday said that the reason for the inability to improve the road from Weiloi to Mawkyrwat is because the Development Department of Meghalaya has not been able to improve the road. The North East Region (DONER) of the Union Government has canceled the road construction schemes proposed by the State Government.
On the 1st of July, police had arrested a member of the party, Hamid Marak from Khoripara near Bajengdoba, North Garo Hills.
These Ministers promised to create assistance for the improvement of the market and also promised to take action on many of the issues raised in the petition. according to the needs of the farmers in Ri Bhoi.
From these discoveries of scholars it has been confirmed that the Dravidian peoples were the founders of the Indus Valley Civilization.
However, they have to accept and strengthen their longkur ka longjait as it belongs to us as a nation,” he said.
The cities of Aroer are laid waste, so that no one makes them afraid.
Tourism Minister Rohan Khaunte, MLA from Porvorim, also demanded an inquiry into the illegal ownership of land and property. He said that in this regard, he will discuss with the Prime Minister.
And when it comes to this age, I don't want to talk or judge anyone because many of us have witnessed with our own eyes the dress code of this age, of course not all of us are like that but there are many more. who have been against the Khasi customs and traditions in their dress code.
The Sixth Schedule stands for the right to protect the land, customs and culture of minorities.
Both the teams tried to play strongly from the start, but could not score until the end of the first half.
The office bearers are Jhanika Siangshai, President, Khmihbha Phawa, Vice President, Evergreen Shylla, General Secretary and other office bearers and 25 Executive Members.
The silver medal winners were Inlumlang Skhemiew, Rebekah Nongspung, Bhawan L Mawphlang, Davyson Kharkongor (bronze), Kmenlang Shabong and Nangkitbok Phira.
Therefore, it can be said that such events happen within the knowledge of God which no one can stop because it will be a time of wonder and sorrow for the world in which man can do nothing but It is only to wait and wonder at such a time that will happen around the world through global warming.
According to him, the party in the state has done its homework before taking this decision.
There are 687 confirmed cases, of which 429 are from East Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Khasi Hills, 2 cases from South West Khasi Hills. 114 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 8 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 48 ​​cases from West Garo Hills, 16 cases from South West Garo Hills, 7 cases from South Garo Hills, 12 cases from East Garo Hills and 5 cases from North Garo Hills.
The damage caused by this incident will be in the millions.
As a family we would like to express our gratitude to: CHC Khliehriat, doctors, nurses and staff as well as the staff of
The Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday met with the leaders of the team shooting range at Polo to discuss the issue. in terms of government revenue collection.
Speaking to media on Monday, Disparsing said that the RTI report he received was the one he had requested twice and the first report was received by him. 4th July 2022 and the second report through RTI which he requested was received on 28th July
Dawnihi Shylla scored the goals for FAM in the 2nd minute and Dachanmitre Dkhar in the 15th and 55th minutes.
The Minister said Rehman has been highly praised for her roles in Hindi films, most notably Pyaasa, Kaagaz Ke Phool, Chaudhavi Ka Chand, Saheb Biwi Aur Ghulam, Guide, Khamoshi and many others. other other.
Tura MDC from the BJP, Bernard N Marak has said that the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma should talk to the Central Government on the expedited issuance of scholarships from the Ministry of Education. part of the students.
Meanwhile, the Officiating Deputy Director General Recruitment (NE States) Colonel Tarun Kumar said that the recruitment has been conducted in the state for the past three years.
In places where the road has to pass along the rivers and streams, it is necessary to cut and shniah the stones to build bridges and bridges because at that time there were no dynamite to blow up the stones, everything was done by force. also.
According to Sangma, the MC has allegedly re-formed the school managing committee without convening any meeting with the school officials.
He said that SSA schools in Meghalaya are run by various groups and the party wants the SSA schools to be taken over by the government.
The FKJGP has launched a campaign against the District Council and the EM Trade after the FKJGP today went to conduct an inspection of Trading License and Labor License at factories in Umiam area. During the inspection, the union found that almost all the factories in the area have not been able to provide the necessary documents such as trading license and labor license required from the District Council. They should not open until they have provided the necessary documents.
Ampareen's remarks came after the MLA elections in Delhi, in which the AAP won again.
“If I win, the people will elect me because if I win, I am willing to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) if it is brought to Parliament,” he said.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, wife of Abhishek Bachchan, Aaradhya Bachchan, daughter of Abhishek Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan, wife of Amitabh Bachchan, have confirmed that they will not Don't worry about the coronavirus.
All the patients at these two places received the medicines free of charge and these medicines were provided by the office of the DM&HO West Jaintia Hills District.
“Police have gone back to the scene to collect the tar,” said the SP. Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident. and they did not believe his words.
As soon as we arrived at this place, we were surprised to find that besides other famous tourist attractions in Sohra, there is another place which is different and more surprising which many tourists have never visited. tip and this place may also be the place to attract the most tourists from all over the world who come to visit Sohra.
He also said that regarding the construction of cinemas, the government is ready to provide loans to any group or individual who wishes to build these cinemas.
We are grateful that these men were able to show by their actions that they were truly brave and had a spirit of struggle.
On 19th July 2018, they sent a petition to the Chief Minister to ask for his assistance on the problems faced by these residents.
The two wrestlers who will represent the country in Turkey include Everson Thangkhiew and Hubert Paliar who are also winners of the National Arm Wrestling Championship.
However, in the midst of these preparations, it was noticed that the construction of the Pandal for the seating of the chiefs, pastors, elders, priests and other dignitaries has started for more than 10 months.
This country is different from them, because the law respects all religions and customs and traditions become a strength for the country.
And now I have returned to the place that paved the way for my career in the ISL. I feel that I am not far from this club.
These factors have been found to be associated with other viruses in the same family or corona viruses in the environment," AFP reported. The Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory, which has been trained in the study of different corona viruses since 2000, has not yet been identified. firm truth can be obtained.
“The Congress party in Ri-Lum Jaintia wants to make it clear to the people that the party still has a strong foundation through the good deeds it has done in the past. “The present government has been hostile to the people,” said Parien, urging the people to give their full support to the Congress Party in the upcoming elections so that it can provide services. the best for the whole state.
Nangkiew's first goal in the first half surprised the opposition after Mawlai's defenders didn't do anything and Felix scored the first goal of the match. He took the opportunity to score the first goal of the match through Lambhamiki Lamare.
In the announcement, it is also prohibited to park or stay overnight in the village, to ride a bike or to ride a bike in the village, to go to the cemetery in the middle of the night or to commit any act against the community. .
Earlier, more than 200 members and leaders of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) and residents of Khanduli village had turned to the DC after a march from Wah Gate, Iawmusiang to A short meeting was held in front of the gate of JHADC. Speeches were delivered by Waheh Shnong Khanduli Yooshida Nongspung, Chairman Shnong Khanduli N. Challam, Kong Darapbiang Mulieh, Pyrkhat Pyrphet, Working. The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli Yooshida Nongspung said that the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns the CEM JHADC and the MDCs for not taking action to discuss the issue of Khanduli. KAAC to set up a revenue collection gate to the Meghalaya border.
The floods in Assam worsened on Tuesday with nearly 1.2 lakh people severely affected in all 10 districts, the source said.
India has designated Nijjar as a terrorist since 2020 when his terrorist plot was discovered within Indian borders that year.
In this regard, this writer visited Mawpon.
Earlier, the office launched the program through a rally attended by school children carrying placards containing messages on TB and prevention measures in the community.
He said that where there are no Tow Committees, the KHADC will implement its Building Act.
The Supreme Court has appointed three members of the team to assess the damage for the purpose of providing relief and assistance including the provision of temporary shelter to the refugees, reconstruction of their damaged houses and others in Manipur.
The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills District, as part of the celebration of the 151st birth anniversary of Mahtma Gandhi, has decided to hold a one-day program starting from the 2nd of this month. will end on the 9th of this month.
At this recent meeting, NEHUTA has elected new office bearers.
Shillong: A large number of faithful from all over the state today flocked to the Cathedral to pay their last respects to Archbishop Dominic Jala.
May this message I have written to you be a wake-up call to you to surprise mankind by renewing your worship of God so that we may regain our strength and God's favor.
Members of the AAPSU claimed that in collaboration with the state police, they have been able to evict 1,000 people who do not have ILP cards and they have been expelled from Itanagar.
Musahary is a former judge of the Gwahati High Court and the state government is still electing the chairman of the Lokayukta, while its members are still unknown.
It is a stem about 2 inches or less in diameter, strongly stemmed and stemmed.
“First there were two youths from my house who came and walked through the house of the Waheh Shnong and while they were walking there were some people standing there. In the darkness of the place where they were talking sih and tim sih, then my family members said that you should not tim sih inside the village and immediately those people surrounded and shot them. , after this those who were shot called me and I was afraid that something might happen I came quickly to the place, and when I arrived there was a crowd to shoot those in my house, but I was surprised to see that the Waheh Shnong, Miki Lyngdoh, Secretary and VDPs were present but they didn't say anything.
Earlier, there was talk in the KHADC to appoint the defeated Congress candidate from Nongstoin, Dr Adviser Pariong, but this has ended and the post has been postponed.
-God is still pouring out upon us blessings that cannot be counted like rain to nourish the soil, trees supply, soil resources, agriculture, livestock, wildlife, wind , the day...3) THE ENVIRONMENT:-Read Exodus chapters 7 to
At the same time, some of the instructions or measures to be taken in case of heavy rainfall are to follow the instructions regarding the way of driving, if there is a vehicle, to avoid to avoid going to places that are flooded and flooded, to avoid living in places that are flooded, to build wells in the fields before the rain.
New Delhi: The coronavirus has spread to many parts of India and in Delhi alone, 2,889 new cases have been confirmed today. in Delhi, the number of cases has risen to 83,000 and the death toll to 2,6
Besides the officials, NEC Secretary Ram Muivah was also present to condole the death.
They did not take the permission or NOC from the KHADC. Bah Shylla said that if the Government does not stop the signboard, it would be better to abolish the District Council.
IEH IANGA MARWEI:- Adults have a great responsibility to take care of children, responsibilities that children do not really understand.
“Many issues, many questions, what is CAA, what is UCC and other bills passed in Delhi are against our will,” said Bah Pala. The CAA has been passed in Parliament for three years but has not been implemented. The CAA was previously a CAB which was sent to the President of India and if passed by the President tomorrow it will become a Bill into an Act. others which have severely affected the free will of the citizens of India,” said Ma Pala.
On receiving information about the incident, the police immediately called the fire brigade to extinguish the fire.
Speaking to media, Bah Samuel Marwein, Secretary of Umiam Village Council, said that the reason why the elders and members of the Executive Committee of Umiam Village Council, have decided to protest against the Bah Twinkle Buhphang, has worked alone and without respecting the people of the village and also the members of the Executive Committee.
“In the past, the Sengbhalang groups were strongly opposed to foreigners to work or run the farms and wanted the villagers to run themselves but now they have turned into a jutang and called for talks only with foreigners to meet and resolve the issue. “I don't know what's behind their meeting,” said Bah Mawiong.
Even in the face of poverty and hardship, the Production Manager, Bah Ioannis Shyllang, together with his volunteers like Bah Shining Pala and Barikupar Warjri, Peter Syiemlieh, worked tirelessly.
On the mawramrong Marwei u khih money, 'Where is my friend?, Who follows me?'
The union leaders on that day also found out that the ambulance on the ground floor of the hospital was covered with snow and ice.
At the same time, it will reduce the income of the villagers of the State.
Because the design of the building is perfect and strong enough to withstand a strong earthquake,” said Lamphang.
Shillong, March 8: The Casual Employees of MeECL, Shillong, after holding a strike yesterday, demanded that the MeECL should inform them when the MeECL will resume work. Increase their salary which is currently T.100 (un skilled) per day for the unskilled and T.140 per day for the skilled.
Furthermore, it was learned that students can write this examination only in the following year of the examination if they fail or have low marks.
This is in addition to the recently approved Nutrient Based Subsidy of T.38,000 crore for the Kharif season in 2023-2
On the 22nd of June, the song “Ha kti jongme Trai” sung by Bah Lamdame Changpliang, from Pynursla Village and resident of Jowai, will be released.
I have never heard of those loyal members of it coming forward in various examinations.
“25-30 patients come every day,” said Donbor Malngiang, one of the herbalists who is also a member of the Jaintia Indigenous Medicine Association (JIMA). HC Pakyntein is the President.
“The Government has already approved that once the new building is completed, we will consider providing these courses,” he said. education departments".
Tura, Jymmang 28 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government will soon set up Mini Secretariats in Tura and Jowai and after that in all the district headquarters and perhaps even in the district headquarters. The purpose is to put all the offices together in one place to make it easier for the people when they go to various government offices.
These new leaders of the KSU for the term of office from 2022 to 2025 were also confirmed and sworn in by the KSU Senior Leader, Samla Lambok Star Marngarbad in the presence of the leaders. They included the Vice President of the KSU, Samla Biangbor Paliar, Assistant General Secretary, Samla Eric Nongkynrih, President Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni and other leaders. Rangbah Shnong of Umïam, Bah E Ïaphniaw and others.
Referring to the large number of tourists in Nokrek, the Minister directed the Government Departments to work together and introduce measures to ensure that this place will be free from garbage, plastic and overpaid. .
Sudokwon, South Korea.
Shillong: The Tourism Promoters Trekking Society (TPTS) Wahkhen has announced that it will close down tourists to Mawryngkhang due to the outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the world.
It is to be recalled that Margareth Pathaw from Umsning won the gold medal in the 60 kg left hand category. Margareth has won a silver medal in the Masters category in the upcoming Masters tournament. that she was able to defeat one of the Canadian athletes.
However, on the schedule of the Expert Committee, the Chairperson said that there was no schedule or date for the Expert Committee. which the Government will look into.
However, the MPSC has posted a notice on its website on 21st July that it has suspended the examination and will hold it again on 27th July.
You will get a man like me who has a vision where others will have such a view of you.
Besides not being able to fill the 40% quota, they demand the Roster System to prevent the youth of Hynniewtrep from getting jobs and studying medical. Engineering and other lines of study.
“O ye of little faith” when the sea was rough they were afraid (Mt.8:23). Many of them were like the foolish virgins when the Lord came and began to look for oil.
The HNLC said that the police's report that the member has escaped and surrendered to the police is only a ploy to create division among the members of the party.
Nongrum was accompanied by Dkhar, Metbah Lyngdoh, Rona Khymdeit and Hadrian Lyngdoh, KP Pangniang, Latiplang Kharkongor and Nongshken MDC Grace Mary Kharpuri.
Because we cannot deceive the wise foreigners.
On this occasion, a brief history of the history of the village was read by Bah Bhalad Mukhim, who is one of the former village leaders of the village. Many of the services of the leaders who have lived their lives for the development of this village have grown in all aspects.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar, 24: The Government Employees of South West Khasi Hills District today beat the Pastors of Mawkyrwat Zone 3-1 goals. Presbytery in the Charity Football Friendly Match organized by the Pastors' Association of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir.
PU Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of Mizoram was also present as the chief guest along with other dignitaries.
Shillong: There have been 18 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 13 cases from East Khasi Hills and 5 cases from West Jaintia Hills. from East Khasi Hills, and one from West Jaintia Hills.
“The Minister's statement that once the land is allocated to the vendors, this road will be closed to pass through this road. They went to these hospitals because they couldn't walk.
The report also said that the results for the June 2023 title were also from their November resolution, in which the two players won. They have been able to achieve their goal of victory so far this year after being able to play well from their own team whether in many or few overs as well.
He congratulated the founders of this school who have worked hard and dedicated themselves for the past 20 years.
Shillong, November 14: The Congress party has invited applications for the mid-term MDC elections in KHADC. on the 11th of this month.
“I appeal to you to fight to protect the rights of the indigenous people by showing your actions for the sake of upholding the rights and truth of the Constitution of India,” Marak said.
He said that the union will continue to monitor this issue until the illegal kilo cut by the traders from the farmers who sell their products in the market is completely eliminated.
“This issue is very serious,” said Prof Shukla.
The building was closed while the incident occurred.
Tathagata Roy has been on indefinite leave since 16th November 2019 and has been replaced by RN Ravi, who is also the Governor of Nagaland, as the Interim Governor of Meghalaya.
Mawsynram, Nailar, 09: Thousands of supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Mawsynram Constituency on Tuesday attended the meeting to confirm the office bearers of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Mawsynram Constituency. The meeting was held at the Seng Khasi Hall Dongneng, Mawsynram.
The new price will come into force from 1 st June (July),
Therefore, the relevant topics for Secondary and Higher Secondary students are:- (1) H.Elias the patriot, (2) H.Elias the poet of nature, (3) H.Elias the poet of nature. bad in Khasi culture.
He handed over the computer and printer to the village leaders in a short meeting in the presence of members of the executive committee, Waheh Shnong Hamewan Laloo, village councilors including Ma Chibor Najiar, Ma Lammat Laloo and others. .
“We surrender to God that we will be able to defeat them with the power of God's help,” said Tb.
In the first innings, Aryan Borah took four wickets for 34 runs in 16 overs.
Those who apply in the right way will sit back in the Executive Committee to decide whether or not to approve,” said Bah Pyniaid.
That Committee should not be appointed for tens of months and years because it is not too difficult to resolve the census once every 10 years.
" said Lydia's father. All four of them worked hard until it became dark in the sky, and then they left the mountain.
However, his friend Rajesh Tati, who scored 11 runs, helped the team to score 56 runs before being stumped by Wallam John L Kynshi.
Bajrang, Sakshi and Vinesh Phogat were among those who demanded punishment for WFI chief Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh on charges of child abuse. female.
She promised that Shillong College will continue to upgrade the library with new technologies, so that it will become a place of learning for all.
Therefore, those who have been in close contact with the person who has been infected with COVID-19 have been sent to quarantine and will be tested by the health workers to prevent the spread of the virus.
In a statement issued to Rupang today, the President of the Seng Khasi Mylliem, Bah Arwel Rynjah, said that the talks have reached a peaceful conclusion. Therefore, I would like to ask both sides to ensure that there will be no more doubt or doubt about what has happened and from now on there will be no more such problems.
“We will raise the flags in front of the garbage dumps so that the whole world can see and the whole country can see as well. MDA government in Jowai has failed. Edystone Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, said that this is the voice of the people and the voice of the entire Jaintia Hills to protest against the provision of a fully functional garbage dump.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the participants of various programs organized by the Seng Samla during the day.
He also expressed the need for the participation of the residents to enable the relevant departments to eradicate TB from the State and the country as a whole.
The JSU also demanded that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek should take action on the issue of the 108 employees and should no longer listen to the reasons given by the GVK EMRI. The state government has to suspend the company immediately without delay because it has violated the decision of the state health department.
The Act of the Government of England has put forward the provision to protect its treasury.
“On the part of the government, we are pleased with the appointment of this committee headed by a retired judge.
“The party appeals to all those who took part in the protest to refrain from taking any steps that violate the peace and order.
He said that the lifting of the ban on the use of fertilizers is only for the affected villages but not for the whole state.
At the meeting, Sanbor Shullai MLA from 19th South Shillong constituency has sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressing his concern over the approval of the Citizenship by the BJP-led NDA government. He also sent a copy of the Amendment Bill, 2016 to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The Government will meet once again to review this issue before taking any further action.
NEHUSU leaders admitted that after investigation, it was the Education Cell of the RSS. Police who visited the school did not find any more people carrying weapons. monitor the situation within the university to prevent any conflicts that may arise at any time.
The essence of righteousness is that we are all equal before God, before man.
“We have made it clear at the meeting after the issuance of the Circular on the Act, if any bank continues to reject the Loan Application and does not recognize the land titles issued by the Council, we will take the necessary action under the Non-Tribal Regulation Act, and to shut down such banks,” he said.
On this occasion, Dr.M.Mawrie, District Medical & Health Officer, Ri Bhoi District, has expressed his deep sorrow over this incident which has caused a lot of shock and danger to the employees of the district. At the same time, Bah Kerbok Mallai, Leader of the RBYDSO, said that the RBYDSO strongly requests the police authorities to take action against the suspect. who was involved in this crime and shall not be punished severely.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that it is not appropriate to stop the sale of rice in Meghalaya as the price of rice in Assam has increased.
However, if there is no problem with the border and if it does not affect the land, their demand for Garoland State does not affect ei ei.
Meanwhile, vehicles carrying goods and vehicles carrying excessive goods will be allowed to pass before 8 pm or 8 pm.
The tournament will end on the 10th of this month.
If the NDA continues to come to Delhi, the Congress in Meghalaya will join the NPP and form a government of only the NPP and BJP in Meghalaya.
“However, as of now, we don't know whether the AITC MLAs will join,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Santa Mary Shylla congratulated the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills Abhilash Baranwal, IAS for taking the initiative to start these factories.
Mt.1:23 'Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel'. 740 years passed after Isaiah prophesied that Jesus would be born.
We have built 1,70,000 Health and Wellness Centers across the country.
The tree was decorated and decorated with bright colors, and it stood as a symbol of hope and unity for the coming festive season.
Nongpoh, July 17: St. Paul's Higher Secondary School Nongpoh has received a Work Order of T.29,42,880/- for the purchase of a school bus funded by the Chief Minister. Special Development Fund.
It is estimated that the total loss of property will reach more than Rs 2 lakh including household items such as clothes, knives and others.
For me personally, it is better for the Khasi-Jaintia to become Christians (this does not mean individuals who accept Hinduism), than for them to be converted to Hinduism.
At the same time, the CEM said that he will soon convene a working meeting with all the departments to improve the work of the Council.
“I have contracted Covid-19, I have gone to the hospital, the hospital has informed the government authorities.
However, he said that only the President of the party knows better about the candidates from Meghalaya as he is in charge of the preparations for the election and also the candidates who will contest the MP Jowai election. , Jymmang 08: Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, today arrived in Jaintia Hills District today. in two constituencies, 1-Nartiang and 2-Jowai.
One of the Hollywood film companies, Warner Bros., has celebrated its 100th anniversary. The company, founded in 1923 by the brothers, has produced hundreds of films. beautifully in recent years.
“Ted has spoken rudely to my daughter, who is also a lawyer, and has also hit her head on the head of her husband, Bah Oristar,” said Venetta Kharsyntiew. Jala and also gave two kura to the fish.
The Under Secretary General Administration Department of Meghalaya, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that as last year, the campaign through 'Har Ghar Tiranga' to encourage the people to celebrate the Independence Day of the country will start from 13 to 15 January 2023.
They say the church has nothing to do with the government.
“All the deceased were trapped in the collapse of the house,” said neighbors who witnessed the incident.
Through this order, foreigners are banned from entering these places, said a statement from the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
Police are investigating the incident.
Emma Millar, Daniel's wife, gave birth to a daughter, Remi Frances Millar, last month.
Wasa Utd are in the top position with 15 points.
“In developed countries, rulers and candidates don't have to go to the people to canvas but the people just watch and listen to judge the knowledge and skills of the leaders through the debate. shown on TV or in the media.
Myrthong is in the group along with seven climbers including David Zohmanggaiha from Mizoram, Kazi Sherpa from Sikkim, N Chingkheinganba from Manipur, Tarun Saikia from Assam and Anshu Jamsenpa from Arunachal Pradesh.
The purchase of 25 Ambulances from the CMRF for use within the 108 and the receipt of 25 Ambulances from the NHRM has brought the total number of new Ambulances in the state to
SHILLONG : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District has visited Diengjalong, Sankilo and Sohdiengngam villages on the 9th of this month and found that there are three coal mining factories which have started operating. without permission.
I Love You Talang, Marsanki Tariang, Lodestar Tang and Shidorki Dkhar were shot dead by the mob the following day in the forest on the border of Muthlong and Shangpung villages.
The operation and maintenance or repair of the village will be handled by the Village Water and Sanitation Committee.
The ancient historian Josephus reveals the difference of opinion between the Sadducees and the Pharisees on this subject.
No entry is allowed from Sadar Thana Junction to Alpine Hotel or Police Bazaar and vehicles from Umsohsun Junction to Dreamland and Police Bazaar Road.
The CPI has urged the DC to take action on this issue which will affect the people especially the poor.
We will firmly oppose any attempt to bring about a temporary peace that could jeopardize our presence in the country and the right to self-determination.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Police this evening have arrested a GNLA member involved in the kidnapping of the BDO of Chokpot last month.
Almost every day this road has been affected by traffic jam which has affected for many hours the traffic from Shillong, Jowai and other states of Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
We cannot forget the contribution of Percylinda Marak, who is the only female leader.
Officials have immediately denied reports that authorities have tried to bring the 2026 Commonwealth Games to Ahmedabad after Australia suddenly withdrew from hosting the tournament. for unavoidable reasons.
Paris: French scientist Luc Montagnier, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in 2008, told the media that the COVID-19 virus was created in a laboratory. about drugs, bacteria etc.).
T.3,000 per month will be paid to these children, who are in the care of their families, until they reach the age of
Police are investigating the incident and to arrest the suspect.
Shillong, March 3: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) West Khasi Hills District today announced a protest against the DC's inability to lift the MPDA charges against the President of HANM West. Arful Kharbani - Khasi Hills.
From Assam, these Bangladeshis migrate to other North Eastern states like Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Meghalaya in search of jobs.
“Mr. Bora, please know that Droupadi Murmu is a tribal, who has been elected as the President of the country, who has been proposed and supported by the BJP,” said the BJP Meghalaya State Unit in a statement. not sent to the media.
If the government does not listen or act unfairly, it is necessary for the Court to challenge other rights that teachers should receive as a reward for their rightful service to educate the youth. read until they have learned at various levels.
According to the Act, the investigation into rape cases should be completed within two months.
The residents of Bakur village are concerned that despite the confusion in the village regarding the khadar village administration and despite the complaints to the District Council regarding the certificate of the Wahehshnong, it has been more than 9 months. However, until now, no dorbarshnong has been held which is also against the provisions of the JHADC Act
Incidents of collisions between scooties and bikes against pedestrians have happened frequently and many people have lost their lives untimely.
These include 13 rivers in East Khasi Hills including Umtyrkhang River in Lyngkhoi, Synrem River in Mawpran, Umlangmar River in Mawspong, Thwei Lyngksiar, Umkhat River in Myllat, Mawlein, Umkhat River in Myllat, Weilynter Latimengsaung River in Mawspong. There are 4 rivers in West Khasi Hills including Kynshi river in Umthied Bynther, Rohbah in Mawthawpdah, Mawtmain river, Pyndengumiong river There are 10 rivers in Jaintia Hills including the rivers in Syntu Ksiar, Thwai Laroit, Madan Mynrud, Sui Muroh, Chere, Sui Lynter and Amsem.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Modi Fan Club, Meghalaya, in its executive meeting held on the 29th of this month, failed to decide whether to support any candidate for the 2014 MP elections. In a statement, the General Secretary of the group, Romeo Phira Rani, said that the meeting was held at a general meeting of all the members to take a decision.
This means that if he is at one station he has to leave somewhere else and the people do not get to meet him at the right time.
Hospitals should also install private diesel generators especially for OTs.
These meetings will be held in Coimbatore in November next year. The theme of the S20 Summit will be 'Disruptive Science for Innovative and Sustainable Growth'
Shillong: All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) spokesperson Saket Gokhale has alleged that more than Rs 632 crore has been allocated for Meghalaya Ecotourism. The infrastructure development project, which is being implemented by Meghalayan Age Ltd, is headed by Vijay Kumar, an IAS officer who has close ties with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. .
We witness this displeasure of ours, as the Hynniewtrep people, with other nations.
He said that the Government will soon submit an Office Memorandum containing the detailed information that has been discussed according to the explanation or presentation shown, in order to understand which roads have been considered as the highways, small roads or village roads among other projects.
Those who said that the Garo leaders have the opportunity to become the top leaders in the Khaddar system did not want to discuss the issue of the youth from Ri-Lum Khasi Jaintia.
The Seinraij Jowai has urged all Waheh Shnongs, teachers in schools, colleges and others to vaccinate to protect themselves from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mr. Min Lamare (Head of Kuliang Village)
At the same time, the HYC urges the Assistant Executive Engineer of the PWD Building to expedite the new proposal budget for the office building of the Civil Sub-Division Mawshynrut.
The money was seized by the police to investigate where they got the money and where they intended to take it.
Registration for the tournament can be done on the website www.northeastpridecup.com.
“What do you mean...?” said Kong Mer.
The US military chief said al-Quraishi was killed in a surprise attack on his residence.
At the end of the match, Madan Heh FC won a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka along with a trophy and medals while Mawlai Impact FC received 25,000 tyngka. trophies and medals.
The Seng also demands that the authorities of Mawlong Elaka should expel and not give shelter to these bsein from now on.
He added, “The signs of the signs of those things which we call and proclaim, if they do not come, it will be like the judgment of God to us who have faith, but now the things which we call and proclaim have appeared. to give us a sword, who still hold fast to the traditional religion.
Now, if there is an allegation of corruption from the BJP against anyone, we have to think carefully before we agree because we understand that it is only a political issue and has nothing to do with the rule of law. righteous and holy judgment.
Payiem Phrestar Manik Syiemlieh on 9th July, 2016 immediately visited the area and held dorbars in Mairang and Shillong.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today confirmed to the leaders of the CoHSO that the government will not extend the deadline for another 30 days for those people living in Them Iewmawlong.
Today, the prominent RTI seeker, Bah Disparsing Rani, said that for the 119 posts vacant at the Secretariat, there were 1,16,563 applicants.
The training was on Berkeley Composting, which helps to get clean soil and food. they morning.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said, “The party which has its own agendas should focus on those agendas and I am confident that as the people's leaders they will not do too much and disrupt the peace and order in the country. city ​​and state".
As of 2 pm, 1,48,298 samples have been sent for testing and 1,42,835 have tested negative.
Malachi 4:1.
Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills FM Dopth who was the chief guest presented the awards in the presence of Additional Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills Bah SS Syiemlieh, District Sport Officer Ma Khroobok Passah, Vice President WJDSA. Patrick Lamare, Francis Swer, one of the elders who promised to donate land to the EJHDFA for the construction of the stadium.
They also discussed the case, which dates back to 2014, in which the shopkeeper has been silent for many years, on the order of the District Council.
He said that the party has found that this is happening in Shangpung, Pamanik, Mynska and other VECs in Laskeiñ Block.
At present, the SMB has already relocated its office from the quarters to pave the way for the repairs to provide accommodation to the workers from the Metor area.
Regarding the BDO's reply, the KSU has warned the village authorities not to issue certificates to foreigners to receive these necessities such as ration cards and others.
After the Rangbah Shnongs have received a new Sanad from their Syiems whether from the Syiem of Mylliem or Khyrim Hima or others within the boundary of KHADC (only in urban and rural areas), they have been able to to issue certificates to the public such as death certificate, birth certificate and others, but on the certificate they have to put a letter head to show that they have issued it with the authority of the KHAD (Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen) Rules 2015 and such a statement shall be included in all certificates issued to the public.
Her ability to share information with comments has made me think that she has been involved in criticism with TS Eliot, RA Scott James, Birjadish Prasad, Dr. Rajhukul Tilak and others.
The gold was wrapped with black tape in four well-wrapped bags weighing 2331.82 grams worth T.1.42 crore.
And when this happens, readers and viewers of the news should point fingers and show that such people have strayed from their duty.
Speaking on the occasion, Mukul said that the office has been set up in a suitable location and this will help the department to work well for the people of this area.
Meghalaya is a 51-year-old state and we need to gather more information from such sources.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the chairman of the meeting, Bah T.Lyngdoh, said that the meeting was not closed, but it had to be closed. He said that the party will take another decision within October and on that day the office bearers of the Primary units will be invited. various together with the Executive Committee of this area.
The Secretary Shnong, Anthony Suchiang, Michael Kharhunai, Parents, Youth and others were also present on the occasion. and the village leaders together with the leaders of the Nongpoh Sirdarship.
Meghalaya State Football players including Junior and Sub Junior (men) will take part in the National Football Championship 2023 organized by the All India Football Federation. The AIFF will be held in Odisha and West Bengal this month.
Another is to train children in various fields through trainings to start their own businesses such as farming and agriculture.
“The victory of the VPP has surprised the people by winning 4 seats and some of them have fought well.
We will look into this issue and others as well”.
Samla Banshai expressed before him the same problems faced by the people and said that perhaps it is due to the lack of staff in the area which has been turned into a problem. so much.
Raphael says he has a close relationship with his parents, but he compares his birth to kidnapping and slavery.
He said that in West Jaintia Hills alone, more than 700 applications have been sanctioned and the amount has reached more than Rs 7 crore.
More information on these scholarships is also available in Hindi and English at www.tribaldesignforum.com.
The High Court said the report showed how the coal was illegally transported.
They made this decision when they were in government in 2008-2009,” he said.
The earthquake struck at 6:15 pm in North Garo Hills, according to a statement from the National Center for Seismology (NCS).
The KJPA appeals to the Chief Ministers of Manipur, Mizoram, Assam and Meghalaya to work together to bring peace.
When a person cannot avoid society, the community or cannot avoid death, therefore it is not necessary to shed the blood of a convert just to get a place after death. I am not of this world.
They said that they had lodged a complaint with the MHRC in April, 2022 but the Commission has not heard even once.
This year Punjab have been promoted to the ISL after winning first place in the I-League 2022-23 and it is also an opportunity for Shabong to play again in the ISL. It is also the largest football tournament in India.
“We left the Council with the intention of going to build but we are surprised that the people of Block II have not been allowed to speak and express their grievances,” said Bah Teinwel.
“We understand that this government is not only a national party but also a national party, there are also our fellow citizens, government, if you have responsibility for the future and heritage “It's a good idea to invite Ardent's team to discuss the policy for the benefit of many and the party supports Ardent's team,” he said. Lambokstar.
Nartiang Welfare Organization President Ma Katanbiang Lamare has demanded from the government and Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA and Minister of Urban Affairs to relocate the garbage dump in order to bring peace and order in the area. to avoid the impact of the environment and animals.
Then the rotten garbage will be made into compost and the non-rotten garbage will be sold.
The celebration of the 100th Anniversary of the Salesian Fathers in Meghalaya and the North East will conclude on the 30th March, 2022 at Kalbari Square, Laitumkhrah. The Rector Major of the Salesian Society of Italy, Fr. Angel Fernández Artime, was also present.
Assam Police have set up several gates to block the road of the people who came from all over the country to take part in the march in Guwahati today. Assam police and CRP police have been on tight patrol in various parts of Guwahati.
The last meeting of the committee in the state was held in 2010 according to the report submitted by the state government.
Shillong: The Shibidi Kur will hold a seminar on the 5th March 2019 at the State Central Library (Arts & Culture) Shillong at 11:00 AM. This seminar was organized to introduce the Kurs who came from the Golden Jar of Shibidi, the original ancestors of the Lamin, Diengdoh and Laloo Kurs.
Other players, including Prannoy, will fight to improve their performance after losing to Chou Tien Chen of Chinese Taipei, when the two meet again in the round of Lakshya Sen will meet with Loh Kean Yew.
This O.M.PER(AR)25/2022/Pt/23 dated 14.06.2023 will be canceled.
Today, the youths, who belong to the Left group, will hold a march to the police station, at 2 pm, as a sign of their protest against the incident.
“On behalf of the National Chairperson, the National General Secretary and all the staff of the Meghalaya TMC, I welcome the MLA of Phulbari SG Estamur Mominin.
Samla Lambok Rymbai also gave a speech of congratulations and best wishes to the two participants of the tournament in Turkey to do well and the organization hopes that they will be able to participate in the tournament. Two of them will bring honor to Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole by winning the title at the World Handball Championship to be held in Turkey.
Except for 2 households who earn in trade and government jobs, the other 68 households are BPL or very poor.
Nongpoh, July 7: The CORP, Mawbuh Circle today held a meeting to discuss the increasing number of foreigners who have come into the state only for the purpose of taking small jobs in the state. Dozens of foreigners brought by contractors did not have proper documents to identify themselves as Indian citizens. .
What scientists believe is that the emissions from factories and vehicles pollute the environment and if there is enough forest cover around the world, these emissions are absorbed and cleaned by the trees. that siej.
Assam Rifles Shillong have qualified for the quarter final of the 2022-23 Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament 2022-23 organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
He said that he had phoned the SDO (Civil) of Sohra and the SDO said that he had sent the report to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills for further action.
Technologies such as satellites to observe the earth, communication satellites and navigation have helped in agriculture, environmental degradation, transportation, health and also to do something about climate change.
Many of the contractors are no longer able to walk and stand up and down, but their place of thought is in the fish ponds.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, also launched a Geographic Information System (GIS) to describe the condition of schools in the state.
He said that it is because of this that the Meghalaya Police have come to patrol the village to prevent any tragic incident.
Following the request of the residents, the MLA said that he has taken action on this issue until the government has allocated a scheme of more than Rs 3 crore for the construction of this road.
He said that even in the last 46 years of Meghalaya, there has been no difference between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, they have lived in peace and harmony, but there is a big difference. -bak in the culture, customs, language, village governance, land tenure and others.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U HM Shangpliang, a government officer, has misused his powers as a government officer by going to do politics in Mawsynram constituency. He will also be the Congress candidate for the 2018 MLA elections.
The union said that the fish imported into the state come from all over the companies from Andhra Pradesh and these fish have been certified by the Andhra Pradesh Government to prove that they are not formalin injected.
There should be topics on the dangers of drugs in Sunday School articles so that they can be explained.
Police have recovered the body at about 7 pm.
Tomorrow, there will be light or heavy rain in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Finally, we remember Job, from the land of Uz, a man blameless and upright, one who feared God and turned away from evil.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Manipur said that the Government of Manipur will fight as much as possible to expedite and restore the rights of the woman who was raped by her husband in a few years. por not left.
The fund for the construction of the school for Class IX and Class X was donated by Bah AL Hek from his MLA scheme of Rs 10 lakh.
“Syrti was not happy because I strongly opposed this invasion.
Whether we turn to education or health and even in peace and stability, or even in tourism, we are at the bottom”.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday, wrote on his Facebook page that due to the increase in the number of cases of coronavirus, strict restrictions have been imposed in parts of East Khasi Hills District.
“Many of the Ministers are inexperienced, especially Bah Paul, Kong Ampareen and AT Mondal are more experienced.
However, to research the native language of the residents of Marskuiñ, because the language they used to speak is very difficult for foreigners to understand and even the neighboring villagers find it difficult. to understand the native language of the ancients.
One way to reduce the power of money is that the electorate should not be bought by money, and should use as someone said, “money in the pocket, vote in the brain”.
The transformation of Tura into a capital will ensure the distribution of development works between the Khasi/Jaintia and Garo Hills.
The MBOSE wants only the most gifted/talented students.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: Many trucks carrying coal from East Jaintia Hills to Barak Valley-Panchgram, Karimganj and Tripura have been blocked along the NH-44 from Rattacherra to before reaching the weighbridge. The Transport Department in Malidor – an illegal coal mine.
When asked what prompted these two persons to join the KHADC as they too belong to the Seng Kur Thangkhiew Laikpoh, Bah Living said that the main reason why these two persons joined the Seng Kur Thangkhiew Laikpoh. He said that before registering for the recognition, they had participated in the same meeting. It was after receiving the recognition from the Seng Kur that the funds and other financial matters of the Kur began to be raised.
Dr. SR Laloo, said: “The people of Ri War do not have “Jaid.
The Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly AT Mondal, Ma ieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh were also present at the ceremony. Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, Rowell Lyngdoh, Dy CM, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, AL Hek, Minister of Urban Affairs. Leader of the Opposition Dr. Donkupar Roy, Chief Secretary Barkos Warjri, Vice President of the HSPDP Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills S.Kharlyngdoh; Tens of thousands of MLAs, MDCs, government officials, friends, family members and the public came to condole and pay their respects to Ma ieid.
The video, which showed the incident, shows thousands of people gathered near the woman, who was tied up in a Hamas vehicle and those who followed her. , they cried out and threw themselves into her body.
He said the purpose of the meeting was to prevent or curb man's pollution of the environment which can cause damage to the environment as well as the threat of global warming.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if the NGT has released the new price for the auction of coal, the government will first start the auction from East Jaintia Hills District. followed by West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
If we feel that we consider our Hima as our own country and our Kur as our own nation, then there will be confusion and many countries and many nations will emerge inside Bri Hynniewtrep but not Therefore, we are still alive and we know the counting of the countries and we are one Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The free medicine distribution campaign, which was held on 25th November, 2015, has been a success in which up to 740 people have received free treatment.
The Forest Department employees of KAAC have left and the logging work has continued.
There have been many women who have been the top leaders of countries such as Ministers, Prime Ministers and Presidents of the world.
We already talked about that.
He said that there are 40 houses which have been damaged, but those which have not been destroyed except for the burning of tin sop from the cold until the rain, these 40 houses. they are no longer to be inhabited.
HANM also said that the overloading of coal trucks will damage the road from Mynkre to Malidor.
He congratulated the Prime Minister for his vision to provide water supply and to deliver clean drinking water to every household.
All the roads allocated under the major schemes of MDoNER namely NERSDS and NESIDS have been implemented either by themselves or through the North Eastern Council (NEC). The Minister said that the Rural Development Department has launched the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) as a special initiative to bring about 169.51 km in the last three years. connectivity through roads in rural areas, through a single year-round road, to those non-motorized residential areas having a population density (250 & greater than this, and in respect of the North East according to the 2001 census) to improve the income and social well-being of the people living in rural areas.
They said that the Acting Syiem convened the Hima Dorbar on 03/08/2019 and formed the Executive Committee of the Hima Dorbar without them but their names were included and stolen.
In the group stage, Evergreen Mukhla beat Moosyiem Shangpung 5-1, with Nidaioh I Dhar scoring a hat trick in the 8th, 20th and 20th minutes. 65), other goals came from Pynioladmiki Ryngkhlem (9 min) and Dauni Suna (76 min).
She said that as everyone knows that the constituency she is contesting is a clean constituency and therefore she needs to have peace and harmony among all the ethnic groups. too much to take seriously.
At this juncture, we the people of this area should turn to the NPP which is the ruling party in our state which is in power leading the MDA government and the party that The Election Commission of India (ECI) has recognized that the state parties are not like state parties that end up inside the house and fight each other.
The CM on 3rd November 2021, has increased the price of petrol from 105 tyngka to 99.28 tyngka and diesel from 85.74 tyngka.
Ajay has also been sentenced to 11 months in jail for possession of firearms,” police said.
Sumer Nongrum scored for Ratacherra in the 7th minute, Shining Star Myrmen in the 15th minute and Helpme Dkhar for Wapung Shnong in the 54th minute.
It has been nearly five years since Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Swachh Bharat Mission at the Red Fort with the aim of making India free from foreign trade.
He said that they should be working for the economy of the country and that they should avoid the forms of income that affect the country.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced the release of ration under the National Food Security Act (NFSA) and rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of July
“This shows that the government does not value the local authorities of the state.
“The JAC has made it clear that you should remove yourself from the throne immediately without delay,” said the JAC.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of APRIL,
Chief Guest Ma OH Toi President Seinraij Jowai was present to inaugurate the competition in the presence of WJDBA Executive Members including President JM Pohsngap, General Secretary M Nongpluh and others.
He explained that the strengthening of the party is not only for the elections but to save and revive the nation to get rid of the disease.
Mawkyrwat, November 28: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA of Amlarem Constituency and Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya today inaugurated the Indoor Stadium. It is located in Nonghyllam Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Out of the 259 properties purchased by the government, 53 properties have been damaged and these properties have been auctioned in July this year after receiving an estimate of the price. , at the DTO Office, Shillong.
The disciples fell asleep, They could not wait with the Lord, When they were surprised they saw, The enemies of the Lord came to arrest.
The Indian women's hockey team will now prepare for the four-match series against Australia from 18-2 on Friday at the MATE Stadium, Adelaide.
Ïewrynghep SS (East Khasi Hills) beat Monfort Dilni Bolchugre School (West Garo Hills) 7-0
He said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council will also appoint its own lawyer to appear on the 2nd of next month to challenge the decision of the NGT. Laitryngew, parents and school children also came to take part in the meeting. The people also carried their pla cards as a sign of protest against the decision. Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Fact Finding Team (FFT) set up by the opposition to find out the cause of the electricity shortage in the state, is still taking time to prepare its report.
At the same time, BSF from West Jaintia Hills seized 6000 kg of motorcycle worth Rs 6 lakh and on the 12th 4000 kg of motorcycle worth Rs 4,00,0 Rongtilla, Muktapur and Dawki.
Love does not mean obedience or submission or obedience, but love acts, fights and defends on the basis of righteousness and truth.
Habildar Rani scored the first goal for Mawphanñiew.
“Who will take responsibility if there is any injury if the walls of the rooms at ISBT collapse and the bridge collapses,” he added.
He said that these MLAs of the party feel that they cannot do politics without power and for that reason they will leave and no one can be convinced but it is up to them.
Out of the 9 subjects, 3 have already been explained online by UNESCO staff. Pastor CL Laloo launched the book 'The Way of Life' written by the Elder of Jowai Presbyterian Church. MC Rymbui on the 9th of this month at his residence at Mission Compound, Jowai School.
The people of Meghalaya were surprised when Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah claimed to love Meghalaya by coming to Shillong without thinking.
The dissolution of the Umroi Block Congress Committee is one of the main reasons why the Youth Congress Committee has decided to resign from the post of Umroi Block Congress Committee. The Congress party has acted violently and without listening to the voice of the party leaders, said PP Rynghang.
The selection of the players from Garo Hills will be held on the 14th of this month at Christian Girls Higher Secondary School in Tura from 1.00 to 5.00 pm.
The 10 km race was held around the world on Saturday.
The meeting will be attended by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, government ministers and officials of government departments.
Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has also announced that Mawshynrut will be given a PWD office.
Revanth Reddy said that during his visit to Hyderabad on Tuesday, Rahul Gandhi had confirmed the participation of Priyanka Gandhi Vadra.
The detection comes after the number of cases in Assam (24), Manipur (one) and Arunachal Pradesh (one).
On this basis, these village leaders, while submitting the petition to the Chief Executive Officer of Meghalaya, so that the villages in the area can get the right electricity, not that the people have to pay. They have to pay for the electricity bill every month.
Where does God reveal Himself to Christians today? In the Bible, which is His Word. Therefore, true worship is one in which the story is based on the Bible, the songs are based on the Bible, and the prayers are based on the teachings of Jesus.
“I have been wanting to continue my singing career which I have stopped for 3 years now due to illness, of course there are many songs that are still in my head, please wait patiently” said Bah Eubard Sun, who used to call himself Bah UN Sun, and appealed to the people to wait patiently until he is able to get up from his sleep and stand again. had.
Where will this approach lead, has the Congress already calculated that those candidates whom it intends to elect from those constituencies of these four candidates have hope.
In the Muslim faith, it is believed that those who disobey their parents will go to hell when they die.
The Dorbar Shnong requests all the residents especially those who live in Shillong and other places to attend the meeting.
Nongpoh: As part of the preparations for the celebration of Christmas, the Seng Samla of Sohkyndur Village in Ri Bhoi District, has held a 10-month Christmas Week in the village, which ended on Saturday. in the courtyard of a school in the town.
The petitions submitted by the HYC include the demand for health and wellness in three health sub-centres, namely Porkhadoh, Miangshang and Mawrynniew.
“I left the house quickly and thought you were waiting because I said wait at home and I'll call you.
Prestone said that from 16th March 2020, those who wish to be tested will have to pay T.500 from the ICMR. for Rapid Antigen Test and T.3200 for RT-PCR test.
Jai Hind,” he said.
A case has been registered at Shillong Sadar Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act,” said the SP (City).
However, that will depend on the wisdom of the leaders and MLAs of this party and they will have to take decisions that will make them happy and at the same time, make them sad.
"But now things have changed.
The word 'Thangbuli' is said to come from the word 'Thangbu-halo'
Fenela has decided to contest as an independent candidate in the mid-term elections after being removed from the HSPDP ticket. shisha is true and it is just to mislead the people.
“Even if they come for 5 lakh, we will lose.
Bah Metbah said that the creation of the new districts is with the aim of bringing the Khadar rule closer to the people and expressed the hope to see the upgradation of the offices. various projects in the district in the coming times and years.
In recent days, there has been a stir in Meghalaya over the dismissal of three officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
In North Garo Hills, there are 11 cases, in Ri-Bhoi 86 cases and 21 High Risk Contacts.
It is the most widely grown in Punjab and the most eaten in that state of India.
However, on the other hand, through the skills of the village leaders and also with the cooperation of the people in the village, who were ready to help those families who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, This has enabled the village to be able to prevent the spread of the disease in the village, that is, they have been able to prevent those who have contracted COVID-19 and also helped them.
“This incident happened a year before the death of Maieid,” said Daios, but he said that only after a while when LG Nongsiej was the Executive Member of KHADC. Hoping took him to the room of LG Nongsiej.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 14,83,157 and 4,96,988 people are undergoing treatment.
On the other hand, the PDF president said that it is high time for the health department to make sure that information or instruction on “how to recover from Covid-19" should reach the village administration for circulation to the general public.
Various organizations have staged a 36-hour strike since Sunday night, in which shops and farms have been closed in these two districts.
On the occasion of the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India from the British; and Meghalaya will celebrate its 25th anniversary as a Rilum state. straight.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Saturday held the election of its new office bearers for the term 2017 to
“Yes, he said”, I'm a fool, I'll spend it drinking more and more.
The KJCLF also appealed to the citizens of Assam who are confused to fight against those who express their short-sightedness and intend to create ethnic hatred.
He said that he has distributed many schemes in the last four years and almost all the villages in Mawthadraishan Constituency have received assistance such as chairs, khiew shet, sound equipment, tyrpal, uniform football and other other.
As society has grown and developed, so too has the law contained many judgments and man should know it.
“I receive not honor from men” John 5:4
"Dr Marak stressed that if children from 9 months to 15 years of age do not take the tikka vaccine, they will be more susceptible to getting sick, because their bodies will not be able to fight against it. bacteria or viruses.
Bah Pyngrope said that their salary has been increased, but it is not as much as they want which still needs to be improved. I'm still getting what's missing.
Mitchel, who is also the executive member in charge of fisheries in KHADC, said that the daily import of fish from Andhra Pradesh is up to 30 metric tonnes, which the state has not been able to produce from itself yet. .
I am ready, I will stand up for you".
The celebration was concluded with a public awareness program at St John Bosco Higher Secondary School, Rambrai on the dangers of drug abuse.
Thousands of people have already gathered and sat down.
Shillong Lajong Junior Reds beat Rangdajied United 4-0 in the Under-18 Championship at the Shillong Stadium today.
President of India Ram Nath Kovind has signed the Ordinance passed by the Central Government. to sentence to death anyone convicted of rape of women under 12 years of age.
He said the party has decided to open the door for the youth to come in and hand over the work to strengthen the party.
The poem shows that it was written on the 20th of Shravan, 1307, which corresponds to the 5th of April this year.
The inauguration of the new transmitter by the Prime Minister was attended by officials of government departments. from the District, Rangbah Shnong, teachers of Anderson Higher Secondary School and students and others.
A Cleaning Drive was also held in the program with the participation of all the participants. They cleaned up the garbage and plastic from the ground floor of the Resource Center to the PWD road from the Resource Center. Nongtepdieng Road to Phot Japung Road.
“In my opinion, I see that the MDA government has acted quickly to resolve this issue which has been pending for many years.
“As one of the founders of the Mylliem Lum Sports Association in 2012, I am delighted to see that the Association has reached this milestone, its 10th anniversary. I have always been involved with the Association in the promotion not only of sports but also of education, agriculture and any other activities that will bring about development in the villages and townships. the whole area.
The drug trafficking and theft in those areas cannot be blamed on the infiltration of unidentified persons in this government area.
The Seng also urges the District Council not to issue Labor License without properly checking the documents of foreign workers, said Samla Iohbok Kharbudnah. Publicity Secretary of the Seng.
There has been a complaint against the performance of Freeman Syiem and it is on this basis that the EC has suspended him until the investigation is completed.
Police have arrested five suspects, identified as Shri Rashendra Paul (39) of Jail Road, Shillong, Shri Tapas Paul (21) of Jamunamukh, Nagaon. Shri Pradeep Das (29) of Senshua, Nagaon, Shri Tarender Das (38) of Amsui, Nagaon and Bhutka Das (30) of Amsui, Nagaon.
“We accept this statement of the CEM, when we go to talk to anyone we have taken a decision so that it will not be a speech only in words but in writing,” said Daniel. today's reporters.
They were arrested by the police while they were attacking a driver of a vehicle that was taken by the police last night.
“We are not criminals even if we are in jail, we are in jail only to protect ourselves” KSU Jaintia Hill District has also announced to all the members of KSU Jaintia Hill District all Circles and Units to be who are ready while we are waiting for the decision of the KSU Sengkmie (CB).
Shillong: Rangbah Disparsing Rani, one of the public information officers, said that they are still waiting for a reply from the Regional Office, AICTE. They are located in Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin, Wahkut Jumekot, Nongstein and Umteng Kut.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chairperson of the MSCPCR, Kong Ïamon M Syiem, said, “This explanation to the media will help to protect the rights of children.
France have won two straight in Group C, beating Australia 2-1 in the first leg and Peru 1-0 in the second leg. .
The tournament will be held in New Delhi from November 1 to 30,
Shillong: Five policemen were injured when a Gypsy in which they were returning from Lawmei village collided with another vehicle, said the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, today. Petrol bomb on the road in Mawlyndep, Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah CL Lamare, Rangbah Shnong of Umdihar, said that the residents of Umdihar have expressed their concern over the escape of Bah Jyllud. The police have not taken action against the escape of the suspect.
We have seen that there are thousands of Khar Nepalis from Nepal who have settled in our State, then Khar Bangladeshis and even Negroes have settled in Shillong.
In the video, Mittal is seen in a cowshed and talks about the four main characteristics of cow dung and then he picks up the cow dung from the ground and eats it. an.
NCP Working President Supriya Sule has demanded that Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde should send an inquiry into the incident and demanded the removal of the ministers in charge.
On the other hand, the President of the HNYM, Louis Dohtdong, said that the two men involved in the shooting of Diness are drug addicts.
The Chairman of the JCCRP, Samla Jersom Shylla said in one voice that all the speakers at the meeting said that the Government through the Expert Committee should not take up to 10 years to complete the report or to Review the Reservation Policy but it should be expedited as it is just a ploy for the Government to delay and delay the time to review the recruitment.
Jowai, July 07: The Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Jowai Central Division, Jowai has informed the public that the bridge No.17/1 on the Mynrud River on the Ummulong-Tyrshang-Bamkamar road has been closed to heavy vehicles. to pass except for small vehicles.
The allegation is from 2023 where the exact date, month or time of the incident is also unknown.
The one day training was held on the 21st of this month with the participation of residents and SHGs from Mukhap and Mynso.
He said that Congress President Rahul Gandhi will deliver a public address in Guwahati tomorrow. ).
In every election, political parties have published their election manifestos and many of them have been distributed to the public for reading.
Fortunately, the village leaders managed to rescue him from the mob and detained him inside the village council until the police arrived to arrest him and take him to Jowai Police Station.
The TMC leader held a march from Red Road to Jorasanko Thakur Bari, the residence of Rabindranath Tagore in North Kolkata.
Shillong: On the 7th November 2021, the Sur Ehrngiew of Malki residents held a public meeting at Malki Square as a sign of condemnation to the State Government for the rape of Malki. Former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Chersiterfield Thangkhiew on the morning of 13th July 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar. The State Government has suspended two police chiefs, the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Jaintia Hills District and the Superintendent of Police (SP) Traffic of East Khasi Hills District and also R Chandranathan. The DGP of the state who was involved in the rape of Bah Che.
Helping Phawa said that on the 15th of this month, the leaders of the kur had visited Saba village to provide assistance to the family of the kur who had lost their children. The family of the kur in the village has been accused of robbery and since the night of the 14th the house has been stoned.
“When we turned around, no one came to help us, because they said that our father had died of COVID-9
The UN has called for an immediate halt to Israel's offensive against Gaza due to the crisis that has affected the people of Gaza and to ensure the delivery of food and other necessities. all the necessities of the people.
He said the Alliance aims to bring about cooperation to strengthen the production and use of sustainable biofuels, to facilitate the trade in biofuels and other activities in collaboration with groups from different countries. different workers in the biofuel industry.
One of the three students who lives in the hostel said that attending classes every day and taking tests has helped him to pass the examination.
JOWAI: The Congress is a party that stands and protects only for the Muslims, said Bah Sanbor Shullai, MP candidate from the BJP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Shillong, Naitung 19: A group of Irish teachers from the Global School Room (GSR) has arrived in Meghalaya to provide training and training to the teachers under the KJDSTA. We have arrived in the past few days to conduct a 10 month training for KJDSTA teachers across the country.
He said that through the PES, they do not buy land but allow the owners to find other ways to earn money.
Let us take the example of Football, the most popular sport in the State, it is the dedication and hard work of the private sector that has promoted football despite many shortcomings and challenges.
The committee will include the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Municipal Board, the Pollution Control Board, the Drug Controller Authority and others.
On the other hand, the SNSBH said that as it has been the case for the past 30-40 years, there has never been any information from the government to the government employees to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong. you can.
The incident happened at Sohlab village near Shella.
The PIL was lodged by a volunteer Tennydard M Marak against the state's inability to curb the illegal vehicles passing throughout parts of Meghalaya.
He said that the receipt of syrnod is not the end but the beginning of another milestone which is to stand on one's own feet and also to find ways and means for income generation in the country. imlang and society.
It can also be judged whether the city is wise or the village is wise to elect its public leaders.
Mexican authorities said Tuesday that six people, including two women, were shot dead in Mexico's Monterrey province, a hotbed of crime and violence. drug trafficking.
“Did you get a job with your daughter?” asked Santa.
In addition to the mobile phone number, the government is preparing to install a mobile phone number where women can call and the message will go to 10 people who live nearby and they will go to help her. .
The tribes do not oppose the customs but correct the customs that are too biased.
The group was led by the Convenor of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Seiborlang Warbah.
(K.Langrin).
“It brings an end to the first and greatest term in the history of the presidency.
Compared to many other states, Meghalaya is one of the states that manages well in terms of expenditure,” he said.
Marween Syiem, 58, of Jaiaw Lumsyntiew, passed away at her home.
It is also a pride for the MBA to organize this tournament and the union in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the state government, has worked hard for the organization and to organize this tournament. lympung is the same.
The meeting was held at Nonglang village and was conducted by Bah WS Wahlang Secretary Ri Muliang Area Development Council.
The types of tournaments to be held for the selection of players include
Rahul and three others have been allowed to leave for Hathra this evening.
“I mean it like this.
The Minister took note of this and asked the members of the party to meet and arrange with the Rangbah Shnongs so that this work can go smoothly, said a statement sent by the General Secretary. , Samla Lurman B.Garbage.
They also explained the working methods of the synjuk in the past three years.
Who doesn't want politics ? Therefore, you too should not remember politics too much for the next two and a half years.
The MLA said that soon he will introduce a scheme to cover the streets in Mawlai Nongpdeng for the safety of the people and the village.
However, the most shocking thing is the decline in their marks in social sciences this year.
“Even BSF personnel use Bangladesh SIM cards even though they know it is illegal but they don't know when they don't have a network,” he said.
These include, from 7-mer to Umshypi/Rilbong Point, from Murgi-Bazar, Upper Shillong and Anjalee, Petrol Pump, Civil Hospital, IGP Point, Kachari and Raj Bhavan, from Mahavir Park, Umshypi Bridge. bad Anjalee Petrol pump, na Police Bazar -Kachari point-Raj-bhavan, na CS Junction sha Rajbhavan, na St Anthony College,sha Gurudwara -Air junction, na pinewood sha Rajbhavan, na Lachumiere sha Air junction -Rajbhavan, na Barik point sha Civil Hospital.
Last month, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau accused Indian government officials of involvement in the killing of a Canadian terrorist in July this year.
He said that they had called the village for three days exactly for the report, not to elect the Rangbah Shnong.
Another fund of JPY 15,561 million (about Rs 877 crore) has been signed with the Government of India for the Northeast Road Network Connectivity Improvement Project (Phase 7).
The head of Star Cement also urged the parents to send their children to higher education as education is the bright future of the children.
Other suggestions include the central government's financial assistance for the Solar Roof Top Scheme, to work with companies for the Solar Parks and Pump Storage Scheme.
“I cannot say, there are parts that are sufficient, there are parts that are not sufficient,” said Bah Bamon.
However, what we need to be careful about is that we should also think of the storm of the crowd who stay quiet for a while and slam or turn around when they reach the threshold of the election to really elect the candidate they want or are invited.
All the speakers included Secretary San Shnong Tyrnit Sana, Ribun Sana of Tuber Kmaishnong, Assistant Wapung Shnong Chalan Dkhar, Pynthor Sale Shnong Yooki Phawa and Rymbai Shnong Justice. Lyngdoh praised the MDC for helping by vehicle to transport the patients to the hospital for timely treatment.
The village has only 38 households and 216 heads of population.
The meeting was opened by the Mission Director of the National Health Mission, Meghalaya, Ram Singh.
These Indians, who are abroad, believe that the elections through the party will be an example of change in the rule of law in the country and will start from This is the State Assembly election in Delhi.
Ryntih SC are fighting for their first win after beating Mawlai SC in the first match before losing to Shillong Lajong FC. dang in the past month.
The courage and hard work of Kong Syiemlieh has been like the bright stars in the night sky that illuminate the world, when others see the example of your bright light you have shown.
Therefore, she encouraged the students not to waste their time in their studies lest they become stupid one day and at the same time she urged the parents to They should be encouraging for their children in their studies so that their future will be bright.
After that, he fled from his house to join eight others whom he met in the earthquake.
Sniawbha said that Ardent did not attend the meeting convened by the Prime Minister with the political parties.
Nongpoh: The Care Educational and Welfare Society (CE&WS) 13th Mile, Ri Bhoi Meghalaya, today held a 'Rojgar Mela' which is also to raise awareness on the opportunities for job seekers, after they have received the job opportunities. Training through CE&WS on 13th March.
The Ferdy School of Martial Arts (The Revolution MMA) would like to thank the parents of these children for allowing their children to take part in this tournament in Delhi.
On the enrollment of Aadhaar in the district, Bah Paul Lyngdoh congratulated the district authorities for their hard work to raise awareness among the public as part of promoting the enrollment of Aadhaar in West Khasi Hills District.
A total of 102,695 voters came out to vote for 13 candidates for the bye election or mid-term election of three constituencies from Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala.
Anyone found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and if there is any complaint regarding the irregularity in the distribution of ration, the beneficiaries can send a written complaint to the District Grievance Redressal. They can submit their complaints to the Complaint Box set up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang. West Khasi Hills District ( SDPRO, Mairang ).
The judges of the competition will be prominent journalists of the city including Sanjay of Shillong Times, Evanjolin Dkhar of Meghalaya Guardian and videographer of Batesi Bah Kyrmen Uriah.
The question is, where are our media and why the Government has not invited journalists to attend the meeting at Umkiang to witness the border talks between Assam and Meghalaya.” “This action of the State Government has shocked the party and the people as well that there is something behind it.
We live in the age of social media these days, and it has been seen that it is an age of free speech, where in every incident, there are a few who praise and many who criticize. wohnia and woh will be many kinds.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has withdrawn from the peace talks table with the Government and after a rebel group known as Terrorizers111 has sent an email to the High Courts of the States and including the Meghalaya High Court threatening to blow up bombs.
Shillong, Nailur 14 : There have been 199 cases registered of illegal coal mining and 1652 illegal coal traders since the NGT banned coal mining in
This time, Nongshken has newly arrived villages which were formerly from Lyngkyrdem but these villages have Congress, UDP and some others.
Hand grenade too.
Nailur, 18: The last rites of Queen Elizabeth II will be held on Monday, after 10 days of mourning around the world. Country.
The victim was identified as Entison M Sang of the village.
I also request Bah Hek or Bah Mawrie (President BJP Meghalaya) not to make any comments without consulting me.
There were also those who wrote and posted pictures on Twitter, saying, “After drinking the cleaner, I will use this torch until you stop”.
Shillong, Lber 22:The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong today, 21st October 2017, has launched the ksing, dhah, tang-muri and shaw shaw, as a sign of protest. -Invite your relatives to prepare for the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
The scheme stipulates that the village should have and establish a Village Health and Sanitation Committee and the ASHA should be the Secretary of the Committee.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, July 01: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has expressed its opposition to the order issued by the District Administration to operate odd/even for commercial vehicles entering Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
At that time, prominent Congress leaders including Bah OL Nongtdu, Bah HS Shylla and Bah Charles Pyngropeki applied for the ticket after Ma PR Kyndiah (Bam kwai in the Prayer of God) I have not been able to contest the election again.
The prize money for the winner of the single category is T.10,000 for the runner-up and T.5,0
Although I am an MLA, I am also a leader in charge, so I have to look after other affairs of the party and later for the people,” said Saleng.
Of these, the new cases include EGH: 2, EJH: 2, EKH: 101, RBD: 17, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 6, WGH: 3, WJH: 12 and WKH:
The Synod service was attended by many Pastors, Tymmen Basan, Leaders of various Churches, both from the District and from outside the District.
According to Bah Roy Kupar, the NPV funds are different from the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) funds, as the government can use the funds for development projects in any part of the state while the SPV funds. Thew beit to spend only in the areas covered by the Lafarge mine.
Baneeden Jyrwa, who has completed her training in jngi from Kolkata, West Bengal, said that before she went to Kolkata for training in jngi, she went to several jngi training centers here. in Shillong.
He said that on his part, he cannot pay back, but he will work hard to bring name and glory to the nation, the state and the country as a whole.
The NPP has also announced that it has spent 95.54% of its total expenditure in 2022-23 on the elections.
On 24.4.2023, the Sengbhalang from Jaintia Hills visited Khanduli village and held a meeting and visited the Tax Gate.
The government should have set up an inquiry into these allegations to find out who those high levels are.
Jowai, Lber 21: Seventeen Congress MDCs in JHADC have split into two factions under the leadership of the Chief Executive Member, MB Rymbai, former CEM of JHADC and Andrew Shullai. u Dy, CEM of JHADC The Budget Session will start tomorrow and due to this confusion, all the MDCs have stopped coming to work today.
Shillong, Lber 5: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has slammed the state government for the information it has received through the Information Act, on the price of tablets ( MTAB) which the government has distributed to the students of Class XII, through the IT department which is also the money that comes from the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid Scheme. More than T.6 crore tyngka has been spent on the distribution of tablets to the students.
It is illegal to work more than five hours a day and employers whether Government or private sector shall pay a fee to employees who work more than five hours.
He said the government recently at the Cabinet meeting held on 9th November decided to recognize as full time employees 3,635 adhoc employees where they will also receive the same benefits as others. employees including pension and other benefits while contract teachers have been dismissed without any mercy even though they have contributed to the society for many years through their work. teach them.
“When there was a conflict in Manipur, we didn't do anything, but we were afraid because the incident could get worse at any time and there were also bad news. .
He said the Congress can work with no and no but it cannot affect the future of the party.
They said that the police have been able to track down many of the robbers only through the help of CCTV cameras. The MLA has given six months to the PHE and Municipal Board to complete the implementation of the scheme. At the same time, he directed the PHE department not to release the bills of the contractors who implement the schemes in South Shillong without following the rules.
We have witnessed in the media the emergence of civil society organizations to address this issue of the people and there are also officers who are working hard to ensure that there will be no increase in the price of food items.
Sadly, the Rangbah Shnong has accused those who are against the Shnong.
You can also eat a lot of fruits and vegetables. All these things can help to improve the blood pressure.
Speaking to media, Kong Phikirbha Khariah said that due to the government's compulsion to sit for the MTET examination even at the senior level, they have fought hard but until now they have completed it. The government is still silent and has not done anything for those who deserve their rights.
Many of the people are happy that the elections have come again for two reasons, one is that they get money without asking and the other is the opportunity to elect the right candidate.
To this extent we have declined in health.
It is to be recalled that there was a plan to form a national government led by the UDP with the support of the VPP, PDF, Congress, TMC and HSPDP. .
The CNF invites everyone to these prayer days, which will include special prayers for the families and their needs.
“As you can see, it rains every day but the production of electricity is the lowest and we have to face power outages even during the rainy season which affects us.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Dorbar Shnong of Wapung School, Jaintia Hills District has come forward to support the strike by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, former CEM of KHADC and others who have joined hands. If the government does not pass the Village Administration Bill, the villagers will join the strike.
He was given 48 hours by the army to respond to the loss of money, but if he could not answer, the army decided to respond. that they might kill the minister.
On the same day, a service was held to honor the Lord as part of the celebration of CHRISTMAS Day with Bah Dawin Shullai who is one of the missionaries who has just completed the mission. BD distributed the message from the Word of God, and also the youth of the group participated in various songs as well as the children of the Childrens Home.
He said the Cabinet has not yet discussed the re-establishment of Regional Committees for the six disputed areas which have yet to resolve the boundary.
Patra fled to another house of his family members, near the writing house in Gandhapala village of Kuhika, which is located in Sukinda, where he stayed for the whole day. .
The leader of the Taxi Drivers Association showed the reporter a photograph of the sign in front of the Pinewood Hotel and through the photograph it was seen that the sign was posted by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation. The price of Toyata Innova, Maruti Desire T.2500, Mahindra Bolero and Tata is T.3500, Maruti Desire T.2500 and Tata. Sumo T.2700, the fare for Mawlynnong, Mawsynram, Nartiang, Guwahati and at the end of the article it was explained that the AC fare will be T.5 per kilometre.
The child was seriously injured and was taken to Woodland Hospital but later died due to severe injuries.
The four civil society organizations condemn the Home Department of the MDA government, especially the Meghalaya Police who are patrolling the border areas for failing to provide protection to their own people living in the border areas,” said the statement. Samla D.Sun President of WKSU. “These policemen of Meghalaya should be treated like border guards and like snakes that have hidden in the woods.
The provision of funds and investment has opened the way for the Government to address the biggest challenges in the region such as transportation and infrastructure.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the District Planning Officer Khliehriat where the forms will be released from 6th November 2023 to 18th November 2023 and no forms will be accepted after 18th November
Shillong, Nailar 29: The All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Union today staged an indefinite sit-in in front of the MBOSE office. Shillong after the Magistrates ordered them to move out of the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat to demand that the government should increase their salary from 1000 to 5000 tyngka per month. The Government will provide lyer shet tyndon for the purpose of cooking for the school children.
I don't know why the police have been searching for me all over the Iew Duh because they think I've disappeared. I'm going to the shop.
What happened? And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
He said that the government through its police force will monitor the movement of people but the fear is that people from Assam will enter the state. you are light because you don't have these laws.
All these have caused a lot of trouble to the people who come for treatment at this hospital and also to the staff of this hospital.
Mother prayed for tea.
The Acting President has been appointed to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA who is also a Minister of State.
“The delay in accepting the nomination sent by the EC of GHADC shows that it is too much politics of the Prime Minister.
The tournament was held at the SAI Stadium as the renovation and reconstruction of the JN Stadium Polo is underway.
Speech was also delivered by Bah NS Wanniang from the Office of Soil and Water Conservation, South West Khasi Hills District. Lancestorm Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Village Community Facilitator (Domjyrti VNRMC) who gave the keynote address and urged all those who attended the meeting to learn how to care for and maintain the environment.
Paul Sumer 3.
According to the MLA of Jirang, today a meeting was held at Killing area where the village leaders from different villages came to take part. He expressed the purpose of the meeting to discuss the needs of the people along with other issues discussed during the meeting.
Shillong: Shiromani Akali Dal leader Manjinder Singh Sirsa on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya government's plan to expel the Harijans from Punjabis will be blocked. The matter will be taken to the Union Defense Minister, Amit Shah and the court will be closed.
Brad Pitt is understood to have planned to stay with Nicole in western France and Brad Pitt is said to have come straight from Los Angeles to Paris to meet her. ieid new you.
Once elected, all the people of the constituency should be treated as their own.
During the inspection, the members of the HYC Shillong City found that these foreigners did not have proper documents and there was also the refusal of the owners of the houses to show the documents. of these employees.
Jowai, Naiwieng 05: The KSU East and West Jaintia Hills District has sent its condolences on the sudden passing away of Ma Lasooki Lakiang, former Waheh Shnong of Ladthalaboh, Jowai. Joint Action Committee Block 1 and 2 to the brothers and sisters, husbands, children and all those related.
The two robbers, Jacky Khymdeit and Bison Khymdeit, who were involved in the robbery, have been arrested by the Ri Bhoi Police.
The injured were rushed to Mendipathar Primary Health Center for treatment while the other two were rushed to Goalpara, Assam.
Lyngkrang trees have fallen in the middle of the road and this has disrupted the traffic. In Pynthor, electrical wires have fallen in houses.
He said that in their work, it is more difficult to find words and pictures until it takes about 10 years.
When it is not possible to avoid using the same item in the place of worship, wear gloves and wash your hands thoroughly, and do not allow crowds to use them.19) Because of the risk of spreading As far as possible, religious songs should be recorded and played and should not be sung by choirs or groups.
Bah Donboklang Marwein was the chief guest and Bah Sunshine Lyngdoh Sordar of Mawrusyiar Village was the chief guest.
The reason for this is that the land should not be taken advantage of if the government intends to build bypass roads.
This is the fourth time that police have been able to rescue those kidnapped by insurgents in Garo Hills in just two months.
The meeting was attended by Bah Ronald Khongjoh, Rangbah Shnong of Pahamrioh, Lum Paseh Village Leaders, parents and youth of the village.
On the other hand, KSUPKBUHT urges the State Government and District Councils to stand firm on the basis of the Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement signed by the Government of India and the Khasi Hills.
They also expressed their concern and concern over the increasing number of people giving birth to unborn children and the increasing number of lung cancer cases in Punjab.
At the same time, the Seng has demanded that the government should set up a Veterinary Dispensary in the Elaka so that it will be of great help to the farmers of the area as there are no veterinarians in the area. which causes a lot of trouble for the livestock that need treatment.
In the 16 issues for the development of the State, Professor Swell emphasized on the character of leaders and made it clear that leaders should be fair and just in life.
(NHIDCL) to send experts from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati to conduct a survey of the site and to assess the condition of the soil and the rock structure to protect the The movement of the people of the North East before the rainy season.
Besides, the incharge allegedly attacked other members of the party inside the police station and threatened them to take strong action for the seizure of these vehicles.
These include six gold, three silver and one bronze medals, while she won the first Runner's Up trophy from the championship.
Referring to the agricultural sector, he said that there is a need to have a separate area and to give special opportunities to women as about 40% of the households in the state who earn money are women.
“There are border areas that have been arranged especially those who intend to enter Meghalaya even the schools run by the Assam government, on the part of the teachers who leave these areas and this is the will of the workers. “It's the work of this government which has been suspended for more than 45 years for these border areas,” said the Minister.
From 1774 the Syiems of the Sutnga Hima fought against the French troops and according to Pemberton's report, “in 1774 the Jynteah were captured by the French troops under the command of Major Henniker...” Later, ha In 1835, the hill areas of the Hima Sutnga were incorporated under the rule of the Foreign Company Government and these hill areas became British territory or territory of the Company Government and were also part of the Khasi & Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the state should move towards education especially now when the National Education Policy will be implemented from
Therefore, this song has shocked and stirred me up, that I have found and found that Bah Rana, now that he has passed away, has used properly the talent that God has given him. and as a country and a nation at such a time we will lose another one of the stones and a famous singer, whose name is known through his words and songs. they shall live for ever, even unto the generation to come.
Shillong: Bhitdalin L Lyngkhoi (39) of Umlyngka, Shillong, who has been pregnant for 33 months, has died of covid-1
The death toll from the wild tit has risen to four so far.
After the march, a short meeting was held at Mawsaw Market to raise awareness on the impact of tobacco in all aspects.
It may be recalled that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has made it clear that the government has not yet given any promise as it will have to consider these demands before taking a final decision. He called upon the Harijan leaders to inform them of the decisions of the government.
At the same time, all the residents were urged to maintain cleanliness by throwing away the used items in the dustbins provided at all the parking lots.
“What we need is to implement the laws and to do that, we need to start this Khyndailad first because entering it will be just a footpath for the people.
It was only after he formed his own party, the VPP, that he dared to announce this demand.
The Spirit is life, and the Spirit is no life.
However, in the second half, Donboklang Lyngdoh and Rangdajied's leading players struggled to make a difference in the second half. 56.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the shopkeepers in Iewduh said that piat has been bought from abroad at a high price.
Para kur para kha baied, you may say that I am involved in the work of the family of others, but it is not so.
This practice of building fields in sharing areas is nothing new.
At the same time, he urged the youth of the Karbi community to be united and united, so that the Karbi community in Meghalaya can be further developed.
The officer also alleged that the BSF, not only threatened him but also tried to strip him of his patlun and cleanse him, saying that he should apologize to them. thank you at your feet".
Wanshong had a golden opportunity to score from the penalty spot, but the ball didn't go into the net due to the skill of the goalkeeper who struck the ball. thep and you're happy with the ball.
Terrorism should be stopped and attempts to disrupt peace and order should be punished according to the rules of law.
Paul said that as the Minister, he has held two meetings with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong who is in charge of the police department together with the police officers to discuss this issue especially to implement the Prevention Rules. of Illicit Traffic in Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act, 1988.
Speeches were also delivered by Jiedskhem Nongsiej (General Secretary KSU), Bonsen Snaitang (President KSU Balat Border Area Circle) and others.
From the speech of the 8-year-old Heprit, although he has not yet reached his mind, it is understood that he is very sorry to know that the payment to the teachers is different, perhaps because he sees that those teachers who While those teachers who do not work hard and teach in poor schools, receive a high salary from the government.
Speaking to media, Agatha said, “I have the hope of winning the election because the people have seen the rule of the NPP in the last seven years which has brought about development in the state. I am sure that the people will give me their full support because the people love and accept the NPP as their party”.
Thus, the previous orders/announcements regarding the “Hima Raid Mynsaw” have been repealed.
The progress of a nation also depends on the manner and path of upbringing of children.
The temperature in Shillong was 96 degrees Celsius in the morning and evening.
“It is a great achievement for Meghalaya to host this tournament which has helped the Table Tennis Federation of India to host this championship in the state and the credit goes to the Minister of Sports. , the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs, the MTTA and others,” said Lamphang.
Speaking on the occasion, the former Director of MCCL and Matabor of Mawmluh, Bah Ju Rajee, said that the collapse of MCCL was not a coincidence, but was forced by someone to collapse. He said that if the government decides to shut down the factory, it should set up a team of inquiry to find out who is involved or why the factory failed and to expose the corruption. terrible in this foreign dew factory.
This signifies the fulfillment of the Feast of Weeks.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: “The end of the year is the year of the UDP,” said Bah GG Bung Snaitang, one of the leaders of the UDP in Ranikor Constituency.
Real GDP growth for Q1:2023-24 is estimated at 6.7% On inflation, the Governor said the monetary policy should be able to support more in the country. to remove supply to ensure that inflation is closer to the target of 4.0 % over the medium term, while supporting economic growth.
The state of Meghalaya is the largest state in the world.
However, other sources said that NPP leaders including Conrad and BJP leader Shibun Lyngdoh are still in talks on how to come back to power.
He said the change has been made on the allocation of coal through e-auctions and bidding.
If we take care of this, I believe that the sohtrun trade will grow.
Since 2019, 2020 I have worked for the people and I have given faithful service to the party and I have not left one party to another party and I have stayed within the party.
In talks with various engineers, they said that vocational training is not available for the daily laborers of the State especially for the land owners.
The KSU has now celebrated the 4th of June 1829 as the Khasi Awakening Day.
The new building, which is scheduled to be completed within two years, will be named after Rev. Fr. Douglas J. Wollaston, SDB, the fourth principal of the college.
Thus, the name Tejo Mahalaya is known as the Taj Mahal.
“You're right.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The District Administration today gave one day to the auctioneers at Motphran Bridge to remove their clothes and belongings which are still standing during the auction. kieng, since the district authorities came to close down the bridge.
When those words are used, it can be understood that those elders intended to refer to those who wrote books differently from those who wrote pages.
“In the same way, the appointments in Government departments continue as we speak.
He said the program is part of the promotion of Rupda's trip to Turkey as the winner of the Rubaru Miss India Elite
Laitkor SC won the title with a cash prize of T.10 lakh while Nongrim Hills won T.50,0
The CREA report shows that only 37 cities covered by the NCAP have achieved the PM10 level within the one-year target under the programme.
Lab Singh is the son of a driver.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 72160 out of which 67164 have recovered and 1235 have died.
Thousands of Hindu devotees from Phramer and Jowai have gathered to witness the procession of Durga at Wah Myntdu. the Goddess Durga in the Myntdu River.
Shillong Lajong have already won two away games by beating East Bengal Reserve 1-0 and Diamond Rock 1-0 It is honorable to please the people who come to support it.
Bah Paul said he expects the meeting between the two Regional Committees to be smooth and smooth, and after the meeting in Shillong, there will be a joint inspection of the sites in Shillong. and March.
Besides, various states have already imported 84 lakh metric tonnes of rice and 3.2 metric tonnes of dai.
However, one of the milestones in the SPL season is the arrival of Samborlang Diengdoh through the stamp of 'SAMKHAMTI' to help the team. t7 news will take part as the official broadcaster for the tournament, where efforts will be made to provide a live stream for both the matches.
Shillong: Leaders of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today met with the writers of the newspapers and on their part, extended their warmest greetings to the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Prestone Tynsong, because it is his responsibility, that after their discussions, they have received a good result.
Regarding the allegation of illegal collection of money at the weighbridges, Conrad said the government has already appointed a committee of inquiry and the committee has sent its report. do what is necessary.
Later they built houses by covering them with tins and using wood and wood to sit on.
Therefore, we as the people of Mylliem Hima have the right to know the statistics,” he added.
“ Love begins at home.
Ronaldo has previously said that he lived in poverty and slept in the same room with his brothers.
He said that the Inter Constituency Football Tournament will soon be announced in all 60 constituencies and all the players will be selected from their respective constituencies.
The Minister said these complaints were filed against the Karbi People Liberation Tiger (KPLT) rebel groups in the border area with Assam at Umtlieh and Jatalong.
We have understood that India is not neutral as it is in the Russia-Ukraine war.
Mairang, March 09: The Mairang Civil Hospital, also known as the Tirot Singh Memorial Hospital, has become one of the best hospitals in the country.
Besides, the union would like to make it clear that East Jaintia Hills District is not a foreign breeding ground and through this statement the union strongly warns especially against the foreign nationals who are the source of pollution. u Hynniewtrep by being the sources of these foreigners.
“We will be poor people if we don't get the road,” said Samla Sandy.
I therefore believe that this should be good in Khasi-Jaintia.
East Khasi Hills came second with 18 medals (10 gold, 5 silver and 3 bronze).
However, can the introduction of different buildings go hand in hand with the development? The answer is yes.
However, the time will come when the United States will withdraw from its friendly relations with Israel for fear of other countries in the world that are against Israel.
At present, the ATM has been closed down and is no longer working. Therefore, the union urges the authorities to immediately repair the ATM, so that it will be easier for the people. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in Ri Bhoi Sepng,” he added.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Meghalaya government has decided to continue the ban on the entry and exit of people at the border even if the curfew is imposed. Lock down in India will end on 15th June
In the second half, Nongnah SS beat Nolikata SS 2-0 col.
Israeli Army Chief of Staff Rear Admiral Daniel Hagara said Israel had destroyed 100 shelters and 100 shelters. headquarters of Hamas militants.
Which were born, not of blood, nor of the right hand, nor of the left hand, nor of the will of man, but of God.John 1:1
Among these villages, there are those who are still in Niangryndia and there are also those who are skilled in weaving Ryndia Jain and designing and weaving other types of Ryndia Jain according to the wishes of the farmers, especially in Khweng Village.
“If you have to work with others in the Government, will you give or not, or is this only if you win 31 MLAs,” she asked.
Reshab Subedi scored 59 runs off 42 balls (8x4s, 2x6s) while EKH bowlers Raj Kishor Yadav (2/32) and Rahul Kumar (2/47) took two wickets each.
Nongpoh: U Bah RB Shadap, President of the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA), on Tuesday expressed his gratitude to the state government for the proposal to turn the Kurkalang Ground at Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong into a national stadium.
The mobile phone of Bah Harnet Riangterm of Langdongdai village, Mawshynrut Block, West Khasi Hills District, has been lost at Riangdo on
India have reached the semi-finals five times out of 13 ODI World Cups (1983, 1987, 1996, 2003, 2011, 2015, 2019 & 2023).
These birds have been flying on the road to Demthring, a village a few kilometers from Jowai on the other side of the Myntdu River for more than two months.
On the occasion of Eid, Salman Khan has released the film Bharat and this time, the film starts with a big bang.
Prestone said this while explaining the RTI request of the residents of Sohiong for the MLA Scheme, which they alleged that the former MLA Samlin Malngiang has misused the MLA Scheme. only the name but the money they didn't get.
On November 10, the NIA conducted a search operation across Tamil Nadu and said: “After swearing allegiance to IS militants, Mubeen planned to to cause heavy damage especially to places of worship with the intention of carrying out terrorist attacks among groups selected and intended to attack.
According to Kong Kharshiing, there are about 25 households in the village who have ration cards but do not receive the rice due to the wrongdoing of the village authorities and the distributor.
Shillong, Iaiong 12: A strong wind has struck Mawlam Village, about 15 kilometers from Pynursla, this morning at 9.30 pm. houses in three villages of Raid Mawlam including 22 houses in Mawlam, 7 in Mawiang and 10 in Ryngku.
