However, what happens now is that the MLAs will decide freely and I don't have anything to say about that.
“We also urge the Government not to intimidate the ASHAs to be dismissed if they do not stop the strike because if the Government makes a wrong decision and dismisses the ASHAs who are striking for their rights, , the Seng will not hesitate to come forward and fight against the State Government,” said the leader.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh MDC of the Congress from Mylliem said that they have a state government which instead of protecting has tried to destroy.
The Dorbar Shnong has also prepared accommodation for those who wish to stay overnight at the Guest House, Khliehriat. 8132002479 and at Wika Guest House, phone number –
In the Bachelor of Science 1st Year (Honours), 1469 candidates appeared and 1140 candidates passed, with a pass percentage of 77.60%.
The smuggling of these pigs into his area, which is located near the road from Jorbil Killing to 13mer Killing, has caused a stir in the area.
The government's delay in providing the necessary services has been a great loss to the people of the area as many of them have gone to the office but have to return empty-handed.
In the 2nd Division, Lumshyiap SC beat Laitumkhrah SC 1-1 with S. Makai scoring 47' while T. Marboh beating Laitumkhrah SC 34'
I answered, that they might know who came with me, how shall I know who is left alone?
Before the young men and women left the Seng house in traditional costumes, they left the Seng house in traditional costumes to walk through the Nongstoiñ market with risa, kynhoi and phawar until they reached the market. New Nongstoiñ Square which is also the venue to celebrate this special day of the Seng Khasi.
Mehmood was arrested by the FIA ​​on Thursday night from Karachi airport while trying to flee the country.
KSU Mawprem beat Black Diamond 33-21 points and Kevin Shabong of KSU Mawprem was named player of the match.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that for students and those working outside the North East, the state government will issue forms to register if they wish to register. come back to your house.
Also, it is not allowed to play music near schools, places of worship, health centers and residential areas especially after 10 pm.
Speaking to media after a meeting to understand the number of staff providing services in health centres, Kong Ampareen said that there is a shortage of doctors, compared to the number of nurses. , the State is too much.
Yes iww.
Reply from the Editor: This news is according to the information of the journalist, but if the man has explained that he was not present at the meeting, then it has ended like that and we will explain to them. Allan, who was not present at the meeting, asked the readers to accept the explanation.
All these billionaires came by their own planes and the aircraft landing ground of the Indian Air Force has been converted into a private landing ground.
We have to answer to the people," Pilot said.
Kamala Harris has set a record in history by becoming the first American and Asian woman to hold the highest position as Vice President.
If we ignore this rule of our ancestors, it will lead to destruction in many areas, especially to the extinction of the species because of genetic disorder through genetic legacy2
Therefore, the Waheh Shnong requests the government authorities and the education department to send the relief goods as soon as possible so that it will not cause any problems to the students, teachers and also to the students. the citizens who voted.
Wailad in his speech said that roads are the source of development and he is pleased that as a leader he has been able to renovate all the roads in the constituency and this is a great benefit.
In the final match, Mulang Ialong beat Ksehsylle Ialong 5-1
Speaking at the meeting, Balios Swer said that the reason why he decided to join the BJP is because he has confidence that only this party can lift the ban on coal mining. the NGT in the state.
There are schools where we spend Rs 10 lakh, Rs 15 lakh and there are schools where we spend Rs 37 lakh,” he said.
Three days after the stone throwing incident in Tura, Tura MDC from the BJP, Bernard N Marak, on Friday admitted that the length and duration of the meeting which lasted for three hours and The lack of information to the public outside the country regarding what was discussed at the meeting between the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the political parties, is one of the main reasons that led to the violence. The Prime Minister's Office.
Sniawbhalang said the government has taken this order after the HPC has asked for three months to respond to the government's proposal.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP Working President Bah Jemino Mawthoh, who inspected the road today after the death toll from the landslide, said it was painful to see the road. How to construct this road because it is very rough and lymmuh.
The hearing of the cases will be held at 11 am.
Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven.
The HNLC also acknowledged that some journalists have been warned by the police not to provide accurate reports on the visits of government employees. State and Government of India offices were found to be open but seats were empty.
“There have been thieves or robbers who have tried to extort money or steal from shops, by starting to use weapons,” said Bah Kitborsing. The crowd visited Mawkyrwat market and even on the streets.
It was through the information of these two persons that the name of Algrin Ch Marak was arrested by the police this morning.
“To survive the country and the nation, we cannot blame the people, it is up to the leaders to change, it is up to the leaders before they change that the expectations of the people will be fulfilled. urlong.
India's annual demand for rice is 150 lakh metric tonnes, while Karnataka alone needs 20.19 lakh metric tonnes.
Furthermore, all officers and personnel involved in theft should be punished.
Many of us don't know but tympew leaves can also fight against malaria.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 3: The West Khasi Hills District Boxing Association (WBAA) has sent a letter of congratulations to Wanshaibor Shyrkon, a 57 kilo boxer from West Khasi Hills District, who will take part in the 4th Men and Women Youth Boxing Competition. It will be held on 11th November 2022 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Archbishop Dominic Jala said that the emergence of these demon worship groups has misled especially the youth of the Church.
“Thank you Sahep,” said Bah Shanbor. After explaining everything he didn't understand, he left.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The residents of Shella Village Council (KHADC) have demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should hold a public election for the Secretary of Shella Village Council. 23 days Rome.
It is here that they say, “If you don't give, it won't happen and if you don't give, it won't happen”.
“Since the establishment of IATA, we have never received any assistance except for water tanks and toilets from the SDO office, although we have written many times to the relevant department. “It's a good idea to have a tourism industry in Meghalaya,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the National Law University (NLU) at the Temporary Campus at Mayurbhanj Complex, Shillong.
I am sure he will be able to play well and help the team in every way," said Chennaiyin owner Vita Dani.
He also found that there was a sign of the earthquake as recorded in the Bible.
If there are 100 jobs, and the recruitment goes as it is now, it means that the recruitment will be as follows – Khasi 40, Garo 40, UR 15, Other
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: A team of doctors led by Joint Director R Budnah today visited West Garo Hills after receiving a tip that a fever has been reported. try.
The union also urges the State Government to open more Corona Care Centers under the supervision of the Government in Jaintia Hills as there is still a shortage of these Centers in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: Phudbyrnei SC and Laitmawhing SC will face off for the second division title of the TASA tournament after winning the semi final on Saturday.
The 16th State Aquatic Championship 2023 was held by the Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) on Saturday at Crinoline Lake.
Think and reflect on the truth and the good deeds if we want our state to grow and move forward.
“This piece is still in progress.
The site has been constructed and beautified by Mawten Village in collaboration with the Block Development Officer, Mawkyrwat under the 100 days scheme at a cost of T.2 crore.
Nongpoh: The four prominent political parties in the state, including the KSU, FKJGP, HYNF and RBYF, continue to raise public awareness on their opposition to the CAA. demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
As a step to serve the community, the students of the neighboring schools in the area where the college is located are invited to take part in this programme.
The meeting was conducted by Minister Passah, MPHF President Rotary Club Jowai and welcome speech was delivered by Rtn.
Therefore, u Bah Kharbani urged the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep not to spend too much time just criticizing or talking lorni in the articles or comments because they are not pleasant and interesting but they are the Therefore, u Bah Lamphrang Kharbani has called upon the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to come out on the day of the rally in Shillong. The Joint Action Committee on the Border of Meghalaya (JACBOM) will be convened in the coming days to discuss the auction of the land of Meghalaya to the Assam government. the first demarcation of these two states.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will march from the Polytechnic Institute, Mawlai to Jaiaw Shyiap-Lumpyllon Community Hall from 3 pm on the 4th of June.
Shillong, Jymmang, 10: As part of the scheme within the armed forces, 35 children with disabilities have been brought to visit the Raj Bahvan, Shillong.
Now there are the Khasi and Jaintia Autonomous District Councils which have improved their customs and traditions from the rule of the Rangbah or Sardar Shnong to the Himas of the Doloi and Syiems and others. There was a slight change in the rule of the French and the Dkhars.
Two residents of Mukroh and an Assam Forest Guard were shot dead by Assam Police on 22nd November 2022 in Mukroh after a clash.
He said that a single vote to the Congress will be a support for its decision, which for us is unacceptable.
In the meeting with the officers from the district, state and central government who briefed him on the implementation of various schemes in South West Khasi Hills District such as education, roads, water supply, etc. other development schemes.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the attack on the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) in Tura during the talks between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. and the Seng Bhalang, it is a case of “political activism” because many of those arrested are members of various political parties.
After this incident, the chiefs of the British Government fled from the Nongkhlaw Hima and the British Government immediately sent troops from the Bengal Native Infantry to defeat the Khasi Hima including Pa'iem Tirot Singh.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) West Jaintia Hills, which is one of the groups that takes responsibility for bringing peace and order in the society. the community.
“He said that he will allow for a fair discussion to revive beneficial policies and laws.
It was also observed that in government owned places, signs such as flags and others have been placed, which are against the rules of the Election Commission.
“We have had many issues between the government and the district council such as the post of Rangbah Shnong, the ponding of VAB, the land allocation of MUDA,” said the CEM. the government and the district should work together to bring about the welfare of the people.
The political leaders said that if the constituency division is in the form of 19 to 17 and the friendly match will bring loss to the UDP. Sohra MLAs are from the UDP, according to the political leaders, this will not be a loss for the UDP which both the parties have managed to lose.
At this meeting held at Dinam Hall.
With you I will send the horse and its rider.
These items were seized by the BSF troops of the 4th Battalion.
If they listen, it is like encouraging the wicked.
It is alleged that by the time the fire trucks arrived, all the houses had been destroyed and the residents had become homeless.
They were welcomed to the party by Bah Alexander L. Hek who is also the Minister of State in the presence of State General Secretary Bah Evarist Myrsing, State Vice President Bah Khraw Basaïawmoit and others. party officials.
In the first phase, it will be for 150 civilians and 50 officers from various departments.
“We must remember that this NPP-led government is struggling to ignore the rights of the people,” said Dr Batskhem. Other programs will be announced later.
In the second leg, SBSA Academy EJH beat Ialong FC 1-0 with a goal from Das Dkhar in the 74th minute.
The meeting was attended by the ISG of Meghalaya, M&C FTR, Assam and Tripura FTR of BSF, DIGs of all sectors of BSF FTR, Rep of NCB, MHA and Force HQ of BSF. with one mind to look after each other so that nothing will happen that will disrupt the peace and order.
Aditya Singhania led Meghalaya by taking four wickets for 18 runs.
During this visit, the children will be able to visit historical sites such as museums, military memorials, science cities and tourist attractions.
On income, he said that without a strong income, the people of the constituency or even the state do not have access to education, health and other necessities.
The theme of this training is on integrated farming or to teach how to farm and raise crops on the same farm.
He said the use of security forces was done according to the needs and demands of the work.
Amit Shah said that under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, we will resolve the differences on the border in the North East and this will be a great victory.
The MDP is the party that split from the UDP last year, under the leadership of Bah BB Lyngddoh, Bah Mukhim and others from the Meghalaya House corruption in Kolkata.
It is to be recalled that this is the first time in the history of Ri Lum Janitia that foreign groups who are also famous have come to perform in Jowai.
Therefore, he said that to develop these tourist spots, the people need adequate roads where at present from Lad-Mawreng to Mawkyrwat they have only a clean road. .
“Everyone thought that the NPP would not have a candidate for the Shillong seat but today we have a candidate who is qualified to lead from this constituency.
Awards were also distributed to the participants of the Run for Unity, PMGDISHA certificate and PM-SYM.
The name Jesus is foolishness to them.
On the other hand, the SP congratulated the people especially the puja organizers who have worked closely with the District Administration and the Police to conduct the puja smoothly without any disruption.
In Ribhoi, there are 58 cases, including 18 high risk contacts and 22 cases in Khweng.
From the beginning, there was knowledge and recognition and from then on there was a closeness and every time they went out together.
These mobile tablets cost T.8990 each and were purchased from M/s Lava International Ltd.
I organized a workshop for the youth where experts came and talked to the children.
Those who went to Delhi to discuss the ticket arrangements included DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I), who admitted that he was close to Ronnie Lyngdoh. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State, and many others left to support Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh as the candidate they approved.
He said that he has deposited this money in the MLA Charitable Fund which is to help the poor and low income fund. Increase the honorarium for Anganwadi workers.
Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, Principal, St. Edmund's College, gave a talk on the life, preparation of Rev. Thomas Jones and the challenges he faced.
The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 will be held at the District Level Inter School Football Tournament.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) recently held a protest at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi to demand the Central Government to approve the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). Khasi and Garo in the Fifth District and to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
However, Sawmer SC, which had no hope and needed to win to secure themselves in the top flight, scored the first goal in the 8th minute through Diego A Khyriem.
The Mawphlang MLA said that he has already raised this issue in the House to resolve the traffic jam and it has been discussed from time to time but the problem has increased with the passing of the days.
This was decided during the visit of the CFO to Saba on Friday in the presence of the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka, Ma Chawas Lyngdoh, the Dolloi of Shilliangmyntang Elaka, K Sariang, Saba Village Leaders and farmers of Mooshrot Village. .
The HSPDP will not rise or fall, but will win one by one.
“How sad and painful it is to see the residents of the Border area who are still in darkness without electricity and who are still being neglected in development works. “It is very difficult for the Government of Meghalaya-India especially in terms of roads to travel to and from the area because the road to this area is still on the ground road as it used to be,” he said. Establish.
Another problem is that there is no qualified staff to update the pass books at the bank, which has caused problems to the people and the shortage of counters which have only 2 counters, which is a problem for the bank. good.
Religion is the cornerstone of knowledge.
In the fourth match, Moosalyngkat beat Lion Sports and Youth Affairs 1-1
He said that they will be committed to the end of the curfew on 14th June 2020 and they will see what decision the Indian government will take after that day.
That is why it is called Good Friday.
“Both sides are affected by the Niut and we as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills urge the government to immediately resolve this issue for the sake of the cleanliness and health of the people. ", he added.
The winners of the marathon were Teibanstone Warjri from Thynroit, second place went to Denzil Gordy Warjri from Mawlai, third place went to Bateiskhem. Warrior and Thynroit.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 4th Battalion on Friday rescued 70 cows from the border of West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya. Bangladesh.
Not only that, it was reported that a woman was raped on the same day and the brother of the woman was killed just because he went to release the rape victim. you're your brother.
“I feel it would be good if there is an independent committee with members from prominent people of the state, various groups,” he said.
Langsning beat Shillong Lajong FC 3-0
There are 2 deaths in East Khasi Hills.
In a statement, the government said, “The government is determined to look after the needs of teachers and the development of education of the youth of the state. under the banner of JACATAM to refrain from holding protests which will endanger the students and teachers,” said the statement.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the scanners, Bah R.Syiem from Byrnihat PHC, said that the scanning will be for those who come from outside India and also from other states, especially those who countries and states that have been affected by covid
Banjoplang Wanniang came first, Jomsingstar Ramsiej came second and Willborn Wanniang came third. The winners in the women's category were Bandasharai Marweiñ. Marqueenless Ramsiej came second and Daplin Wahlang came third.
“On the part of the Seng, we hope that the State Government will not delay this work,” said the General Secretary of MGSPHSVA, Bah Shane Thabah.
While Mahindra Dutt's men's shirt costs T.380 each, Citizen's women's and men's shirts cost T.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar has organized this program as part of encouraging and motivating the children of the Dkhar Kur from the youth to the elderly men and women.
Finley Pariat said that this time the Athletics has improved not only in the games but also in the medals.
Referring to other decisions, the EC has decided to meet with the Minister of DCA and the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma soon to discuss the Bills. The CEM said that the Bills that the Council will discuss with the MR include the Land Bill, the Village Administration Bill and the Hima Amendment Bill. bad District.
The Jirang C&RD block office has been declared a containment zone for a day from 21st July to 28th July.
It may be recalled that on the issue of the students of the LP SSA School in Khliehumwang, the MLA of Nongpoh, has also raised a question in the Legislative Assembly, on On the other hand, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, said that the government has taken steps to discuss and especially to assist the school.
Therefore, if you have common sense, you must be like human beings.
We must make progress especially in the field of education.
Batskhem said the VPP's movement to review the policy does not discriminate against any ethnic group against others, but is only to ensure that there should be justice in this regard.
We human beings have done too much, but many of us are still short and full of mistakes.
DV Lyngdoh, ADC, G Sarma, Regional Manager of SBI and Deepak Singha Roy, Regional Manager of MRB also spoke at the meeting. program.
His shooting death shook Mawlai and the entire Khasi Hills.
“On the allegation that Bah Pala has failed to hold DISHA meetings in the constituency, Bah Ronnie said it should be understood that in the past 2-3 years there has been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. -19 and a lot of schemes have not been released by the central government.
The Best Player of the Above-16 (boys) category was won by Ehboklong Nongrum of Kyntiew Shaphrang High School.
The case was heard by Justice Surya Kant and Justice JB Pardiwala.
There are about 5-8% of the Garo living in the Khasi Hills, including other ethnic groups, such as the Hajong and Banai.
Now we have to learn first, we don't even know our own history”.
“The KSU urges the government to immediately remove the Nepalis who have infiltrated Nongmensong as these communities have been harassing the Khasi from time to time,” said the statement. KSU Nongmensong Unit President C.Khyriem.
We are truly pleased to say that we are truly blessed by God that this Relic of Don Bosco will remain with us in this state forever.
Malang said that yesterday to express their opposition to these Coke factories, the ECC held a rally in East Jaintia Hills where they came to express their voice. The Prime Minister has clarified that only Coke factories without permits will be allowed but the voice of the people wants the government to immediately close down all Coke factories without permits. within this area.
It was the British Government that divided the Jaintia Hima and removed the king for ten years and lost the Pnar villages to Karbi Anglong.
B.Kharmalki, General Secretary of the Meghalaya User's Forum, told about his journey in the field of drugs and received encouragement from Hame Shaniah Suiam, a kick boxer, on how to succeed in life without drugs.
It is worth mentioning that on Saturday night at about 5 pm, there was a heavy fight between two groups of youths on this road. he was shot.
From the speech of the MDC Mawhati, although he did not speak against the names of the people, it is understood that the purpose of his speech, was after he saw a verbal argument between the Angela Rngad, President of the Thma U Rangli (TUR) and Prestone Tyngsong, Secretary to the Chief Minister.
At the same time, the Union appeals to the residents of the district to come to an understanding of what has happened and to forget about this incident in order to bring about the development and glory of the district.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, said that the state government will soon convene a meeting with all the leaders of various groups and organizations to discuss the issue. The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has passed the MRSSAB,
The Bible is like a mirror to see our sin James 1:23, and so on.
If their elected representatives hate the BJP party, their elected MLAs will join them.
Ester (44) and Hunbait (50) scored the other two goals.
Neog was expelled from the Congress party on November 25 for anti-party activities and Goala was expelled in March 2020 for anti-party activities.
YC Pdengkarong has qualified for the final of the Pre-League Invitation Football Tournament 2021 organized by the Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA).
“If the government or our leader listens to these Sengbhalang leaders who are not paid at all, it means that our district is ruled by these non-Sengbhalang leaders while their jobs are the same,” he said. , said the Rangbah.
There was a time when I asked a man who was still a Khasi about the first people in the world, he didn't say Iawbei and Thawlang, but he said Adam and Eve.
Nongpoh, March 05: The Ri Bhoi District Cycling Association (RIA) today organized a cycle race for the first time. The District Level Cycling Race was held at Pahamsyeim.
The NSCN(IM) has alleged that the arrest of Alemla Jamir, a minister in the NSCN-IM government, has been shocking and surprising. organization.
Scientists believe that the nature of this celestial body is exactly the same as the earth, although they believe that it is colder or warmer than the earth.
“We have allocated T.7500 crore in three years which means T.2500 crore per annum for the states of the region and this is awaiting approval from the Finance Ministry,” he said.
“We will meet with the government, we will give it time, if it cannot do it, we will do it ourselves,” said Ardent. that this is the responsibility of the government.
He said that for this scheme, the Government of India has allocated funds to implement in rural areas at a cost of T.10/- lakh, of which T.6/- lakh will be from the government and T.4/- lakh will be the beneficiaries.
In East Jaintia Hills, it will be held in Khliehriat and in Sutnga, it will be held in Jalaphet Pyrdung.
That is why, when God established a Government, He said that man should honor that government, for all things are from Him by Him and to Him.Romans 11:3
Ltd, Kolkata, has been arrested.
The accident happened at 9:45 PM near the petrol pump at Tuber Shohshrieh.
After the departure of Loom Soo-Iung Newhill from the Tympang Club, there was a dispute over the ownership of the land known as Sohthiat.
Foreigners and people from all states of India work in Tamil Nadu.
The KSU leader also warned that if the government does not agree to implement the ILP during their meeting with Mukul Sangma on the 29th, it will face continuous protests until it surrenders and believes in the ILP. this is your claim.
All the Waheh Shnongs in Jowai are executive members of the synjuk.
Shillong: Voice of the People Party (VPP) MLA Adelbert Nongrum has strongly criticized the NPP-led government for its inability to evacuate people from the Mawlong Market area.
He said that the union has explained to the village that a crematorium will be built in this area, which according to the present era, will not affect the community. which is according to the new age of science, but the village has survived.
Similarly, Bah K.Tariang, Secretary of Jarain Village, said, “The reason why they are against handing over to the NGOs is because there are health centers run by the NGOs, they have not been able to provide the services. which is sufficient for the people".
He said that although the government has urged to refrain from illegal activities, the HNLC continues to commit illegal activities and this has given a bad image to the intention to call for talks.
Initially it looked like Djokovic would win his fifth straight title, the fifth title of the tournament and the 24th of his career, but the 36-year-old was eliminated. Alcaraz has been given the opportunity to showcase his skills and win the second title in his career.
The child was found by two youths from Umtong village who were on their way to khwai.
It is learned that the Cheetah's signal system and Air Traffic Control were lost at 9:15 pm.
Amala Sabrina Headmistress of St. Anthony Secondary School Jaidoh, Sr.
However, at the same time, he said that the flag raising which started on the 11th of this month to protest against the forced MeECL to sign contracts, continues without a deadline with the participation of all the employees. bills from all districts and divisions.
He said that when we looked at the ANVC in Garo Hills and talked to the ANVC, but the Surrendered ANVC came out and this too is causing more and more confusion.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle on Monday held a disinfectant campaign at Nongtalang CHC, Nongtalang, West Jaintia Hills District.
During the meeting, it was discussed how to improve the quality of local clothes, whether it is in the field of airup, ohshrong ohshrup, marketing of clothes and exchange of views.
Edwina Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, 52, of Umran Dairy, has died shortly after being electrocuted.
There have also been landslides in many parts of West Khasi Hills District and flooding of roads which has also affected the traffic of the people.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Lakador Syiem, has urged the owners to bring the cows to Dawki Police Station.
It is expected that the Shillong Western Bye-Pass will serve more specifically the Northern and North Eastern regions of Ri Lum Khasi as the Eastern Shillong Bye-Pass has served more specifically the Western Region. The north of the Khasi Hills, which is much higher than the Jaintia Hills as a whole.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang in the presence of Bah Victor Ranee, MDC Jirang, many other NPP leaders and elders of the area.
Other bronze medals went to Kyrshanlang Shylla, Repol Dkhar, Renaldi Dhar and Henry Yoga A Sangma, who finished third in the men's 4x100m relay in 44.22 seconds.
On this occasion, it was witnessed that many of the faithful who have their relatives who were buried at this place came to take part in the offering of the Holy Mass and to lay flowers and burn candles at the cemetery. burial place of their loved ones and to pray for them.
The second match of the Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 will be played between Sohryngkham SC and Madanryting SC at 4:15 pm.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has learned that regarding the MBBS admission in Meghalaya through the State Quota, there are many other ethnic groups who have been included in the Open Category.
“When asked, he said that the Managing Committee and the government, what are they; On the other hand, the teachers don't have any information because they are only employees and we receive our salaries from the government”.
Sanjay Sharma, a resident of Achan village in Pulwama, was shot dead by militants on his way to a market in the area on Sunday.
Acts 8:20 This is against the will of God.
During the inspection, the members of the Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu, found that along the construction of this road, there is a widespread landslide which has put the Wah Myntdu in danger. of the snow when the rain came.
The match between Nangbah Iawmusiang and Demthring ended in a 1-1 draw for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai. at the King Stadium, Jowai.
The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) on Monday launched its donation Lucky Draw to promote its mission to promote good causes for the community. the entire playing field of the synjuk.
According to Pyndap, if the Administrator comes, it will cause problems to the people and the community because the Deputy Commissioner will not come to rule. to this nation,” said Bah Pyndap.
It is therefore important for the State Government and especially the leading MLA, to create opportunities for the improvement of education and knowledge in the area as a whole.
When it comes to the game, there was a strong tone of play.
You're from Mawprem.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah has been able to monitor and implement within seven months the arrest of gang leaders including Deepak. Boxer, and Pakistani militant groups, officials said.
She said that the government has allocated 10 lakh tyngka free of interest to 46 farmers' cooperative societies to run markets and other necessities.
“After a thorough meeting with the Congress leaders, I have decided to enter the political arena and contest the MLA election from Jowai,” said Daniel. and requested the Congress supporters and the residents of Jowai to give their support to him to become the leader of Jowai.
He said that thanks to the immediate action of the people from the west and the Meghalaya government, the two men were able to return safely from the state.
Members of these organizations blocked the National Highway 26 in Hanjanglangso and the National Highway 39 in Dillai.
The Commission has not only sought information from other states of India but has also sought views and comments, especially from the Services Associations of the State.
Men can now marry at the age of 21 and women at the age of 18 and through this new law, the government has had to amend the Prohibition of The Child Marriage Act, Special Marriage Act and Hindu Marriage Act, in order to comply with the new Act.
Agnes complained that many villages in the area who want roads have not yet received them because the government does not have the funds.
After the arrest, they handed over to the police for further investigation and Mohan and his family members have sought police protection due to the threat.
The union said that other Dorbar Shnongs should take action especially like the landlords that they should not be happy just to give houses to foreigners who are not locals but should think first. HANM President L Syiemsad said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
In 1866, Lt. WJ Williamson, Assistant Commissioner of the Hills, was able to bring the district under British rule.
The truck owners met with RK Pareek and Pawan Joshi, President and Secretary of Dewbilat Factories.
Now that we have prepared the list of these projects but when they don't come back, all hands point to the MLA because he can't implement the projects,” he said.
The unity of the former leaders especially those who led during the struggle for the Hill State is indeed encouraging and hopeful for the future of the country and the nation.
He urged the government if it does not have the right funds to build the Block Office, it should not come and mislead the public even after it has been opened.
He said that the ULFA leader has been an MP twice and the HNLC leader is a Minister and the chairman is an MLA. There is nothing for the government to bring peace in the state.
The MLA and district authorities together with the village leaders visited the area on Narbong Road which has been turned into a garbage dump. The smoke from this area has also witnessed a widespread smoke in Iew Byrnihat.
India has grown economically, and if all the states in the country support each other, in the next 25 years, we will no longer have to pay T.70 or 80 per US dollar. ," he added.
Shillong, July 2: After the visit of the Prime Minister to Shillong, it is now the turn of the chief leader of the Aam Admi Party (AAP).
Kitboklang Rngad scored 87 runs (15×4 and 2×6) without falling, Jemi Laloo scored 16 runs (2×4), Armorando Shullai of Chutwakhu took two wickets in 4 overs. .
The ceremony saw the virgins in traditional costumes descending on the dance floor, together with the young men dancing in front of the hall, with swords and white rymphui in their hands, to the sound of bombs and nakra together. the sound of the trumpet is holy.
“I feel they shouldn’t say anything more than that until the negotiations come to an end.
This came after they beat Goa 2-0 on Tuesday through goals from Eiladki Ksoo and Danishisha Lyngdoh.
It is a fact that in government places, only government employees, that is, those who work in government jobs, should stay equally and when their term of office expires, they should leave to be replaced by others. still at work.
Two of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills districts.
Meghalaya today played against West Bengal for the semi final of the biggest tournament in the country.
Before the awards ceremony, there were speeches from the leaders of the Sengbhalang and there was also an interaction between the Sengbhalang leaders and the students.
Justine Dkhar, Local MLA and Local MDC Laski Rymbai were the chief guests in the presence of Violet Lyngdoh, MDC Rymbai along with Sein Raij Tuber leaders.
Catatau joined Mumbai City on loan from Madureira for the 2021-22 Indian Super League.
Thus, the Central Government has released T.271.71 crore and the State Government's share is T.30.19 crore.
This year's Oscars were hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, who has been hosting for four years.
Speaking on the occasion, the Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi, Ma Kitbok Rymbai, said, “If Khliehtyrshi loses Madon as MDC, the village will die”. Secondary School and just to meet the shortage of schools I have sought ways and means to raise T.50 lakh to provide education to children from poor families”.
Congratulations to them for opening the way for them to compete against the best teams in the Asian Games.
The union has submitted its demands to the Prime Minister today and these include the opening of border markets at Majai, Bholaganj, Ryngku and Nolikata market nearby. Ranikor and Sibari in South East Garo Hills District, which the Indian and Bangladesh governments had approved in 2014, but the project has been suspended due to lack of funds.
Three districts of Garo Hills have reached 95% in Aadhar registration and two have reached 90%.
There was a discussion between the police and the elders who were against the Syiem of Sohra.
He said that many schools in the border villages have been occupied by Assam and hundreds of kilometers of land have already been occupied, but the Meghalaya government does not know anything.
Shillong, Nailur 26: After the 40-month ban on quarrying; Bholaganj Land Custom has reopened the smuggling of stone today.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire which has caused severe damage to the area and it is understood that it will also affect the nearby factory.
The Catholic Bible in Khasi was launched by the Administrator of Nongstoin Diocese, Rev. Anselm Nonglang Diocesan, in the presence of Fr Johny Nongkynrih, Assistant Parish Priest of Kynshi Parish, Deacon Lamkupar Shangdiar and others. religious people.
At the same time, while informing that the number of Bengalis who are Hindus in Bangladesh is about 1.3 crore, Thabah said that if these foreigners decide to come to Bangladesh, This State, which will affect the paid citizens of Meghalaya.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing to find out the cause of the crash, the SP said. Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren on Friday expressed his condolences. The INDIA Synrop will win 13 out of 14 constituencies in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections in the state.
“There are people who live homeless near the Gucci store.
They also met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District under the banner of the Joint Action Committee (ARBPV). The government has not yet paid the money.
The President said that the goal of women-led development can be implemented if they have the opportunity to vote.
The rally outside the office of the Prime Minister started in the evening before the meeting between the Prime Minister and various groups.
Traffic will be suspended during the morning, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang.
Shillong, July 28: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday discussed the Presentation submitted by the Urban Affairs Department on how to improve the city of Shillong.
When they got home, they both started cooking the cow's heart.
Another issue, which HITO wants, is to relocate many military and federal security bases from the city to another agreed location.
But if I do that again, I’m afraid he’s threatened even to the point of taking his own life.
However, as today is the polling day, he did not allow himself to miss his vote.
On the other hand, the price of petrol in Shillong is 85.72 tyngka per liter while in other districts it varies slightly according to the location.
Special invitees include Kong Pristimai Jyrwa Nongsiej – Owner, JN Suzuki Mawblei (Two Wheeler Dealer), Arwin Rumnong – Owner, Synergy Gym, Samkhamti Diengdoh, Entrepreneur, Osmand Nongbri – MD, Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank.
“On the other hand, he said that the party has not said that it will not accept people from other parties but it will consider first and if it is entitled to accept, it will accept, not so it will not be accepted.
Fish vendors in Ïewduh said the permission came after discussions between them and the DC on Thursday.
However, at the time of cleaning, it was said that the contractor did not come to work and the road has been stalled and has deteriorated.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyay in Nongpoh, the Chairman of the Raid Nongtung Border Area Union, Bah Blikshon Sohtun, said that the Assam government The village authorities and the Meghalaya government have not informed the village authorities and the Meghalaya government about the implementation of the electricity distribution scheme in Sabuda villages. They have been forced to implement this electricity distribution scheme.
He said that he is still waiting for a written reply to the letter.
When I went to school, I didn't get sick, as I used to tell my husband, I got up early in the morning to provide for my children and I didn't get sick.
He said that the Chief Minister also has a vision to make Meghalaya drug free and therefore they will work hard by using social media Tweet.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Lawsohtun SC beat Umphyrnai SC 4-2 in the SSA 1st Division Football League 2023-24 at the SSA Stadium, Polo on Saturday.
At one meeting I went to see who said that.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Upper Shillong Circle and the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Upper Shillong Circle today held a meeting to express their opposition to the The Government has decided to allocate 13,500 square feet of land to the owner of Anjalee Petrol Pump.
CASTOR OIL AND OLIVE OIL.“Ingredient: castor oil and olive oil.
In the Khasi language there may be few suffixes and those that can be used at this stage are -ai, kor, dor, nong, jur, jor, ti, tang and others.
We will visit the border area as the government has scheduled to do so in April this year,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Robert Dkhar was elected as the Working President and there were four other Vice Presidents including Synshar Rapthap, Cliff R Nongrum, Theory Marboh, Bantylli Narry and Daniel Thangkhiew.
It is very sad to see the problems in the villages and townships which have caused many riots which have affected the peace and order of the people, due to the presence of some people who are accustomed to fighting against the as Rangbah Shnong, by causing division in the villages.
The government wants to fulfill its responsibility to protect itself from this disease because if we issue the SOPs it is not for the government but for the benefit of the citizens,” he added.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Khimusniang, Titos Bamon and hundreds of residents of Khimusniang came to listen to the grounds of these six candidates.
Therefore, as mentioned above, this change (whether it is the spelling of the jait, the adoption of the English jait, the change of jait, the adoption of the mother's jait or the adoption of the kpa) will not lead to error in the census of the Khasi; for out of one kind came many other kinds.
The owner of the house, Amabilis Khongjee, said that this is a small room that she has given to the elderly woman.
Yes, Shillong has been the Head Quarters or Capital of Assam since 1874 AD. However, the Government of Assam has not established a High School for the benefit of the students who study in Shillong.
“We will be able to confirm after receiving the report from the fish test and at least next month,” he said.
She said the committee has submitted five findings and 44 recommendations, and according to the report, 58 percent of school children under 10 years of age have mild muscle pain and up to 75 percent of children under the age of 12 get sick from time to time due to the weight of school bags.
He urged the youth of the district not to get involved in drugs and any illegal activities through social media. their benefit.
According to the SP, the owner of the shop owns a shop and a shop where he sells goods in a three-storey building.
The report also states that the contractor who does not have the right to repair the road from Jowai 69.20 km to Sonapur 141.50 km.
In another development, Narendra Modi has issued guidelines for the performance of his ministers and in a Cabinet meeting today, Modi has informed the ministers that They should give confidence in their activities to the government officers and he also suggested that any suggestion that the officers should act independently of their own duties.
The Seng is also surprised at the smuggling of dynamite bombs by those who commit this crime, as these bombs are only placed by the Government authorities.
“We have suspended our strike because the GHADC authorities have released our two month salary today,” said NGEA leader Brithen Sangma.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that the race is very intense but the party will do its best to elect one of the candidates.
At the closing ceremony of the 3rd AHOR 4×4 Off-Road Challenge, Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA Umsning Constituency was present as the chief guest, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, Bah Damian Umdor, President of Umsning Constituency. AHOR, other leaders of AHOR, elders, and other members of the public, who came to witness this race.
Lajong are in third place with 16 points from nine games, while Real Kashmir are in fourth place with 17 points from nine games.
The celebration was held at Don Bosco Higher Secondary School Byrnihat in the presence of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Health and Law. to take part as the chief guest and MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as the chief guest.
“It is difficult because the laws of the Central Government, the laws of the State Government are what we have to consider before taking a decision on this and the work is ongoing and we will continue to monitor,” he said. .
The war between Russia and Ukraine, backed by NATO, seems to be imminent.
The keys of the vehicles were also handed over to those who should have taken over these vehicles.
Speaking to reporters, DC Bah S.Kharlyngdoh said that the construction of these houses and restaurants came from the scheme of the Tourism Department about T.96 lakh. The construction of these houses has been carried out by contractors from Nongstoin and it is expected to be completed by November this year.
According to Nathaniel Kent in England, “in the fifteenth century people lived in poverty and misery in the crowded and dirty parts of the cities.
“We have no choice but to thank the Governor for his order to set up a Delimitation Committee.
Narendra Modi will be sworn in as Prime Minister on 30th June 2019 at 7 pm at Rashtrapati Bhavan. government of India.
Shillong: Ka KSU Iooksi unit today lodged a complaint with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek regarding the lack of doctors at the PHC in Shillong, three months ago. Doctor's leave doesn't go to school to train himself.
“Many times, they are arrested if they come from Pynursla or Sor Shillong, claiming that they come from Bangladesh or intend to sell to Bangladesh,” said Stil Khongsdir, who has been selling goods for decades. in this market.
The EM of the Elaka Department, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the Syiem of Sohra has asked for time and he has been given 10 months within the 25th of this month.
Shillong: A group of dancers from War Jaintia today left for Jamshedpur.
Ardent said that as of now, the KHADC has not received any share from the KHV in Mawphlang, and alleged that the management of the KHV and the Monolith Festival has been mismanaged. Former EM of KHADC in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, who also spoke in the House.
Ma Obil is survived by his wife Wanbha Shylla and nine children who live in Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District.
The award, which was introduced in 2006, is given to outstanding stars in their careers.
The Meghalaya Table Tennis team led by Bah Banshan Diengdoh (Coach) has left for the UTT 84th Senior National & Inter-State Table Tennis Championships-2
Aldin Kharshandi Secretary of MTTA, while talking to media, said that since the beginning of Covid-19, 110 tourist vehicles and 69 buses have been used by the state government to treat Covid-1 duty, but for five months the government has not paid their salaries.
Sohmynting Dongnein beat Khliehmyntdu Neinshnong 2-0
These village leaders discussed how to restore peace and order in the border areas of Lapangap village to avoid the constant harassment by the Karbi (Assam).
"This is not the first time that Anuraq has ordered those who want a license to plant shiphew trees and after that, they will get a gun license.
Shillong: The Muay Thai Tournament organized by the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) on Thursday started at Mawlai Mawroh Community Hall.
They also warned the officers in all departments and offices in the district to stop recruiting until the DSC Results are released so that young people from South West can apply for jobs. Khasi Hills District will not remain surprised and the union announces that the officers and district authorities will continue to suspend and if they do not do so the union will have to take other measures to call HITO President Paul Thyrniang said that the government has urged the youth to hold a protest.
The UDP also raised the need for a party election bill in the District Councils and the need for the passage of the Village Administration Bill, which is currently pending in the Ministry of Home Affairs. The petition, signed by Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the Seng, said that the party has created a problem in the Khadar rule in the villages.
Nongdawah CC beat Thynroit CC by 85 runs and Kyrmenskhem Nongpluh was named Player of the Match.
He has contributed some songs for our Seng.
This reminds me of the Bible account of the Good Samaritan.
However, they are still in the dark about the cause of the fire and plummet of these shops as it happened while everyone was sleeping.
He said that the EC should create the necessary measures and think of the farmers in any way because if the agriculture declines, everything declines from school, health. “It's a good idea to have a job while you're going to be able to do it,” he said.
Hundreds of supporters of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) from Dadenggre constituency came to join the National People's Party (NPP) and were welcomed by the candidate. who is also MLA James PK Sangma in the presence of other leaders.
Furthermore, the three women MDCs who were present also passed the Bill.
These new roads to be constructed soon include 12 in East Khasi Hills, 9 in West Khasi Hills, 19 in Ri Bhoi, 3 in Jaintia Hills, 11 in East Garo Hills and 21 in West Garo Hills.
In the 60 kg category, Wandalin Syiemiong came first, Bankira Kharkongor came second and Shwa Hime Dkhar came third.
When I read this book, the book of Jingim began to seindur.
The surprising thing about this fire is that even after almost all the belongings in one house were burnt down, but not a single page of the Bible was burnt down.
Before the implementation, this road was a busy road especially for school goers.
The CAG report said that there have been many shortcomings in the implementation of this scheme as a way of spending which is against the spirit of the BRGF. The Area Employment Councils (AECs) and Village Employment Councils (VECs) have not conducted a proper hearing,” the report said.
Nine passengers were from Tura and 12 from Williamnagar.
At the same time, he said that the expenditure of armed groups in the state such as tits, is due to the easy availability of weapons and this is the reason which has led the youth to commit acts of violence. to the community.
Ajima was also selected for the Indian squad but lost the opportunity to complete the final selection due to an injury during the tournament.
The PC has strictly prohibited the use of aquatic fishing methods in the Umngot and Umlew rivers and has also prohibited the illegal burning of forests in these villages. of East Khasi Hills District.
This law shall remain in force until further notice.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the neglect of this government school.
The border residents should understand that Assam is also part of India and not part of Bangladesh or any other country.
The president was Osi Dhar and the secretary was Lutmon Pyrtuh.
They also expressed their readiness to participate in the One Citizen One Tree program where they will plant one tree and one muster roll per tree across the area.
“Therefore, we have to wait for a while, we have to talk to the Assam Government and the Government of India and we will see what happens after talking to them,” he said.
The re-elected MLA from Nongkrem constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, on Tuesday, October 6, 2023, said that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) they will always be on the opposite side.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Pynursla today met with the MLA of Pynursla, who is also the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong to discuss many issues. which are for the development of the entire region.
Urging to take immediate measures to curb this problem, u Bah HM Shangpliang said, “Therefore, it is the responsibility of all of us to take measures to prevent the spread of the disease. you're in trouble".
Shillong: Sohryngkham beat Marbisu 1-1 in the 2nd Division of the SSA on Saturday.
However, they were turned away by many Khasi who worshiped the customs of mankind.
Jowai, June 15: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU-JHDU) led by its President, Ohibait Dkhar and General Secretary, Fivestarson Suiam has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. a letter from the Rangbah Shnong or Goan Bura of Umkhyrmi village prohibiting the Pnar people from cultivating in the area.
A port worker survived 30 hours after being hit by a massive explosion in Beirut.
OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School has started its IXth Inter School Knock-Out Football Tournament 2023 with a victory after beating Jaiaw Presbyterian School.
The Qualapaty Church is the oldest church of the Church of God which is the founder of the Church of God in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“In the last two decades, the suicide rate has increased from 7.9 to 10.3 per 100,000,” he said.
He said that in the past, there was no illegal land grabbing but after the village of Saba received the registration certificate, this land grabbing occurred.
Gabriel Wahlangu is a close friend of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma who has appointed him as an MDC in KHADC, while Albinus Kharbani is a close friend of KHADC. He is a close friend of Shillong MP Vincent Pala.
Mawpdang scored the second goal through Patsha Syiem in the 64th minute to secure the victory.
This is the first time that police have recovered up to 30 bombs. Police suspect that the bombs were planted by the GNLA with the help of ULFA leader Drishti Rajkhowa.
The IED blast occurred again in Jhalupara which was the strongest blast in the country.
Next year, when India hosts the G20 Summit, we bring ample opportunity to show the path and balance between technical self-sufficiency and foreign procurement.
These youths who have already been trained under the CTI, were awarded certificates and prizes for those who have passed and scored high marks in examinations, training, sports and other activities. others.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah L.Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong and Sordar of Raid Mawshun, Bah Nodrai Khongstid and also the family members of Raid Mawshun. He was the eldest son of Bah O.Khongkhliam and the brother-in-law of Bah Pilat Khongkhliam.
Shillong, Lber 26: There are 267 children in the state who have received assistance under the scheme of the state government.
LSN Dykes has imposed micro containment on three households after five new cases of Coronavirus were confirmed in Jowai.
The Chief Minister made the announcement on his Twitter account and said that he had to quarantine himself first and said that he had severe symptoms.
The father said that he was ashamed of his children because he did not raise them to become thieves, robbers and murderers.
KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit Publicity Secretary Juhhi Tariang said that the suspects were arrested from a truck registered RJ 07 GB 2246 after the KSU received a shrimp. who came into this area.
Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh today announced an allocation of Rs 50 lakh for the reconstruction of the Gurdwara Sahib and Guru Nanak School. Shillong, according to foreign media reports.
He said the government has also appointed 39 Labor Inspectors to look after foreign workers to register with the government.
At the beginning of the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong, Ma A.Dkhar, explained the purpose of the meeting. He also urged them to follow the example of Kiang Nangbah so that the village will be famous and honorable and an example to others.
Phrase: means 'tienkaplang-'tien is a short part of a word; the cup shall be divided into two or three parts; lang is together with one of the many.
At the time of writing, the strike continues and the NHAI has not pushed to send the equipment to start the repairs.
“I admit what you say.
It was during our time that the Governor’s approval was obtained.
At present we have 49 units of the NPP Sohra and out of these there are 40 small groups who do not want to join the NPP but want to work for me,” he said.
“As teachers we should be ready to help the children when they face problems in their lives,” she said.
We see that the Sabbath observance of the Jews was too strict and unacceptable because they did not worship God but the Sabbath.
The child said that she had applied for a certificate three times and the first time was on the 25th of July and the sordar was not at home. She said that she left on the 28th and on the same day she left twice, with other friends, while the others were given water by the Sordar.
“I lost a little bit in the MDC election and it is the support and love you have given me.
These needs of the state as a whole cannot be seen.
Only a few households in this village have their own fields to grow rice.
“All 6,459 villages in Meghalaya will be connected by colored roads and all roads will be improved,” the Manifesto said. to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
Furthermore, without respecting the soskular, the British Government began to build strong houses and strong military bases which were signs that the British Government intended to overthrow the Nongkhlaw Hima and others. that the Khasi kingdom is yours.
They beat KVS 4-0 on Thursday at the Tejas Football Ground in Delhi.
They are looking forward to receiving the new salary especially as the Prime Minister has spoken closely to implement it as soon as possible.
“Look at the policy of all the governments, they are against the poor because for several years now the government has not issued new permits to taxis to operate in the city. do you understand? “I only know that if a new permit is issued, it is the people of the state who will benefit and not the authorities,” he said.
How else do they take advantage of the opportunity to encourage the people to sing the song?
He said that for the examination of the cows, T.10 tyngka was charged each while for the examination of the ears, T.15 tyngka was charged each which meant that they had to spend T.25 tyngka. He said that no one has complained about the payment but the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem have argued.
The purpose of this meeting was to explain to the public the purpose and goal of the Revolution and to discuss many issues and problems that the Khasi people and the state as a whole are facing these days.
However, he urged the citizens to be prepared for the challenges of the world such as climate change, technological advances and others.
Do you need to talk about this?
All residents are also requested to wear masks when outdoors.
“We have set a deadline of 72 hours to complete the clean-up,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
“Do you mean you're still slow?” asked the Rangbah. “Maybe, I don't know...” Bah Shanbor replied.
And the sign of that is since 1948 AD Israel has been like a stone-cut tree.
“Education will make us a better person and bring us a better future,” said Dr. Mawthoh.
You see the Christian against the Christian.
“In fact, the government should have thought well of us the people living on the border and should have provided well especially in development works, because we are the protectors of the border, but if Meghalaya “If we continue to do this, the time will come when we will have to register electricity from Assam and even the land will have to be registered in Assam,” said one of the Longkmie.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on the other hand, said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare will meet with these students on the 17th of this month. saying they had no knowledge of it and had only seen it in the media.
Meghalaya will play against Services on Thursday.
“Last year, the recovery rate in hospitals was 54 percent and has increased to 76 percent.
Speaking on the slowness and suspension of the work done by the PWD department through the CRF scheme which has been allocated since 2019-20 about Rs 12.5 crore, the union said that it cannot help but blame the contractors. who are not able to complete this road.
More than 200 residents of Mawsynram have joined the BJP and were welcomed by the National Executive Member AL Hek.
However, Anish Charak with the help of Ram Gurung (15 not out) scored 67 runs for five wickets.
Mawphor has recently witnessed this festival and has also had the opportunity to talk to some of the organizers and performers of this festival. This game is held once a month and is held only on Saturdays.
They said that the government has fulfilled its duty through the PWD department but what remains now is the NOC from the District Council.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Damewanhi said that the reason for his decision to contest the election is on the basis of bringing about sustainable development for the people of the area.
Mawkyrwat, July 05: The Parish Nativity of Our Lord, as part of the celebration of the Golden Jubilee, on the 31st November, 2022, has gathered together the faithful from various denominations. this parish.
Therefore, they have to repair the road only with soil, which when it rains, the road becomes more difficult.
Recently, at the opening ceremony of Mawlai C&RD Block, members of the HYC welcomed the Chief Minister by carrying placards with slogans condemning him and also demanding ILP. They demanded ILP and put up placards on the shops in Mawlai-Mawtawar.
The semi final will be played on home and away basis from July 10, while the second leg of the tournament will start from July
Meanwhile, the BSF said that since March 2022, they have seized more than 3 lakh kilos of sugar intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah HG Lyngdoh, who was able to stop the incident, requested the KSU to cooperate with the district authorities. to maintain peace and order in the area and said that the police department will look into and take the necessary action.
Jowai: The District Authority in East Jaintia Hills today conducted a raid on these illegal coal mines in the area. various of the District.
The joining of TMC leaders, workers and members to the Congress in Garo Hills shows that the TMC will not achieve even what the BJP has achieved in Garo Hills,” Pala said.
Everyone is busy with his own work and doesn't have time to waste.
A few days ago, the HNLC issued a statement after the abduction of Tymmenbasan Dinar Syiemlieh from Umsur, urging the Garo rebels to release him immediately so that there will be no ethnic differences.
“The government has no intention of undermining the powers of district councils.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Meghalaya government through the directive of the Central Government is preparing to distribute 5 kilos of rice to the poor households in the state. Meghalaya.
“There may be any sudden change,” said one of the MLAs.
Through the heavy rainfall in the past few months, it has been observed that the force of the rain, has eroded all the road stones, the soil, in which there have appeared deep holes and which are the Small vehicles were traveling from Lad Lum Shyllong to Kseh Bilat on the Jowai highway.
Doctors, nurses and staff who look after and treat the woman, have to quarantine themselves and follow the guidelines laid down by the government.
Tynsong said the CID has started an investigation into the disappearance of the files related to the border area scheme from the Secretariat.
At present, there are three MLAs from Dr. Mukul's family, Zenith Sangma, his brother-in-law, Dikanchi D Shira, his wife. you are the son of Miani D Shira.
Besides these five MLAs, some of the constituencies where the Congress is still contesting are: (1) From Mawthadraishan constituency, the MDC of Rambrai has decided to contest from the Congress party. And if this young man works hard, there is a need for a sitting MLA who also holds the post of Minister in the present government.
On the night of July 3, 2023, robbers broke into the shop of Md. Monirul Haque in Mendipathar Bazar (North Garo Hills) and stole 21 mobile phones worth T.78,8 .
He said the government has a plan to promote tourism in the region and to ensure that it can implement it soon through the assistance of the AsEan Development Bank. With the help and support of the people, the income through tourism can be increased and at the same time he said that it is necessary to set up a Tourism Police for the safety of the tourists.
“We have sufficient documents to prove that we are the owners of the land,” said an elderly man named Dokton Lyngdoh.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,002 and the death toll to 1,4
The Waheh Shnong of Sonapyrdi, E Lamare, has strongly criticized the BSF for not hesitating to attack people who walk and stand.
In this regard, the DM has also issued an order ban ban people from entering or leaving the area until the order is lifted. the Containment area.
The tournament was attended by the children of the Sein Raij Rangad and was also attended by the Waheh Shnong Rangad, Bah Damon Lamo and other dignitaries.
Besides the parking lot, which the KSU has donated to the village, the KSU has also agreed to set up a parking lot to protect the people. from the foreigners, who have been waiting for how they can enter this beloved country.
Pial Langshiang scored 12' and Rikwis Mynsong 69' while Mukhla Umlangshor scored 9' and Nio Sumer 47'
About 50 teachers who sent letters through the Jowai post office attended the event.
So when all the people proposed his name, he too without hesitation decided to go ahead.
These organizations have announced that most of the money they receive is through donations.
It would be interesting and useful to learn more about the Mawbynna-Mawkynthei in this Khasi country especially as school children and young people.
“During the Covid-19 pandemic, the government has provided assistance through the MLAs to distribute the assistance. They don't have five kilos of rice and a tray of pylleng.
EG War and B. Marak, Finance BK Samiam, Treasurer D Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary Donboklang Wahlang, Publicity P Kharumnuid, Auditor Nirmal Terang and N Shullai.
In fact, the KHADC had called a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs yesterday to discuss the Gram Sabha but only a few attended.
“When the NDA was in opposition, Modi said it had exposed the government's corruption, but it had not deviated from what the people had decided.
The party will not stand idly by and will continue to grow and this is only a small beginning.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 has been passed by the Lok Sabha.
Before the tree planting ceremony, a short meeting was held by the President of the Rotary Club Rtn.
During the meeting, the group also handed over a petition to Modi to request him to work together for many issues and needs related to Meghalaya.
The Mayor of the village, Fabio Santavicca, said his wish is to revive the village, which is almost deserted.
Pastor Mansengh said that children, who are young, aged 12 years and under 20 years, are involved in this misguidance in their lives. There is no exact count of the number of these demon worshippers, because they went to their own houses and it was also reported that the knowledge of each other was that they were in the house. The group worships demons, is through motorcycles, which have numbers and drawings, which many do not recognize.
But this match will be more interesting," the Croatian coach added.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of HANM, Byrnihat Circle, today visited the foreign workers, who have been working in several factories in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi.
Seeking support for the NPP candidate from Mendipathar, Marthon Sangma, Conrad said that in Meghalaya, the NPP-led government has built more roads in the last three years compared to the last 30 years. Now.
“Birla said the CPA, Zone III, Northeast is a platform for the stakeholders to discuss the issues in the region and find solutions to them.
“Although I am happy to be in the party, there are many issues, misunderstandings in the party, the distribution of jobs to those close to me, which prevent the party from becoming stronger and stronger.
Although they may be able to complete the construction of artificial turf, it may not be according to the rules of the I-League.
“Chowdhury alleged that Mamata Banerjee said these words because she saw that the Congress had won the elections in Karnataka and felt that if she did not cooperate with the Congress, cannot be saved.
Another said – “From earth I have experienced the peace of heaven”.
The embassy, ​​which was recently temporarily moved to a Sudanese port due to the ongoing military conflict in Khartoum, said in a tweet: “It was The implementation of Operation Kaveri which lasted for 8 days.
Mr. Nang-oo Sari, Principal, P.O.Thadlaskein, West Jaintia Hills.
Regarding this, the DC said that he will hold a meeting with all the officers in the next few days to ensure that the festival will be smooth and disciplined. and thou shalt not be able to drink wine.
“We have also decided to announce the Mission Mode Program as a Pilot Project which will serve as an example to other villages and residents in the State if the villages and groups “If the government comes forward to work together, we will be able to reverse the environmental impact of the forests, rivers and streams,” said Conrad.
This comes after athletes from the two countries were banned from taking part in any tournament over Russia's invasion of Ukraine for more than a year.
It is learned that the Night Super, which was driven by Rai, overturned at 5 pm this morning, but fortunately, no casualties were reported. tragic event except for those with minor injuries.
Water supply is recognized only if the plant produces 55 lpcd of water at BIS:1
Not only that, it was also witnessed that when people park their vehicles, there are also those who throw plastic and bottles in the streets. “The Phot Umnew River is used for drinking water by Mawkyrwat and other neighboring villages,” said Shimtimon Blah.
The statement also said that Lawei Ba Phyrnai is an Educational Society, but now its members and supporters have thrown away the threat to take up arms. AK-47.
There should be no investigation or arrest by the Assam police when it happens in Meghalaya and the arrest by the Assam police is like the peace and order in Meghalaya is under the responsibility of the Assam government.
Shillong, March 7: Shillong Police have seized 29 vehicles from rural commercial vehicles entering the city in the past few days and fined up to Rs.11,300.
He said that when the state government appealed to the Supreme Court against the NGT ban on coal mining, the talks with the central government started from that time.
The first goal was scored by Mebanlam Lyngdoh in the 11th minute, the second by Sanborlana Lyngkhoi in the 41st minute and the third by Dapborlin Lyngdoh in the 60th minute.
Shillong, July 5: The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima has been shocked by the sudden resignation of him from the post of Acting Syiem of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
To move forward, both States must create adequate and implementable mechanisms, not just use force.
Condemning the price hike, AITC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope said that this is another excessive behavior of the Government while the people are protesting against the price hike of petrol and diesel.
They said that in the past years, they have worked hard to win their own candidate, but when they win, they turn away from the people.
When asked about the collapse of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government over Agatha Sangma's support for the CAB, Conrad K Sangma said the MDA government has no differences of opinion with its allies. “Of course, people are sad and angry to see that Agatha Sangma supports the CAB in the Legislative Assembly ( Lok Sabha) of India because they are afraid that our state will be overwhelmed by the Bangladeshis but I urge everyone to read and understand the new CAB,” he said.
When I read from the articles in the Bui of the Elaka of Doloi Nongphyllut and when I tried to monitor this party (Jaiñtia Dorbar), I found that in the struggle of the political parties this Seng (Jaiñtia Dorbar) ) has been taken over by other political parties and gradually it has been seen as dead, lost and dammed, but it is still alive today because its roots have not died.
Such counselors are called those who have passed the Counseling Psychology examination.
Jowai, July 20: U Ma Din Lamin, former Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang Village, after examining the situation of Umkiang Village, neighboring villages and Narpuh MDC Constituency, has announced that the There are many shortcomings and problems especially in the development of the economy and also in the field of development. On this occasion, Din has decided to contest again in the MDC election to be held next year anyway.
Shillong: There are 16 members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and about 30 of their assistants, Director General of Police R. Chandranathan said.
The Government's permission to delay this work has kept them in power.
The group that hacked into the ICMR website is Resecurity, an American company that went public under the name 'pwn0001' on 8 March
Due to the deterioration of the transformer, it was reported that there has been a disruption in the education of the youth and also caused panic in the village, especially at night.
“For many years the Prime Minister has examined and now we want to get the result,” said Babu Birbor.
To date, this plan has not been fully realized and is still under discussion.
At this programme, Bah Shylla honored these people with disabilities, who have given service to the community.
instead of protecting the state from the four Sian u.
On the issue of coal transportation, we don't know anymore these days, because this subject has become a hot topic and we don't know why various organizations, from Waheh Shnongs, Sengbhalang, have reached a conclusion. The government has announced that contractors can bring in foreign workers, but only if they are not available from the state.
The world can see; but the light of the soul shall be in the heart of each one and in the sight of God.
He said the meeting will discuss issues such as the government's requirements for government employees to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong and to be members of political parties.
The 10 MLAs also said that the bloodshed against the indigenous people should end with the partition of Manipur.
Recalling the MDA-I Government, the President said that the party has worked physically and spiritually with other political parties until the end of its term.
Ms Darimika Lywait explained about the project Link Worker Scheme which works for people at risk of HIV AIDS. Children working at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong urged the residents to take advantage of the services provided through the Sub Center in their village.
The second place team, SYM, won a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
PresidentAll Meghalaya School's Parents Association (AMSPA)Meghalaya-India.
In the middle of the journey, when they reached Lumkseh village, the vehicle in which they were riding was stopped by the crowd and blocked by the bus in front of them. When they reached another village, they did the same and asked for the name of Cristable Wanniang, but Agness replied that she is no longer a member of the CSWO and is no longer with them.
Thus, in this part, there is a source of language in which the names of the sons mean exactly the children of men, not by the name of the animals, and in the next generation from the children of the children of the sons. the children, and the next generation the children.
“The visit of the four MLAs to support the MDA government in coalition with the BJP party is the main reason for suspending and issuing showcause notice to the four Congress MLAs,” said Working. When asked about the statement of the Congress MLAs that they do not want to withdraw their support from the MDA government, Syiem said that they can state this in the showcause notice of the MDA government. The AICC will seek the opinion of the MPCC and the MPCC will convey its opinion to the AICC on this issue.
If the work goes well, the Government intends to start science and commerce departments in Williamnagar, Baghmara and Sohra this academic year which will start from June and July.
Violation of rights comes in various forms, and also in the form of religious rules.
“I have given one day to the members of the Consultative Committee to hold a meeting to find a way forward for the benefit of the private hospitals as well as the benefit of the private hospitals. of the people"he added.
The NSSS has been selected from among hundreds of NGOs in India.
He said that when they entered the police station, not only did he start talking loudly and without listening to the explanation of the incident, but he showed force by touching his hand. OC and also the Head Constable, who are still in office.
Shillong, Lber 10 : A timber factory at 7th Mile Upper Shillong has suddenly collapsed and destroyed the factory.
We will take steps to convert PHCs into CHCs to provide adequate health services to the people,” he added.
But we should do this every year.
He said that personally, he likes the national parties to talk about the issues of the nation but it does not reach anywhere.
The Chad started at Mynkoi Pyrdi with a ceremony conducted by Ma OR Challam, President Seiñraij Jowai, thanksgiving by Pator Raymond Nartiang and short speeches by Ma KF Laloo, Chairman Art & Culture.
Shillong, July 4: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Dr. Ricky Syngkon has received 21,665 votes and defeated the candidate of the Shillong Parliamentary Seat by 16,262 votes. Congressman Vincent H. Pala.
The cultural program was held at Jatiya Natyashala Milanayatan, Bangladesh Shilpaka Academy, Shegun Bagicha, Dhaka on Thursday.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Congress candidate for the mid-term MP election from Tura Constituency who is also the wife of the Chief Minister, Dikanchi D Shira, has lost the election. NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma, who is also the son of Purno A Sangma.
The 152 supporters of Bah N.Nongdkhar, said that according to their view, he is qualified to contest the mid-term election because according to their view, the leaders From the various parties without prejudice who have appeared for this election, they have not seen that they can achieve the same power as the work of this riew rangbah who has been an MDC from this constituency. Constituency.
To confirm, Rupang also phoned the MLA to talk to him, but he could not be reached, as his mobile was turned off.
Mawtewn SC won 2-1 goals to score
When asked about his involvement with the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA), Dr Donkupar said the NEDA is only a party to look after the development of the country and it is not a platform to cooperate in the elections.
It is worth mentioning that these men and women chess players who came to Kaziranga have taken part in many competitions across the country.
Earlier, RMSA leader who is also a prominent kaitor of the jaitbynriew, Bah Anthony Kongwang welcomed all those who came to the tournament while Asst.
The NIA has conducted raids at four places in the Old Town of Baramulla district in northern Kashmir in connection with an incident involving militants in the Union Territory. told further team officials.
The court that ruled victoriously and allowed them to participate in politics.
Shillong: U Titostarwell Chyne, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that the actions of Union Defense Minister Amit Shah show that Meghalaya is not being respected as it is a small state.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said, in his personal opinion, the Roster System should be implemented from now on and not from the past.
Pynshngain Hinge scored the two goals for Nangbah Mooknor in the 40th minute and Poimidanial Thubru in the 54th minute.
Nagaland has stolen 55,396.1296 hectares of land in Jorhat (18807.72), Sivasagar (23.9039), Golaghat (36294.07) and Charaideo (270.4357).
“This is a strong message because although we have won only two seats, we are still with the people of the state,” he said.
BSF Police have seized 50 cows worth T.10 lakh from Hat Thymmai, East Khasi Hills on 20th October
“The NPP has appealed against the decision and is fighting the case in the Supreme Court,” he said. The Government has not responded to the request to exempt the State from the Mine and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act.
“The Cabinet has approved the proposal of the PHE Department to approve the 16 contractors appointed by the PHE Department on the basis of the agreement signed between the Government through the PHE Department and the Hima Mawphlang. year 1978”, said the Prime Minister.
But suddenly this time, Biden warned Netanyahu that Israel must stop the war, otherwise Israel will be left alone if all countries and institutions of the world stand up against it. the judgment of Israel.
All the speakers including former JSU leader Rikut N.Parien, JSU President Army Lipon, JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen, JSM President Leningstar Rymbai and others expressed their support. Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who came forward to fight for the future of the youth.
The incident happened at 4:30 pm, while the four were playing in the river, but suddenly all four of them drowned, but at that time there were others. They came to the scene and saw that the four men had drowned.
The FKJGP alleged that the residents of the village have alleged that the secretary has ignored their grievances regarding the implementation of the scheme in the village and has taken advantage of his position.
JOWAI: Four political party leaders have contested the MDC elections to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) at the time of writing.
“This burning of rnga by these foreigners, mostly of Nepali origin, has destroyed the forests and damaged the environment,” said the complaint in a letter to the Syiem.
The government should take responsibility together with the Dhar Company if anything happens in the future, said a statement by the General Secretary of UHM, North Khasi Hills, Dapkupar Nongrum.
$15,000 ITF women, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand: Singles (first round): Dasha Ivanova (USA) defeated Humera Baharmus 6-2, 6-3
Vincent Pala, CP Joshi and other candidates of the INC party were also present. The Congress leader asked for the support of the people as they have supported those who have not. Nongstoiñ: Five candidates for the Legislative Assembly elections from 32 Nongstoiñ Constituencies have once again risen together to express their views. The election campaign organized by the New Nongstoiñ Village Council was held today at Nongstoiñ Market.
Those who have less than 2 acres will be charged T.2 thousand.
Lambor Malngiang said that every day there are about 80 vehicles registered with the DTO. He said that there are more than 1 lakh vehicles on the road every day. He suggested to the government that it should improve the purchase of vehicles by introducing a policy that those who buy vehicles should ensure and verify that they have adequate parking space.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Cabinet meeting today will discuss on the Excise Department how to increase the production of more revenue from this government department.
He said that the Income Tax Department has received information that tens of crores of rupees will come from all over India to the state and the North Eastern States to exchange money. money doesn't go away.
Parts of the upper floor of the house were damaged and stones were found outside the house.
“We are still happy after we have received the explanation and especially after we have received the assurance that there will be no discrimination against any Jaidbynriew,” said Bah Ronnie.
In this letter, the Seng has demanded from the operating department to send for fencing of the transformers in different villages under the jurisdiction of MePDCL Sohiong Sub-Division.
More than 200 prisoners in Britain have been infected with the coronavirus, according to a report released today.
How ridiculous that there are families whose parents have had to feed the drug needs of their children simply because they cannot check the effects of their drug addiction.
According to information received through the Information Act, Pathaw said that out of all the posts filled in the KHADC, only 6 posts have been announced by the KHADC, and these posts are Magistrates, one Planning Officer and one Tax Inspector, but the posts were not advertised in the newspapers but through the Employment Exchange.
“The Prime Minister has promised to complete the Social Impact Assessment (SIA) within two months and the SIA will be conducted by the Meghalaya Institute of Governance (MIG) with 14 teams to visit various areas. “It's a good idea to conduct an inspection,” said KSU President Daniel Khyriem.
The Indian army has been in power for four years and has been in power for 30 years.
The worst challenge that the fledgling church faced occurred during the outbreak of World War I in
ICC General Manager Wasim Khan said the WTC is the biggest tournament to allow teams to perform better in their Test matches.
We need to preserve the old customs and traditions; Perhaps the nation will be happy, If the power of the child is strong.
It is learned that there was heavy rainfall, cloud cover and extreme cold, due to the weather conditions, which caused the crash.
Tickets for this match can be obtained from the SSA Stadium Ticket Counter.
Then on the 1st of November, there will be heavy rainfall in the state and then, there will be heavy rainfall in some parts of the state.
It was also a great victory for the neighboring country, as the team played well from the start.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya today heard a complaint filed by Flaming B Marak against the fire shortage in the state.
He said that Paul has sent another supplementary FIR alleging that Michael Pakynteiñ has written objectionable posts on Facebook against him. statement in his complaint to the police.
After the killing of the ASI, the CRPF policeman tried to commit suicide.
Dhar said the party is conducting a post mortem and the post mortem will be completed within 3-4 months.
The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on 29th July and handed over to the Minister of Home Affairs on 31st July for consideration and approval by the MHA. The number of cases of pneumonia in the uterus has increased and what is surprising is that it has surpassed the rate of pneumonia in the uterine cervix and has reached India for the first time.
He said that the idea of ​​allowing only freight trains is like allowing the foreigners to build roads in Hynniewtrep and gradually they will rule completely and it will be a mistake like taking a state without borders. in the years of the state.
To Noah, God said, “The end of all flesh is come before me” (Genesis 6:13).
The Jaiaw Church has a cemetery at Jaiaw Weiking which is used to bury only the church leaders, not the public.
Bewa's brother, Smt.
These three days include the 2nd of March, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi or Gandhi Jayanti, and the 4th and 5th of March, the celebration of Durga Puja. .
In the second innings at 31/5, Arunachal's batsmen were all out for 110 runs.
There are also other areas where government departments which have vacancies, are slow to send to the MPSC how many vacancies and other requirements.
Slodian Kurbah, a farmer and mother of seven children, has been evicted from Umtangi village since 3rd November this year after she failed to comply with the village's plans to evict her. you can rep your sying.
Speakers included the Deputy CEM of JHADC, MDC Tuber, Lasky Rymbai, Wapungskur Village Head, Deo Dkhar, Sohkynphor Poh Mission Village Head, L. Langstang, UDP Youth Secretary Heipormi Bang, Shnalad Rymbai and others.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Mylliem, Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong said that the company awarded to do the work by the Ministry has stopped only halfway.
The party also extends its special prayers to all those youths who will compete in the Meghalaya Games in various sports and encourages you all to bring about a brighter future,” said the statement. KSU Sports Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem.
The Minister said that training will also be provided for the purpose of controlling the crowd without the use of weapons in the event of any incident or riots in the state. that in order to address the needs of the commandants and police battalions of the state, the government will hold a Commandants Conference every six months.
He said that no reply has been received from the central government on this but he made it clear that the law against the smuggling and consumption of beef in the state has not been implemented at all because the government is acting according to the feelings of the people. .
On Tuesday, the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) said that the Forum is not against the festival organized by the Government.
Thus, in the beginning, he was able to show the way to build this view point through the CMSDF scheme which is under the MLA scheme.
On the other hand, the MLA congratulated the offices of the government departments for their ability to deliver development works in the village. provide jobs in the village.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 100,000 in the United States, while 3.5 lakh people have died worldwide, according to the Johns Hopkins University. worldwide, they have reached 5.6 million.
When the election is over, that sense of party or group disappears and has to be reunited.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of District Councils, said that nothing can be said yet on this issue, as the state government is still preparing the requirements.
This shows that the Assam Government has given unity to the Police while the Meghalaya Government does not believe and does not care about us who live on the border,” said Bah Sarlangki.
At that time, the DC said that the policeman who was guarding him, came to the scene and to protect him, as it was his duty, he used strong force. just to release the DC from that driver.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary to the State Government, Bah Donald P.Wahlang after opening a meeting to discuss the rescue and preservation of the three important rivers in Shillong. The event was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Chief Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Therefore – you parents, correct and follow after your children whom you have born in this world, so that they may be:-* Your strong trees, parents.
The Court also said that the work done by the Amicus Curiae including the inspection of the Correctional Homes, Opioid Substitution Thepary (OST) Centers and found that some of the residents of these places have been infected with the virus. easy entry of drugs can be finished by the involvement of high ranking soldiers.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kharkrang said that it is a proud moment for the Prisons Department to witness the first batch of Warders completing the training.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: U Combert Syad, 36, Major of the HNLC, has surrendered to the East Khasi Hills Police Station in the presence of SP EKH Davies NR. Great.
This woman from Timnah was able to seduce and defeat Samson.
Regarding the incident, the Ministry of Home Affairs has ordered the police to investigate into the death of Wandalin Kongor.
They also expressed their regret to the Syiem of Mylliem for not doing anything on the request of the union to improve the condition of the cow market in Khanapara only once a month on Rynghep.
The bodies of Rida and her son were buried in the same grave.
St. Anthony's School has secured seven ranks in Science Stream, Eshita Bhattacharjee has secured third place with 477 marks and Soumitra Jha has secured fifth place with 477 marks. Sargam Datta and Sharmin Khongsit with 454 marks each, Sangam Paul with 453 marks, Sangam Paul with 453 marks each. 9th place went to Biswadeep Nath with 450 marks and Samjanai Synnah with 446 marks.
He picked up and covered the first cross and said, “Ani bah, you were a good, righteous, holy man while you were alive.
Speaking to media, Disparsing said that through RTI, the Revenue Disaster Management has already paid Rs 6 crore 66 lakh to these refugees.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 08: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G Kharwanlang IAS, has enforced Section 144 CrPC, which prohibits the crossing of the border along the Shillong-Nongstoin NH- 44 (E), which fall under the District.
The Union Minister of State for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship and IT, Rajeev Chandrasekhar this month said that “the new management through Seva, Sushasan and Garib Kalyan” ( The services to the people, good governance and welfare of the poor) of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi have contributed significantly to the development of the North East, thereby making it a very attractive destination for investors.
“The party sees that Meghalaya, which used to have the education, the values ​​received from the ancestors, has begun to revive in terms of morality, knowledge and character. “It will be an example for the whole of India,” said the party's vision.
Justice Ranjit More was a judge of the Bombay High Court before coming to Meghalaya.
Urban areas can do this online class but for those in rural areas who cannot even access the Internet, if they take exams students have to buy new gadgets. many will not be able to buy these things.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Nongpdeng, has postponed its Kut Snem Dorbar, which was scheduled to be held on the 12th June 2018, and has informed that tourists can visit Shnongpdeng on that day. This was stated by Bah Bnai Syngkrem, Head of Village Council.
The youth was arrested from Aizawl.
Shillong, March 20: A truck (AS 01-FC-2577) collided with an Alto 800 (ML-04C-1144). truck with number AP 16 TH
Rodrick D. Shira, a former student of IIT Kharagpur in Electronics and Electrical Communication Engineering, received the Gold Medal in Electronics in 1967 and worked in Fertilizer Industries as a Process. Control Engineer and also worked at FCI Sindri and served in various parts of the country.
Wherefore, unto dominion and power, and might, and dominion, and dominion, and over all the earth, named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come".
After he was killed by being crucified, the disciples formed a group to spread his teachings and called that group CHRISTIAN. John 3 : 16 – For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
However, the government has made it clear that this will happen if the money is with the government.
This also makes it difficult for poor parents to send their children to school.
Nickson said that it is the sale of two or three vendors of the same goods with only 10 small boxes. “Who knows? One of them is a robber and is trying to raise his hands and feet to commit any evil deeds. If we go to the police station, the government will say that it is illegal for that reason we urge him. “If you don't give us the authority, we will not be able to do anything,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that the same problem is the allegation that the shortage of kilos of ration is not only in this village but in all the FPS Dealers of the District and in the State as a whole.
Shillong: The Nongkhnum Festival Organizing Committee (KFF) has announced that it will hold the annual “Ki Rang ka Nongkhum” festival.
Shillong, Nailar 23 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the Chandrayan-3 Mission.
Margaret Nyuydzewira, head of the Came Women and Girls Development Organization, said there were 10,000 women in the UK who had been involved in the practice. good jockey.
In the shot put at Happy Valley, Shirley Mary Kharbuli won gold in the 25m while Walsall M Momin (25m standard pistol men), Anjali Singh (10m rifle women), Banrilang Bleine (10m rifle men) and Balarishisha Rani (10m pistol women), Pynkhraw Kharshiing (10m pistol men), Anjali Singh (50m rifle prone women) and Banrilang Bleine (50m rifle prone men).
Nongpoh, June 16: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Nonglyndoh and Nongkhrah on Tuesday held a public meeting with the residents of these two Raids to discuss the suspension of the contractor. The road has been cleaned and the contractor appointed by the government has not been able to clean the road as scheduled by the government.
Their sadness is because they do not have the opportunity to enjoy themselves like their fellow children because their parents are poor.
They urged the State Government to suspend this plan to dismiss the DC of EJHD and if the Government proceeds smoothly on the part of these organizations, they will announce immediately. violent protests.
They are from Tuskegee, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from South Dadeville.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, expressed his happiness to be able to open the ground, which he himself has donated for the construction of the stadium. which is also the most important need of the children who attend the school.
Faith Back Fan Club has organized a “Lockdown Karaoke Challenge” in the village. The village is deeply concerned about the spread of COVID-19 across the state. to work with the district administration as well as the government to break the chain of spread of this disease which has spread across the states in the country and in different countries in the world which has caused the deaths of thousands of people. .
Shillong, June 16: The UDP Youth Wing President Thrangbor Wanniang and Secretary Monkala have expressed their satisfaction with the departure of the UDP Youth Wing. Members of the party were Bah Roshem Myrthong and Bah CS Sangriang.
Noting that Meghalaya's water supply system has been praised by the Ministry of Jal Shakti, Government of India, the Chief Minister said, “Meghalaya is the first state in the country to implement the and many ways to stir up the water.
This drying process lasts about 28 to 42 hours.
The expert committee will review the existing reservation policy and send back the proposal to the state government for improvement.
Darhmingliani Hloncheu, head of Spread Northeast (Extend Meghalaya), an NGO with offices in Sonapur and Jorhat, Assam, was also present and donated 100 seedlings. wood Mahogany.
Jersom Shylla has been elected as the new president of the JSU.
It is obvious that this Cabinet of Ministers of the MDA-II Government is stronger compared to the Cabinet of Ministers during the MDA-I Government. Two of them have already become MLAs, and only one has been elected MLA for the first time and Minister for the first time.
Then I'll clean your bedroom first,” said the brother and stood up from his seat.
Recalling the work of Pastor Marbaniang, Pastor Sohkhlet said that within the age of 50 years, Pastor Marbaniang has done many works in the service of the church and the synod. A servant who is dedicated to the work,” said Pastor Sohkhlet.
The closure of schools in the Dangar area is due to the excessive heat to protect the students from any danger that may be affected by the excessive heat.
He said that at present the Civil Hospital Shillong has 40 beds for Covid-19 patients but the state government has decided to increase it to 200 beds including Daycare Cancer. wing.
Because the second destruction of Jerusalem and the destruction of the Temple took place in 586 B.C. Thus Daniel received the message of the 70 months in the first year of the reign of King Darius:Daniel 9:1 , that is, in 539 B.C., means in the days of the prophets after Daniel, such as Haggai, Zechariah, Malachi, and Nehemiah.
He said that in the past 10 years, there has been no change in the Sutnga-Saipung Constituency. Sutnga-Saipung Constituency is one of the most backward villages in the country. government agencies, from roads, market places, health centres, schools and others, so the supporters of Santa.
The National Social Assistance Program (NSAP) has paid about ₹1,400 crore to about 2.82 crore elderly, widowed and disabled people. spouses and persons with disabilities.
He said that through the actions of some groups who want to benefit by showing that they are the protectors of the Bangalee people.
Dohling said the party will send a letter to the state government and the district council not to issue NOC to any central government department to mine uranium in this area. state.
Foreign trade will continue smoothly and vehicles have been directed not to stop halfway and to proceed straight to the market.
He said that it is not the departure of any member,” said Hek.
“We are talking from time to time on this issue and if found true we will punish those involved,” said Acting Project Director of MACS Dr RE Donn. go ahead on this piece.
Upon receiving information about the arrest of these people, it was announced in the villages that all the elders should come together to demand the release of these people.
They are just trying to lay the foundation stone and open the District/Civil Sub Division/C&RD Block everywhere and without finding anything, they are only trying to cover up their shortcomings.
Police have seized electronic devices, T.1 lakh cash and documents from the house of M/s BPO Zurich in Lower New Colony.
"So," said Lydia. So Lydia began to work at home with her mother.
Three goals for Nangbah Mulang came through Wildrick Susngi in the 27th and 66th minutes and Chanhok Siangshai in the 90th and 3rd minutes.
A school in Wanguru, Kenya, has come up with a new idea and that is, because the classrooms are empty these days; Therefore, the school authorities raise cows and from this they earn money from the piglets and chicks and this has turned into an income instead of the loss of school fees. they used to pay students all the time.
She said that as a government employee, she understands the plight of the Muster Roll workers as she too has many relatives who work in this field.
The 13 projects which were inaugurated yesterday include one cc motorable road constructed at a cost of Rs 5.8 lakh, four projects in the village. Umtham including a footpath and vehicle at a cost of T.10.41 lakh, a footpath constructed at a cost of T.9.78 lakh, an aroma plantation 1.28 lakh and a water supply system at a cost of T.25,7
“After looking at the report, I found that many vehicles are driving without Trading License and also the drivers of vehicles belonging to the state or foreigners. we are the ones who drive in foreign countries," he said.
The Bodos have not yet received their own state, they have received a District (Territorial) Council since
Punjab is one of the worst affected states by the presence of insurgents in the 80 headquarters and Singh's victory is due to many other reasons.
Speaking at the rally in Songsak, Conrad said Dr Mukul Sangma's choice to leave the Congress and join the TMC is because he is such a selfish person. Vincent H Pala has been elected as the President of the Congress party in Meghalaya.
The incident happened in Jamia Nagar this evening.
The robbery of the Challam Syngkon Petrol Pump at New Hill, Wah Gate was due to the bravery of two employees of the petrol pump who fought with the robber until they were killed. and mynsaw slowly slowly he lade.
According to sources, Mawkyrwat South West Khasi Hills District Police Station said that they received a tip about the incident at about 9 pm on the 21st of November. On the 22nd of November 2021, police raided Ngunraw village South West Khasi Hills District to investigate the incident. According to the elders of the village, on the 21st of November , there were several villagers who went to check their produce in the farms located in the forest that there has been a destruction of wild animals in the past few days but in the At about 1:30 or 2:00 pm, while they were conducting patrol at the farm, they dispersed to go their own way far away from each other to guard the animals. Suddenly a wild animal came out and tried to destroy their crops and it was at this time that Bah Loadstar Thongni mistakenly shot and the bullet hit his body. of Bah Khrimshon Thongni who passed away recently at Ranggor Domba, about 2 or 3 hours from Ngunraw.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 24th June inaugurated several projects at Babadam in West Garo Hills in the presence of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma and the Minister of PHE. Marquise Marak.
If we flee, like the Congress and others, the NPP will also lose its friends.
Shillong, Nailur 13: U Dr RC Laloo today registered the names of the children to go to school from this year.
“After watching the video, I was surprised like others, because it wasn't done by my own will but it wasn't.
The President of Sein Raij Tuber, Helping Phawa said that tens of thousands of people from all over the country as well as from abroad are expected to witness the ceremony on the first day at Tuberkmai Shnong.
There are 4,221 confirmed cases in the state and the death toll has risen to
However, Bah Ardent said that if the Governor speaks in Hindu, it will cause the VPP MLAs to shout and shout inside the House. the State for speaking to us in a language we do not understand".
The clear sign of all these things is the decree to rebuild the third Temple in Jerusalem.
They call the tenders themselves and they are the ones who will review and prepare the tenders before submitting them to the NDB. call beat Online.
The presence of many political parties has made it difficult for the people to vote during the polling, as the people have elected many parties and many candidates especially in Rilum Khasi Jaintia.
Shillong, Nailur 20 : The BJP women in the state on Tuesday celebrated and congratulated the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the introduction and passage of the Women Reservation Bill in the Lok Sabha.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest praised the club for continuing to hold this tournament which is of great benefit to the youth to avoid all kinds of entertainment in this age of internet and other activities. bad things that affect their youth and society.
As the elected leader, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun also promised to take action on the problems of the people of the village especially the road and other development works as expressed by the village leaders. The people of the state should not be allowed to live in Meghalaya and not in Assam.
These children left home to go out with their father on the evening of the first day, but since then these children have not returned home and it is the next morning that they their bodies were recovered from a forest near this village.
Andy Lamin, 26, resident of Mawpat Circle III, Shillong; Nima Lama, 35, resident of Mawpat Circle III, Shillong; The 38-year-old is a resident of Mawsmai, Mawblang, Sohra, while the other 16-year-old is from Mawpat Circle III, Shillong.
His life is an example to encourage us to have the spirit of being LIGHT in whatever we do in our lives and in the service of our fellow human beings in our lives. of the talents which God has given us without hesitation or being able to share the knowledge of the good and glorious that shall be proclaimed forever and ever.
Ardent was admitted to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin this morning to console the family members.
The VPP won in Mawkhar-Jaiaw and Mawlai but not in Mawprem.
I have already shared that in most of the Assembly Constituencies in Garo Hills, the contest will be between the NPP & the AITMC. The NPP will also be able to win more elections.
Russia's foreign ministry on Tuesday said Ukraine's offensive operations would not be able to proceed without the support of other countries from the West.
This decision was taken at a public meeting held by the Ampati Zone UCPF in collaboration with the Ampati Citizens Forum at Ampati Mini Stadium, Southwest Garo Hills.
Haryana topped the list of medals followed by Maharashtra and Karnataka in the KIYG,
The IMD has issued a warning on the X messaging platform, formerly known as Twitter, saying, “We should be vigilant due to heavy rains.
We need to protect these beautiful mountains, not to allow the winter storms to bring diseases, pollution, floods, many kinds of destruction.
Through this decision, Rahul will be released from jail and will continue to be a member of the Lok Sabha.
The certificate said that from this certificate, he received his share, as a Garo, in the field of education and also in the field of elections, from Ampatigiri Constituency, which it is the constituency of the people.
Shortly after the incident, police arrested Raj Kumar, who was accused of attempting to rape the girl, after the family members lodged a complaint with the police. Nongpoh Police Station.
Let's figure it out together" he offered her a suggestion.
Wanshwa Suting, said that “at the rally of Tuber Kmaishnong, to decide against Training Phawa, the union found that this rally was taken by the Waheh Shnong. According to the social media WhatsApp, the rally was called by the Head of the Dorbar Shnong, the Waheh Shnong, but not by the EC or the Dorbar Shnong. It has misled the public and has also affected the mental harassment of the Training and the members as well as the leaders of the party and this has led to a tragic incident. spirit against the law.
They also decided to demand that the government should take action regarding the existence of the Border Police Outpost and the revenue collection gate of the Assam government, which has been set up at Sabuda village. The outpost and revenue collection gate set up by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has caused the people to be attacked and harassed in many ways.
And it is just that man has his own problems in being a human being, because the problems and mistakes are close to human beings.
Shillong: Due to the collapse of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge on the Shillong By Pass, all heavy vehicles will start traveling from Shillong from 31st March 2020 from 9 pm to 6 pm. morning every night.
Speaking to media, Bah Adelbert said that as one of the leaders and as a party that did not join the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) government before the formation of the coalition government, There should be no Common Minimum Program and it should not be there after the formation of the Government to start talks, but it should be there from the first day of the formation of the Government.
In this regard, the Civic Body with the support of the members of the Gandhi Hill Foundation Committee and the security forces will be able to conduct announcements to the public.
“While studying abroad, I chose to learn Khasi even though there were no Khasi teachers,” he said. , but I studied on my own and passed the CBSE, and tried to do the same for my children.
In the past, the word bam tyngka used to refer to robbers or anyone who earns money for any crime.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he is pleased to inform the House that at the recent meeting of the MDA government, there were several MLAs who gave their votes. this is the same proposal.
Therefore, in order to protect the residents of EJH and to protect the border areas, the KSU strongly requests the Minister to take action by installing new check gates especially in Tongseng where there is a lot of infiltration. beain of foreigners.
Time is the future.
Rijiju was speaking at the groundbreaking ceremony for the construction of the Integrated Check Post (ICP) at a cost of T.90 crore at Dawki today.
Speaking to reporters, Latiplang said that foreigners are easy to identify themselves as Khasi by making an affidavit, while they don't even know how to speak.
The rising temperature has prompted people from Guwahati to come to Shillong to escape the heat of the sun in the north.
After his arrest, the Narcotic Cell was informed to come to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation and to test whether the powders seized were drugs as suspected.
But they did not know that the covenant they had made was with death.
The protesters also marched and shouted slogans to Amit Shah's residence in Delhi.
And to implement this Act, the village leaders and residents need to cooperate with the council to prevent the influx of foreigners,” said Winning. Speaking to reporters during the raid on Trading License and Employee Service License for foreigners at Mihmyntdu village, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said the BJP's struggle to pass the CAB shows that it thinks of political votes and not of the nation.
The Director of C&RD, Bah Freeman Kharlyngdoh, said that the census of income this time is more detailed and longer. The census takers can no longer sit from shop to shop or meet the village leader to write down the names of the people.
Chairman of JACATAM Bah ED Nongsiang said that the demand from the State Government is to implement the provincialization of teaching posts to ensure that teachers should be equal to the teachers who teach in schools. government that they should receive the same remuneration according to the work they do.
We don't know what will happen to the promises of other political parties in the coalition government because the NPP is the biggest paid party. in the Cabinet meetings to convey the need to implement the promises made to the people during the elections.
Jowai, Nailar 5: The Lehniam Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij Muthlongka has ended today in the midst of a stir. They are located in the Thaw Noh Rong or Aitnar village in Thadmuthlong.
B. Langstang (own goal) scored the first goals for Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu in the 46th and 53rd minutes.
“To sahep,” said Bah Sokon and got up to leave.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said that there is no evidence that the incident could have been avoided if the fire brigade had arrived at the right time.
Before the departure of these players, a meeting was held at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, West Jaintia Hills District today at 4 pm, where a welcome speech was delivered by P. Lamare, Vice-Chancellor of Jowai. President of WJDSA and Head of Mission.
“To achieve this goal, you must have a strong determination, hard work, discipline and a spirit of struggle,” said Max Cement, Nongsning East Jaintia Hills District.
In these photographs, you can also see the small parts of some of the houses that collapsed and were destroyed by the incident.
When asked, the Minister said that she has no authority to send any inquiry into the incident and while stating that NEIGRIHMS belongs to the Central Government, she said it is the responsibility of the Central Government. The State Government should have its eyes and ears on this hospital.
The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has already asked for a show cause from the 12 smugglers to comply with the rules of law, but their explanation is no longer meaningful, as they have left in the morning. They have done it clearly, they have joined the TMC without any doubt. In GHADC, the TMC has joined the MDC Congress.
At this point, they are now trying to allow the ksew to seek knowledge to detect the disease.
Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of the state, has postponed the meeting with political parties last night and has scheduled it for Tuesday, sources from the state said.
Three Village Organizations from Nongpoh Constituency, including the VO Association from Mawlong, the VO Association from Mawphrow and the VO Association from Niangbari Lum, have been selected from the office of the Block Development Officer. On 16th November, they were honored by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh.
At the same time, the KSU urges the Karbi people and the Assam government authorities to be disciplined and not to harass the Khasi people who go to their fields because the KSU does not want conflict between the ethnic groups but cannot. also to see when our fellow citizens are being attacked from time to time.
"Those who are wise to go to church also go only to please the religious leaders but not the invisible God.
The accident occurred due to a traffic jam on Shillong Road.
He said that the government has taken measures to improve education in the state so that it does not lag behind compared to other states in the country.
About 50 Waheh Chnongs of the Union of Waheh Chnongs carried placards to march to Iawmusiang Market to stand in front of the garbage that has been collected for many months in Jowai.
Deibormame scored the third goal in the 70th minute.
He wrote and performed a song called 'Mei Mariang' from the album 'Sai-thainki Sur' in Khasi-Cymru which was released in 2021 at Naxos World.
Ex.Rev.K.Langrin Dear friends, these are the days when people who read the Bible and those who do not read it want to know about the 1000 years written in Revelation 20:1-1
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the biscuit farmers said that this year, the biscuits have started to bloom and ripen well.
:The National People's Party (NPP) Leader James Sangma on November 8 denied allegations that all development projects are for the benefit of Garo Hills. stating that the reports did not match the facts.
In Garo Hills, we remember the feeling of sadness when we left Shillong when the GNLA was still strong.
In an interview with Ranjana Agarwal, a teacher from Baheri, Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, the Prime Minister asked about the most successful steps of the Chintan Shivirs held in her block.
I cannot connect because I have seen that some of the BJP's approaches are not working in relation to the welfare of the indigenous people.
Ladthadlaboh beat Sailung Ïalong 1-0 in the first semi final of the Qualifier which was held on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The Cabinet meeting chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma also elected three Spokespersons of the Government, including Dr. MM Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Marcuise. N.Death.
As an encouragement to the students who came to take part in these competitions, the English Dept.
Some Bible scholars say that it is impossible to find any accounts that can be found in the Gospel of Matthew, chapter 2, which tells of Herod's decree to execute infants under two years of age.
This young man was called Bahduh.
Referring to the North East, he said that the project has been run from the residential building where they are currently working, but the construction of the full office is underway at Mawdiangdiang. The two day training will be for all the officers of Meghalaya on GST.
Shillong, July 08: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the State Government should set up an inquiry into the allegations of illegal activities of the IIPH. He also urged the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to appoint a Legislative Committee to investigate the matter so that all the facts can come out.
It was also reported that the Chinese troops were not captured by the Indian troops, while many of the Indian troops were captured by the Chinese troops.
Ardent said that besides this, the VPP in its petition also demands that the government should immediately suspend the recruitment in various government departments while a thorough investigation has been conducted. the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
If we are responsible and do our job properly, no foreigner will enter or invade our state.
According to the census, East Khasi Hills 68.68 percent, West Garo Hills 68.60 percent, West Jaintia Hills District 86.15 percent, West Garo Hills 78.59 percent, East Garo Hills 70.12 percent, Ri Bhoi 73.18 percent, South. Garo Hills 70.66 percent, South West Garo Hills 78.87 percent, South West Khasi Hills 86.37, East Jaintia Hills 81.50 percent, North Garo Hills 74.35 percent and Eastern West Khasi Hills 90.25 percent.
Telangana Chief Minister KT Rama Rao (KTR) has fallen from a car while walking in Kansas City today, along with many other leaders of the Telangana government. Indian National Committee.
He was buried at the cemetery of Nongsawlia Church on Saturday 25th with a great crowd.
Earlier, Bantyngshain had admitted that three Congress units have supported him, and when inquired by the reporter from some Congress units in the constituency, it was found that some units have supported him. The old unit was no longer recognized by the Congress and a new unit was formed before the MDC elections.
For several months, the news of corruption in MeECL has not ended, as soon as the news of Covid-1
The ceremony was attended by the Longkmie and Longkpa Associations as well as the youth of the area and members of HITO Central. The General Secretary of HITO, Bah Wanbun Dkhar, confirmed the leaders.
The Global Network of Sex Work Projects (NSWP), based in Scotland – United Kingdom, stands on the foundation of supporting and amplifying the voices of women from around the world and also brings together other organizations that promote sex work. work for the welfare of prostitutes including women, men and transgender people.
At present, there are about five households in the area of ​​the Umngi River.
On the other hand, the HNYF Western Region demands that the road should be cleared from above in some areas where the road is collapsed to facilitate heavy vehicles. This road in Riat is only because of these problems.
“You (Government) can call an emergency meeting today too.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : On the way to the 2023 MLA election from Mawphlang Constituency to be held on the 27th of this month, the People's Democratic Front (PDF) candidate, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang, has received the support of the Mawphlang Constituency. Young men and women who are the office bearers of the Mawphlang Youth Block Congress Committee (MYBCC).
JSM President Leningstar Rymbai said that the government has already acquired the land for the Engineering College at Thadmuthlong and the Science College at Mustem. but until now the work of building the buildings is still pending.
The Minister said the schemes have worked well in Meghalaya.
In the final match, it was a very beautiful and exciting match, which was witnessed by thousands of people from the area.
The meeting was conducted by Nangaibormi Sutnga, Chairman of KSU Iooksi Unit.
Besides, not only the appointment of fellow MLAs, but also the 40 ethnic parties in the society want their share.
The death toll in Europe has risen to 30,000 and the number of infections to 450,0
He should be in jail.
The meeting was held at Umsning today in the presence of UDP Ri Bhoi District Secretary Michael Kharhunai, UDP Umsning Circle President Donkupar Sumer and Vice President UDP Umsning District. Also present were the Working President of the UDP, Alantry Dhkhar and other UDP leaders from the district and Umsning Constituency.
Replying to a brief question by the VPP MLA from Mawlai, Conrad said, “The Cabinet meeting on 24th July 2024, has approved the proposal to set a border. youngest and oldest in appointment in 4 departments.
To strongly support the decision of the people of the three villages, the FKJGP immediately demands that the state government should stop the proposal to provide replacement for the troops in Nongsder, if the government does not act silently, The party will not hesitate to take other strong protest measures to support the decision of the people of Nongsder, said Bah Kurbah.
Higher Secondary School, in the Jaintia Hills.
They have sent a petition to James Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs and also to Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State and demanded that Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Transport, The DTO of West Jaintia Hills, who has been working for only six months, will not be dismissed.
This has affected many residents of Meghalaya, including those with disabilities.
He passed away at the age of 83 years after a long illness.
He said that out of 65,000 students who sat for the SSLC, only 98 failed and out of 30,000, only 92 students failed for the HSSLC. I'm sorry for the covid -1
Referring to the match between the two teams, the match was very fierce in which both the teams fought hard with the goal of winning the title after losing the matches. done.
Adding on premature marriage, he said that it affects the health of the people and the law has strictly prohibited premature marriage and the Government law will not be relaxed if it knows. The police have arrested and charged the man under the POCSO Act.
Replying to a question by Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor, Zenith said the Chief Minister Housing Assistance Scheme has two parts, one for the construction of houses in the area. 3.10 lakh to be distributed to the low income people and another to improve the houses.
However, if you don't, the impact is greater and therefore, many problems arise.
Shillong: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has arrested two women with heroin weighing about 1.16 kilograms from Madanryting area of ​​Shillong.
tōl-pa-kyrdan : which cannot be used to speak.
Hoque said a team from the National Medical Council will visit the college at the end of this month and hopefully the classes will start in November this year.
It is also reported that at the bottom of the hill there are also crematoria which have not been completely entered.
Isaiah 9:6 – For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor, The mighty God. the Eternal Father, the Prince of Peace.
Genesha Lyngdoh scored in the 27th minute and Daficare Lyngkhoi in the 36th minute.
Shillong, March 1: U Chancellor of CMJ University, Chandra Mohan Jha today appeared before the CID for the second time after he appeared on 19th November. I went back to my state in Bihar.
“The increase in violence against women and children in the state has increased from year to year, is this the government's promise,” said Dr Don.
The following are among the nutrients that can improve the health of the skin: Vitamin A : The supplementation of this vitamin helps in the production of new cells and can prevent the symptoms of skin cancer. age as visible rancidity on the face.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has closed down these villages since today.
Shillong, July 30: The consecration of Deacon Rimiki Niangti, son of Marquis Pakyntein and Lana Niangti, Lumkshaid Shillong, will be held on the 2nd June Archbishop Dominic Jala, in the presence of many Bishops, Church workers and faithful, will begin the Mass at 10 pm. followed by a program of celebration and blessing at 1 pm.
The HYC has announced that the 29th of November is the day it has invited the ruling MLAs to attend the talks and this will be the last day that the HYC wants to talk to them. if they do not come it will show that they are also involved in the destruction of the nation.
They will also discuss the increase in the price of food items where the poor people have been struggling to buy because of the increase in the price of beverages. “In the coming days, we will meet again to collect all the issues to be brought before the dorbar,” he added.
He said that the State Government is considering the proposal to include a place of worship as well as a school in the same area where the residents of Them Metor will be relocated.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The candidates who passed the Gram Sevak examination 2012 in East Khasi Hills District have said that the statement of the Minister of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong shows that he does not know exactly the vacancy. tnad you bat.
The basketball tournament for women was held as part of the celebration of International Women's Day.
According to the final order, the 10-TPD solid waste management system has been prepared.
A week later, the dealer said that he could not deliver the car before October 31, 2014 and said that the car would be delivered in the second week of the month. Ma Passah, told him that if he cannot deliver the vehicle on time, he will stop buying the vehicle.
“Traders and park owners have met me several times, we cannot fight against NGT for a long time but I tell them, give us time and we will do our best,” said Purno.
In the Khasi counting of the khla, there are three types of khla, which are not male or female, but according to the lifestyle of the khla. u ryngkew basa and khla as a kind of creature that changes its shape by people known as khla phuli.
Speaking to media, Bah Kasparlin Ïawphniaw said that this morning they met with the Director of DHS and at the meeting they informed that the DHS has completed the requirements and now the remaining is only to The Finance Department of the State Government shall release the salary.
One tree fell from Nan Polok and hit the ground floor of the Governor and another tree fell from the ground floor of the Governor's house and fell on the road.
At present, the fighting is still between the three parties, Bom, Syntiew and Mombati, between the UDP, BJP and the PDF. Dr. Donkupar Roy of the UDP, Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw of the BJP and Bah Leston Wanswett of the PDF. that constituency.
Nongpoh, July 22: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO), as one of the organizations in the district, has expressed its deep sorrow over the corruption and irregularities in the rules and regulations. implementation of SSA schools in Ri-Bhoi District.
Finally, the government should be vigilant lest Meghalaya become like Sri Lanka which has lived in the midst of debt until there has been a stir due to the unknown increase in the price of goods. create more than other things.
“We will make Meghalaya one of the cleanest states in the country.
The statement said that the availability of this TB treatment center at this PHC has helped the people who get tested for TB and receive treatment at this PHC. Hilarius Dkhar, former MDC of the constituency in the presence of Dr. Evalinda Laloo, District Tuberculosis Officer, Father Manbha Pakem, Director of Jaintia Hills Development Society. Volunteer organization, Father John Michel Marboh Asst. Parish Priest of Parish Christ Syiem Barato, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary of Barato A, B & C, school children and residents of Barato and surrounding villages.
The Dorbar Kyrsu Kyntu was enriched by traditional dances from various departments of the Seiñ Raij including Mukhla, Narwan, Rashai, Khloo Kynrin, Wapung Shnong and Tuber. shock
“It may be recalled that the public hearing of Star Cement, on 19th March 2019, had to be canceled due to the opposition of the Sengbhalang, Rangbah Shnongs and the people of Lumshnong area.
Bluebell Sangma, who is also the wife of the late Masonsing Sangma, is contesting from the Congress.
“The government has received the opinion of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) on the proposed amendment,” he said in reply to a question by Bah Paul in the House today. day.
A short meeting was held on the 22nd of this month in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest. Development Society.
You don't have to lose before the games are over.
This is the issue demanded by various Seng Bhalangs of Garo Hills but this action of the EC of the NPP has turned against the Garo people by refusing to discuss the possibility of holding an electoral election. “We have been demanding for a long time to write a single Electoral Roll only for the MDC election to GHADC but it has been rejected. but by this EC and this is a betrayal of the entire A'chik community”.
“During the meeting with the DMHO, besides informing us about the shortage of doctors and other shortcomings in the health centre, we also told the DMHO that if possible, it should be to talk to the higher authorities, for the appointment of more doctors and also those who are skilled in the working methods, so that the people who need treatment, can get the treatment they deserve,” said the youth. Maring Bathroom.
Shillong: The state government wants to vaccinate 13 lakh children aged 9 to 15 years with Measles Rubella but only 3,82,421 children have been vaccinated so far. Speaking to reporters, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
The Circle Inspector cum Officer of Jowai Police Station has lodged a complaint with the Circle Inspector cum Officer of Jowai Police Station today. lums that have just been copied in the Copy books.
At that time, the department said that all the necessary measures have been taken to ensure that it does not affect the patient and this work has been done in accordance with the orders of the doctors and with the approval of the higher authorities. .
The residents of Mawkynrew and Nongkrem Assembly Constituencies are encouraged to vote at the designated polling stations on the 11th and 12th July 2022 and not to miss this opportunity. The Government provides for the benefit of all.
Shillong: In the first match of the Kalinga Super Cup, Shillong Lajong beat Kerala Blaster 3-1 at Kalinga Stadium Pitch , Bhubaneswar.
However, the drivers do not have access to clean toilets and drinking water.
Pay for right Football Academy has scored three points in the first half and has prevented Mawkriah from scoring a single goal.
His arrest is an important step in the restoration of peace and to ensure the punishment of all those who cause trouble and affect the peace and order.
We are one and we will ensure that we eliminate the inequality and discrimination that exists to this day.
Ma Nujor Sungoh Local MLA was also elected as the advisor of the NGO.
Do you want to go to Jerusalem? If you don't pray, you too will be destroyed.
He said that the people of Meghalaya after seeing these activities of the government will think twice.
Jowai PS has registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
This rise in water level, in an invisible way, is often direct and understandable, and its cause is physical causes, but it is also often indirect, and since its cause is in chemical action, it is not always clearly understood by us.
Therefore, the Government has taken the necessary steps to ensure that all eligible beneficiaries have Ayushman Card.
The Minister made this announcement after a meeting with farmers from across Khasi-Jaintia Hills who informed about the problems they are facing as they are being collected taxes at the tax collection gates in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 02: New Lok Sabha MP from Tura Conrad K Sangma, former Rajya MP Thomas Sangma and MLA James Sangma met with Joint Secretary (North East), Satyendra Garg. The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India today held a meeting in New Delhi.
Therefore, the Government should have a plan on how to guide the youth to progress in various fields from Operator, Technician and others and that the money will not be wasted by foreigners. .
Initially, the Executive Engineer of PWD, Bah WR Lyngdoh, said that the villagers had asked for an explanation. The same engineer has sent a letter to suspend the work, without giving the reason why the PWD has suspended the construction of the footpath under the NERGS scheme. The village council and VEC officials have met with the EE of PWD to talk and ask for clarification, but the EE has not been able to explain. EE, has angered the residents of the village and has decided to block the road while the PWD has not given an explanation.
““It is worth mentioning here that the term of office of KHADC and JHADC was supposed to end on 5th October 2024 and this decision to extend will come into force from the end of October for 6 months with the government. The state will send this decision to the Governor for approval,” he said.
NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory has captured two solar eclipses in a statement. at 9.23 pm (local time) on 10th June and then at 7.44 pm (local time) on 11th June 2024. The observatory has reportedly recorded NASA also explained that these explosions, known as X5.8 and X1.5, are very strong and which can affect the operation of radio, electricity, machinery in space as well as people working in space.
Even if you don't take the money, there is nothing to blame for the good, and the Central Government will support you, because it too has a responsibility.
In fact, the union would like to express its gratitude to the District authorities of South West Khasi Hills District, the Rangbah Shnongs and the Volunteers of the Villages who have taken all the necessary steps to ensure the entry and exit, the movement and the to implement the orders of the government but this action of the Meghalaya government is like a threat to the spirit of cooperation of us as the organization and of the village leaders as well.
Sohra, Jymmang 10 : More than 500 supporters from various parties including PDF, UDP, Congress and TMC joined the NPP Sohra at a rally held at Maraikaphon on Thursday evening.
Mr. Mohit Kamble , Jakran Lakkar City University , said that the scheme for the purpose of providing scholarships to the students does not depend only on their ability to show that they are intelligent and well - marked students but they are also taken into account according to their skills whether in sports or other talents.
By saying these things, it doesn't mean that we shouldn't listen to music, we shouldn't watch TV, we shouldn't do those Face Books.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 7,204 and the death toll has risen to
Besides, he said that through this collaboration, the Law Officers of the State Law Department and other Government Departments will conduct the Capacity Building Programme.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem is a Shad of Thanksgiving performed by the Khasi people to God as a sign of thanksgiving for the poverty which He has blessed all mankind.
Shillong, Nailur 30: Three drivers have been banned from driving for six months and their license has been revoked after they were convicted by a court of driving under the influence of alcohol. wine.
I told him that the KHADC has no authority over the mining of uranium, as it is the responsibility of the State Government.
He said Ukraine will fight as hard as it can to ensure peace and stability for its citizens, no matter if it is in the midst of a fierce war against Russia.
In the past 24 hours, 687 people have died of the disease, bringing the total number of deaths to 25,6
The closing date for submission of nominations is on or before June 6, 2023.
I don't agree that the people should take the lives of these runers, they should shoot only those who don't have IAP. it is as if he had paid with his life for those whom he had killed.
Naked came I forth out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither.
It is to be recalled that the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District has also suspended the construction of the Assam Police Station on 21st June The land belongs to the Government of Assam.
“Of course, there is a fixed charge, we don't talk about it, but the bill should be low and how even if there is no electricity, the bill goes up.
According to him, there are no more problems as the two cases will soon meet again.
Eventually, this shlem could become the Meghalaya Transport Corporation or Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited.
The question now is whom the NPP intends to contest as its candidate in this MP election from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, especially when the VPP has contested like this? The BJP has not yet decided whether to contest the upcoming MP elections. .
Am I a lawbreaker when I follow the Constitution,” said Bah Pynshngain while asking for clarification on the ban on two jobs in the House today.
Stating that the NPP has been gaining popularity among the voters in the state, he said, “I have never in my life seen such an influx of people in thousands.
Ma Lakhon strongly criticized the EC led by Thombor for being given many powers in the state government and urged the EC led by Thombor to stand up and fight for the welfare of the council. The council shall receive a tax exemption.
The word Nongtrai means 'Farmer'
“The NPP general meeting recently decided to nominate 25 candidates from the North East,” he said.
Through the CCTV footage, a bike number ML 05 K 9946 was recovered and during the investigation, two suspects were identified as Bah Banshanlang Myrboh (26). ) and Bah Henry Kharjahrin (20), according to a statement.
You can say that we are afraid by doing this, but we are not afraid and we will not back down, but we will stand firm,” said the statement signed by Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw.
However, in the Khana Sumari, those who are still in the traditional religion are written as others without indicating that they are traditional religions.
However, now the teacher is the leader and should encourage the children and should allow the children to discuss any issue with the teacher, said Ms Kharmalki and added that the previous teaching in the classroom was but in the humanistic approach the classroom allows students to ask questions with the teacher.
MECF Chairman Wallambok Syiemiong and MECF Secretary Deling Snaitang said the forum has decided to knock on the door of James Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity, Meghalaya to convey their grievances. to demand his attention on this issue.
Besides, other villages are located in the hills and these are also very remote such as Wahlakiar, Mawsahew, Nongsteng, Ku Nongrim, Mot Wahlong, War, Tyrna Umwai, Mawlong, Nongriat, Umsohphie and Nongthymmai. , Randait, Rangud, Mawsynei, Lyngngar, Mawlatang, Sohsorat and other small villages.
On Tuesday, July 15, 2021, at around 7:30 pm, a bus carrying 17 female gynecologist professors of JJMM College Davengere in Karnataka collided with a bus. she left for Goa.
He said that it is a great blessing for them to win six bronze medals because their opponents are from other states which have a tradition and skill in this sport, but when compared to the state are still like children because it has only started in two months.
Shillong, July: After the panic in the society due to the spread of the disease in recent years, and after the return of peace and order, as well as in preparation for the The Kur Dorbar in Sohryngkham, the Seng Kur Warjri have established their offices in two villages, Pyndeng Nongbri and Manai.
This fruit is more difficult to digest, but it is a good food because it contains a lot of calcium, the main mineral that is part of the shun, and it also contains a lot of carotene. which is rich in vitamin A, and also contains vitamin B. These vitamins are essential for human health.
In 2019, Nilberth had filed a complaint with the Lokayukta against Ismail Marak and two contractors for allegedly withdrawing money from the GHADC but not implementing any of the projects. claim.
The good man loved all of God's creation, hopefully this young man will be an example to others of his people.
On the other hand, the VPP, which sent Dr. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary, Dr. Kara Shen, Vice President and Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the VPP, has left the meeting. The meeting convened by the Prime Minister did not discuss the Reservation, but only the Roster.
For the winners of this tournament there will be a cash prize of T.30000/- for the winner of the tournament and for the runner up team of T.30000/- tyngka. will receive a cash prize of T.15000/- tyngka along with medals, trophies and trophies for the winner.
These incidents have caused concern among the people especially those who have suffered violence.
Nongpoh: After receiving many complaints from the residents of different villages in Nongrim Jirang, on Saturday, the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi Sepngi, led by Bah Alfred Lyngdoh, , General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi Sepngi, together with the members of the HYC, have blocked a road connecting Jareibasai village and other villages in the area. one of the border areas and which still falls under the Jirang C&RD Block.
When I talked to my colleagues on the Executive Committee from other national parties, I saw that it was interesting and that is why I feel that the time has come for us to move forward with them. ," said Mr. Mitchell.
He said that the Hima Mylliem has no knowledge of the meeting of the HFU. The Pa'iem urged the farmers to sell and buy and hold markets as they do every day.
Meghalaya has been a Rilum State for more than 44 years, but we see that in these 44 years, the State has been plagued by various crises and these include the Khadar rule. corruption, ethnic discrimination and also, the opening of the way for foreigners.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : A group of teachers at NEHU on Tuesday urged the President of the Republic of Meghalaya, Droupadi Murmu to direct the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to Prof PS Shukla to immediately withdraw the notification dated 12th November, directing the affiliated colleges to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) without the approval of the Academic Council.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, told reporters after the Cabinet meeting that the government has approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration Act of Marriage Rules 2015.
The meeting was also attended by Dr C Lyngdoh, Parliamentary Secretary and MLA Umsning, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, Chairman of the Commission on Resource Mobilization and HM Shangpliang, Director Social Welfare. in addition to others.
The report said that many insurgent groups in the North East such as the ULFA and NDFB use the Garo Hills as an entry and exit point to Bangladesh.
The owner of Mylliem Service Station, Bah Anvil Lyngdoh, said that after finding the theft by Jayprakash Mishra, they did not send him any more umphiang and gave him the money. one thing; After six months, he said he would leave for the village but lodged a complaint with the Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (APMU).
The fame and glory he has received is because all the scientists have proved that no one has ever found this Dohthli and that it is different from other species of Dohthli, which has made people completely They shall be called by the name of this Dohthli.
The 6th Scheduled doesn't make sense if foreigners are allowed to take part in the elections because tomorrow a Bangladeshi can become the CEM.
When asked whether he had any information about the Catholic Church, the pastor said that the Catholic Church is different from other Christian churches in Italy. The Catholics have the Vatican and the Vatican is their home country and the Pope is the head of the Vatican.
The scheme will benefit the residents of Jowai and other neighboring villages including Mihmyntdu and Ialong.
Hungary beat Dkhiah West 1-0
“There are people who are threatening the census, but this is only an estimate and not the complete census,” said Rajnath Singh, Minister of Home Affairs.
There is a concern that if the NDA does not implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), even the Sixth Scheduled which covers the states will be at risk.
Regarding the number of rivers, West Khasi Hills is the district with the largest number of rivers, which if the residents respect and take care of, by preventing and prohibiting the slaughter of fish such as The markets are filled with fish produced from the ponds and streams within the district.
Shillong: The management of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has promised to fill the vacancies in the post of teachers, on Tuesday. and staff of the university which have been left vacant for several years which has caused problems to the students and disrupted the smooth running of the university in many ways.
According to the family members of the police, the man, at 10 pm, left the house to drop off his Bakha, but since then he has not been found. return to the house.
Although Reims lost by three goals, the game showed that they played well and put a little pressure on the PSG goalkeeper but because of the lack of scoring, they did not. They couldn't score despite having several good chances.
“I will convene a meeting on this tomorrow.
He said the Prime Minister has acknowledged that the amendment to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act is to ensure that the corruption investigation authority will function fully. said Mr. Ardent.
On the other hand, the family members did not think that she had disappeared because the mother thought that she had gone home and the mother thought that she had stayed at the mother's house but suddenly on Monday evening she was lost. The old man found the body from his field and went to inform the village.
Those who get jobs now whether it is government jobs or other jobs are only those children of government officials, children of rich people who know leaders and those who have connections with politicians. Those who don't have money, those who are poor, even if they don't have a position, because they don't have money, those who don't recognize leaders are often rejected. Most of the time they don't get the opportunity to work. That's why our state is declining steadily. Even if you are educated, you are poor and you don't have the opportunity to go to school. Schools or colleges are better and more prominent even if you are stupid or ignorant just because you don't have money. If you want to go anywhere, you can get it. These young people who come from poor families have to leave for a while and what is the future of the country and the nation?
He said, “What is the purpose of building this amphitheater for three years without using it? Join Petition signed by the JSU and the Waheh Shnongs to repair all the necessary parts including the parking lot.
Thus, Jesus' death on the cross in April 32 AD was to bruise the head of Satan Lucifer as stated in Genesis 3:1
Shillong Lajong FC have won their third consecutive I-League title this season after beating Tiddim Road Athletic Union (TRAU) FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament. The tournament was held on Saturday at the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
The cake cutting ceremony was attended by the management of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Mission Society, President SK Laoo, Pastor Rev. ICS Syiemlieh, General Secretary, and others. members and representatives of Mawjrong.
“The ECC has advised the Government not to declare any area as an Industrial Area or Commercial Area within the boundary of Sutnga District.
“I am a Christian,” you will answer.
On the other hand, on the findings of the raid to collect trading licence in Bimola area, where it was found that there are Khasi girls who do not own the goods of foreigners, Bah Pyniaid said that He handed over to the Executive Member of Trade and officers to send a show cause to all.
Donbok Pyngrope – Environment Secretary 8.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Pilastar Nongsiej said that the purpose of the Kynrewmyllah Adventure Training Center and Eco-Tourism is to develop the youth of the area. He himself has become a National Mountaineering Climber who wants others to develop in such sports.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U Tengsim G Momin, the candidate of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) from Ranikor constituency, today lodged a complaint with the police against Sailus Sangma for allegedly stealing his original documents. he.
The government has already called a tender for the operation of the EMRI 108 but has canceled the call for a new tender because it has found that there are some shortcomings, which could cause problems to the government later.
“It is only a festival that can be postponed unlike other activities which cannot be avoided,” said Bah Sohshang. festival tea to another.
HDR Lyngdoh was accompanied by IW Ingty, Commissioner Secretary, Sanjoy Tyagi, Director of Umroi Airport and officials of the Transport Department. A special meeting was also held at the site to discuss the issue of the airport.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Legal Affairs in the State, M Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that just because there is unemployment does not mean to resign.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The UDP Pynursla Circle will hold its election on the 27th of this month at Pynursla.
The incident happened on Saturday at the Westfield of Bondi Junction.
Nongstoin, Lber 11: The influx of new Nepalis from Nepal and other places to settle in Langpih area has continued until today. by new people from Nepal, in the area; It is clear that the conclusion and decision of the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya through the meeting, which was held on 5th July 2010, has not worked.
The MDC said that the people want the outpost to be on the border and not in these remote areas.
Earlier, on the 3rd of this month, the Sengbhalang had demanded from the district authorities to suspend the public hearing of M/s Meghalaya Cement Ltd. M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd on the 24th and 25th of this month.
For the residents of Nongstoiñ area, they are requested to refrain from driving their vehicles to reduce traffic jam.
Out of these three new projects, two have started implementation including the Skill Development Under State Plan implemented by IL&FS Services Skill Development Cooperation Limited which has been authorized by the Government and The Numer-uno Institute of Professional Studies has recently opened its doors at Pyndengrei, Nongstoin.
His speech on this occasion has been of great benefit to many especially to the students of this college.
“On the part of the armed forces, they have confirmed that they will discuss this once they have informed their superiors and they hope that the installation of their own testing units will be successful and that it will be successful. It is also beneficial for their own troops who return to the state after their leave.
Involvement in funding illegal groups is not only a violation of the law but also undermines all efforts to protect the country from terrorism and illegal activities. said Bishnoi.
In the past I have heard that this nation of ours is unique.
“We are surprised and shocked that Nongstoin Block has been excluded from receiving this quota while other Block including Mawshynrut and Mawthadraishan have already received this quota. They have received it in their accounts, but we here in Nongstoiñ have not received it, therefore we have come to meet with the DC to find out the truth and also to ask for clarification on what happened to us. “We will continue to demand that we should get our rights,” said Marwein.
In the third innings, SCA won the toss and elected to bat first. Shillong CA scored 17 fours to help Shillong CA set a target of 227 runs. wickets at the end of 29 overs, and the run rate was 7.83 per over.
Furthermore, buyers are encouraged that the maximum purchase has been increased from 100 metric tonnes to 200 metric tonnes per buyer and the minimum purchase will be 10 metric tonnes.
He said that in this age of unemployment, even the educated youth get jobs, therefore in these few days on 28th March, 2022 the FKJGP Central Body The rally is being held to raise awareness about the problems of the youth especially to demand that the government should appoint the posts that are not available to them.
According to police sources, the Maruti Car (No.AS 01BC 0129), which was heading towards Guwahati, collided with a truck (No.AS 01 S 6675). Another seriously injured person was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong by 108, while they were on their way to Jowai. Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the accident which resulted in the death of two people.
If you vote for Kong Ampareen, you will not be asked to change your kur to Lyngdoh.
The enlargement of the thyroid glands is caused by iodine deficiency, Garvey's disease, Hashimoto's disease, multimodular goitre, solitary thyroid nodules, thyroid cancer and thyroid cancer.
Mizoram residents have reportedly built houses in the area, which falls under Hailakandi district.
He said that his department is now preparing to increase the number of village laws and kyntang laws in order to restore the forests in the state.
There are some other diseases which we find in the dumasla, but I cannot say how much they can damage the one in Khasi-Jaintia.
Shillong, Naitung 8: U LKyn Jing, MCS, BDO-Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, has lodged a complaint with the police in the name of Lister Mawthoh, President of Kyntoit Kseh Club, Diengpasoh. for the construction of a basketball court in the village.
Not only these, the items and food items made and prepared by the people of Sohra area, such as wine, water bottles, handicrafts, and others, were also displayed and sold.
Other issues that the HYC has raised include the legalization of the residence of foreigners in the state, the provision of documents. sufficient pages as a certificate of their residence.
He also congratulated the football team for bringing fame and glory to his state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah B Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong of Mawprem, said that the woman is a resident of Kyrbom MUDA Housing Complex and is between the ages of 27 to 28 years old. The Rangbah Shnong said that he cannot provide detailed information as he will have to visit the house tomorrow.
Media sources close to Bah Shylla said that at first they could not convince him but later they spoke to him and the community is now in the midst of a crisis and urgently needs him. He also agreed with their statement and said that he will contest the election.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of Assam has written to the Assam government for a meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states to discuss the issue. iaknieh place on the border.
A source from Nongstoin Police Station said that on the same night, the robbers also robbed 11 shops in the village. the things that are inside these shops.
The priest was not injured and it was reported that as soon as he fell, he got up and went to continue his part to tell the story, according to a news agency published by India. Today.
The match will be held on the 15th October 2023 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai from 10 am.
Take first from the word, the phrase – 'Bud Kpieng' – in this it is hidden to compare, to the mind, to the One, Whom men place their beliefs in the Creator of mankind on earth. .
The complaint was filed under section 21 (1) of the POCSO Act.
However, it has failed to build or repair the road which is filled with potholes and ponds which has caused problems to the traffic.
First of all, we need to know what is Covid 19? Covid 19 is a communicable disease that spreads quickly from one person to another.
After careful consideration, they unanimously decided to join the NPP party, as they said that this party has a true leader and under the leadership of Bah Macmillan Byrsat ex MLA. , many of the things he has done for the community and until now the works he has brought are still going on and starting working quickly.
At present, they said that there are no MDCs in the ARPA whom they have already spoken to and the talks have been held from time to time and they are sure that they will be able to win this time. now.
“We expect the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to extend its deadline to 8.9 months to clean up the coal in the storage areas and sell it to the traders,” he said. old.
The Union leader said that if the term of office of the ASHAs is only two years, Ampareen should immediately send a copy of these rules of procedure to the Union so that it can know how to work. claim.
She is known as the Magnificent Mary and is the only Indian boxer to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the flyweight (51 kg) category and win a bronze medal.
The construction of the new Meghalaya Legislative Building in New Shillong is in progress and is expected to be completed this year.
Remember brothers and sisters, to remove all these is not difficult, it is very easy when only one hole is opened and spread.
Now, the price of such juti has exceeded 1200 tyngka.
The incident occurred as the three were going from Mawiong to Mawlai Mawtawar via Mawlai by pass.
In the last elections, the people and various groups held a march to protest against the participation of non-Garo people in the GHADC elections. For the benefit of the people of Garo Hills but those people in the Treasury Branch of the GHADC (NPP) have not accepted this issue.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, today said that the condition of the dam, which supplies electricity to the state, is still tip top, and this has been found by experts from IIT Guwahati, according to the report is not yet complete.
The Incident Command Post, Medical Camp, Staging Area, Relief Camp and Base Camp will be set up at the SRGT parking lot and the open space in front of the 3rd Ground, Polo.
For this reason, the ration cards of those households or individuals who do not go to collect food or other items arranged according to the ration cards have had to be cancelled.
Manstudy Nongrem has sent a statement that the Congress has withdrawn from the PDF as ordered by the MPCC and the letter has been sent to PN Syiem (CEM).
Even if I have been in the party for a long time or have just joined the party, I will not invite the media to cover my own place.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng, 19: A young woman from Mynthlu village in Laphet village, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed her sorrow over the cheating of T1.30 lakh by a man who gave his name on Facebook as Dakermi Shadap and Case Shadap.
The Shnong Pamrapaithlu on Thursday conducted a training on the dangers of alcohol and other alcoholic beverages.
He also urged the participants to preach to their relatives and villages regarding TB as it is not a disease that people will forget. .
The trees on the right and left sides of the road in these areas are tropical trees and Khasi trees are not seen in these areas.
From time to time, there was a laughter among them.
“It is for this reason that we propose that if we come to power we will look into this issue,” promised Bah Vinvent to the farmers.
Shillong, October 20: Only Jesus gives us the food that gives us eternal life and the water that quenches our thirst forever, said Archbishop Dominik Jala of the Archdiocese of Shillong. as the chief priest at the Great Mass, after the consecration of the new church in Mawhati, named “Sacred Heart Church”.
I'm going to Jaintia Hills, I'm going to take it.
The implementation process will have to follow the following guidelines: First, the implementation of the policy exactly as it is allocated in concept and procedure is the top priority.
He also distributed awards to the winners of various programs including Bengali writer Biswajit Nandi.
However, he said that the appearance of many candidates in Mawhati constituency has opened the door for Bah Ju to win once again.
Do you have a good friend who doesn't have a job? Leaders also play because they are elected by a few, not by a majority.
And the Lord gives His earth to those who obey and honor Him. “The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever” (Ps 37:29).
Shillong: Members of the Pynursla Circle have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek to request for the appointment of more doctors at PHC Pongtung. It provides services to 42 villages and there is only one doctor to treat and this has created problems for the residents of this area.
The Seng also recalls that it was Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, MLA of Nongkrem together with other VPP MLAs who opposed the central government's plan to forcefully introduce Hindi among the people. Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, spoke in Hindi during his opening speech in the Assembly last year.
On this occasion, about 138 students were honored by the Vision 50 Academy with the assistance of the Vision 50 Academy which was held at the Central Auditorium of USTM. teachers, parents and families of students from Meghalaya and Assam.
After the victory of the NPP, the Working President of the party, Conrad Sangma, congratulated the people of Garo Hills who have been able to give power to the NPP to serve the people in GHADC.” We will form the EC with the support of the GNC BJP and other independent MDCs who are against the Congress,” said Conrad.
Informing about the decision, the Minister said that he is delighted and honored to announce this award for the contribution of this film star to the film industry of the country.
Riniki Bhuyan Sarma of Pride East Entertainment Pvt Ltd is one of the beneficiaries of the project under the APC Scheme.
we are all equal in the eye of the law....
The All Arunachal Pradesh Students Union (AAPSU) has deported 2,205 people without Inner Line Permit (ILP) and most of them have fled to Assam.
According to Regulations 3.1.4 of the Food Products & Standard Food Addictive Regulation, 2011, it is clear that no permission has been given for the use of formalin in food for improvement. he is the food.
The District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills, on 13th November, conducted a special training for Principals and Headteachers of Schools at IERS, Mihmyntdu.
If the government can provide assistance with signs, it will be more cost-effective because they will last longer, and this will benefit the farmers.
The antioxidants contained in curcumin are able to release and protect the body from the presence of harmful toxins.
Matthew is one of those whom God has raised to glory, from being a tax collector as a sinner, to the rank of great priest, whose Gospel the world is still reading. and Jesus Christ the Lord.
The competition was organized with the assistance of the MLA of the area, Sniawbhalang Dhar who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
If you leave this school you will not find it difficult to get into other schools.
When investigated, police found that none of the 11 Bangladeshis had come to seek treatment and some had come to seek medicine.
In the men's category, Mawryngkneng beat Mawphlang Block 4-0 while Young Age Football (Nongmynsong) beat Rangdajied United School 5-4 .
In a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath, Pandey wrote, “The Prime Minister has threatened our leader PA Sangma by predicting his death. “It is not only unacceptable but also shows his evil intentions. We appeal against this statement of the Prime Minister and demand that he should be punished”.
He said that the closure of the dam is not the solution to the problems of this disease, but now it is time to take care of ourselves individually. themselves alone.
“The people want me to lead this party and they have proposed me as President, I accept this and I am ready to carry the heavy responsibility for the Achik Jat or the nation. Garo, I will sacrifice my life for the Garo people, Achik is Achik, Garo is Garo, AHAM is AHAM, the Supreme Court has acquitted me,” said Champion. the caption added via a news release.
Nongstoiñ: The National People's Party (NPP) in Mawshynrut Constituency has become stronger after leading leaders of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) from Mawshynrut Constituency have joined the National People's Party (NPP) under the leadership of Mawshynrut Constituency. Gigur Marthong MLA of the constituency.
After the victory, Swiatek is now preparing for her next face-off with Donna Vekic; They defeated Ljudmila Samsonova 2-6, 7-6 (7/5), 6-2
Soren, 48, was ordered to report to the headquarters of the investigation team in Ranchi at 11 pm and testify through his confessions. The Qualapatty Dorbar Shnong together with the Qualapatty Sports Social and Cultural Club (PMLA) on Tuesday decided to hold a cleanliness drive on November 16, 2023 starting at 8 pm.
The Cabinet also approved the implementation of the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) which will be implemented from 2017-18, which will be funded by the Government of India. , up to 100 percent and this will apply for the construction of various development schemes, until October
However, the conflict has not ended and the Karbis are still blocking the traffic between the Karbi and the Pnar which is known as the Roads Transportation and Economy Blockages in the area.
Residents in these areas said that the earthquake on this morning was very severe and shook them with their hands and feet and a mother with four children said that she escaped from the earthquake. died when their house was taken.
He said that in Jiantia Hills, Byrnihat is the same, they are the same as in Shallang because the managers are foreigners, but the villagers are Local Directors. If you look closely, many of the companies in Rywiang are owned by foreigners and not in Shallang.
"“I don't have anything to do with it.
The last day I was here, let those who drink learn to drink...why don't those who don't drink follow?
ft by the gift of I (L) Profitable Dkhar and her family members on 31.7.2017 through Gift Deeds to R.Mathu IPS, SP West Jaintia Hills.
We strongly condemn such a stupid thinking of the NPP leaders. These same NPP leaders have also urged our Khasi not to think about the employment quota and just accept it as operated by the government.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has prepared a chargesheet against four members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) who have been arrested on charges of involvement in the murder of four foreign workers. It happened in Ichamati and Mawlai.
Ltd. is located in Lum Garo.
The match was very interesting and friendly, as no goal was scored in the first half.
Shillong, Naitung 4 : Shillong Police today summoned PS Lyngdoh, a YouTube producer, for his insulting remarks through his channel.
The ceremony was attended by the incumbent Waheh Shnong Hamran Lyngdoh, Firstborn Synnah, Richard B Uriah and other dignitaries.
Shillong, July : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills, Shillong has informed the ration consumers of the district that the ration under NFSA and Non NFSA for the month of July 2022 has been released through the ration shops.
Besides Assam and Meghalaya, other states affected by the border demarcation are Tripura.
“Umru, which is the most common habitat for these birds, has been forcibly invaded by Assam where it has built a tourist resort and other activities, and it has done this recently,” said Bah Alos. He added that although the people are against it, the police have come to guard it because the Meghalaya government is too slow.
These Ministers are elected by the people and Ministers can be removed from office by the vote of the people.
Returning to Kong Embhahlangki Challam, she has starred in four Pnar films; the first was 'Deipharchi ia nga' in
MBCL was established in November, 1979 with a budget of T.10 lakh and T.9 lakh from the MIDC with the aim of producing 100 tonnes of siej from this area. 25 acres donated by the Nokma of Nongchram.
If the ADCs do not do anything to exercise their powers conferred on them by the 6th Schedule, the State Government will soon have to withdraw their powers from them, as has been done by the Primary Schools!!From the Children: When listening to the song “Ka Dorbar u Khasi hyndai”- only the elderly who have a right to sit in the Dorbar; the women and children are not allowed to sit in the Dorbar!! It shows that although the Jaitbynriew is counted as a woman, the Synshar Khaddar is counted as a man.
“We will start the meeting with the participation of all the youth, women and elders and the Peace March will start from Madan Malki and proceed to Civil Hospital, Shillong and “We will take the road to New Hope, Barik Point and return to Madan Malki where we will end with a prayer,” said Samla Kenedy Warlarpih, President of the Malki Youth Association.
On the 12th, there will be a race from Anderson Higher Secondary School to NRL Petrol Pump Nondeiñ, in which 50 players from different teams will take part. to bring this dong to Moses.
