When asked about his goals for Mawlai, he said, “Education, health, roads and water supply are urgently needed in Mawlai. I will speak and try to look after the whole state because if Mawlai rises, it will rise but if the state falls, Mawlai will also suffer. “I will work not only for Mawlai but for the state as a whole,” he said.
On the other hand, the KSU has gone to provide security and peace,” he said, adding, “The meeting has not reached anywhere and no signs of peace have been seen. It is up to the government and it should take action to resolve this issue as soon as possible.
On the other hand, Dr. Sethi has attended many training courses at the Royal College for 2 years.
On the same day, the Readington Memorial Award was also presented to Devin Kharsyntiew for his services to the newspaper industry since
During the protest, the members of JECIPER met with the leaders of the All Jaintia Cement Factory Association at the workplace of Star Cement, where they asked for 40 days to decide on the issue. demands of the organization.
Nagaland's top scorer was Mughavi Sumi who scored 62 runs.
A snowflake cannot turn into a snowflake.
Shillong, June 20 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that they welcome the committee headed by a retired judge to follow up and advise the state government on the to implement the orders of the Supreme Court (SC) and the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the mining and sale of coal that has already been mined and stored in many places.
The traffic jam did not last for a few hours, but it lasted all day long, and in the evening, the Mawlong Market, Motphran, from Bimola to Khyndailad, Garikhana area, vehicles were stopped. lut sbak.
At the same time, the CLP Leader reminded that the five MLAs have decided to support the MDA Government on issues including the resolution of the border dispute.
Changes in AssessmentThe NEP 2020 aims to shift from summative assessment to formative assessment, which focuses on children's achievements, improves knowledge and tests skills such as analysis, understanding and understanding of teachings.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that Meghalaya is a prominent state in football where many football players have emerged who have had the opportunity to represent India, as well as teams. The State has been able to perform well in domestic tournaments.
The public awareness meeting was held at Jaintia Eastern College in the presence of Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare and Revenue, Government of Meghalaya. , IPS, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, Dr. Phervision Nongtdu and others.
“While I was on the road before reaching Mawlynnong, I was shocked because of the bad condition of the road.
According to sources, the ACHIK leaders have welcomed the talks with the Prime Minister and agreed to continue the talks in Shillong.
“Furthermore, to conduct an in setu survey, to identify the vending zones and the No Vending Zones. , the time or hour to sit down to sell.
The RBYF leader said that last year, the RBYF had temporarily closed down the Police Station, but only for a while it was allowed to reopen. The government has said that the government can provide for the shortcomings of the Police Station, but the government's lack of attention to provide for the Police Station has angered the union.
In order to complete the contact tracing, the petrol pump employee has been banned from leaving and entering these areas from 5 am on the 6th to 5 AM on the 9th of this month.
Many of the people are surprised that no appointment has been made in the new EC of KHADC led by the Chairman of ARPA who is also the CEM, Bah Adilbert Nongrum. Rupang asked the CEM who will take part in answering the questions related to various departments in KHADC. The EMs of the EC, Ardent, Latiplang Kharkongor, Donkupar Sumer, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Grace Mary Kharpuri, will answer the questions. Rona Khymdeit, in the case of James Ban Basaiawmoit and others.
The following are the names of the recipients of the award: Assam: Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG), Devojyoti Mukherjee, Rosei Kalita Inspector, Rustam Raj Brahma Sub Inspector (UB), Abhisek Bodo The award has been established since 2018 and aims to promote professional standards of crime.
However, Sengbath's father, Abal M. Sangma, who filed a complaint in the High Court, admitted in the FIR that he had lodged a complaint against the police that his son had been killed by the enemy. police said there were also witnesses to the incident.
The cashier of the bank was shot in the neck and is admitted to the Arunachal State Hospital in Naharlagun.
There was also a discussion on how to improve the use of electricity in the households and especially to plant more trees in the surrounding areas. .
He said that in the first phase they have allocated funds for 68 villages out of 5000 households and the aim is now to receive the funds for the second phase and the second phase. part of the third.
Afghanistan is now in the hands of the Taliban and the events of these days are very difficult.
[you also have a beer.
“This shows that there is a shortcoming in the leadership of the Congress party and this has happened in Nongpoh Constituency and this is the reason why I and the leaders have left the Congress party even though we are This is a day of remembrance and great joy that at a time when the leaders of the Congress party no longer remember us as the UDP party. “The UDP party is ready to provide shelter and shatri for the workers who have suffered from the rain and sleepless nights,” said Bah Balajied.
“We should not bring division but to have unity among all the people of the state regardless of ethnicity,” he said.
It is for this reason that those who eat Dkhar rice often get beri beri.
Ranjit Kumar has already been tested positive for Covid-19 in Assam and the number of deaths will increase in Assam.
Before being appointed as Media Manager of Rangdajied Football Club, he was also the Associate Editor of the newspaper.
Assistant Secretary- Marcel Rumut 5.
“The reason for this is that the government does not visit these schools especially in the rural areas but it has been left such only because they are in the rural areas,” he said. state.
He said that the festival will be opened by the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teiñwell Dkhar.
In 2013, Abu Taher Mondal of the Congress, who is now one of the ministers in the MDA 2.0 government, was elected to the post of Lamphang unopposed.
According to Bah Shibun, in fact, the party is confident of winning from all the seven seats and the confidence is because the members in each constituency are not less than 3,000 besides the people. who just came to support the candidates of the party.
This processing unit is located at Horti Hub.
Shillong: The Longkmie Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep has invited and invited all the women and girls to come out and take part in the rally to be held on the 18th November, at Motphran. to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya and to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)
Ribahun Kharjahrin, Class 9 of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Secondary School, Nongstoin, took part in this program and said, “In these 5 days, I have benefited a lot from how to walk. stand up, introduce yourself and show respect.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The UDP Pynursla Circle has expressed its concern over the government's plan to hand over the MeECL of Pynursla Sub Division to a franchisee as this will affect the households who use it. border.
Then, another day, on the 22nd, he met three people, on the 23rd eight people, on the 24th three people and then on the 27th, he met one person; then on the 28th 5, on the 29th 3.
Police also opened fire and killed one of the drug traffickers, identified as Salam of Hatigaon, Guwahati, and injured two other drug traffickers. They were identified as Hiranya Thakuria and Faijul Haque.
If they can transport the old equipment as carriers and transport by trucks, and if there is a theft of the necessary equipment of this factory, but the Government can renovate this factory to serve again through The installation of new machines and the repair of those that are still in need, there is no difficulty in doing this if the Government authorities turn to this area.
The agreement was signed in the presence of Dr. Vijay Kumar D, IAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Finance Department, Government of Meghalaya. and other government officials.
There was a claim that the land belonged to Meghalaya, but it was donated to Assam for the construction of the Indira Bhavan in the 1970s.
The question is whether the District, Hima and Village Authorities will allow such disruption of the movement of the people, just for the sake of profit of the organizers and the spectacle of the rawon? Why don't you go to the countryside or to the river if you want to compete too much?
This is what happened when the Roman armies destroyed the Temple in Jerusalem.
Having good manners and behavior is essential in all aspects of life if you want others to speak politely or respect you.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District through the Additional District Magistrate P.Kr.
These battalion barracks were built only of skhen ki siej, tin sopiing which was broken and unrepaired and the ground was still covered with earth.
The PMJAY scheme provides assistance of up to T.5 lakh per household for medical treatment to 12 crore poor people who should benefit from the scheme of the Government of India.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 17: In order to protect the rights of the buyers of various shops who buy various items from various shops to avoid any harassment by the vendors, the Deputy Commissioner, The East Jaintia Hills District, has issued an order to all shopkeepers to put up a clear signboard on their shops showing the prices of the items sold in their shops. ).
Because it cannot bring justice to all without discrimination against men and women alike.
In a statement, the Seng through its Secretary Kong M.Pyrtuh said that after receiving a complaint from all the teachers of the state regarding the delay in the newly increased salary issued by the government according to the The Federation has taken action on this issue by meeting with the Director of DSEL, Kong RM Kurbah on 21.10.2022 at her office at the Secretariat.
When asked whether this is not a fight against the party, Bah Pynshngain said, “Whatever I have done does not mean that I am fighting against the party because I am fighting against the people”. .
However, what has discouraged the health workers is the reluctance of the people to come forward to get the injection, even though these villages have up to 700 people who can get the injection (18 years of age shajrong).
However, the receipt of the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) scheme by the JHADC has enabled the MDCs to serve and provide assistance to the people in many areas this time.
Furthermore, as the consecration of Dikom Mukhim coincides with the Platinum Jubilee of Mawlai Parish, it was said that the consecration day will also be the most exciting day of the jubilee celebration of the Parish.
Nonglait's bike team arrived in Jowai with Christmas music and performed a Christmas Carol at Jowai City Hall before holding a ceremony to honor the children at Jrisalein Square, Jowai.
Bengaluru, June 30: Preeti Gulia, the daughter of a Bengaluru farmer who represented Maharshi Dayanand University at the Khelo India University Games 2021, has won a gold medal. .
From 2004 to 2006 he completed his grades 11 and 12 from Bosco Mount Rongkhon Tura; He completed his Philosophy and B.A from Vishwa Joythi Don Bosco College, Warangal, Andhra Pradesh from 2006-2
After the passing of the Ordinance, the Government has not passed any more laws on Rangbah Shnong.
The central theme of this year's celebration is “Role of Cooperative Marketing India in Achieving Five Trillion Dollar Economy and Sustainable Development Goals”.
Also present were the Rangbah Shnong Sawwat F Pyngrope, Secretary Shnong Umpling, members of the Executive Committee, officers from the CEO's office, DC's office. The office of the CEO and DC to register the names of those who have just registered their votes.
These terms of reference were launched by the Chairman of the RDA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Working President of the UDP and Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and other leaders of the RDA. organization.
Therefore, this shows that these companies who went to build those factories have ignored the district authorities and have not listened to the voice of the people who have their opposition to this. role.
Rgh Don Kupar took the opportunity to congratulate the Principal, the teachers and the staff especially the President and Secretary of Governing Bocy, who have taken over the responsibility. who are the most responsible for the daily activities of this college.
This is the first time that we have seen that from the conducting of the meeting, the thanksgiving to the music, the dancing and the joy will be conducted by the children.
The WAKO World Cup Diamond Kickboxing
“We have been here since the 25th and we have been arrested by some people led by the Secretary of the East Jaintia Coal Suppliers Association (EJCSA). The letter head reads EJCMA while the seal reads EJCSA...”, said one of the drivers.
Moodymmai CC won by 41 runs against Khliehtyrshi on Tuesday in the Open to All Cricket Tournament organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA).
The program was conducted by Bah Arnold Nongbri, former President of NYDA. A short speech was delivered by Bah B.Lyngdoh, Chairman of Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun. Computer of NYDA. Speech was also delivered by the Chief Secretary, who explained in detail regarding this training which the students have completed and also other trainings from the NYDA. His department has given to many young children as well as to the citizens of the country.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, has declined to comment on the strike by the employees of EMRI GVK 108 due to the lack of attention from the management.
On the 9th of this month, the Assistant Inspector General (AIG) of the State Police, Bah GK Iangrai lodged a complaint against the DGP for allegedly misusing the number. plate for your vehicle.
The deceased soldier of the 2nd Meghalaya BN NCC was Kitborlang Lyngkhoi.
The inspection was led by Bah Lambokstar Marweing, President and Rishanskhem Lyngdoh, Education Secretary of HANM South West Khasi Hills District.
The second is also to the higher authorities like the Autonomous District Councils and even the Forest Department of the State Government which has not been able to take responsibility or stop when there are any small or large factories that want to to establish businesses in the state by obtaining permission to erect machinery and heavy buildings in the forest areas.
The investigation follows the death of Sushant Singh Rajput, in which Rhea Chakraborty, his girlfriend and former drug dealer, was also arrested.
His picture with inscriptions on agriculture schemes, old age schemes, road schemes and all development schemes of the government.
On this occasion, dignitaries including the Vice-President, the Prime Minister, Union Ministers and others attended the ceremony.
The existence of Municipal Boards is illegal.
The match was very fierce between the two teams and they fought hard to score goals and this impressed the spectators on Monday.
They requested the Prime Minister to increase their salaries and pay them for the whole year instead of only 10 months and to ensure that they pay their salaries every month and to deposit the money into the accounts of the farmers.
Bah Shem Marbaniang, Counselor of KJP Synod Sepngi, who used to train on the impact of drugs, was the lead trainer in this programme. Drugs and drugs have destroyed many young people who have gone astray because of the wrong path in life.
And Jesus was going up to Jerusalem, riding on a donkey.
So far, seven boxing champions from the country who have won various medals at the World Boxing Championships and the country's best and leading boxers will take part in the development of the boxing championships. number of players in the team in the current leg of the tournament.
The registration fee is 100 tyngka.
Shillong, July 28: The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh on Tuesday sent a statement to the Priests, Religious and the faithful to inform the the opening of two new parishes in the Great Religious State.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said the government has taken steps to resolve the issue of lack of admission of children especially in Jowai, the capital of West Jaintia Hills District.
In addition, Nanda announced that his talks with the APHLC leaders have been and those who rejoice in hope.
The violence against women is not over, one woman has been raped and assaulted, two have been sentenced to life imprisonment, three have been tried and convicted, four have been accused and I don't want to be killed.
Since 2000, more than 150 journalists have been killed in the country, according to a report by Reporters Without Borders (RSF).
Special awards were also given to Master of Scouts Damien Nongsiang of Nongstoin Public Secondary School and Ribanylla Lyngdoh of Presbyterian School Mairang.
“IIT Guwahati is one of the leading agencies that has worked hard in this regard.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong Patharkhmah, has expressed its deep sorrow, as this is not the first time, but the third time, that the people of the market have burnt down. The Dorbar Shnong has warned the residents not to sit or set fire to all parts of the market and if found in the future, the Dorbar Shnong will punish them. these people.
President – ​​Daioolang Pakma
The Government has appointed a Commission to investigate the shooting deaths of people during the protest against the move of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) from Tura to Shillong in 2005.
He also mentioned the raids conducted by the KHADC where it has been witnessed that the indigenous people have tried to protect the foreign traders.
Allegedly, there may be a connection between Dr Mukul, former Prime Minister and the VPP, Bah Paul asked Bah Ardent why he has brought up this issue now, three months after the formation of the VPP. to the MDA-2 Government.
However, no one followed these requests as the MLAs of the Opposition did not agree to take part in the debates in the Assembly.
The KSU has also informed the DC that the villages of Domiasiat, Mawthabah, Nongbah Jynrin, Nongtang, New Nongtang, Nongmalang and Langmyndia do not have electricity yet.
The RBI chief said this is the second time that such a program has been conducted in West Jaintia.
It is learned that after the robbery, the robber tied the hands and feet of the little girl and stabbed her twice on the head, but the robber failed. After the people who heard the cry of the little girl, they ran to the place where she was, and the thief fled from the place.
However, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Shillong, has banned the throwing of garbage in the river and if found, it will be punished according to the law.
The former MLA of Mawshynrut, after being expelled from these parties since July, has started to go to the supporters to discuss how to do, in which the people have given He urged him not to register with the Bharatiya Jnata Party if he intends to contest the election.
And you have ordered us to accept, obey and support the leader/CEM nominated by the UDP and we as MDCs of the party have accepted, obeyed and done as you have ordered us to do”. said Sherborne.
The companies wishing to participate in the trial will have to demonstrate and fly their drones across the country for about 10 weeks each month.
Those accused of doing this are Hindu priests or Gaurakshas.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills Unit today visited the customs center to check whether there has been any smuggling of goods to Bangladesh, but found that the Custom office is closed today.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
There were many occasions when Rangdajied almost scored goals but the balls shot by Rangdajied players went wide of the goal.
Shillong: Police have strengthened security forces around Shillong to ensure that the Independence Day celebrations will run smoothly without any disruption.
Therefore, this project of the INR will help at such times to the people to easily return to agriculture,” he said.
!" Panah said, “Yes.
The source said that this inspection came after the fire broke out at the Shillong Bar Association on the night of 24th June due to electricity shortage.
Therefore, in this regard, it is necessary to create the means to prevent other young people from being involved in such a lifestyle, but it is necessary to open the way. For the youth, so that they can live a life of standing on their own feet, it is necessary to continue to conduct training programs in every village, it is necessary to allow them to open up their fields. rynsan or lympung of various kinds, so that the young man who does not have any talent should be encouraged or guided so that he will not lose it.
It is widely believed that grapes are very beneficial for your blood vessels because the antioxidants contained in these fruits help to fight against free radicals and also help in cleanses the blood and prevents blood clots.
That whole day she slept with her mother and had to work.
The Excise Officer said that the auction of kyiad is not published in the newspapers, but is sent by letter to those who have a licence.
These bank officials explained in more detail about the scheme and the requirements such as documents and others that the land dealers should provide when applying for the scheme.
The tanks were destroyed and the ships were heavily armed and carried thousands of soldiers.
He said that Shillong is a famous city and also the residence of the British since ancient times and it would be appropriate to make the city the residence of the President.
Four people have been arrested while two others have been detained by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the murder of two school children in Manipur in November. appeared on social media last month.
At present, the supply of cows to the farmers from outside the state has increased but the supply of cows has increased, said Bah Generous.
The party has taken the initiative to grant bail to Bah Michael Warjri and has gone to seek skilled lawyers from Assam, in order to fight hard for the release of Bah Michael Warjri. The lawyer has been granted bail by the Guwahati High Court, said Eldie Lyngdoh.
The party feels that the Chief Executive Member of the Hima has sold the honor of the Hima by coming to show in front of the public and within the Hima his freedom of marriage.
Real Mythic FC won the title after beating Jongksha SC 2-1 in the final on Tuesday at the Jongksha Stadium.
The PDF, which has four MLAs, also has 10 MDCs in the KHADC where Bah PN Syiem is the party leader in the Council.
The Prime Minister, who replied to assist the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that even the food allowance of these elderly people from last year is still valid.
It was explained by the Rangbah at that time that if the Rangbah leave, it will lead to bloodshed.
Japan has said that before doing so, it will have to consult the people, whether they approve or not, as it plans to start from November this year.
Prestone said the National Highway Authority of India (NHMA) has taken action against the bridge and if there is no delay by 31st November, the bridge will not be completed. ha Door devil.
The Minister said the Cabinet has approved the appointment of CP Marak, a retired Indian Forest Officer, as the Executive Chairman of the MBOSE for a period of 12 months.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shibun said that the spread of bad news is the act of those who want to mislead the people of Garo Hills to win the election in the wrong way. but the public should not be misled.
In this regard, the company has been requested to remove the blockage on the footpath.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM today lodged a complaint with the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management Department of the Government of Meghalaya, regarding the appointment in the department.
Shillong, besides being the capital of Meghalaya, is also the educational hub of the North East of India.
India was one of the countries that supported the demand for an end to the Israeli war in Gaza for the sake of the United Nations. the needs of the Palestinian population in Gaza.
Don Massar could not be reached for comment as he is in a place where his phone is not clear but he said he will talk to him when he is in Shillong.
The RSS, Ram Sena, Bajrang Dal and Shiv Sena have been speaking against Islam and Muslims,” the statement said.
The Additional SP (Traffic), Dr. SR Marak, said that police are investigating the incident and will punish the truck according to the law for parking on a narrow road without burning fire. to signal other vehicles.
Another reason found by the union is that the road from Weiloi to Mawsynram and Ranikor is too small and the union feels that the government should turn its attention to build and improve the road. This road is to ensure the safety of the passengers especially when it is a road with hundreds of vehicles passing through the city every day and it is also a safe place where if there is an accident. bring on the tragic events that happened to this man who lost his life.
“You cry like that...! Imat this child has really hated me... But how can I do it when I have created the fate of Panah like me...” Panah turned after hearing many of these things from Rida's bedroom. and he took the plate, and did eat.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) which includes the UDP and HSPDP on 23rd July launched its election campaign from the UDP office in Shillong.
The union said the purpose of the Quit Notice is that foreigners should leave the area immediately.
Places like Khyndai Lad, Urkaliar and Polo area are the most attractive places for tourists as in these three places, there are all the ethnic groups who do various activities.
The protest against the matta will be held again on Saturday and all are invited to join hands in this protest which will be held at 10:30 pm.
“We have fought against drugs in the past year and a half, we have arrested 640 people involved in drug trafficking and we have seized 24 kilos of Heroine, 10 kilos of Marijuana, kilograms of Crystal Meth which is a very dangerous drug and other drugs we have seized,” said Dr. Bishnoi.
The family members of the youth alleged that the hospital has neglected the treatment and that there was no doctor inside the hospital and the youth was left to sleep without treatment for five hours.
“Let us stand together to conduct awareness programs and take action against drug abuse.
To prove that they are the children of the thousands of the Hima Shillong, they brought and placed Mawbynna at the head of Ïewduh, Shillong.
This is the count from 8.30 pm yesterday to 8.30 pm.
In the Bachelor's Degree, they are Daïa Lanong, Sakhiwanka Kynjing, Idalana Ika Lytan, Armanki Nikhla, Hauru Pakyntein, Lapkibai Lakiang and Vailan Kanni Lakiang.
The Joint Action Forum (JAF) today decided to give 14 days to the JHADC and the state government to cancel the NOC of the coal mining factory at Wah Deinling, Rymbai District, East. Jaintia Hills District.
Misba is one of the most notorious robbers and has been wanted by the police for other robberies.
A house can burn down as soon as there is a little electrical wiring in our homes.
The reason for the state's inability to produce food to feed itself is due to the environment, lack of implementation of technology, lack of government support to farmers, lack of market. , which has encouraged the farmers to cultivate and produce more.
As a Raid, it conducts two rituals which are held at Lum-Shillong and end at Ïewduh.
When you go to school, you spend lakhs of rupees. After that, you come to work on a contract. For a small salary, the job is easy. Shuti also did not have the right to claim.
At the same time, he said that at the inauguration ceremony, there are 8 schemes for the construction of roads across the Mawkyrwat Constituency, 4 of which are under the PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Division. and 4 under PWD (Roads) Mawsaw Division for the benefit of the people in coming and going.
The Karbi owner of the land has come because they don't have land to cultivate, because they see that Lapangap has a lot of land to cultivate.
Imphal: The Manipur High Court on Tuesday rejected a paragraph in its judgment dated 27th October 2023 directing the state government to approve the recognition of Meitei tribe, as Scheduled Tribe.
It was felt that only those who have shown a sincere spirit to serve their children should be mentioned because some of the senior members of the political parties are still showing that they are scientific and cunning.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Comming One Ymbon expressed his satisfaction that the NPP Party has started to revive in this village and the surrounding areas within his constituency.
This decision came a day after four out of six prisoners were shot dead by a mob in a forest area near Shangpung village, West Jaintia Hills.
From today, the State Government should strengthen the health facilities for the covid 19 pandemic and most importantly, the availability of ventilators or machines to ring and breathe and As this is the first patient, the State Government together with NEIGHRIMS should take all necessary measures to provide the best treatment so that he can recover soon and if so, the bring joy to many others and even to those who have had this disease, so that they can fight hard and not lose heart.
This will also help to remove the names of farmers who have died or those who have sold their land, and therefore who should no longer participate in this scheme.
The BJP has nine MPs from Assam, while the AGP and UPPL have no MPs, while the Congress has won three constituencies. and the AIUDF, while the other was with an independent candidate.
Mother Anne was also a great lover of the poor.
New Delhi: More than 70,000 foreigners in Assam have disappeared before being deported, the Assam government said in its reply to the Supreme Court.
To form the Government is the responsibility of the political parties that have the MLAs who win the elections.
Shillong, July 05: Three workers were injured when a bridge under construction collapsed at Akhongre in West Garo Hills on Saturday evening. .
These notices will come into force from the 14th of this month and this is also part of the information to the public, said a statement sent by Bah KSDkhar, Secretary Dorbar Shnong. Shillong, July 20: “I don't know and I haven't received any letter from the party that they have expelled me,” said Bah LG Nongsiej, MDC Nongstoin. The HSPDP has recently announced that it has expelled Bah LG Nongsiej at a meeting held in Nongstoin in the presence of President Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit.
However, the good news is that this doctor did not hesitate and decided to stand on his own feet and start his own private clinic instead of staying at home.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today sent a letter of demand to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. The government should upgrade the Mawlasnai Out Post to a Police Station as well as the Out Posts at Umwang, Umtlih and Sabuda.
In the view of the Seng, if there is no export of agricultural products to other states especially jhur which are perishable commodities, it will not be able to save the livelihood of the farmers.
He said that besides these 8 schemes, there are about 14 schemes which are awaiting allocation and which are expected to be implemented soon.
Earlier, the Governor also inaugurated the hostel for female students at NEHU Tura Campus and inspected the Governor's residence in Tura which is under construction.
On this occasion, the KSU sends its condolences to the families of the five victims and to all the residents of Mukroh.
If these groups and trade unions leave Shillong, it will be a great loss to the nation.
Amita demanded the immediate arrest of Chullet, who is also the President of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association.
Therefore, he said that when they elect leaders, they should elect a person and not a party because the party is only a uniform.
On the other hand, former Chief Minister Bah DD Lapang said that the government needs to pass a law to give them power.
It is also worth mentioning that regarding the existence of the Weigh Bridge in the area, there have been many objections alleging that it has caused many problems especially in terms of traffic jam and at the same time that it is a place that is in the midst of the mountains.
The KSU said that many of these unlicensed workers are not only Indians, many are Nepalis, and others from neighboring countries, said the KSU leader from Mawiong Unit.
He said that the government should implement the Roster starting from 2022 as all government departments do not have enough figures on the number of jobs according to the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has found that there are 50 out of 100 households in the area. Besides, she has already met with the authorities to find out that there are illegal drug traffickers in this area and not that they are illegal drug traffickers from this area.
Other strong protests are taking place in Baksa, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji, Tezpur and Golaghat.
Earlier, Bora and two BJP members in the BJP government had resigned over their opposition to the Citizenship Bill.
This road is one of the busiest roads leading to and from Guwahati.
“The translation of the MIL elective into the Khasi language by the MBOSE is a project that affects the people,” said the President of KJDSTA, Ba ED Nongsiang.
Meghalaya has been successful in exporting Khasi Mandarin Sohniamtra to Dubai and also in establishing closer ties in the market.
Regarding food and drink, it was informed that all the children should bring money before they leave for one month and this was also said at the meeting with the parents.
The shooting occurred inside Monroe Park after the graduation ceremony of Huguenot High School.
All three players have represented Meghalaya in various tournaments organized by the BCCI. Saranya RS has been appointed as coach and Mary Balahun Sawkmie as physio. They are the four members of the North East team.
The answer of this old man is a moral lesson that we need to grow more food that will feed and feed not only us but also the future.
Where then is the spirit of love? Because that faith has turned to sin.
There will always be some inconvenience here and there but for the sake of peace, it is necessary to complete and carry out this task before the MLA elections in the state.
Students of Agriculture and Food Technology are also advised to call the Nodal Officer, Bah Remdor Dkhar ( +91 98631 14387 ), Dr Paul Chyne ( +91 9863089972 ), and they can also call if they need information for medical students.
Every month, the wholesaler delivers about 107 byrni of ration to the village and after weighing these 107 byrni, it was found that only 43 quintals of 1 kilo and 845 grams out of 53 quintals, 68 grams of ration. the FPS Center should be received every month.
“Until now, no arrests have been made and it is difficult for the police to track down because many of those who attacked the weighbridge are from Assam. He also advised the police to look through the CCTV cameras to arrest all those involved,” said CP Gotmare.
Meanwhile, the Mawkyrwat Village Youth Association (SSSM) has performed the Theme Song for the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
He also stressed that the authorities of the Central Government can provide assistance if there is the cooperation of all the people from the state to the people.
He said that similar programs will be conducted in other districts to spread the knowledge about NIOS as many part-time students do not have any knowledge of this opportunity. read.
The night curfew for East Khasi Hills District will continue from 11 pm to 5 pm until further notice.
Therefore, the court hopes that in this case, it will not follow the same path.
“We have not yet decided to announce candidates but the State Election Committee will consider what is necessary on this matter.
P.Bamon based on Proverbs 17:3 which speaks of hope, waiting and God's grace.
The MDA government is known as the government that struggles to implement the NEP 2020, but it has ignored Articles 4.31 and 4.32 of the National Education Policy (NEP) The Seng also expresses its concern over the BJP's immediate intention to implement or interfere with education.
If the NPP candidate is elected, the UDP will be in the government, the UDP or the HSPDP or the BJP. Perhaps the UDP has made a big mistake in its decision to join the MDA
M Venkaiah Naidu, incumbent Vice President, will expire on 10th July
The staff of the Council have sent their condolences to the family of Johnwyne Lyngdoh and will pray that God will bless their family at this time of darkness.
It may be recalled that Umthlong Village has been declared as a Containment Zone on 17th June, 2021 as part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 due to the presence of COVID-19 patients and High Risk persons. Contact this village.
Niaw Wasa UTd beat Nangbah Mulang 1-0 in the second semifinal of the Super Division Football Tournament sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
The JAC has opposed the mining of uranium on the grounds that the people living on the border will be affected.
When Jesus was on earth, he performed many miracles, not only as a teacher but also as a performer of miracles and wonders that cannot be mentioned here.
Remember that these works are not done by you, they are done by the PWD department.” Regarding the construction of the dewbilat bridge at Mawlai Nongpdeng, Bah Teibor said, “You are only a follower, you are not a follower. beginner.
There is talk of space beyond the earth and Jeff Bezoz, the owner of Amazon, believes it is 62 miles beyond the earth.
:The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, on Tuesday visited Dawki in West Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was very successful with the participation of all the day laborers from all over Jaintia Hills including Muster Rolls workers, Mead Day Meal (PM-Poshan), the Mysteries, the shopkeepers, the vendors, the shopkeepers and other day labourers.
In connection with this incident, the party has also held a two minute silence to express its condolences to the souls of those who lost their lives and to the families of those victims as well. .
“On behalf of the BJP, we urge the management of NEIGRIHMS and the companies involved to provide the staff so that the examinations can be conducted smoothly in the state,” he added.
Symper Rangers failed to score any runs for the loss of all wickets for 46 runs in 9 overs.
Jarain FC and PHE are the two teams to compete for the title of the Open To All Knockout Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The office bearers of the new union were confirmed by Bah BB Makdoh, President of SRSRBD, in the presence of Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary and others. old man.
Taking part in the Question Hour in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Lyngdoh suggested that this contingency should be placed with the MLAs so that it will help to expedite the relief measures.
Shillong, Nailar 6: MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang and another Congress leader Prestone Tynsong today met with Congress President Madam Sonia Gandhi to discuss the issue. They also expressed their dissatisfaction with the present government in the state led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister. claim.
God has bought with the precious blood of His Son Jesus Christ from the hands of Satan.
He urged the KHADC to issue the NOC as soon as possible so that the problem of the people can be resolved.
Furthermore, it was reported that a hospital in Texas has seen three times as many patients as usual.
They allegedly threatened and created trouble for the BSF, but the army tried to stop the incident.
“It is easy to just turn to the Government.
When the relatives of anyone come to Shillong, at such times when they are facing difficulties, if the Government can provide support.
According to the complaint of Constantine Langstang, the incident happened on the 13th at 2 pm at Saba village, West Jaintia Hills District when he was about to go to Umkhyrmi village to buy cows. It is impossible to identify those who covered their faces with clothes carrying rifles and pistols and claimed to be Karbi militants.
Police have recovered 42 bottles of soap containing power from a man named Abdul Kuddus Laskar from Cachar, Assam.
However, all these proposals can only be achieved if the authorities from the government and the literature can accept and ensure that they are orderly and in their own language.
“Yes, it's night,” said Deisy. After a while, they both went into the bed and fell asleep.
In Commerce, 57 candidates sat for the examination with 96.5 per cent pass rate, Pranjal Bhattacharjee came first with 92.8 per cent and Bidisa Gowary with 90.6 per cent.
“It is a very useful meeting and it is also part of the review of the progress of the work.
Forgive me for not going beyond the limits of our customs and traditions.
The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) together with several other political parties have strengthened their demand for the separation of Meghalaya.
The Hindu religious book says, "Alcohol is a mortal sin, the Mahapataka. The Muslim Koran says alcohol is the weapon of the devil.
Of course, it cannot be said that it is time, everyone is fighting like that from candidates, political parties but what is needed here is the wisdom of the people.
“Many people have talked about the clash between the two groups because of Amul Kool...there was no clash inside the church but it was a shop news and the law enforcement agencies have said that they religious groups – the Christian Churches are not involved, the KSU is not involved," he said.
East Khasi Hills has five new cases and West Garo Hills has nine cases.
Prime Minister Zoramthanga has already handed over his resignation letter to the Governor on Tuesday after it became clear that the MNF has been removed from power.
The HNLC said that many illegal immigrants have been killed by the Meghalaya police just because they are suspected of being Sanbor Pala. , they will also arrest the leaders of the Sengbhalang, because they suspect that he is Bah Sanbor Pala? “If they really arrest Sanbor Pala, we will not dare to hide his real name,” said the report. In the report of retired judge UT Vaiphei, police have alleged that Cherishterfield Thangkhiew @ Sanbor Pala was involved in the extortion and also in the bomb blast.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Ïongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
The Government has spent billions of rupees to help improve private land which it does not get to own.
How sad it is to think of those who have fallen victim to drug addiction because it affects not only themselves but the whole family.
They cannot expel the full citizens of this country, or turn them into foreigners,” Banerjee said at a public rally to celebrate the TMC's victory in the mid-term elections in Kharagpur. .
King Ahasuerus ruled from India to Ethiopia.
Jowai: The employees of the JHADC have complained about the lack of salary for more than four months.
“You are very good people that you can elect a leader who can rule the people of the area properly for the development of Sohiong,” he added.
Tarson Lymba, President HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, said that they recently visited Dawki PHC in the presence of the Medical Health Officer of Dawki PHC. The road will pass through Dawki PHC which is operated by the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA).
From that time on, the disease spread, It fled from night to night, The village did not want to visit anymore, The village of Mawkhlam will remain.
In another order, it was announced that the closure of the house of Tri Shabong at Lawsohtun Block 2 (Lumpdeng) has been lifted. and St. John's Church, which is located at Madan Laban and then, was authorized to reopen the office of Sr.
The elders said that as far as Umwaso in Jaintia Hills, but now Assam has reached Khanduli; If this continues, we will soon lose our land in Ri Khasi and Jaintia, and this will indeed be a great loss.
This report was received on October 30, 2023.
Bah Rubi, his relatives and friends, have questioned a teacher of the school about the incident, but he has not been able to respond to the incident. The teacher did not answer and fled from the place, which angered them.
All that remains is the SPL, which will also be the first season of the tournament.
The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills District has arrested these drug traffickers from one state to another. The police have seized a large quantity of illegal liquor from Demthring, Shillong, said the district police chief, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger.
If they don't want to go together, the party will do it.
Ahmed said the gut lines of his brothers who contracted the disease were his father's second, third and fourth sons.
The ANTF also seized a mobile phone, eight newspapers containing these drugs and a blue plate.
After a few months of winning the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, Argentina has won the World Cup in Qatar. The team, which currently holds the top spot in the world in the new FIFA rankings, has now managed to relegate Brazil from the top of the table. The team has been able to regain the world number one position after seven years of failure to hold the position.
It is learned that the two men who were shot dead had gone to demand money in the name of the GNLA and after the GNLA found out against them, it immediately shot dead them.
It is for this reason that Jesus Christ appeared before God for us, not to offer himself many times.
Meanwhile, Tata Trust Chief Executive Officer Biswajitnath Sinha promised that such a baby league will continue next year in the state.
The Nongkrem MLA said that according to the rules, the dorbar will be held only until 12 noon on Tuesday.
“One of these is that the central government has a responsibility on how the state government will set up the entry and exit gate to the state,” he added.
May God bless you all dear readers and we hope that this disease will end and disappear forever from our state and from the whole world through Shillong: There has been a death of pigs in Lamin village, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District, according to media reports.
The Hindu-Buddhists-Christian United Forum has informed the Prime Minister Narendra Modi about this, the BJP said. This is the decision of the BJP in the presence of Ajay Jamwal, Secretary in charge of North East.
Syiemlieh said that the price has pleased the farmers but after a month the price has dropped to 5,000 tyngka per month and these days it has dropped again to 4,500 tyngka per month.
In the second half, the match was very friendly as the attempts to score were equal and until the end of the tournament, no one could score. one spirit.
He said that the purpose of the Council to introduce uniforms does not mean that there is anything to spoil but it is for the purpose of improving and developing the daju especially the Khasi brothers from the invasion of foreign Dkhars who come for only one day. and they brought stars to Judah, and earned them.
Therefore, the Supreme Court has upheld the Notification dated 8th September, 1961 on the grounds that Regulation No. 5 of 1952 has applied 225 laws to all the areas of the UKJHADC (KHADC and JHADC). what remains is for the Governor to Notify from time to time one of these 225 Acts under Regulation No.5 of
Conrad also lost his place.
Then he went to the second, the third, and so on until the last.
“This tournament has been held again after many years and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has worked hard to host this tournament,” he said.
We believe that those who drive vehicles/two wheelers are properly licensed and familiar with the laws and regulations of India regarding driving.
Another good news from this village is that the residents are very concerned about protecting the rivers, forests and surrounding environment for the survival of the residents now and future generations.
Police have urged the residents to inform the police if they see these suspects so that they can be investigated according to the law.
APEDA has also supported the North East to disseminate information and promote local products such as KIWI Wine, prepared food items, to conduct trials of Joha Rice Pulao, Black Rice kheer, and others.
Mary is now the first Indian athlete to win an Olympic medal and the first athlete in India.
However, for Christians to oppose the UCC Bill is a serious mistake.
The KJP Western Synod has said that the Festival of Peace to be held at Mawphlang will not revive the entire nation.
Former Mawlai MLA SD Khongwir, husband of Harlismon Tariang, passed away this morning at NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong.
Manipur has received about Rs 1 crore in revenue from the implementation of the ILP.H. Criminals will find it difficult to come to peace in the state, criminals such as drug traffickers, car thieves and Human traffickers will suffer because there will be a control over the movement of foreigners and thus, peace and order will come in the state.
Jowai: At the 20th Village Assembly convened by the Congress candidate in Mowtyrshiah, Mowkaiaw Constituency, the MP of Shillong Parliamentary Assembly has strongly criticized the MLAs who have resigned and left the Congress party on the allegations of corruption. to the Chief Minister of the State, Dr. Mukul Sangma.
“We will lodge many complaints with the Assam Police against the robbers of places of worship so that they can be arrested in the Assam Police. when they entered Assam,” said the group.
At the time of writing, the body of the child is still weighing 2 kilos and police will take the necessary legal action tomorrow.
“TMC MPs have staged a protest even in Parliament to demand the recognition of the Khasi language by the Indian government,” he said.
Before that, burials were held on the Mount of Olives, east of the city.
Dr. Ampareen said that this service provided by the Government of Meghalaya is to ensure that the medicines reach the remote and difficult areas.
It is also known that many people have joined the group known as 'Bwa Kale'
It may be recalled that in the past few years, the leaders of KSU Mawshynrut through the voice of the people, have reminded before the Chief Minister with a memorandum on the demands of the people of the area.
The Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society (TWSP) has organized this festival with the aim of protecting these birds and also to make this place a tourist destination for the visit of these birds. which is worth thousands of dollars.
After the speeches of all the members of the Raid Mawlieh, the Lyngdoh Mawlieh gave the ceremony.
The Government has said that there are also those involved in the establishment of these illegal factories who have been arrested by the Police.
Shillong: A 28-year-old girl has been missing since the 4th of this month and her whereabouts have not been traced.
He was also pleased to find that volleyball is flourishing in these areas and urged the officials to come forward to promote the development of the state.
This incident has put in great trouble to the passengers who have to pass through this National Highway.
Thus, the blessings we receive from the most precious resource that uranium brings to mankind, through science and technology, the suffering and misery in life are also accompanied.
He said that after the outbreak of Covid-19, the number of tourists has increased to 15 lakh.
At this meeting, which was attended by hundreds of people, Bah Ardent asked for the support of the people by raising their hands as a sign of support to the VPP to hold protests if the government does not listen to them. The Reservation Policy and the exact timeline for the implementation of the Roster System have not been finalized as directed by the Court. this work.
Explaining about the development works, the village leader said that as of now, Umru Village has not been neglected by the Meghalaya government, because as a border village it has received all the development schemes. MGNREGS, PMAY scheme, ration and many others.
However, after the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the state, we cannot expect everything to remain the same but there should be a change.
It is to be recalled that in the past few days, the party has already formed the PDF in Nongstoin where it has elected the temporary office bearers of the constituency. On the other hand, the office bearers of the PDF have left for Mawshynrut to set up their office in the constituency.
There are other villages in Phlangdiloiñ area which fall under Ranikor C&RD Block and have to walk for 3 hours to reach Ranikor, he said. They have been facing problems since the past until now and this has caused problems to the villages and the people in the implementation of the 100 days MGNREGS and also on the schemes under the National Social Assistance. Program (NSAP) and other development initiatives to be carried out by the Block Offices.
The Union of Village Authorities said that many farmers have to sell their jhur at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo because they cannot afford to sell it in the market.
When asked whether there is any unity among the parties in the MDA on this issue, Bah Hek said, “You have answered by asking this question that there is no unity within the MDA”.
Bah Kharkrang said that after the incident ha Motphran, there were many thoughts that shocked the people but the police have done their job to restore peace to the people in the area. They have also arrested many robbers involved in various robbery and robbery but Bah Kharkrang said that there are others who are trying to defame and accuse many. how the police work hard.
“He expressed his surprise that the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is still silent on the incident in Manipur and therefore urged the Prime Minister to speak out on the incident and take action. firm decisions to end the violence in Manipur immediately.
The match between the two teams was very interesting in which from the start of the match although Portugal had the opportunity to score the first goal but the Korean teams fought hard to score the first goal. Uruguay and Ghana, who are in the same group, are also fighting for the title.
Shillong: The CoMSO's visit to Raj Bhavan this afternoon has led to a stir, as some people have tried to enter the Raj Bhavan.
Will this lead us to anything, because in the end, it is the people who will suffer.
Shillong: Following the agricultural and trade dispute between the Pnars and Karbi in the past few months, a meeting was held between the Dorbar Shnong on Friday 16th June. Khanduli and Suching Amring Border Development Committee (SABDC) at BOP Khanduli.
It is learned that the closure of the dam is due to the presence of corona cases in the village.
Cherishterfield Thangkhiew joined the HALC in April 1987 and served as its General Secretary.
The events, names of people, places and times are the responsibility of the author.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle, has strongly warned against the robbers who are involved in stealing the signboard of the Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle.
The union has said that the lip light should be 12 hours a day or 5 days a week, but the Bill is the same.
When inspecting the markets like Iewduh, Jail Road and Laitumkhrah, it was found that there are shops selling piat at the price of 85 tyngka per kilo, 90 tyngka per kilo and 95 to 100 tyngka per kilo.
Shillong: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday sought clarification from the Deputy Commissioner of the District who is also the Chairman of the District AYUSH Society. The posts of Ward Boys, Ward Girls, Sweepers, Cooks, Chowkidars, Jamandars, Peons and others should be announced publicly, according to the notice issued by the DM HO on 15th June
They said that on that day the talks ended.
After the annexation of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills to India, these hills were placed in Assam and these areas were administered under Article 244(2) along with the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
The United States on Monday sent its condolences to Iran on the loss of Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi and other senior leaders of the country, including Prime Minister Iranian Foreign Ministry Hossein Amirabdol-Lahian and two members of a team sent to accompany the leaders on the day the plane they were on crashed in the middle of the night and left. you're wrong.
The Minister said this on the problem of lack of garbage dump in Jowai for many months due to the protest of the people to continue the dumping of garbage in Mynkjai and to set up a garbage dump in Mynkjai. Mooshutsdai has been recognized by the State Government.
So as a person who is used to writing things, my mind didn't want to rest so it made me write this part of my mother's milk.
The goal of the Winner Mind Foundation is to improve the future of such children who have doubts in their minds.
He said that today's social agreement will immediately end the violence in Dima Hasao District of Assam.
“It is true that when there is a reservation, there is also a roster which should be available from the first day of implementation of the recruitment.
He also encouraged the weavers as Ri Bhoi District is one of the leading districts in the production of ksai ryndia and weaving, not to stop at one place but to create opportunities to express themselves to the world. She also urged the youth and women to turn their attention to this industry as entrepreneurs with the help of the government such as the RMSS Scheme, and others.
Throughout the North East, armed robbery has increased in recent days.
They were caught hiding in the toilet.
But those who have washed their robes have no fear, for God has not appointed us to the wrath of the world.1 Thessalonians 5:9/Rom. 5:9
They demanded that the school should recruit them for these vacancies.
The incident has been taken over by the CID for further investigation, as directed by the Chief Minister.
In a statement to the media, he said that as he could not attend the meeting convened by KP Pangniagg, EM Incharge of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, he was urgently phoned by Lyngdoh. Bashemphang Thabah and after receiving the news of the closure of the District Council Office, they forced him to sign the documents and due to his haste and illiteracy he did not sign. ei ei in the money job that has been signed.
I have served as a union leader in the past.
The election campaign in all 59 constituencies in the state will end today (Saturday) at 4 pm, which is 48 hours before the polling for the election of the members of the Legislative Assembly. one of the State.
“Of course they have happened many times but we know well and we have worked tirelessly to ensure that such incidents should not happen and the police have taken more measures which I don't want to tell you. “The police are in the middle of the matter and we are sure that the situation can be controlled and I assure the people of Shillong and the State that The Government will do everything in its power to ensure that such incidents can be prevented from happening again in the future.
Shillong: The HANM South East Khasi Hills Sohra in a petition submitted to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has expressed its strong opposition to the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners in the area. the Kingdom of Sohra.
Shillong, March 11: The Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, appointed by the state government to monitor the border areas in Langpih, will hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages in Langpih. The Langpih area on Thursday this month at Nongstoiñ to discuss the steps to be taken for the second boundary demarcation.
These vendors as usual have announced the price of sohshaw, jhur, piat, and others but no Syiem police have come to stop them even in the midst of the heavy crowd. well in the area.
Before leaving Shillong, the President also laid a tree at Raj Bhavan.
There are also children who write both the father's and mother's clans.
In such places there are also other activities that will affect the society and destroy our nation as a whole.
“Due to the heavy rainfall since yesterday, the service which was scheduled to be held at the Synod Ground, had to be postponed to the church hall. and to the multitude of believers who stood firm in the courtyard of the synagogue with the shatri to hear the message from the word of God.
The price of food and beverages in the market has increased but the day laborers are facing difficulties as their daily wages have remained the same which has affected all the day laborers, said Bah Pariat.
The ceremony was held on Saturday at Namdong.
I got only 58 percent of the marks.
The body of Bah Mathaios Wahlang, 28, resident of Nongtrai, Lawbah, Mawsynram, was found on 29th June at 1:30 pm. Police Station, East Khasi Hills District. The incident occurred at Nonglait near Nongtrai village.
Furthermore, on page 61, paragraphs 4 and 6, it says: Breastfeeding leads to a rabbit's eyes, but breastfeeding leads to a rabbit's eyes. smile is not holy.
Through the whatsapp group “Ka Sur u Paidbah ka Bri u Hynniewtrep” he has fought to curb the spread of COVID-19 and to help those who are suffering from the lockdown due to the Corona virus.
It is also prohibited to clean vehicles, clean the Myntdu River and other rivers in Jaintia Hills.
The team plays only once a day in two rounds and that too goes hand in hand with the Khasi rangbiria which is one of the ways of life of the ancients.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshai Synjri, Sordar of Nongjrong, said that many of the youths from the village have completed their studies and have not found jobs.
It is understood that Aashna Roy wanted to cut off her hair in front of her and cut off four inches from her legs, but the haircutter cut off her own hair and the haircut was completely cut off. and he came to the tyrpeng.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM-ER) under the leadership of its President Sh.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem today blocked the road in Jyntah village. The Magistrates, in the presence of the police, visited the scene.
Police, when they arrived at the scene, tried to search for the body of the man, but in the search, the police could not find the body.
He said that as of now, the cooperation in the MDA-2 Government is going well and there is a strong understanding between the colleagues in the government.
I hope it will be realized soon.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the President of the Union, Sutnga, said that the MPLU stands on the basis of to look after the welfare of the people of the state from the contractors, employers including the coal mining, agriculture and factories among others.
The husband of the woman, Tyn Shain Star Khongjee, 23, is a resident of Nongmadan and is also the ex-husband of the woman.
Convener Phrangsngi Sutnga, has requested the Waheh Shnongs of Ri-Lum Jaintia on the basis of electing the Leaders to the Legislative Assemblies through public meetings to be held in various Dorbar Shnongs. diverse.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. DD Lapang, CP Gotmare, Bah CB Syiem, residents of Umshangling, leaders of the Union of Phra Shnongs and others.
Many people participated in the Common Platform with questions especially on the Instrument of Accession and others where the candidates and leaders answered all the questions.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said that the Shillong Ropeway Project will start from Madan Laban to Lumparing and onwards to the Shillong Peak view point.
Ma Longda Bamon, said that this training is for the purpose of ensuring that the lunch makers understand the implementation of the Mid Day Meal scheme in schools for the benefit of the students.
“On Monday, we will collect how many commercial taxis are driving without trading license, how many foreigners are driving without Labor License and all the vehicles that we have received proper numbers, which do not have trading license. “We will write to the District Transport Officer (DTO) to take the necessary action that all taxis before getting a permit should get a Trading License and those who don't have a Trading License should be removed,” he said. even Titosstarwell.
In South Garo Hills, there should be a bank and mobile connection at Rongara and elsewhere as the beneficiaries from those blocks have to travel about 80 kilometers to Baghmara to complete their work. I'm sorry," said Marak.
In the first innings, Avinash Rai top scored for 126 runs.
We understand that the task before them is to serve the country and the nation and we don't want to punish those who come regularly to our villages.
In a statement sent by Bah Active Pator, President of the RBYF Western Zone, it was said that the arbitrariness of the government employees in Ri-Bhoi Sepngi, has put the people of the village in great trouble. , especially if they go to the Jirang C&RD Block office and the most difficult is for those who come from more remote villages.
Nantu Das was named Man of the Match.
When again news items came up that again it is reappearing there was no panic and that is what we have done, put that confidence, we have asked the people to learn to live with this and to be prepared for any eventuality also for any type of disease.
“We as the union have to continue the strike against the purchase of cows from Khanapara Market and we will wait for the decision after the meeting next month. “If the union doesn't take strong measures, the price of meat will continue to rise and it will affect us as traders and the people who eat meat,” said Generous Warlarpih General Secretary. this organization.
On the other hand, the union has met with the Commissioner of Transport, Bah IW Ingty to express their concern about the movement of 14 trucks up and down Jaintia Hills. They said that they should no longer use these types of trucks because the road in Lum Jaintia is not suitable.
The Dorbar Shnong supports the BSF troops, only if they act properly or patrol the border, to avoid any illegal activities of the Bangladeshi authorities. steal to steal the property of the Indians whether by day or by night.
Who will take responsibility for this Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa or we will have to surrender and raise our hands according to the will of the 24th which has now increased to
He owns a large piece of land and a house in Gurgaon, Haryana, worth T.5,25,00,000 and many other pieces of land and houses.
Earlier, they had arrived on the night of 17th November 2020 and destroyed farmland, crops such as rice, synsar, sying, pathaw, kait and others.
According to official documents from the office of the District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, there are 1072 deficit teachers in various schools (except LP schools). ) of East Khasi Hills, including 85 teachers from 4 deficit schools in Sohra Sub-Division, 73 teachers from different schools, the government is still suspending the issuance of recruitment permits ( appointment orders).
Besides the workshops held in the schools, the children were also given a platform where they could showcase their talents.
The match on Tuesday will be between Nangkiew Irat and Shillong Lajong FC at 3:15 pm.
Informing about the decision, HDR said that at the meeting, which was attended by all the 40 primary units of the Sohiong Block Congress, they unanimously decided to leave the Congress and join the Congress. UDP.“All the units have forced me to leave the Congress and contest from the UDP in the MLA elections next year,” said Bah HDR. The decision taken by the Congress party leaders in Sohiong is because they see that the Congress party has no hope in the upcoming elections.
The Pnar3
Speaking on the occasion, the President of HYC Ri Bhoi District, Samla Hercules Suting, congratulated these youngsters who have been willing to take up the position of leader and the goal they have taken as such. The leaders under the banner of the HYC are to provide that service for the welfare of the people.
The government of Assam has built a grave.
“Bye-bye,” said Kong Rep when she came out of the house.
In the MDC election, it doesn't matter at all because the MDC election is only an election of autonomous bodies like the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar election or the Syiem election, etc. The MDC election doesn't fall under the rules of the Election Commission of India. However, it has its own rules which, if read carefully, do not prohibit or prohibit even government employees from contesting elections.
But it didn’t happen that way.
Nongpoh, 03 Naitung: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has demanded the release of the arrested members of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF). The Ri-Bhoi District Court today released the suspects on charges of illegally locking up the office of MUDA, Byrnihat Unit on 1st November, Members of RBYF arrested in Nongpoh.
Until 1946, India was not a secular state under British rule.
The Executive Members (EMs) of the Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday discussed several issues including the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), in addition to the need to regain the authority to issue the Schedule Tribe (ST) status, and to urge the State Government on the delay in passing a law on the Kur Ka Jait, known as the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Khasi Social Custom of Clan Administration) Bill, 2022.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has warned that shops should not keep secret the prices of goods.
The Minister also praised the working methods of the Block Office at Mawkynrew who have worked hard for the full implementation of many schemes of the state and central governments.
A Specially Dkhar (30) named Sin Spel from Wapung Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District has not returned home for three days and his family members suspect that he has gone missing.
There will also be other entertainment activities from the 27th such as Dancing Competition, Housie Bumper, Children's Amusement Corners (Bouncer & Trampoline Jump), Khasi Indigenous Foods & Drinks, DJ Night from prominent Nongpiur musicians. and others.
Among the recipients, Headingson Ryntathiang has been selected for the Tirot Singh Syiem Award, Pastor Frithing D Sangma for the Pa Togan Nengminza Award and Eugeneson Lyngdoh for the Kiang Nangbah Award. Award.
Training in Indian Sign Language (ISL) will be provided across the country and will be used by hearing impaired children.
Conrad said the Chief Minister of Assam has requested the state government to fix a new date to inspect the border areas before the start of the border talks. .
As Bishop he adopted the motto “Apostle of Christ”.
Instead of being musicians, peacemakers, judges of community affairs, they become arsonists and instigators, destroyers and destroyers of all community affairs.
“The construction of the shopping center has been completed if it is done according to the law.
With only a few months to go before the MLA elections, the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has faced a bad smell which has been a sign of illness in the last four years of its rule.
When inquired from the police, it was said that the cause of the incident may have been due to the speeding of the driver of the gas truck. He was unable to control the vehicle he was driving and which caused the tragic incident.
“Our meeting with the Prime Minister is to remind him of the demands we have submitted to the Government,” said MCCEU General Secretary Bah Pynshai Lyngdoh.
A case has been registered against the suspect under Case No. 05(03)2021 u/s 5(0)/6 POCSO Act. Nongstoiñ Women Police Station.
When asked how he feels about the prime minister's statement during the election campaign that he will bury the NPP alive in the 2018 elections, Conrad laughed as did other NPP leaders. “I don't want to say anything about that statement because I don't know what the intention is,” said his brother MLA James K Sangma and State President Dr. WR Kharlukhi. “You should have asked him – he knows better what he means when he says that,” said Conrad.
Of course, she did not force but she explained the importance of getting vaccinated as a precautionary measure against this disease.
On receiving a tip, the Ri-Bhoi Police together with K9 and CID raided the farmhouse and found a box containing the drugs.
As soon as he entered the missionary's house, the scientist looked at the missionary's beautifully decorated house and asked, Who built this house for you? which is too beautiful for me to send.
“I am a candidate for all the posts and in 2010 there was a rumor that I would contest for the post of Prime Minister and they felt that it was right. shisha, after becoming a candidate for the President of the MPCC and this too they felt that it is true and now I don't want this to appear again as a leader of the CLP, because people will feel this too. “It is true and I am happy with what I am and where I am now so that I can serve the party as I am now”.
Speaking on the glory, Rev.KE Rympeit urged the faithful not to pursue the glory of the world and as believers in Jesus Christ who is the Son of God we should pursue the glory of God. God by living a clean and precious life in the sight of God.
I don't want to J.N.StadiumOn the top of it I'll fallWhoever comes near the path of my anger will be I.You've built many housesYou've blocked my wayAnd I, you've shown me strengthI'll run away from this time.
“Their wish is to bring Aadhaar if they have Aadhaar and if they don't have Aadhaar, they should not be forced and said that if they don't have Aadhaar they will lose their examination,” he said. , said Mr. Marbaniang.
How will these students feel and what are the other ways of this Government to deceive them, so that they will agree to vote Congress for the Congress candidate in the upcoming Elections
Jowai, Jymmang 17: The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Iooksi Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the neglect and neglect of Government schools in the rural areas.
There are those who have been involved in the whole country.
Shillong, June 05 : The State Government on Tuesday announced that swine flu has broken out in two villages, Dalu and Asigare villages in Dalu Block, West Garo Hills. The Secretary, AH & Veterinary, Dr Manjunatha C, said that the outbreak of African Swine Fever in the villages of African Swine Fever has been reported in the country. The government has strictly prohibited the slaughter or sale of pigs in these affected areas.
A Canadian, identified as Khaled Hussein, 28, was also arrested for involvement with banned terrorist groups.
He said that he will send a team to inspect across the state and submit a report on the non-functioning health centres.
He said that the opposition to the CAA, especially in Meghalaya which borders Bangladesh, Myanmar and other countries who are suffering in their livelihood, if they come to Meghalaya how can we expel them. Because there is a law to protect them, in Meghalaya we have about 35 lakh residents. that custom.
Not only in Langpih, but all over the border area, along with the Hima Nongstoin, Jyrngam, Jirang and others, Assam was in power.
Eight of the deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District: 05, Ri Bhoi, West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills respectively.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) led by its President Commander Shangpliang and General Secretary Alfondbirth Kharsyntiew today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). , to express concern over the illegal kilo cutting in Iewduh, especially over the illegal kilo cutting.
Five percent allocation to assist poor families and other schemes with priority given to women with disabilities.
It is now one of the most important parts of the credit framework.
The 2nd Chief Minister District Level Inter-School Athletic Meet 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) has come to an end on the 19th of this month at Dommawlum Stadium. in Pyndengue, Mairang.
It is for this reason that Brahmananda Reddy supported Sanjeeva Reddy to be elected President of India against the will of the Prime Minister.
‘Give a man a fish and it will feed him for a day.
All the Governments in Meghalaya in the past 50 years have tried to resolve the border dispute with Assam which has been going on for more than 140 years and this problem should no longer be burdened on the future generations.
However, Umkseh didn't give up but fought hard and in the 54th minute they scored a goal through Kyrshan Khongsit after the Langsning goalkeeper couldn't save the ball.
However, until then, the four organizations will wait and see what the PWD department and the DC will do.
Shillong: Young leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Indigenous Territorial Organization (HITO) have thrown down the flag of the party in Ri-Bhoi District. power of the President of the Kmie.
The DM&HO said that the infant death rate (per 1000 live births) in East Khasi Hills in 2021-22 was 38.09%, while in 23 is 39.25%.
On the same day, Conrad also inaugurated the C&RD Block at Purakhasia.
When Jesus was on earth, he said that all these great works can be done by man.
He said the GST will be a tax that will make India a single market.
Many times, even though many have gone to buy and get what they want, few have seen that they have nothing to share with others in need, the poor, the suffering, the needy. to buy new clothes to replace the old ones (which they receive only once).
The owner of the coal was identified as Deimi Lyngdoh of Thadmuthlong B and Baitki Suiam of Wapungshnong.
Nongstoiñ, June 15: The mid day meal teachers in various schools as appointed by the government, have expressed their deep sorrow over the neglect by the government.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung Border Area, said that the Union, the Dorbar of the Syiem of Raid Nongtung and the RBYF are willing to hold this festival. Lakhempong which is part of the preservation of the customs and traditions of the Raid Nongtung as led by our ancestors.
Salik Khan said police officers should be trained on how to know more about fake news spread on social media and police should also be trained on how to use technology. and they shall not be like unto this day.
These bills have been pending until now.
Gen Sudhir Bahl (Retd.), Senior Consultant (ME & IRS), NDMA. During the exercise, MSDMA, DDMA (East Khasi Hills), PWD (R&B) and Various groups as well as Districts have expressed their views on various issues.
In the first match between Nongkrem and Thangsning, Albertstar Nongspung scored the first goal in the 24th minute and Joinborlang Kharumnuid scored the second goal from the penalty spot in the 65th minute. of the step change.
Meghalaya does not lack talented citizens, but does not have adequate support facilities and this has affected the development and progress of sports, music and other arts.
On the other hand, the president of the union expressed his condolences to the farmers for their loss.
The people have witnessed such games for a long time and will support those who do not affect religion, that is, the BJP candidate in the upcoming MP elections.
Why not just love one person, settle down and have a child with her? By doing this, it makes the family strong and this gives the wife and children confidence in their father that no matter what happens, the father will not abandon them.
Lalduhoma played a role in convincing Laldenga to return to India who was then living in London.
The football tournament, organized by the Wahmawleiñ Social Cultural and Sports Club, was scheduled to be held at Wahmawleiñ but due to the collapse of the ground, it was postponed to Jongksha.
The MIPRL condemns the incident, but at the same time, alleges that the root cause of the incident was the actions of Asstt SP, UK Kathikeyan, who assaulted a youth and the victim. This is the reason why this bloodshed has occurred in this area.
This news was confirmed by the members of the group who called the husbands of these two men from this morning until the evening about three or four times.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the officials of the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) have said that there is no question of removing the railway line or the question of forcibly implementing the railway line. an.
Because man is not like a machine without human consciousness: before he does anything, especially evil deeds, there is always that effect on his soul before he does it, because this The power of understanding is not given to you by the Creator or by nature.
“If the state government gives us Rs 50 crore, we can pay the old salaries of all the employees,” he said.
The majority of voters in Meghalaya are farmers, about 85 per cent.
“I hope that during these six months of my tenure, I will monitor the EC and the CEM to implement this demand of mine and other works for the benefit of the jaidbynriew,” he said. said.
The government should have allocated Rs 48 crore from the tax on kyiad to the education department. Why should it listen to the demand because it is not the money that the government cannot pay? to the government.
In the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin Assembly Constituency and Mawshynrut have no sitting MLAs from the NPP and the Congress from Nongstoin have no sitting MDCs. Although the Congress Rambrai has not yet announced its candidate, Bormanding Nonglang, President of the Rambrai District Congress Committee, said that the Congress has already announced its candidate. There is no candidate in this constituency and the preparations are in full swing.
“There is no difference and if we write MLP they cannot accept but we have written HITO clearly,” said Bah Donbok.
Shillong, Nailur, 17: The State Government has spent T.39.88 crore per month to pay salaries to 32 Deficit Colleges, People's Colleges, Adhoc Colleges and Lumsum Colleges in the State.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has distributed relief goods to one of the flood victims in Umshong village.
He said that the union has found that the lack of network in the area has caused problems to the people living in the area and especially in this age of mobile (Internet), which the people themselves need. I don't know if there's anything wrong with you.
After the arrest, the village handed over them to the police for further investigation.
On the same issue, the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Phudumbah Area Unit, said that the road has been constructed since 1996, but the government has not been able to improve it.
The Finance Department has agreed to call for new recruitment but it could not be done as the department has not released funds for the salaries of the new employees.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held at Kiang Nangbha Stadium. Jowai Stadium.
Only by the surprise of our people can we bring back the employment and peaceful life of the nation as a whole.
Shillong, October 3: U MDC Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday expressed his dissatisfaction with the decision to move the C&RD Block office from Mawlai to Mawtawar.
Isn't this the most sinful and sinful thing in the world, where brothers and sisters get married and this will continue to happen as the days go by if we don't change our ways immediately. Give our race to the man as in this age of women who are raped.
“They are giving lectures here in Motphran, on the suffering of our people, what good will it do, even under Nongstoin, no one has gone to sleep?” asked Bah Denis.
There were also reports that the central government department has conducted an investigation into some of these officials of NHAI as well as those who have been appointed by the contractors, which has prompted the NHAI to This important road connecting to other states in the Northeast, especially into the Barak Valley, Tripura and Mizoram.
These illegal drugs were smuggled to Bangladesh.
“We from the Sports Department have already handed over to the MSOA to host the Meghalaya Games, we have allocated Rs 2.20 crore for the Games and from that we have released Rs 1.20 crore to the MSOA to organize the Meghalaya Games. I am sad and angry when I learned that the accommodation and shelter are not adequate, the outlets are dirty and the food and drink is not available. fine.
Sandeep Siangshai scored the second goal in the 45+1 minute to take a 2-0 lead in the first half.
If a person does not have a Voter Identity Card on the Electoral Rolls,
In a letter sent to the SDO (Civil), the union said that the movement of trucks is a threat to the Jingkieng Khri which is very weak at present and is also in danger of collapsing at any time. ban cut or throw.
“However, to avoid the crowding at the vaccination centres, the department has fixed the date and time for the registered persons to come and give Tikka and this will be sent to their mobile phones. ," he said.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the counting of votes for the mid-term elections in Ampati constituency has gone smoothly without any incident. There have been three complaints between the supporters of the NPP and the Congress.
The NPP is also a responsible and patriotic party.
Heimonson is the son of Phoenix Phawa and L. Tikin Pariat.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday said that the second phase of the border talks between the Meghalaya and Assam governments has been suspended due to the The Election Commission of India (ECI) has been working on the division of constituencies in many parts of Assam.
The BCCI has announced the sale of the rights for the tournament and TATA has acquired the rights to host all the matches with its support.
Under the NFSA 2013 PHH and AAY, the distribution of rice is as follows: – PHH – 5 kilos per capita at the price of 3/- per kilo AAY – 35 kilos per card Price 3/- per kilo Non-NFSA- 7.215 kilo per card Price 13 tyngka per kilo Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Awaas Scheme (PMGKAY) PHH – 5 kilo per head without payment AAY – 5 kilo per head without payment da shim pisa No deduction or deduction shall be made from the allocation made by the Government in connection with the distribution of any food items provided under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. all FPS dealers should not deprive those consumers if they do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
At the meeting, Bah Phlolasly Nianglang said that the Garo Hills District Council has decided to destroy one village in the area and that village is Mawbru village which is within the boundary of the Garo Hills District Council. the Kingdom of Nonglang.
The Children's Tournament was scheduled to be held in 2021 but had to be postponed due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the State and the world.
Let us watch carefully because now this disease is getting worse.
Other finalists included Chingkame Momin, G-Brothers, Rakjring R Marak, Black Pink Juniors, Ariston Tongper, Labianghun Lyngdoh, Siewdor Group and Tyngshainhun Wanniang.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Chief Controller of Examinations, MPSC, WA Booth, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that she received a message through Google Alert informing her that someone had stolen her email. Shillong, Nailar 29: The Education Department of the State Government has sent a letter of explanation to the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram on its demand to remove the members from the lynnong. of the book 'The Footsteps of the Longshwa'
Kerala jhur reduces the amount of glucose released into the blood by breaking down the enzyme of these disaccharides into two monosaccharides.
The proverb says that corruption is like a disease that destroys a nation.
Any children who wish to participate can register with Nangshai Nongpluh, Ph.D.
B.Riangtem President of the Union of Village Authorities Nongtrai Sepsngi said that in fact from Langdongdai to the PMGSY road is not far if the road is good because there is only about 6 KM, but due to the deterioration of the road, many patients have died in the middle of the road and also two mothers have given birth in the middle of the road without being able to reach CHC Riangdo.
“Look for example at Gharwapsi, the ban on NGOs, the ban on beef, the Land Act, the ban on pornography, this is the development they will do after being empowered?  “The Youth Congress will fight against such acts of violence and he said that the Congress MPs have been suspended only because they demanded the resignation of three ministers of the BJP government,” he said. Youth Congress.
The make up artist is Susan Kharsaiot and the song is composed by Mewan E Nongsteng while the song is recorded and arranged by Joelan Pariat.
Despite the inability to implement the scheme properly in many schools in the state, the state government through the education department has allocated another T.107.98 crore for the implementation of the scheme in for the fiscal year 2015-1
He said that the meeting also discussed the need to find out whether there are any Kur ki Jait who have been forgotten or no longer exist before releasing the final list of Kur ki Jait Khasi. within the boundaries of the Council.
Jowai, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of Meghalaya has appointed a Deputy Commissioner (Excise) for the upcoming elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. The West Jaintia Hills District Council (WJDC) has fixed the opening and closing times for liquor shops in the district.
The vehicle was parked in a sharing place and the woman went down to throw a stone at the vehicle so that it would not roll, but because the stone was too small, the vehicle started to roll. and he went down to look for another.
There will also be training on health especially how to fight against COVID-1
Only I understand out of 100 people.
There are also other activities as well, such as learning to cook and bake cakes and playing basketball.
The walk was led by Bah Pilastar Nongsiej, a prominent national mountaineer and founder of the National Mountaineer Mountaineer. Kynrewmyllah Adventure Training Center & Eco-Tourism, Mawranglang.
It is learned that the incident happened at 3 pm, when the house of Kong Merin Kharkongngor, suddenly caught fire for no apparent reason. has caused great damage to the family, especially as they are low income people.
The Officer on Special Duty (OSD) of UCIL, Bah FD Rynjah, in a letter, said that UCIL has already written a letter to the Secretary of KHADC. The Wahkaji-Mawthabah road has been handed over to the Highway Department of the Government of India.
Not only can it be the cause of many diseases and illnesses in the midst of severe nutrient deficiencies.
However, he later joined various parties like the BJP during the tenure of Narendra Modi as the Chief Minister of Gujarat.
He said that it is necessary to prove what they have done and to bring witnesses.
However, Nehru and the Government have treated the Riewlum unfairly, like the robbers.
“We believe that through meeting and talking with them, we will be able to bring peace in the state,” he said.
“Therefore, after the cancellation of the soskular, we have sought more ways and means and talked to many groups including private hospitals to come and work with us.
When asked how many people in the state eat fish per day, he said he does not know in Lum Garo but only in Lum Khasi and Jaintia people eat 12 to 15 tonnes of fish per day.
The vendors said that the Minister does not know what he is saying. They said that Bah Lyngdoh should do his homework before speaking because his speech with the intention of misleading the people shows that you are stupid.
The ability to know God and man brings about a human understanding to learn to respect others, in such a way as not to offend one another, either in words or even in deeds.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) has demanded that by 2020, the state government should rectify the border between Meghalaya and Assam and the border between India and Bangladesh. .
He said that the tax will not affect the buyers of petrol and diesel, but the tax will be levied directly on the exporters of these goods to India.
He added that if the authorities do not give a fair trial, the party will appeal to the higher authorities.
In a video, Meghalaya Police fled the scene after being shot dead by Karbi in Lapangap area recently after a clash over land dispute in the area. border region.
They are Bah Pius Kurbah, who contested the MLA election in 2018 from the Congress Party.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that these trees were donated by the MBDA through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for the purpose of rehabilitating the hills and rivers. village.
:On the night of 12th November 2023, ANTF, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, in collaboration with the Village Leaders of Umpling Village, arrested two drug traffickers named Wantei Manbha Lyngdoh, 24, and Freddy Bantei Dhar, 29, were arrested.
Speaking to reporters, Dr VK Paul, Member (Health), Niti Aayog, said that this is the time to stay at home, cover yourself with a mask and not to invite anyone. any spirit.
Through this statement, we would like to inform the MeECL office that we the residents of Sohryngkham area are very worried about the power outage. Besides the load shedding twice a day, the load shedding on your part is no longer available in 10 days and this has affected many people. Sohryngkham is no different from the other villages in Shillong, so the MeECL office should consider that only our residence is farther away from the city to turn off the light as you wish. In one day it is very wrong because when it rains, it rains, when the sun is hot, it doesn't differ from the people who live in Shillong.
Din said that he can stand for any party that gives him ticket, no matter what because the victory or defeat is not so much from the party but from the work of the person.
He said that even the shops to be set up in the tourist spot will belong to the villagers so that they can jointly improve the income of their households.
Therefore, let us remember that for the sake of our own good and for the progress of the nation, we must be understanding before we do or decide anything.
He said the Prime Minister should attend the meeting of the NITI Aayog especially when the state is facing this problem.
KAM candidates Angela Rangad, Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew and Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh from South Shillong, East Shillong and North Shillong have filed their nomination papers on 2nd June. elections 2023 will be held on 27th June
Shillong, July :The Army Public School, Shillong, Ankur Das, a former student of the batch (2012-13) has graduated from the Army Public School, Shillong. I have passed the UPSC Service Examination at the 52nd rank in India.
This road is about 1.5 KM long and connects the Newhill Village Road and the NH
They also refused to join the ruling People's Democratic Front (PDF).
The meeting also decided to send the leaders of the JAC to meet the Chief Minister, whom they will meet soon in the coming days and to talk to him on this issue. give their point of demand.
From the construction side, the well has collapsed into the house and damaged the house especially the parts of the karma shetja.
Why is it wrong? We know that it is not man who created man, but God who created man. We must first know the Creator and then we know the other person.
If it is published only in newspapers, there are still many who do not read newspapers.
She said that despite many reports submitted by the state government with the complaint of the complainant that it should have been clear that attempts have been made to curb the overloading of vehicles across the roads in the state, but no there never appeared to be an attempt to do anything about it.
She also said that her love for dogs has gone so far that she used to put her husband, Kevin, 36, to sleep in a warehouse near the house because he didn't She wanted to deceive these dogs, who were just sleeping and who wanted to sleep with her in her bed at night.
He added that even now in the upcoming elections, the TMC is not the party that the people of the state have accepted.
He said that if the Khasi people were to give their jait to a man, after 40 years, the Khasi people would have disappeared completely from this earth.
They said that they have already informed the Rangbah Shnong and the MeeCL office but they say they cannot do anything.
When she met these soldiers after 40 days in the wilderness, Lesly said, “I am very hungry and our mother is dead”.
In Meghalaya, the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo are ethnic or tribal ethnic groups.
This time, western music was also played.
For SSLC/ANM students, T.400 per month, HSSLC, Degree, Diploma and GNM will be T.500 per month.
The discussion on the implementation of the National Education Policy-2020 in India, which was attended by teachers of the College including students, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that Meghalaya has once been the center of the North East in terms of literacy and education.
The newspaper said that the construction work in the allocated areas will continue even during the rainy season and it was observed that the construction work in some parts is going on but slowly.
The area has been declared a containment area following the outbreak of COVID-19 in a house and compound at 25 Mile. It is necessary to restrict the entry and exit of people in the area to prevent the spread of the disease.
The deceased was identified as Rakesh Soni, 32, at Radha Kund on Tuesday.
Looking at the behavior of these communities, it seems that it is almost exactly like our state in terms of natural resources especially uranium and others.
Speaking to media at Congress Bhavan, he said the missing machines were one in Stage-1 and one in Stage-IV of the Umiam Hydropower Project.
“I just want to know,” said Lydia, “because I'm afraid that you've had such a close relationship with me and you might have affected your relationship with him.
God wants man to worship Him with a pure heart, because God is spirit (John 4:24).
We all think that we will be trained by IPS/IRS/Customs officers, who have worked for many years.
The KSU said that may this Behdieñkhlam be held in a smooth manner according to the schedule and will drive away the diseases of measles and various diseases.
“Over the years, Bah Brian and his team have discovered more than 1,700 crematoria in Meghalaya and have promoted Meghalaya in crematorium related activities around the world. world.
Shillong, June 02: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma today launched the Inception Report and distributed checks to 50 Producer Groups through FOCUS. He praised the decision of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to reduce the number of areas identified as Disturbed Areas under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA). Nagaland, Assam and Manipur.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Hamlet Dohling said he did not want to say anything yet as the talks between the HSPDP and the UDP have not yet reached the end but it is only the beginning.
It also urged the residents who have the spirit to inform the court about the emergence of these illegal coke factories across the state while the government has not taken action to follow up or investigate where these illegal coke factories come from. the coal used in these factories or to check whether these factories are permitted or not.
He also set a target that the parking lot will strive to provide vehicles according to the needs of the tourists and although they want vehicles, they have to do so according to the passage of time.
This happened again after in the past few days, there was another such incident in which the dorbar had to be adjourned due to insufficient number of people inside the dorbar.
At the end of the tournament, East Khasi Hills team took the top position in the medal table, after winning 10 gold medals. 5 Silver and 3 Bronze medals, Ri-Bhoi District came second with 5 Gold and 2 Bronze medals. North Garo Hills came third with 2 gold, 4 silver and 1 bronze medal.
At the same time, to investigate thoroughly the enemies who burn forests, hills and rivers and punish them according to the rules of environmental destruction so that this wrong and evil behavior can be curbed and also to serve as a warning to the richest people for the common benefit of mankind and all living creatures in this present and future generations.
This is just another election.
However, before the Chairman could do so, the CEM, Bah Titos, stood up and slammed the no-confidence motion by the MDCs who used to accompany him. that he has 'shahdung behind' the MDCs whom he loves so much.
In Jowai, the meeting was held at Ummulong Iawmusiang Stadium while in Phramer in the evening, it was held at the football ground of the village.
We find that there are very few plumbers who build water pipes.
A special inspection visit known as 'girdawari' was conducted in all the worst affected areas, he added.
Lumlang Kharayiemlieh admitted that there are those who say that the reservation policy cannot be amended like this but if the border with Assam can be changed why can't the reservation policy be amended? it is a household affair between the Khasi and Garo.
The song was performed at Ambience Fine Dining and the lyrics were translated into English by Lilkid.
The Toyota Glanza 2023, a top model car donated by Highland Toyota, has made Karina Sheen Phira a memorable person.
Four goals were scored by Ïaraplang Nongrum in the 2nd, 10th, 20th, 73rd and 77th minutes.
The Financial Accounts have been published in two volumes, to make them complete and informative.
However, at the same time, he said that their demand is for GCK EMRI and not against the State Government.
Shillong, June 27: The Executive Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today held an emergency meeting after receiving information that four of its members have called a meeting tomorrow at Urksew Square.
have applied many vacancy post in NEHU Shillongdid not get any feedback.
Vivos now has more than 500 percent of the residents of these houses in the crematoria and more than 2,000 percent of those who want to move into these houses.
“When I say this, it is not for them to write on social media that we have invited Bah Prestone for a discussion because this cannot be taken as the right thing to do,” he said. and official.
It is worth mentioning that on the 10th of this month, u 17 years old, u la u la u u la u la u u la u u la u u la lan u la lan u la la tyllai phasi. He tried to take his own life, but was found by his relatives who had rescued him from death that day.
I’m still very young, and I want to leave a mark on this football.
He said that through this tournament, the young players will be able to improve.
Dalu Police Station in West Garo Hills on Tuesday arrested four Bangladeshis who came across the border at Dalugao village on Tuesday.
During the search, the ANTF seized drugs, two mobile phones, T.14,230 thousand and other items.
On the part of the coach, Bah Angelus Sun, congratulated the KSU North Khasi Hills District for honoring the players and congratulated the KSU Central Executive Council for their support. He recalled that it was the KSU under the leadership of Lambokstarwell Marngar and Donald V Thabah who helped in 2021 to take part in Thailand.
Before submitting the report, Edge 10 in collaboration with the MSOA and supported by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, had conducted a visit to all 12 districts in the country. state, where at least 24,000 tests were completed from 9-29 May
On the other hand, I feel that the lifting of the coal ban is a great blessing to the people of Meghalaya.
Police have been directed to punish and prosecute these 960 persons, the statement said.
On the other hand, HH Mohrmen, who is also an environmentalist, said that he has received reports from the residents of 7 villages affected by the turning of the water, namely Khlachympa, Rymmusan and Tympang. Club, Amlariang, Shnongpdeng, Shnongklor and Banang and he also witnessed with his own eyes the turning point in the water supply of the village.
They also hope that if the public cooperates with the health department and follows the guidelines explained to them, there is no doubt that malaria will be eradicated.
“As you promised during the elections that you will look after the future and interests of the youth but now where are you going,” he asked.
When asked, she said, “Yes, he looks at the North East, how can you say that he doesn't look at the North East...such a violence happened in Manipur...he went abroad.
Hek said that 18 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District including 17 BSF personnel and one case in Shillong and 12 cases in Ribhoi District. 7 males and 5 females, 2 males in South West Garo Hills, 1 in East Jaintia Hills and 3 in West Garo Hills, 2 males and 1 female.
Because it is the land of the Lord Jesus, God wants to do something in these last days to help them understand what happened in ancient Israel.
The program was conducted by Samla Heavenes Star Mawkon, NYC of Pynursla Block as the Chairman who welcomed all those who were able to attend the programme. D.Rapsang, District Youth Coordinator of East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya and also the resource persons who came to give explanations on various topics from Dr.M Shylla and others. Pynursla CHC who gave a speech on the topic of Health and Family Welfare, Social Issues and Child Marriage, followed by a speech by Bah Vanshan Buhphang, District Program Manager, MBDA Ri Bhoi and Chairman of SSSS. The OC of Pynursla Police Station, Bah J.Nonglang, spoke on the topic of Skills Development and Entrepreneurship. He said that the youth today are the most fortunate to receive such training unlike in the past. Such programs provide training on how to become Good Citizens in terms of peace and others.
Referring to Fontaine's career after retirement, he managed the French national team in 1967 and remained with the team for the last time. the two games in which he has both suffered defeats in friendly play.
Furthermore, Luke in his writing says, “Two disciples of Jesus and another man were walking from Jerusalem to Emmaus, and they were talking to each other about all the things that had happened in Jerusalem.
The suspect is currently undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital for serious injuries.
The song was sung by Kitzb Prince Sari and shot by Dajied Hujon.
East Bengal coach Alejandro Menendez said Lajong are very strong in the game but East will fight for points tomorrow.
Because 80% of the salary to be paid to SSA teachers comes from the Central Government and 20% from the State Government.
On Friday, Dr. Seibok Buam of the Animal Husbandry Department was allegedly assaulted by the BSF in Muktapur area, West Jaintia Hills. he.
The raid started from 5 kilometers and while the members of the union were conducting the raid at one of the coal storage and mining sites in Songsak village, several people from Songsak village came out. Khasi including the women who claimed to be the owners of the land, in which they shouted in Hindi to these foreigners and ordered them not to stop and to continue working in the field. coal and at that time there was a dispute which lasted for a while but with the help of the leaders of the party, it was resolved and a peaceful talks were reached.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has extended a curfew in parts of Lumdiengjri Police Station, including Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Wahthapbru, Sun Hill. , Cantonment, Mawlong Hat and includes the areas falling under the Cantonment Beat House Areas, except the areas on the other side of the Umshyrpi Bridge and the scheduled time will be nine hours, from 7am to 2pm and The curfew will resume at 2 pm.
Meghalaya, the team used only one innings and scored 230 runs.
A virtual autopsy is a method of examining bodies that uses medical imaging technology to create a 3D model of the body and can be viewed by forensic pathologists and other medical experts.
This Hindi speech of the Governor at that time prompted MLAs like Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh and Bah Adelbert Nongrum to speak in Khasi although they had to translate their speech into English and Hindi is one of the most difficult languages ​​to understand.
Rupang has also spoken to several residents, who said that through the bridge, about 30 people pass through the bridge, including farmers and those who go to the fields. They came to the neighboring villages and some of them came to wait for vehicles to go to Pynursla from the Pynter area.
“The floods in the north are an opportunity for our farmers to export Sohsaw abroad and even to Bangladesh,” he said.
During the meeting with Nadda, they sought the support of the central government for the needs of the state to improve the health facilities.
The following is a Facebook post from the Oakland Police.
“We cannot send the citizens of the state to work in the fields without getting the wages they deserve and this is against human rights,” said Bah George in the letter. Furthermore, Bah George urged the Minister to resolve this issue by releasing the funds for the state government to pay their salaries and for the SSA teachers to leave. back to the classrooms to educate their students.
“In 2018, when we formed the Government, we took seriously the project to upgrade and improve this road.
Speaking on the occasion, Khonglah asked why the order of the Forest Department applies only to Dawki LCS and not to other places like Bagli. and Shella didn't work.
?" “I cried but I couldn't, I couldn't cry because my mouth was covered with a cloth.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Michael Syiem recalled that the website Loopoocoo had published a post about the marriage of Khasi girls on the 11th of July. I'm not on the website.
The SGH girls had difficulty scoring due to the skill of the EGH girls, even after scoring 10 wides.
At the same time, Shillong received 7.7mm and Umiam received 2.8mm.
The cause of climate change is the destruction of forests, the quarrying of rocks and soil without thinking that it will affect the environment.
He said that they will look into how the work will proceed and at the same time the money to be spent and the future working methods.
Earlier, the teachers had threatened to stage a strike if the government does not implement the new salary.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Sanbor Shullai today directed the Ministry of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Services to order their employees who are waiting at the Check Posts to identify themselves. They did not search for vehicles carrying cows entering the State.
The Khanduli Dorbar Shnong was led by Waheh Shnong Yooshida Nongspung and other leaders including former MLA Draison Kharshiing while the SABDC was led by President Agustine Hanse among others.
Nongstoin: U MLA & MDC of Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, today visited to distribute relief to the victims of the recent floods and landslides in the Garo Hills.
“It was also reported that the ECC together with the residents have requested for the documents to look and examine and they have found that the NOC from the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council has expired since In October, they also said that the coke factory in Lelad does not have a certificate from the office of the Chief Boiler Inspector of Factories, while the MSPCB has issued the CTE and CTO. The ECC members alleged that the MSPCB has not examined the syrnot.
The deaths include a 23-year-old MBBS student from Ahmednagar and a 72-year-old man from Nagpur.
“It is a shame to see this market after it has been opened because the construction method is not adequate, especially the Byrnihat Market which is the largest market in Ri Bhoi District needs to be improved,” he said.
All the residents of Riangdo, Shahlang and other surrounding areas have complained about the closure of this road and requested the PWD department to take action by itself and not to give authority to the union. The Village Authorities do whatever they want because this has caused them a huge loss not only the loss of delivery of food items but also the loss of sale of their goods from coal, sying and others.
This shows that he has not yet retired from politics but the longer he stays in politics, the stronger he becomes.
There are also those who say that even in the more urban areas like Nongstoiñ and others, the electricity is not sufficient and it affects the work, especially for those who work by using electricity. such as auto repair shops, grill workshops, type shops and more.
The Chief Election Officer (CEO) of the state, Bah Frederick Kharkongor, said that the state government needs 30 companies besides the police to patrol the mid-term elections to ensure that they run smoothly. be orderly and peaceable.
Before the start of the two-part seminar, a meeting was conducted by the Lecturer of the Khasi Department, Renda Manla Khonglah, Jt.
Paul said all the MPF MLAs will attend the meeting at the Governor's House.
Prestone said that after the state government has closed down the markets in the border areas due to covid-19, the state government today has decided to reopen them. markets held once a day in the border areas with Assam and in the border areas with Bangladesh.
What shocked the Longkmie, was yesterday, when she learned that these people had come to rob the area, with the intention of destroying the area. the reason why this Longkmie did not oppose.
He said that although the HSPDP has cooperated with the NPP-led MDA government, but regarding the government's plan to legalize marriage, the HSPDP strongly opposes and will not agree. by the same spirit.
When MLAs win, they go and do whatever they want.
When the Spirit of God does not work, the Church is neither cold nor hot, it is like a snowflake.
In the Lyngngam language, 'Khon rympha' means 'Khunswet son of a rich man' whose father and mother died when he was young.
He also urged the new members to have a fighting spirit and to be far-sighted for the heritage of the nation.
“The Garo people living in Ri-Lum Khasi have the same rights as mentioned in the Constitution of the country as the Khasi people, but since the implementation of the Reservation Policy in Across the Khasi Hills, they have lost 80% of the Reservation Policy allocated to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo,” they added.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lambor said that the performance of the government cannot be 100% or the government cannot perform 0%. At this time when the state is fighting against Covid-19, the state government has done well in all aspects.
The construction of the four-lane road from Umshyrpi to Hynniewmer has been completed.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Khliehriat Circle in these days has received many complaints from the people regarding the high price of timber for building construction. and other tree species in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
“If the students from these states can pass well, why can't our students? Therefore, it is necessary for the students from these states to take action and turn their attention to this struggle. examination because if no one passes from the state, other ethnic groups from other states will come to rule and run the state which is a great shame for the state and the indigenous people of the state”.
Shillong: The MeECL-JAC today requested the State Government to appoint a Senior Bureaucrat as the Chairman-cum-Managing Director (CMD) of the State Government. stop our protest in the state.
"They said that the students were initially taken by plane to Kolkata and in the evening they were taken by buses which passed through Siliguri and in the morning. The next step was to take them until they reached Gangtok and other areas where they lived.
“We will send a letter to the Governor to give him until 10th November, 2015 to approve and stamp these two Bills including the KHADC and JHADC to empower the Rangbah Shnongs in Khasi Hills and Jaintia,” said Dr Kharshiing.
This is where the Khasi people of our country are destroyed because the Dkhar Christians, Muslims, Hindus and others have been protected by their own invasion.
The students who received the tablets are from Synod Higher Secondary School, All Saint, BK Bajoria, St Anthony's Shillong, Pine Mount School, St Gabriel Laimer, Good Shepherd, Laitumkhrah Presbyterian, Sevenset, Sacred Girls Higher Secondary School. Mawlai and Laban Bengali are all from East Khasi Hills and Khambun are from Shillong.
“When I say this, it doesn't mean that there is a lack of expenditure,” said Dr. War.
The protesters have announced that they will leave President Rajapaksa's residence this weekend after they seized and occupied the residence for several days. the President's street.
Acting Dolloi of Sutnga District, Ma Ngamonlang Bamon, Forgive Dkhar and Bankupar Sutnga distributed food items to 93 households in Syrpooh Sutnga on Friday.
The Minister said that it is for this reason that the state has grown so much.
So don't be misled.
Police have investigated again, but have not found enough evidence.
The All India Education Forum is a group of teachers teaching in various schools across India.
The struggle against this DED is to train teachers in the teaching methodology.
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and the leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Sadon K.Blah, on Tuesday said that the passing away of former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherishstarfield Thangkhiew. Dwar U Blei) has raised a little concern on the issue of peace talks.
Without light it is impossible to see in the dark of night.
However, there are those who understand but there are those who do not.
It also means that the coming of the Lord Jesus to this earth is near.
Assam not only seized the Meghalaya BOP but also the Langpih Polling Station in 1982 until the Bye Election was held.
More importantly, those responsible must face punishment for this crime.
If the Ministry of Home Affairs and the police cannot resolve the exploitation of the rich, it is useless for them to be in this state and it would be better if everyone was allowed to do whatever they want without fear of anyone. .
The states of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand have recently passed love laws to prohibit love and marriage between people of different religions. the custom or nationality.
“In these days, there are people who say, 'I'm stupid, I'm brave', without knowing how the protest started and without knowing where it has reached, they just criticize," he said. state.
The Shillong Traffic Police together with MUDA will hold a meeting with the bus owners, operators and bus associations to clarify the matter. role.
On the other hand, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that if he wins as the RDA candidate, the next step is to force the NDA government to implement the Inner Line Permit and then to fight for the right to freedom of worship. on any day, to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule and especially the issue of border settlement with the government of Assam and Bangladesh.
The EJNC has said that it will send a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District to suspend the operation of these factories and if the DC's office cannot do anything, the EJNC will take action. by the other way.
The NPP has alleged that the government's action is a violation of the Constitution of India.
“In our state too, the NPP has started to divide among the Khasi, Garo and foreigners and gradually this way of working of them is going under the leadership of the BJP,” he said. This is the difference between the Congress and the BJP and others”.
However, only 2 or 3 days before Christmas, there has been no change and the way of collecting money remains the same.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the government officials, who did not want to be named, said, “Although Meghalaya is a state with many farmers and agriculture is the source of income in the state. However, there are no special schemes to assist farmers.
Pasyih Cultural will play against Mookaswan Dongwah at 10 pm while Mukhla Umlangchor will play against Loompyrdi Iongpiah at 12 noon.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma today inaugurated the office of the MHSSP at the DHS office. The project was funded by the World Bank.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to discuss three issues affecting the KHADC. 128 (I) AD Rule.
More airports and metro railways and development of transportation facilities through waterfronts, increase of start-ups, road connectivity to rural areas, capacity to generate electricity from sources renewable and digital transformation activities have boosted employment opportunities.
Mizoram Police and Shillong Police raided the residence of the suspects at Mawblei and arrested another man, Ronald Phairembam (45 years old). suspected of being a marketer for the product.
Police arrested Mishra from Bengaluru after tracking his mobile phone and arrested him.
Rijiju will be replaced by Children's Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal as Law Minister.
He said that if the jait is given to the father, it will cause a lot of trouble in the family because if the first husband of a woman who belongs to the same jait dies while she is still having children. only one and if she marries another woman who is not of the same tribe as the first husband, the mother is only one while the children have two tribes.
“Rida will go to the shop with us...” asked Kmie Rida. “Yes, because I left the shop only in the middle of the day... That's why I thought you would be happier. pep school today.
It has raised 16 issues against the BJP, one of which is the allegation that it has links with the RSS and that it wants to make India one religion.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society in collaboration with Glamanand Supermodel India will hold the Miss Meghalaya 2020 pageant on 15th June 2020 at Dawki.
Ma Welborn Lamare, resident of Ummulong Dongmihsngi near CHC Ummulong, has passed away on 21st October .
He said that the Seng will not have much to help.
In a statement, the SCCCOMDF has expressed its dissatisfaction with the reports that the state government has claimed that many of the coal owners, They have agreed to hand over their coal mines to the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation (MMDC) to mine coal from them.
Meanwhile, ANVC-B Commander-in-Chief Bidith Sangma filed his nomination papers from Siju Constituency in Baghmara on Tuesday.
He said that the reason why he wants to establish such a Central Agricultural University is to promote agriculture in the state. Many of the youth of the state will have the opportunity to enter this school in order to train themselves in the field of agriculture. “It is one of the ways to increase the employment opportunities for the youth and also to increase the income of the youth so that they can turn to agriculture,” he added.
Half an hour later, the owner of the house came back and went to prepare dinner for her children. the back of the hand of the child.
They don't respect the soskular signed by the ANVC, the central government and the state government which has not been implemented yet,” said Bernard.
HM Shangpliang said that only the Congress party which thinks of self-determination and if it comes back to power will allocate special funds to the farmers of the country, who are increasingly farming in the present government. and the farmers were not well.
When asked whether the BJP will meet former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to contest from Tura seat, Hek said, “Dr. Mukul Sangma is from the TMC and they have not joined the TMC. the BJP.The elephant is still in the forest and so you cannot offer the teeth in advance," he added.
Our Ïawbei Thawlang are like the Blei who have developed our clan on the basis of the Hok which has been given and distributed by the Creator.
The epicenter of the earthquake was in the Hindu Kush region of Afghanistan, where the epicenter was 180 kilometers below the surface.
Such incidents are very discouraging and it seems that the service of school teachers for decades has been destroyed.
In badminton, four youngsters lost in the singles, and also in the women's single and mixed double.
The VDPs of the village immediately informed their fellow VDPs and seized the vehicle and arrested these people.
“This will be a way to spread our traditional dance for the people who cannot come to see this dance at Madan Weiking,” he added.
The Railway Protection Force (RPF) together with other teams have conducted a search operation to rescue the children who were sold from Bihar.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: As part of the Azadi Amrit Mohotsav to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country and also for the North East Festival, the authorities The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has organized an Inter School Quiz Competition for the schools in the four blocks of Ri Bhoi District.
The approved sanction shall be released from the Block to the Chairman after a thorough inspection of the work whether it is complete or not according to the standards and quality.
Meanwhile, PSO Sohan Alpha Ch Marak said that Sohan had fled to Bangladesh two months ago with a member named Lukseng.
“On the part of the Dorbar Shnong, we have now had to sit down and think carefully about the ways and means how we can fight to clean up the area,” said Bah Tariang.
Shillong: On 17th October 2021, the Dorbar Shnong of Pahamrioh Village in Ribhoi District on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow over the inability of MeECL to deliver the bill. The electricity shortage has caused a lot of trouble to the poor households who are struggling to pay their electricity bill which has cost thousands of tyngka.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government has made it clear that it will not tolerate any illegal demand for money by the HNLC. they will continue within the state.
If rules are set, they should be agreed upon by both parties rather than one side alone,” said the two.
In November 2021, the Ministry of Health conducted an excavation for teachers.
And if he cannot, he should hand over his post to others who are qualified to hold it.
This was announced by Bah Lucky Star Lamin, Faculty, SBI-RSETI, Umran.
The Taliban government has said it will turn some military bases into business centers.
Six teams of men and women came to participate in the tournament which was divided into two groups.
“If there is any party that cannot fight against the BJP, it is the Congress which is the national party in India,” he said.
The venue shall be well guarded and guarded by the police to prevent those who enter the venue.
The HNYF, RBYF and KSU, where the leaders of these political parties, came to accompany the FKJGP, also expressed the same demand. From the FKJGP, those who attended the meeting included Dundee Khongsit of FKJGP, Marcus Marten of HNYF, Bipul Thangkhiew of RBYF, Ferdynald Kharkamni of KSU. and other leading office bearers of these political parties.
After investigation, the IO in charge of the case has registered a case against the accused under the provisions of U/s 376 IPC. On 31st July 2013, the Sessions Judge, West Jaintia Hills District Jowai, found Dri Phawa involved in the crime under the provisions of U/s 376 IPC and sentenced him to sentenced to imprisonment for 10 years.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Rimuliang Circle today sent a complaint to the authorities of West Khasi Hills District regarding the attack on the residents of Langpih area by the Assam police.
He said that the government is ready to set up its own Engineering College but it will be located on the site of the Polytechnic and the fund of T.26 crore is available and the government is now waiting for it. approval to be obtained from AICTE which is the authority in charge of this work.
“At the meetings, the government tries to intimidate us that we should accept what it says.
“Therefore, if the BJP comes on time, the Prime Minister will not stay in Shillong.
Jowai, July 23: The District Child Protection Officer (DCPO) on Tuesday announced that a girl child was found abducted on June 22, The child was recovered by unidentified persons near Ummulong CHC at Krem Shohnoh, Mukhla at 3:40 pm and is now under the custody of the District Office. Child Protection Unit and Child Welfare Committee, West Jaintia Hills District.
According to the order, the price set by the state government will apply only to those trucks which transport dewbilat from these factories to the outlets within the state.
Although the party has not yet announced the name, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said earlier that the UDP will contest against Bah Pius Marwein who lost by a few votes in the upcoming elections. just finished.
Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor (3min), Dibormi Kharkongor (8min), Baniar Kharsahnoh (32min), Donestar Mylliemngap (34min), Vickyson Wankhar (38, 57min) scored the goals for Umphyrnai SC. In the next match at 2 pm, PFR FA beat Sohryngkham SC 12 – 0 goals. I didn't reach the semi final.
“If Prime Minister Gehlot wants to do good for the poor, why hasn't he done it in four and a half years,” Joshi asked.
There are training centers for admission to medical schools like Kota in Rajasthan where every year many students commit suicide because they realize that they cannot pass the examination. to enter medical colleges.
Kynta, who visited Stanlywiss Rymbai at the hospital, said the IO had asked many questions to Rymbai.
She appealed to the public to know that the committee has not been idle but has done its duty on this important task, said a statement from the Under Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya.
Furthermore, the crowd also set fire to the necessary documents in the office of the Minister.
(28) And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it; and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living creature that moveth upon the earth. This shows clearly that we human beings are indeed the “Sovereigns of this Universe" in which God the Creator has empowered and empowered us human beings. from the beginning to be the rulers or the Governments of this earth.
Referring to the DGAR office of the Assam Rifles in Laitumkhrah, he said he will take action to relocate it to Laitkor.
There will be a quarter final, semifinal and final on 15th July
Today, 08th March, 2022, I have informed and sent a letter to the Deputy Chief Minister in charge of Electricity Department, the Chairman cum-Managing Director of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited and the Sub-Divisional Officer Amlarem Civil Sub Division, regarding the The residents of War Jaintia Hills District such as Nongtalang, Nongtalang, Darrang, Darrang, Dawki, Bakur, Lamin, Sohkha, Padu and others.
Other speakers included August Timung, President of the KSU Lapangap Unit, Satly Ryngkhlem, President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew and Ohibait Dkhar.
There are other shops selling Christmas trees and Christmas flowers harvested from the forest. get the results.
The Minister said that there will be no construction of these Residential Schools.
mairang-ewkh@meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: U MDC of Ladthalaboh, Jowai, Marki Mulieh has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, PS Dkhar.
In fact, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare wants to complete this work by October 2024 in order to get a new company to take over and provide services in the field of 108 Ambulance.
Furthermore, the words that start with the letter C.Codification – Continue.
This award from the WHO will encourage us to abstain from tobacco use, to have a brighter and healthier future for the State as a whole.
He said that the Hima should have enough figures from the large revenue collections that the Hima collects.
“We have not received any invitation but the Prime Minister has informed us that the government intends to convene a meeting on the 26th and if anyway it will not convene from the core committee. “If we are invited, we will give our opinions and if it is not invited, we will meet with the government to give our opinions,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) in a statement sent by its General Secretary Vanshan S. Buhphang, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Regulation of Landlords and Verification Bill The illegal entry of foreigners and the illegal entry into the state has been reported.
Young women and women in beautiful dresses came to the stage to watch the dance of young men and women along Iawmusiang, Biar ka Blai and other places.
It is sad that these days there are many Herods and kings who want to kill Jesus, who persecute the followers (Christians) of Jesus Christ around and in India today.
Those who attended the meeting were from Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Mairang, Saw Sumper, Shillong Region Taxi, Shillong-Guwahati Airport, Pynursla, Nongpoh, Bhoi Rymbong, Umsning, Jowai, Lad Rymbai, Mawkynrew and others. The meeting discussed many problems and issues affecting the livelihood and welfare of drivers and commercial vehicles, such as the excessive increase in the price of vehicles such as insurance, passenger tax, road tax and others. The government has not revised the price of petrol and diesel since 2011 until now, its delay and the price of vehicles since 2011 has not been increased yet.
A 15-year-old boy from Nengkhra village, about 15 km from Williamnagar, East Garo Hills, died on Friday after drowning in the Rongtam River while fishing. and friends.
"I have been informed that the PDF has met the Central Executive Committee while we are discussing.
The FOCUS plus scheme has also benefited more than 4.5 lakh farmers in the state, through the formation of farmer groups, as producers of their produce to the markets in the state.
In the past 131 years, the KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School has produced many outstanding girls who have become prominent in the state and the country.
She said that the government officials from the health department have worked hard to improve the health facilities in the district and have provided adequate services to the people. Banarwal, IAS, said that East Jaintia Hills District has the highest number of HIV cases out of 100 people who came for the test with 2.8 percent. At the same time, he said that there are 2500 HIV positive cases, only those who have completed the screening and testing while there are still about 4000 HIV positive cases. I haven't been tested yet.
Shillong, November 12: BSNL on Friday launched its Fiber to the Home (FTTH) service in Shillong.
However, as a human being, there is another characteristic in him that he does not want more, or to say that he is selfish.
Former Raksamgre MLA Benedic R Marak has said that his decision to leave the National People's Party (NPP) is a protest against the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. He was appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
The leaders of the union also met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the issue and demanded action against the overcharging of vehicles.
The end of our struggle will be when the Government introduces a law,” he said.
At the same time, Previous Bina, who had been misled by false teachings, decided to participate again in the community and in the development of the village.
It is clear that it is easier to get land in Amlarem but it is still very difficult to get land in Amlarem. study.
These are from all walks of life from the village leaders to the leaders of the political parties as well.
“I am sure that on the 2nd, we will be able to exceed this number and once we have completed the construction of the bridge, we will be able to form our own government,” he said.
Mizoram won 18 gold, 10 silver and 9 bronze medals, Assam Rifles Marksmen won 12 gold, 8 silver and 9 bronze medals while Meghalaya won 12 gold, 8 silver and 9 bronze medals. Nagaland won 3 gold, 6 silver and 4 bronze medals and Nagaland won 6 silver and 3 bronze medals.
On the other hand, the National Working President of the National People's Youth Front (NYF), Bah Nickey Nongkhlaw, said that they demand immediate action against those policemen involved in this crime.
Isn't this a matter of concern to the Commission? Isn't the robbery at Tura Women Police Station an insult to them? The CSWO said that the medical certificate and the investigation of IAS officer Sadhu contains 11 reports without date, time. which must be stated according to the law.
Informing about the fact that the area of ​​forests in the state has dropped to 73 sq kms, the Minister said that we as the residents should move forward to find ways and means how to fight against the change. of the sky.
The order has prohibited any unauthorized person or group from setting up more than 1 kilometer radius from the illegal coke factory at Kyllonmathei Shallang, West Khasi Hills.
The scheme costs 5 lakh tyngka per household and has now been increased to 40,000 tyngka.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said, “To make political issues by misleading the feelings of the people is something I don't think is right because it is like trying to ignore the issues. need to be with the state.
The 5K Run was inaugurated by Shivansh Awasthi, IAS, Under Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of Bah PB War Nongbri. other sports officials.
Chesterfield Dkhar.8.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
The meeting was held at Loomkyrwiang Hall in the presence of Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, President, Hamewan Laloo, Waheh Chnong Loomkyrwiang, D. Dkhar, Secretary Seva Bharati Meghalaya. Hills, Orilan Shylla, Treasurer of the Wah Myntdu Cleanliness Association and ASHAs. Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat in his speech expressed his gratitude to the ASHAs who have put forward their services to the residents without thinking of payment. The government's allocation of funds to them is no longer appropriate for the work they are doing during this time of Covid-1
Indeed, in the struggle to buy food and drink, even if they are hungry, they cannot afford to buy just to avoid sleeping on an empty stomach.
In the afternoon, Pastor EK Mujat gave a message from the Word of God based on the book of First Samuel 30:8
Before the distribution of the vaccine, the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong had gone to every village to preach and warn and explain to the villagers and to inform that the Department of Education has and also by the Dorbar Shnong, on this occasion to give the tika in their own village, which turned out to be successful, after the public appearance can be said that it has shocked everyone, how much more. However, the number of cases in the state and especially in Shillong is increasing rapidly every day.
The meeting also decided to reject the invitation to speak by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma who sent a letter to them which they received today. They replied to him with a letter that they sent him tonight that they don't want to meet him, but if he If you want to say anything, you should come in person on the 5th of November when the people from all over the state will come and you should say what you want to say and announce what you want to announce. .
The two drowned were identified as Julias Lamba, 27, and her son Tariang Lamba,
The condition of this road has caused problems not only to the vehicles, but also to the people who go to the market, buy and sell and also to the school children who walk. from this bag.
Sangma said the government's target is to increase the GSDP to Rs 80,000 crore in FY 27-28 and to make Meghalaya the world's largest economy. billion dollars in revenue.
The overall pass rate this year was 80.30 per cent, which is slightly down from 81.17 per cent last year.
The MeECL employees also demanded that the CBI should investigate the losses of the department to bring out the truth about the strong allegations against the department.
“In India, only T.2 lakh was received for an AK-4
Nongpoh, Nailur 16: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region today seized eight grams of lyer shet from an Auto Rickshaw (ML 10A 7673) near Jan. Amit Restaurant is located in Nongpoh.
He said that this action of the Congress-led government will turn around and kill the Congress party.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “Contract teachers are temporarily appointed for 58 days and this has been extended with the management to appoint by full-time teachers went on".
The form can be obtained from the school located in Mukhla.
The team managed to score in 42.5 overs thanks to the good performance of Bas de Leede, who scored 123 runs from 92 balls.
The Sumer Circle on Saturday celebrated its 4th Anniversary at the Community Hall Samasi, Sumer District, East Jaintia Hills District. Samasi Waheh Shnong, Kynmoo Chyrmang, JNC Assistant Secretary, Allmiki Ryngkhlem, Publicity Secretary, Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ, Finance Secretary, Training Phawa, Organizing Secretary, Lasinme Syad, office bearers and members of JNC Sumer Circle and others.
“Some of those who have worked under the Soil & Conservation Department of the Government of Meghalaya are now members of our group.
Police said that Marpan was suffering from serious injuries to his right leg and some parts of his head.
Shillong: U Michael Chyne, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police against the misappropriation of money from the current account of the Christian Academy Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
Gizang, which covers an area of ​​13.3 sq. km, Assam will get 10.63 sq. km, Meghalaya will get 2.9 sq. km, Tarabari, Assam, 4.69 sq. km. Assam will not get anything and Meghalaya will get all the land; Boklapara, which covers an area of ​​1.57 sq. km, Assam will get 1.01 sq. km, while Meghalaya will get 0.56 sq. km.
Your mind is right; India includes many different ethnic groups, from Punjabis, Maharashtrians, Biharis, Oryas, Gujaratis, Tamils, Karalites, Bengalis, Assamese, etc., to Arunachals, Tripuri, Mizo, Naga, we are the Khasi and still well, who speak their own languages ​​and worship their own religions in different ways.
Before going to school, Bah Shlurbha said that in 2009, he went to work in Byndihati and earned T.3,000 per annum or T.240 per month. month.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest encouraged the youth to take up football as a job as now football is a factory to provide employment to the talented youth.
He said that MeECL officials had tried to negotiate with the people to pay three or four times but this did not succeed and they had to stop supplying electricity.
The HPC in a six-page reply sent to the government has alleged that the government's proposal is insufficient, insufficient and unconstitutional.
Many of his peers have greeted him as a fellow villager and as a fellow child in the past.
The winners of the marathon, information, essay writing and drawing competitions were also awarded prizes.
Robinus Suting, Project Incharge of FXB India Suraksha, Kit Borlang Lyngdoh, Project Coordinator of FXB Umsaitphrah and Bah Pailan were also present at the opening ceremony. Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong Umden Umsaitprah, Bah Defender Lamare, Chairman of the Dorbar Shnong Pyllun Umden Umsaitprah, elders and residents.
Shillong: Gambagre MLA Saleng A Sangma has tied the table in anger over the failure of the microphone. the house of the council.
Dharambir Bansal in the ejahar also admitted that the bomb damaged a truck number plate NL 01 0724 parked near the Coke factory.
However, at the same time, he said that no permit has been issued to them and they have been registered.
The Khadar rule in this inheritance has completely destroyed the foundations of justice and efficiency; such as righteousness, truth, accountability, and knowledge.
Shillong, July 02: The District Labor Office, East Khasi Hills in collaboration with the Mawlai Town Dorbar and the Mawlai Youth Association will hold a public hearing at the Indoor Sports Hall, Mawlai Mawdatbaki on the 6th July. 8 am in the morning.
However, until now, instead of others coming to us, we have to go to others' places especially in the field of education and health care.
Entry No.3: Heavy vehicles coming from Nartiang area should park at Wahiajer.
Police arrested these persons after receiving a tip that some people were in possession of firearms.
At this meeting, they unanimously decided to continue to fight against any invasion by the people of Assam.
The deadline for registration of players will be until 11th March
It is unlikely that one day this issue will break out and cause differences of opinion between these two groups of people, because as of now, there is a difference of opinion from within, especially when the MDA:1 government has The Roster System has been implemented since 1972, when the Reservation Policy came into force.
According to sources, the robbers, when they went to kidnap Dinesh Sharma, were also involved in the shooting. Mithai Marandi (28) sustained serious injuries and died a few days later while undergoing treatment at a hospital in Dibrugarh district, Assam.
The District Prison Jowai has been divided into three security perimeters where the first gate and the exit gate are guarded by the 6th MLP Bn. the second and third gates are guarded by Prison staff.
The HNLC said this is the fourth time that they have detonated IED bombs in West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills, where the first bomb was planted in a coke factory. in Jaintia Hills, the second at the coke factory in Shallang, then the attack on the vehicle of Dharmendra Bansal, then the blast at Soo Kilo, then the blast at the residences of the employees of Star Cement and then the blast. Not a single member of the party has been arrested in these incidents, said a statement from Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary. Four suspects have been arrested in connection with the IED blast in Khliehriat.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo, on Friday called for a meeting with the commercial vehicle unions under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJACCV). However, the group declined the invitation to talk.
On Thursday, police arrested two others, Kletin Suchiang (27) and November Dkhar (24) from Rymbai.
This disease affects everyone regardless of children or adults and is spread from water, from infected objects, it will become contagious.
The SBYWA also alleged that the deterioration of this road is also due to the movement of trucks carrying cattle suspected to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
What shall we expect of tax collectors? Have the farmers been able to build the society of the country and the nation?
What, then, will happen to the children of these women? How do they know that they are their own descendants? "A woman can't take the role of a woman and it's unheard of," Musa told the BBC. to the decision to pass the polygamy law for women.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today accused the state police department of being the first KSU to start a riot in Ichamati.
Replying to this, GAD Minister Rakkam A Sangma said that the matter is under thorough investigation.
Former Chief Engineer of Water Resources Meghalaya, Ma KD Phawa has extended his helping hand to 165 households of the Phawa clan at Mihmyntdu village on Tuesday.
In this regard, a case has been registered against him under the POCSO Act. The KSU said that it will lodge a complaint against him. under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act 2005 for prolonged domestic violence.
In 2018, it received more than 1,800 votes.
He convinces himself that it all depends on how to live and how to live.
In the quarter final in the U-14 boys category, St. Anthony's Secondary School Jaidoh also won by beating Lurmangkara Secondary School 1-0
The Chief Minister should have visited these places to see for himself and review the MoU. “We want to know why only Meghalaya has to give and why Assam doesn't give only the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Therefore, the AKHAF demands that the Prime Minister should review the soskular and if he does not, the AKHAF will take another path. .
Finally, I wish Heprit Rupari Nongrum and his family all the best.
Now, due to the mismanagement of the PHE department and the BSC Company, the residents have to buy water at the price of T.900 and this has been going on for more than two months.
How many kilometers is it from here to Khohramhah?” asked the mother of the children.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 11: The South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SASA) has won the title of Swimming Swimming Association (SASA) in Mawkyrwat. 48th National Aquatic Championship Junior Category.
Therefore, the Seng together with the police are searching for this person who took advantage of the night during these busy times.
Pynshngianlang Syiem, Chairman of KHADC, said that the no confidence motion against the CEM and the EC he leads will be through the counting of votes like other elections.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has demanded that the state government should appoint the Advocate General and Additional Advocate General from the people of the state. .
The Lack of Proper Village Governance Until now, not only Jowai, but other towns and villages that will become towns in the future do not have a proper village governance system.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: Mawklot, Upper Shillong is one of the villages where most of the people live by dairy farming. Mawklot Primary Milk Producer Co-operative Society (Mawklot Primary Milk Producer Co-operative Society) has visited the village to meet with the Mawklot Primary Milk Producer Co-operative Society. benefit from the work of Christ.
Prestone said that in 1972 when we got our own state, the literacy rate was not only 25 percent but after 50 years it has reached 80 percent.
On this basis, I would like to give this message not to frighten or discourage anyone but to make them aware of the danger that awaits us in the days to come.
He also congratulated the State Police Department who have worked hard and dedicated their lives to provide services to the people of the State.
US President Joe Biden on Tuesday announced his intention to meet the families of US citizens kidnapped by Hamas militants and recently released. in the past few days and this is also at a time when Israel continues to attack Gaza despite many agencies and countries of the world urging Israel to to cease fighting due to the severe impact on the Palestinian population in the Gaza Strip.
Agartala: The Chief Minister of Tripura, Dr Manik Saha, today announced to increase the allocation of funds for development projects in the constituencies. tip how to MLA Area Development Fund.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi on Saturday visited Madanryting and Them Basuk villages to seek the cooperation of the village leaders and police forces to achieve the objective. He said that he is committed to fighting against the spread of drugs in Meghalaya and is also keen to bring about a closer relationship between the people of the state and the Police Department.
He prayed that they will be able to provide more assistance to the people in need.
“I would like to know why the same is not done for ANMs who study from the government scheme,” James said.
These cows were seized on the 1st and 2nd of this month and it is suspected that these cows were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
He said that it is time for the people to allow one party to rule alone so that they can see what it has done because if there is a coalition government, most of the decisions taken are not the same. they are not in the government.
“We don't lack talented people in this sports field, we can produce talented people to lead in the country and even in the world.
The incident occurred after rumors spread that the Sindh River Bridge would collapse and thousands of pilgrims were shocked and clashed with the action of the Sindh River Bridge. They were afraid of the police who had to bomb them with their batons.
Over the past fifteen years, India has built one of the largest Digital G2P businesses in the world using DPIs.This system has supported $361 billion worth of payments to those who should receive this from 53 central government departments through 312 schemes.
Any person under the age of 18 years who violates any provision of the Motor Vehicle Act shall be liable to a fine of up to twenty-five thousand tyngka.
The selection of MACS in Ri-Bhoi District which is also an Aspirational District to conduct such a program in the field of health especially to screen people living with HIV/AIDS has brought many benefits to the community. health related services for the residents of Ri-Bhoi district to check-up themselves for various diseases ranging from HIV, tuberculosis, TB, low blood pressure organs etc. without having to pay a fee.
According to a complaint lodged by Wantimon Mawa, Principal of the school, the date of the theft could not be known as Wantimon had taken leave for several days.
The group also appealed to the Supreme Court after lodging a complaint against him and the escapees admitted that the police refused to do so.
The five teams that have reached the quarter final are Pay For Right Football Academy, Mawlai SC, Umphyrnai SC, Kynton U Mon, Sohryngkham, Mylliem Grassroot, Mawreng and Sacred Heart Football Academy.
I believe we have all heard the words of some of our leaders who said, “It will be difficult for me to turn Shillong into Switzerland or Times Square.
Six months ago, a meeting was held between JICA officials and the Planning Department of the Meghalaya Government and it was decided that a team of nine JICA officials will survey Shillong on how to prepare their Projects for which they will submit a report within six months.
He said that in his meeting with the Governor, he said that the MRSSA Act, 2019 is the most important in the state and at the same time, it is necessary to implement it in the small states. paid so that it can bring protection to the people.
Bah Metbah said that as a nation with only 13 lakh out of billions of people in the world, we should be proud of our uniqueness as a nation.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Meghalaya in the presence of Major Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Jason Sawkmie Mawlong MLA Umsning, Arpit Upadhay Deputy Ri-Bhoi District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District Sports Officer, Paidolyne L Nonglait DSEO, RBDSA President RB Shadap and other district officials.
The Instrument of Accession and the Annexed Agreement were signed and ratified between the Governor General of India Shri C Rajagopalachari and the Federation of Khasi States on 17th August 1948 (IOA & AA).
Clifford Marak MLA of the GNC said that this issue is necessary and the Lamphang should allow it to be discussed through an adjournment motion.
To refrain from disturbing, injuring or disturbing visitors or to defile and use obscene language on the roads and tourist attractions within the West Khasi Hills District.
Her arrangement to visit Japan and Indonesia at such a time was thoughtless, as it allowed the Telengana leaders not to talk to other Indian ministers.
“This is one of the largest and at the same time the second time that such a table tennis tournament has been held in the North East of India. participants including coaches, assistants and out of these 450 are players,” he said.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) today launched a campaign to close down all those banks which have not celebrated the annual Nongkrem holiday in the Khasi Hills.
These laws are designed to ensure that no opponents will rise up and that there will be no violence.
Olivia Whitener, writes, "St. Valentine not only stands against and marries two lovers, but he shows clearly that love is great as Christ revealed.
BHOI and WAR are only places or areas that are not a nation. We should not misunderstand that we are WAR. BHOIs are another race.
“He said that if the Reservation Policy is introduced or amended as a whole, it will affect the Judiciary and what is important is that it will be replaced by what it says – not to exceed the Reservation Policy. 50%.
It is alleged that Kong Ampareen had ordered the Director of Education that year, JD Sangma, and two others to remove the white paper to increase and decrease the marks of those teachers who were fighting for this post.
Dr War said the OPD of the hospital has been reopened after cleaning.
The girl, had arrived at Mundhan village for 40 days now and they had stayed in a farm and on that day, to commit suicide, they drank beer until they died. and they shall slay themselves.
On the other hand, the leaders of the students' union of the college, including Justice Paul Lyngdoh General Secretary of KNGCSU, said that if the government does not meet the demands of the college, Within the next few days, the Union will hold a mass protest in the coming days.
“In Gauhati, the price of diesel will be T.81.29 per litre, in Meghalaya it will be T.77.41 per litre, in Shillong it will be T.77.41 per litre and in Shillong it will be T. .
During the Question Hour, the opposition Congress MDCs including AA Shullai and Holando Lamin.
This custom of sanctifying the environment must now be revived once again in these new days.
He urged all officers to ensure that the country expanded its vaccination program at the end of the year and before jamming into the new year with renewed faith and confidence.
“In the last 4.5 days, there has been a rapid increase in the number of cases of the disease, which has been very frightening,” said Phaahla.
If all the voters support Kushwah, he will win in
With the cooperation of those who have been with him in the HSPDP in the past years and the cooperation of scholars from NEHU and colleges, the VPP has contested the MLA election 2023 with a call for change. to the holy kingdom.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has already issued the No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the North East Frontier Railway. (NRF) for the railway line from Tetialia in Assam to Byrnihat in Meghalaya.
Customs and traditions, traditional culture,The Khasi Khara children;
Among these youngsters are Ronney Wilson Kharbudon, Damaitphang Lyngdoh, Sangti Janai Sianglong, Kynsaibor Lhuid and Tickets for the tournament will be on sale from 7th November and will be available at the Police Bazaar, Cafe Shillong, Laitumkhrah and the SSA Ticket Counter.
There are the treasures of this king, which are beautiful and very meaningful to look at.
He has also served as Chairman of the Liturgical Commission of the Conference of Catholic Bishops in India several times.
Shillong, March 29: Shillong, March 29: The city of Shillong will be filled with protesters from all over the country tomorrow to take part in the march called by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep. .
All this was against the rule of law,” said Reddy.
" UnquoteKnowledge is power, unity without knowledge is meaningless, therefore, I strongly urge our Honorable Ministers, MPs, MLAs, MDCs, Chiefs of Hima/Elaka and Raid The ILP has already been introduced in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 (BEFR 1873) for the areas under KHADC and JHADC. The Governor of India has approved the President of India on 3.5.1952 and has not ratified it in accordance with Paragraph 19 (1) (b). Decision of the Hon'ble Supreme Court on 23.11.1971, therefore, what remains is the Governor of Meghalaya in accordance with Section 2 of the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Regulation, Regulation No.5 of 1952 to declare that the ILP (EBFR 1873) has been enacted in all areas of KHADC and JHADC. KHADC, even without proper grounds, cannot order the Governor to issue a Notification under Section 2 of Regulation No.5 of 1952 to implement the ILP. The whole State, but this should not be delayed because the influx of foreigners and others into our villages is very high as we have seen that they have been arrested by the Seng Bhalang every year. for.
She said that the assessment by these political leaders of the state is that these leaders elected by the TMC have not been able to implement the needs related to the development of Meghalaya in the 8th century. years of their term and now it seems that they have surprised people and are busy promoting schemes from Bengal.
“We have been saying the same thing every day for 10 days, now this has turned into a conflict,” said the Delhi government.
This time too, it has set a record and is the only school from Jowai to win three semifinals in the Under-14, Boys and Under-17 Boys & Girls categories after winning the semifinal at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. on Thursday.
In the letter, the Seng said that there are many residents, who do not have enough food and drink, due to various closures and then, the closure of the border market.
In the past, this Temple was used for human sacrifice.
Others include Pynehbor Mylliemngap in the Elite category (48kg), Edilbert Ryndongsngi in the 85kg category and Skhemborlang Marwein in the 51kg category.
In a statement, the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the state government has talked to the Indian High Commission of Bangladesh to see if the government's proposal to have a statue. about the life of a freedom fighter of Ri Lum Khasi at the Indian Embassy in Dhaka.
We have been prepared for this,” Goyal told reporters after the meeting of the State Level Coordination Committee (SLCC).
“Such a decision (to contest or not) is up to the leadership.
Silvester said that on the 21st of this month, Pasteur police received a tip from 108 about the shooting of two children at Golflink.
Therefore, he also urged the residents to refrain from going to places where there is a lot of water during these times of heavy rainfall. sorrow or loss of life.
Shillong, Nailar 28: After months of discussion, it has been announced that 10 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (PDF) will join the new political party on the 30th of this month. 25th of April.
However, the villages, Bhalang organizations and the people have also cooperated with the government's directives.
He also urged to upgrade the Technical School and expand the training to keep pace with the demands of the time and resources.
He said that the party has waited for the government to relocate the site and therefore it should do the right thing and not just raise the tyngam.
He will now take part in the Paragliding Accuracy Pre World Championship to be held in Himachal Pradesh from 5th to 9th June
His deeds and activities were also recorded according to the power he received from the devil.
" The festive week was celebrated through a series of programmes.
Bah Pariat appealed to the parents and elders of Moodymmai to cooperate.
As on both sides of the road, there are many houses and the Woodland Nursing Institute and the length of this road is 2.5 kilometers, but the days and months have passed without any incident. any repair or maintenance.
It is learned that the road will continue to be constructed as the NHIDCL is now ready to call another tender, and it is understood that the target for completion will be by
The Lawkyntang is a blessing to the area in terms of the beauty of nature which has attracted many nature researchers from all over the country and abroad including the educational institutions including colleges and universities.
The Assam police have shocked the entire state since then.
“The ILP is a subject in the central government and the KHADC should send it to the central government to explain the ILP,” he said.
The DC has issued this order after the EE of PWD Road Nongstoin has informed about the deterioration of these bridges due to the increasing traffic. The DC has issued a ban on all heavy trucks from passing through these bridges.
Tourist attractions in Meghalaya have become overcrowded because the village authorities have not taken action.
The HYC Seng Kmie has expressed its strong opposition to the decision of the State Government to allow Contractors, Companies and Employers in various fields to bring in foreign workers.
In the Under-17 Women's category, Saiden Secondary School beat Ïewrynghep Secondary School East Khasi Hills 4-2 in the tie-breaker after failing to score until the end of the match. .
God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, that every IMAGINATION OF THE THOUGHTS of his heart was only evils Genesis 6:5.
According to information received, a poor woman was also involved in the blast.
KHLIEHRIAT: Chiehruphi SS, Musniang SS and Khliehriat HSS have won the title of the District Level Subroto Cup Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer East Jaintia Hills Hills District on Tuesday. The meeting was held at the East Jaintia Football Association (EJFA) ground in Deinchynrum, Khliehriat.
Besides farmers, there are government employees about 4 percent, school teachers about 24 percent, traders about 2 percent, contractors about 30 percent, pharmacists about 10 percent, pharmacists about 8 percent, cattle farmers about 10 per cent, pig and chicken farmers about 80 per cent and goat farmers about 5 per cent.
According to a statement from the State Government, the Government has brought back 50 students from the Agriculture University, 10 students from the Food Technology Institute, 25 members of the Food Technology Institute. Lajong Sports Club and others.
Does health , care , and blessings come from the book of destiny ? Luck and fate do not happen at the end of people, which means that people who are sick if they are lucky will get well if they are not lucky they will die.
UDP leader Bindo M Lanong said the court's order would affect the state government which cannot escape from the village authorities.
Shillong, June 26: Two more candidates have contested the mid-term MP election from Tura Constituency, Conrad Sangma of the NPP and Dikanchi D Shira of the Congress.
At the same time, she vowed to lodge a complaint with the UN Special Rapporteur for the Indigenous Peoples against the police in the state for ignoring her complaint which she has lodged many times.
Other Pastors and Pro Pastors of Mairang and Mawshut Presbyteries and relatives of Pastor Mawblei were also present.
He is survived by four children, sisters-in-law and eight grandchildren.
“Why are they in public places when they should be on the borders of the country,” asked Bah Paul.
The HSPDP should be forgotten, like the PDF. Even the UDP will find it difficult to field its own candidate.
It is to be recalled that on June 13, CEM Thombor Shiwat and Deputy CEM Lasky Rymbai in a meeting with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, who holds the Ministry of Finance and Mining & Geology, requested him to release the allocation from in 2008-2019 it reached
Then there are those who like to talk only in English, even among the Khasi.
When someone dies in the village, even in the midst of need, she takes the time to come and encourage them,” she added.
Therefore, it is up to them to decide where and how to write the surname anywhere.
Phurba Thempa of Lajong won the best goalkeeper title and Kitboklang Pale Langsning FC won the Man of the Match title. Aishwarya Rai and this has been a disgrace to her family and also to their marriage, which has been famous in the past few years.
Vehicles coming from the market carrying people and goods have stopped at this point and cannot pass across. In order to avoid being jammed on the other side, the people who were coming including the elderly, women and children in the midst of the heavy rain and in the midst of the danger had to park and walk slowly on foot from these trees. They were born from one side to the other, and with great fear they walked only to escape to the other side to reach the village.
“The Government has worked hard to make the state one of the best states in the country and at present there are many schemes implemented for the state with the aim of making the state one of the best states in the country. This is the goal of making the state one of the Top-10 States in the country.
A woman has given birth on the road, after she was expelled from Runkata Primary Health Center (PHC) by the nurse in charge of the hospital at that time. The husband of the victim, he could not pay the bill.
I hope that the North East will work with the G20 countries on necessary programs and to boost income,” Sangma said.
Please don't let the organization and the residents of Langpih work hard.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has announced to hold a public meeting in Motphran on Saturday to condemn the betrayal of the Hynniewtrep people by Bah Shakliar Warjri and Bah Methodious Dkhar. “There will also be a protest against their tyngshops (two MLAs) at this public meeting and to demand that they should immediately withdraw their letter of recommendation. “They support the NPP,” said a statement sent by the HYC to the media.
The court has made it clear that it will issue its own order on the Farmers Act and also on the farmers' protest and has also suggested to appoint former Chief Justices to look into the case. “What is this, where the states are fighting against your laws?” “We are a little concerned about the way the talks are going,” said the judges. of the Supreme Court.
“Of course we have heard that news and I have directed the SPs of all districts in Garo Hills to investigate and verify and if it is true we will take the necessary action and inform the media,” he said. said Dr Bishnoi in a phone interview.
It was learned that through a video call, he demanded money and sent about T.20 lakh.
Rules and Regulations for Registration:- The registration fee is Rupees 500/-.
Explaining the target of TB reduction in the district, Dr SK Momin, MOTC, Nongpoh said that the target of the Government of India through the Prime Minister's TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyan (PMTBMBA), which is a public awareness campaign recently launched by the President of the country where any individual, group, political party and others can come forward to take TB patients by providing food items, treatment, to provide assistance in vocation training for skills development for 6 months to 3 years according to the needs of patients to receive support to recover and end the stigma.
“We will continue to clean the plastic and also the spectator area of ​​the 1st ground,” said Bah Banteidor.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Director of the film said that the film is not about Manipur, Jowai or Meghalaya but about the North Eastern Region of India. He also expressed the concerns of the youth of the North East.
Infant mortality reached 859 in
The deceased were identified as Havildar Mandeep Singh, Lance Naik Debashish Baswal, Lance Naik Kulwant Singh, Sepoy Harkrishan Singh and Sepoy Sewak Singh of the 16 Corps of the Indian Army. Nagrota.
The term of Er Kyllang will continue until the end of June, they said, but they hope that the power of the Creator will continue to destroy in the coming days and that no more lives will be lost.
Earlier in the match, Rymbai Pohskur SC drew 1-1 with Chiehruphi SYWSC. Rymbai Pohskur SC opened the scoring through Lamphrang Dkhar 44′. 71′ through Sao Bareh.
The arrangement has started from today until the 8th November and from tomorrow, those who need to arrange can come to the office during working hours and can also request Assistance from BLOs, Teachers appointed by the Government and Rangbah Shnongs.
He also said that he has prayed for the construction and welfare of the people of Sikkim.
Mukhla FC beat Ladthadlaboh SC 2-1 with goals scored by Remark Kharmalki in the 29th minute and Fullmoon Mukhim in the 84th minute.
Donborlang Kharmuti, Secretary Umran Dairy, Nongthymmai District, said that the woman passed away on the 23rd of this month and was scheduled to be buried today. The church has left at 8 pm to dig a hole to bury the Longkmie inside the Lum Jingtep Balang, but at such a time when the family members of the Longkmie, Another group led by Tbn.GT Lyngdoh came and banned those who wanted to dig thiew, saying that they should not dig in that area.
The road from Laitlyngkot, especially before reaching Nongkynrih, is very bad and has caused difficulties for vehicles to travel on such roads which are filled with snow and ice. Therefore, the union cannot be allowed to look at the deterioration of the road but is ready to come out in order to repair and fill the soil and stones in the holes along the road.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that tourism spots are those that God has set aside to beautify the environment and tourism is one of the ways to improve the environment. the District and the State.
In this training, Ms Swer urged the youths who have mental illness and sadness to come forward and not to hide or set themselves up what happened to them and to tell their parents so that they can They can be asked to send themselves for treatment at counseling centres.
It is from the kur that we come to be human beings through the iawbei and the Thawlang from generation to generation.
It is to be recalled that the UDP is a national party which has worked closely with the Congress party for the past five years from the beginning of the year until the end of the MDC term. The UDP has won the post of Deputy CEM held by former Mawkynrew MDC Remington Pyngrope while the other three posts including Chairman, Deputy Chairman and CEM have been held by the Congress.
The program was witnessed by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah VS Nongbet, DSEO Ri Bhoi, Kong AR Rani, Kong S Lyngdoh. children, Rangbah Shnong, teachers, students from 40 schools in the area and others.
"And there was a great earthquake;
What will happen to the farmers who are illiterate?
It is appropriate, therefore, as stated by the High Court (Division Bench) that it will not sit with the State Government, from whence it will implement the Roster System, in the decision relating to the case. (Case) R.Marak v. Government of Meghalaya, on
The new cases include four from West Garo Hills, three from West Jaintia Hills, three from Ri Bhoi, two from East Garo Hills, one from South West Garo Hills and one from Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Regarding the allegation that the NPP candidate from Nongpoh is not an intelligent leader and cannot take a decision on her own, we would like to clarify that Macdalyne S Mawlong is already a public leader as MDC and EM in KHADC. We request the public not to be misled by the election taker and we know that this man has been released. He has taken part in the elections for the post of Village Leader and all the times he has contested he has been rejected by the people and he has contested the MDC election. u fight.
“We have decided to summon the officers of the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department because we are not satisfied with the answer we have received from them,” said Ronnie V Lyngdoh, one of the PAC members. .
The question is also for the Ministers and MLAs. If officers have to retrain, do the Ministers and MLAs not need it especially when as rulers they don't have enough knowledge especially if they don't have enough education? ?.
After making 35 appearances and scoring four goals for NE, FC Goa have snapped up the 28-year-old for the 2020 season- 21.
About three persons, all residents of the city, were arrested from the vehicle, the statement said.
Ladthadlaboh took the lead by 1 goal in the first half.
Thus, they continued to seek financial assistance and support from the mothers, three mothers and ask for returns from them without interest.
When inquired, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government has issued a new Expression of Interest (EoI) for the Jowai landfill.
To do so before the elections will affect the people.
When asked whether the Aquaculture Mission has not been implemented properly, Bah Hek said it cannot be said that the implementation of the Aquaculture Mission has failed or has not been able to produce fish.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on June 19, 2013, said that the state government will move forward after the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) failed to respond on the date set. keep.
Imat the reason is also the namat that has been built.
Ebansara and Ricky were on their way to Guwahati with the intention of going to Guwahati, sources said. Police arrested Ricky from Guwahati yesterday. .
In other districts like West Jaintia, the district authorities have released relief while in East Khasi Hills, no relief has been released to the people affected by the earthquake. last year.
(Frogs right).
East Jaintia Hills won the bronze medal by beating West Garo Hills 4-0 in the women's category and West Jaintia Hills won 7-3 against East Garo Hills.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov warned that the incident would be like what happened in 1962, when even the US was closely monitoring the situation in the country. border.
The union also demanded to set up a special scheme for the construction of a ropeway to the remote areas especially to the Riwar area due to the problem of transportation.
Schools have also been ordered to ensure that all students prevent dehydration by drinking water frequently and also to prepare ORS or coconut water in case of dehydration. in the body.
Meanwhile, Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh Education Secretary KSU Laskein Circle said that the KSU strongly opposes the proposal to relocate the school to other places especially in the urban areas. The Ministry of Education especially the Minister of Education to establish this school in this village.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 371, Nagaland Health Minister US Pangnyu Phom said on Twitter this morning.
Marriages are permitted, but must be notified to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
So he wrote that he had many fathers and named those fathers as John, Luke, Lucy, Magdalene and so on as it is written about that essay about friends.
Arunachal started the match well before losing a wicket when Shubham scored 100 runs off 134 balls. Other wicket-takers included Sudhir Sahani. Adarsh ​​Joshi took 1 wicket for 69 runs.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the issue of withdrawing the case against these militants has already been discussed on various types of cases.
