Shillong: The Urban Affairs Department has submitted a plan to the state government and has identified several areas including the Polo Parking Lot to provide shop space to the vendors especially those who live in shop field in the street.
In the semifinals, all the teams won by tie-breaker after drawing in the matches.
Raja Brahma also promised to the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, saying that as the PD of Ri Bhoi, he will assist in the creation of mechanisms, for the purpose of meeting other needs within the This is the office of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
The party also said that Assam still uses Paragraph 12 (b) the Governor of Assam which states that the Governor has the power to revoke the laws of the Central Government. long iron in Assam.
One of the functions of this Committee is to develop plans or programs for the health of the people in the village.
Facebook Inc. on Tuesday suspended Donald Trump's account for two years and is expected to allow him to use his account again until July. of the year
Explaining in detail, Jt.
When Rupang saw the picture, it spoke to one of the leaders of the church, Bah Kost Sawkmie and he said that he did not shon satai the picture, but there were others who shon.
He said that the union has found that there are no adequate toilets because school children and men and women have to go together to the same toilet and also the lack of subjects that should be in this toilet. school due to the lack of teachers to serve the children.
It is worth mentioning that the removal of motorcycles and wheelchairs is due to the fact that many of the people who use these motorcycles to travel, have complained that these motorcycles do not use them. take, accordingly, the price set within the Apps which is low and cheap to stay, but they have used to do offline which they can take advantage of at a low price, which varies greatly between the price online and offline, because the offline users also have the opportunity to sell to the public.
The owner of the vehicle, said that on learning of the theft, he went to the police station and searched for the vehicle, but without finding out where it was, it was here. In the evening, some people saw that the vehicle was parked near the road from 13mer to Killing and informed the Ri Bhoi Police. the vehicle was parked by the robbers at the scene.
I hope that this will raise awareness among the people.
On this occasion, prizes and cash prizes were awarded to both the teams that reached the goal of victory and also to the team that lost in the final, the Royal Challengers. Nongpoh Town Club received T.20,000/- while the Nongpoh Town Club received T.20,000/-.
Speaking in the National Assembly, Khan said the relationship between India and Pakistan should not go beyond the limits. , you have to fight back.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Nongrim Hills FC 2-1 in the Shillong Premier League 2019 at the JN Polo Stadium in Shillong on Saturday.
“It is the duty of the District Council to prevent foreigners from buying agricultural products in the villages and rural markets.
If this is the case, it will only lead to ethnic discrimination,” said the youth in an interview with this reporter at the office of HAPC Nongstoiñ.
Do you have any relationship between the MLA and the office on the electricity issue?? buh ask your organization.
The border is controlled by the Karen National Union (KNU) and the area where the bomb was detonated is Kawthoolei, the report said.
Sadly, only King Herod, when he learned of this, took Jerusalem with him.
However, the public notice issued on July 14, 2023 by the Law Commission of India regarding the implementation of the UCC is of great concern to us," the Church said in a petition sent to the Law Commission.
Unless the party does not look carefully at the ways and means how it will return to power.
He said that during the rainy months, the state has more electricity generation than the state needs and the government in such months transfers these electricity to others. and when the state needs electricity, these states return the electricity that the state provides to them.
It was seen on social media that in India, the tax on petrol and diesel has reached about 45%.
The work on the 16 km to 19 km section is very slow and Bah Syiemlieh asked the Minister to provide the name of the contractor who is building on the section.
Speaking to media, HNYF President Bah Sadon Blah said that the HNYF does not agree with the government's decision to look into the arrest of Bah Ardent for seven days.
On the part of the General Secretary, Bah Lambor F.Wanniang, he sent a statement that it is very important for all the villages to take good care of their water wells and laundry facilities. so that this will help in the preservation of the water wells in the village.
This meter can also have a negative impact on the environment and health due to RF or Radio Frequency and Radiation.
Speaking to media, Bah AL Hek said that at present it is not yet clear whether the political parties have had the opportunity to talk to Amit. Shah on other issues while on the ILP issue it is up to the State Government whether to take up the issue for face to face discussion with the Minister.
The Chad Tyllu festival is a custom held in Raij Mynso once a year before the start of agriculture by the children of the village of the raij in the fields.
“If you are a true Garo leader, you should resolve this issue,” he added.
She still speaks but many people don't hear her voice.
The union has announced that on Saturday, 2nd November, they will rally to repair the road so that the Mahindra pickups will not stop when they go to Langdongdai.
When questioned, police said that they confessed that the child was staying in a skum house belonging to one of them on the night of 17th June.
Dr. WA Lyngwi who lives in Sohra and is also the Business Partner of Green Rock Garden has cleaned up the area.
Leading NPP Nongpoh office bearers, including CB Syiem, Adviser and Augustine Wahlang, Nongpoh, said that this misbehavior by the NPP leaders in the state, has led to the NPP leaders in Shillong, who have announced tickets without consultation, has shocked the NPP leaders and supporters in Nongpoh. Constituency.
It was also witnessed that only in Ri-Bhoi district there are Police Outposts, health centers which have been upgraded but the working methods remain the same and the government has not taken any action to increase the number of staff and improve the working methods. but only the name without the work was promoted.
Warren Synrem scored the first goal for Madanrting.
In addition to the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly, the KJP Synod Sepngi Women's Assembly was also the co-producer.
Police recovered an AK rifle, a pistol, a bag containing 23 rounds of 7.62 mmm, 9 rounds of 9 mm pistol and other items. implement.
“The RSS doesn't need money from the government, it doesn't have money itself but it is the people who contribute, the RSS is only the implementer of the money of the people”.
Mawkyrwat, July 24: The District Mental Health Program (DMHP) in collaboration with the office of the Superintendent of Health Police, South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a program to mark the International Day against Drugs and Drug Trafficking at Mawkyrwat Market.
Without trees, forest creatures would not be able to build houses.
Therefore, my dear friends, I invite you at this time to turn to your own life and ask yourself whether you have a strong faith or whether you have a strong trust in God. until he knows me, and if we find that our faith is still weak, if we find that our trust in God is not yet a trust that God can recognize or not yet It is the confidence that God can accept us. At this time I call upon us to turn to God and bow down to pray to Him.
Police and law enforcement agencies have arrested the suspect on 3rd June after receiving a tip that the child had gone to school with a group of people. teachers and school authorities have been investigating what happened to the child on that day.
She said she had worked with Ghai in his film and it was during this time that he drugged her and raped her.
The purpose of this program is to inform the public about the existence of laws and regulations in case of violence.
Commissioner.
“" to make the voice of the rangli juki sound and that's all I want.
Thirty opponents as well as supporters spoke.
However, on seeing the incident, the people of the area immediately helped to take the child to Byrnihat PHC, which is nearby. but they could not help or do anything, because the child was dead.
'Jennifer Garner has taken the initiative not to allow her children to use social media. Social Media is bad if you don't know how to use it and that's why she struggles as much as she can to keep her children away.
After she went to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ for treatment, she could not be treated anymore because she did not want to be treated. They asked the child of the woman until she told the truth about the incident. The doctors sent the woman to her village and the next day they left. to take her out of the village and take her to the Civil Hospital.
The selection of the players will be held on the 30th of this month at JN Complex at 9:00 pm. For those who have registered in Category 1st and 2nd Division, the election will be held on the 31st of this month at 9:00 pm, while for those who have registered in Category Super Division, the election will be held on the 31st. This month at 12 noon at J.N.Complex.
The MPHRC demands an immediate investigation into this incident and urges the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri to immediately investigate this matter and at the same time to find out. Measures to ensure that the people living in these areas should receive special protection from the Meghalaya Police so that they can live in peace and order without any harassment by the Assam Police .
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of Mawlai Village Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle today decided to hold a flag raising ceremony to protest against the brutal killing of Dismarlin Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, a police officer. Home Guard, to the truck drivers, which happened on the night of 24th June 2019 at the FCI station, at 10 mer, Ri Bhoi District.
Larger Than 90 This band was formed in 2019 by four friends, but this band has released its own album this year, the songs of this band One of these songs is called 'Poisa' which is a song in Pnar language. These songs of this group can be found on the internet Spotify.com.
The President, Seiñ Raid Tuber, said that the SHGs contribute a lot in employment in the rural areas and these SGHs are also a platform for women who have the skills to make tools. hands and also to participate in various activities or programmes.
The election of the new office bearers of the MFA was held at the Annual General Meeting of the MFA in Shillong on Saturday.
“Please take the incident report regarding these children and we will conduct a follow-up,” said Kong Lyngdoh. law to children.
He said that by 2023, Meghalaya will witness nearly 15 lakh tourists from all over the world which is a great achievement for the state.
It's Me.
The Khasi soldiers who died in France and the Garo soldiers were buried in the Netherlands.
Nickyboy Swer scored both goals for Mookyrdup in the 41st and 60th minutes while Byforce Star Dhar scored for Mupliang in the 44th minute.
Incident, Zone-V, Bah BM Kharkongor, Assistant Director, Agriculture and Zonal Magistrate shall be the Supervising Officers to ensure compliance with this notice.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The HNLC has imposed a curfew on the people of Shillong.
Out of these four constituencies, two are where the UDP does not have MLAs to work for the party candidates.
However, as he was appointed as the secretary of the VEC while he was in the village, he has not allowed other residents to participate.
Speaking to reporters, Babu Baby Joseph, a member of JACATAM from Nongpoh Zone, said that the reason why the teachers have marched against the government is because of the The state government has ignored the teachers and their rights like other government employees in the state.
The Civil Sub-Division was announced by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
He tried to force her, but she didn't succeed; He said that he was a 10-year-old man who died at the hands of the French government in the fight against the French invasion of Ri Khad-aar Dolloi.
Teinwel said the post of Secretary of the UDA has been appointed to Pyniaid Syiem of the NPP, who also became the Parliamentary Party Leader after Pynshngain was appointed as Chairman.
D.F.Major (PHF) Sergeant at Arms, Rtn.
Shillong, Lber 28: A few days ago, the mawbynna of the nine kurs of the Hima Malai Sohmat which were erected in front of the office of the Syiem of the Hima, have been destroyed.
These tweets effectively help the customers to get the required information including the solution to the problem.
The SP (City) said that there are about 40 people who have submitted fake slab documents regarding their residence.
If the NPP suddenly comes back to power, it is certain that the state will be destroyed in order to strengthen the party as the party in the north of India.
At the same time, the union would like to thank the Incharge of Byrnihat Police Outpot and the Ranger of the Forest of Beat House 13mer, who have joined hands to help for this youth. If there are volunteers, we can still provide assistance to those who have real talent in their lives in the District and the state as a whole.
Mulait United beat Latyrke SCSC 2-1 in the final of the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA).
Such incidents happen frequently in rural hospitals in Garo Hills where doctors and staff are forced to see patients from their own villages and this will endanger the patients and discourage the villagers.
Excluding other borrowings and payments by the government, the estimated receipt this year will be T.9013 crore.
In the South West, they were placed in Mawkyrwat, Ranikor, Nonghyllam, Phudkroh, Lailad and Bagli.
I have two children, I raised them, I took good care of them.
On the other hand, the Adviser to the Agriculture and Allied Sector, NEC Shillong, M.Iboyama Meitei, who is also a senior official from Manipur, said that the incident in Manipur has also caused a serious incident in Manipur. Shillong on Friday night.
What did he say he wouldn't do? or shall he not perform that which he hath spoken?" Numbers 23:19.
“This shows the lack of responsibility of the Department.
Rumbui said that if parents allow their children to go to school, they should sign and this will be only for those children who want to get information from the teachers. It is only for the Consultation Class, not the class that they usually conduct, but all those who attend schools should follow the protocols of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Last year, the state government had allocated T.27 crore for the project.
“Why do you resign part-time from the post of MLA, is this for your own benefit or for the benefit of the people of the constituency?” Diral said in a statement.
ED officials also seized mobile phones of Kejriwal and his family members.
The District Sport Officer (DSO) Kong B.Syiem has explained the screening process for the selection of school children for the Subroto Cup in WKH. to the media about the allegations.
In these two verses that Bah Rana has composed in this song, the phlak has clearly shown what we have seen and seen in this age, since the rule of khaddar, the lei san. years, the kings, the mothers, the Bakhraw Batri in the kingdoms, how can they eat and sell the mother and father, they are guilty of sin and blood, and they despise the The right to one word, which now affects the whole nation.
Sanam Sanam, Hybrid Theory, Kenny Musik, 4th Element will perform on the opening day of the festival. , The Band Phantasm, DBRYN, Gwyneth, Dalariti, CYCO, Aminio, Dr Legend, and Chevinia and these talented musicians have had to stop.
“Therefore, I request your Ministry to take action on this issue to ensure that the people of Meghalaya will not be deprived of their rights,” said Bah Lamare.
In these days, there have been reports that some Congress MLAs in Jaintia and Khasi Hills have decided not to support Bah Pala because they have reasons against him.
Their response came after 1 pm while the MPs were discussing during the Zero Hour.
Dairy products : Casein is a protein found in these foods.
The tourist spot was inaugurated by Bah Sai Sing Khongrymmai, Deputy Chief Engineer, Construction Engineer, NF Railway, who is also the owner of Laitmawsiang.
" Lanosha was calmed down. While the Kongthei was crying, Lanosha, as a true friend, pretended not to understand the words of the Kongthei; and she took out the food which she had brought, and put it on the plate.
Shillong: Pushkar Raj Singh of Meghalaya scored a century in the first semi final of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy between Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh at Anand, Gujarat today.
On this occasion, it is a pleasure for the Church to open the Youth Center and Felicitation of Octogenarian.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Bah Teiñwell Dkhar MDC Shella District, Shillong, today moved a motion to discuss the issues faced by the Rangbah Shnongs in the past few days. Replying to the comments of the participants, the EM Incharge of the Elaka, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that it is not illegal for government employees to hold office. Rangbah Shnong or other members of the committee.
Rolen Lamurong 14.
“His claim to send the HNLC from Bangladesh is stupid, because how can he do that when foreign affairs is in the hands of the BJP government and not in the hands of the BJP government? Congress government.
Meanwhile, the Vice President of the Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Danny Shadap said that the party will give its full support to the teachers and will continue to support them. in any teacher protests.
He congratulated the parents and football coaches who took the initiative to train the children.
Shillong: The highest rainfall in Sohra in the last 24 hours was 232.2mm.
In a statement, Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that four new cases have been confirmed in Morigaon district, two from Nalbari and three from Hojai, Nagaon, Jorhat and Golaghat. district.
The Sein Raij 12 Daloi also urged all those who came to take part not to pollute the roads especially those inside the village.
And if a person believes and abides in the Word of God, they become children of God and Christ followers.
The Special Bench may also invite the Advocate General or the Public Prosecutor to assist the Court.
This came on the day the High Court heard a case related to the coal industry.
Not only that, but this time one member of the NYC team has been invited to compete in Gymnastics.
Yes, the State, the Country and society urgently need peace and justice.
lakh per year and also they can retire when they reach the age of 60 years.
The gospel that Jesus preached was not to establish an agency to oversee or administer justice, but Jesus stood and fought against injustice, partiality and discrimination. the residents.
bad when U.
The family members of the deceased had to take the woman to Mairang for treatment.
Ma Tariang has announced that in the 2023 elections, he has decided to support the incumbent MLA and Minister of State Ma Kyrmen Shylla.
Mera and I received help from the home of Kong Lin Jyrwa (Oasis).
Are you willing to give up items such as money, blankets, children's clothes, kitchen utensils, dishes and others?
BJP East Khasi Hills President Babul Suting in the presence of BJP East Khasi Hills Organizer Jropsing Nongkhlaw, Shella Mandal President Tolmolin Yadborn. The meeting was conducted by the President of Sohra Mandal, Bah P.Nongrum.
The HNLC, which had previously threatened to bomb the Secretariat and the High Court, has now threatened to bomb the Congress office. The HNLC has written to the Prime Minister and Home Minister Kiren Rijiju for peace talks with the HNLC. The HNLC has decided to appoint Disparsing Rani. , as a ksiang, for the peace talks between the HNLC and the government.
“We urge Tathagata Roy to listen, he should no longer talk about the affairs of the Hynniewtrep people or the state because he may have forgotten that he is no longer the Governor of our state.
After this he told me that the country has done well under my leadership.
However, the only freedom that is truly and terribly important today is freedom in public affairs.
I would like to remind and clarify that the BJYM of the party is one of the cells dedicated to the youth for the benefit of the youth in any field and the main goal is to promote the youth. young people in all aspects.
Adelbert introduced a resolution against the Forest (Conservation) Amendment Act, 2023 which has recently been passed by Parliament.
We do not agree with this action of the police department and the rules imposed which do not agree with the minor incident.
After the inspection by the RBYF and FKJGP leaders, it was learned that some people had gone to pull the cow from the river and buried it in the ground.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Moorathud, Plantis Pasleiñ.
For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts.
The WJDBA will compete in the Under-19 Men's and Women's and Senior category under the leadership of Homelin Bareh and Teddy Laloo as coaches and managers.
In a statement sent today by the Chairman, Rev. Batkupar Dunai and Prof. Synsharlang Kharshiing, Secretary, the group of Christian churches expressed their satisfaction that the Government has decided to suspend the The government has issued a license to operate casinos, but demands that the law be repealed completely, as it feels that such activities lead to a decline in the price of human beings.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : As a sign of strong opposition to the Assam's disregard for the soskular signed for the purpose of resolving the border issue, the incident which happened today at Mukroh The Meghalaya government should have dissolved all three Regional Committees appointed to discuss the border settlement and also to Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie said that the MOU signed by Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himata Biswa Sarma has been suspended.
JOWAI: Police have lodged an FIR against a suo-moto suspect at Khliehriat Police Station.
The Meghalaya High Court today issued an order directing the Meghalaya Government not to use the Central Reserve Police Force (CSF) but to use 10 companies of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to curb illegal mining in Meghalaya and smuggling of coal.
The union also met with the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank Riangdo, due to the lack of respect of the employees to the public who deposit money in the branch.
Besides the ILP and NRC, the party has also demanded from the Minister of Home Affairs to release the North East India from the Indo-Nepal Treaty of Friendship,
However, here in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, this cannot be the case because everyone wants to be a leader and this is what puts the challenge before the ethnic parties to reach the goal of unity.
This was during their regular patrolling.
It is because of the value of the Council that there is a need for intelligent people in the ADC to raise the reputation and working methods.
People’s participation is the superpower of our democracy.
Hearing the PIL, the Full Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said, “It is true that the State has not been able to estimate the amount of coal mined in the past. 2016 and is still waiting to be auctioned across the country".
If this is true, the MBOSE should consider the subject Social Sciences this year so that the matric students will be able to take the subject this year.
The MSSASA leaders reminded that there were more than 400 teachers who had passed the NIOS examination but the result was announced after 9 months and the result was not clear. Those who contested were also shown not to attend the examination.
The photo was reportedly taken at al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City, where the child cried out, saying: “I am looking for my father and bring him back. my".
On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said that in all the departments of the government there are always shortcomings and added that this will encourage the people of the state to accept the wish of the party to clean up all the departments. how to work through a clean and pure political system.
Lorenza Songthiang is one of nine other Indians who have taken part in the tournament where the Indian team has won four titles. gold copper.
“We don't refuse to stay in the quarters built for the Municipal employees, but when they built these quarters they didn't give us to stay, but they gave them to others. government employees".
It is hoped that through this tour, there will be a long-term cooperation between the media and government departments in these two regions which will pave the way for exchange of views.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Additional SP of Meghalaya, Ringrang Momin, has escaped death after members of the GNLA attacked a camp under the leadership of their Commander Philiport. tip like Raccoon D Shira.
On the other hand, the BJP has demanded that the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, KR Ramesh, should hold a meeting today, but the Speaker has not listened to them. BJP MLAs have vowed to stay inside the House all night as a sign of protest against the decision of the Speaker.
Adarsh ​​Joshi of St. Edmund's College took two wickets in three overs for 12 runs.
Dr. Kalwing encouraged the students and teachers to explain to their relatives and the community so that they can get information on how to protect themselves from TB. Staff of District TB Office and Bhoirymbong CHC, Umroi PIC Police, students and teachers of Modern Secondary School and Ri Bhoi Presbyterian English Secondary School, students of Women's College and St. .Edmunds College.
The JSM leader said that Star Cement has called for a meeting between the two sides on Tuesday when the leaders of the JSM, JSU and KSU Narpuh Circle will also meet. On the part of Kong Lamare and Kong Passah, they also expressed their gratitude and appreciation to these Sengbhalang who have been willing to help and take care of our needs.
It is also like allowing them to cross the border of Lapangap village and Meghalaya itself.
The Ri War College was opened in 2009 to develop the Ri War area in order to overcome the backwardness.
The construction of the Nongstoin-Tura highway, the Mairang-Ranibari highway, the Jowai By pass and other roads that the government is planning to implement.
“The VPP supporters should not hesitate because we will not thank them, and we will stand firm on the ground,” said Bah Ardent.
The French named this festival the Nongkrem Dance and this name remains to this day.
When they reached the house, they heard the story and even the father who was walking along the road stayed in the dark, surprised by the story of the mother.
He added that for the tournament, the tournament will also hold a competition for the best chess players along with seven U-21 players to become the best chess players. part of the tournament including the three GMs of India; and Praggnanandhaa R., Raunak Sadhwani and Nihal Sarin.
and Silver Medalist 1984 Summer Olympic, Atlanta.
They urged the people to speak out as their voice so that the authorities can hear the actions of the army.
Jowai, Jymmang 3: The leaders of four political parties, including the AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone, the KSU-Khliehriat Circle, the FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle and the HNYF-East Jaintia Zone, today In the presence of Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie and Bah SS Niangti, General Secretary of KSU-JHDU, they met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to demand the implementation of the project. The Local Taxi Khliehriat Region has been launched to facilitate the movement of the people within the district.
AIADMK chief Dayakumar has strongly criticized the BJP leader in the state, CN Annadurai, and said that the members of the party, CN Annadurai, The party leaders will not tolerate any criticism against the former party leader and late chief minister of the state.
Shillong: A traffic jam in Upper Shillong, today, seems to have not been too severe, as the vehicles have not stopped at all, but have been moving and stopping from time to time. .
Ardent was accompanied by Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham Constituency 20 along with other leaders of the party.
In the journey to independence under the leadership of many leaders of the country, many difficulties and obstacles had to be overcome especially when the French authorities brought a spirit of differences among the citizens of the country. in the name of Religion and Nation.
Of these 60 cases, in East Khasi Hills, 25 cases include one Armed Forces personnel, one driver, one health worker, 16 high risk cases, one ILI case, 2 cases from abroad, One from Laban cluster and one from Khyndailad cluster.
He said that now that the elections have come, it seems that the BJP has shown its commitment to these two issues which the people of the state have been demanding for many years.
The Secretary of the Synroplang VO, Sukmon Shadong, said that there are 18 SHGs in the Synroplang VO. The meeting was held at the Ratacherra Football Ground under the chairmanship of the President, Suda Pohthmi.
Rotary Club Shillong Heritage President Vishal Amarnani and General Secretary Jasbir Singh welcomed the guests. Secretary Bah Vivan Kharkongngor.
Many parts of this road have been damaged and flooded with potholes which have caused severe inconvenience to the traffic.
Shillong, July 19: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister and Spokesperson of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government on Friday announced the appointment of Adviser, Chairman, Co.
This happened after the Congress supporters who could not accept the victory of the UDP candidate Bah Metbah Lyngdoh threw stones at the BSF troops and police. They threw stones at the DC's office and set fire to the vehicles.
“According to the rules and regulations laid down by the central government in this state, the government has not been able to implement the rules like other eastern states,” he said.
Police have recovered the motorcycle used by the suspects.
Besides, the Minister also promised that the House will stand united against any move by anyone including Parliament to violate the rights and customs and traditions of the indigenous people of the State. Meghalaya.
The leaders and members of the Mookhep Unit and Mookhep Women's Wing Unit were sworn in by MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo. for the good of the people.
In the second leg of the tournament, Iewduh Sports Club beat Nongrim Hills Sports Club 3-1
Shibun has T.33,059 in UBI Bank, T.19,681 in Meghalaya Rural Bank, T.59,977 in Axis Bank and T.120,337 in SBI account. T.1,31,047 to Meghalaya Rural Bank, Ladrymbai Branch.
In a statement sent by the President of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Kong S Pariat, she said that they are pleased that the new Parliament has introduced a great law for women.
The teams that will play in the Shillong Zone are Mawlai SC, Jyntru, Seng Samla Laitryngew SC, Umkseh SC, Langsning SC and Umrit SC. Sein Pynbhalang SC, Rangdajied United FC, Ladthadlaboh SC and Youth Club Pdengkarong.
Warjri said this in the House while replying to a question by South Tura MLA John Leese K Sangma.
The celebration was held on the 26th November, 2022 at the Tyrsad Umkseh Village Council Hall under the leadership of Ibakordor Rynjah, National Youth Volunteer of NYKS, Mawphlang Block.
Today, seven people have died of covid-19 in the state, bringing the total number of deaths to
The union has demanded equal pay for equal work, from Chowkidar, Cleaner, Peon, Accountant as these jobs are also worked on Muster Roll and the work is equal. not equal to the work.
Speaking to the gathering, the HITO leader said that the people of the state should be understanding and vigilant, to avoid the 5000 tyngka which has been tried by those political parties who are trying to mislead the people of the state.
When asked by Rupang whether he has money to contest the election, he said, “I don't have money, I don't have wealth, I don't have a car”. Maieid used to tell me that when he contested his first election in 1957 he didn't have any money even until the time to register. I don't have money, but I was helped by a pastor to pay T.100 tyngka which is the registration fee,” said Bahduh.
There are people who have two EPICs from Aphiam, Salpara, Gazang, in these areas there are very few people who have two EPICs, namely from Meghalaya and Assam.
There are 14 villages in Raid Shabong, 6 polling stations and 4,000 voters, said Hilarius Pyngrope, Chairman of the Election Committee of Saw Raid. .
It seems that as the polling days approach, the defection and formation of new parties has increased.
It was during those years that changes were brought about in the working methods for the benefit of the youth by opening educational institutions to open up opportunities for them to get jobs faster.
The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (UVL) has recalled that in the past few days, the Union has met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh. “It has ended but the talks have not reached anywhere, we see that in a few days Ronnie said that the MUDa “It doesn't work in Upper Shillong, but why are the people facing such problems if it doesn't work,” said Gilbert.
He announced his visit to the Tura Super Market which was built and opened during the reign of his father (L) Purno Agitok Sangma in Tura in
Those who believe in the name of Jesus must be born again: “Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God” John 1:1
I'm writing this poem, I don't want to hurt you, It's just a joke, I don't blame anyone.
David prayed to God, “Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to resolve the issue of the workers in terms of payment of their salaries. they were not treated unfairly, but the pay they received was no longer a salary it was a semi-remuneration.
He lives in Meghalaya and is interested in speleology.
On Saturday, Ladthadlaboh will play against Sabahmuswang at 3.00 pm.
According to media reports, these five MDCs are confident that they can shake the seat of Bah Pynshngaiñ but they are having difficulty getting their own numbers to vote. long leaders and have decided that whatever happens, they will do whatever happens even if the Administrator comes.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order to open food shops on 27th and 28th October 2020 from 9 am to 5 pm.
“Women runners in the Olympics in previous years from 1975 to 1993, finished more than 8 minutes in the 3 km race.
“As the Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah PBO Warjri, IAS, will also be the State Vigilance Commissioner, Meghalaya from the date of his appointment until further order,” said the statement.
Nongpoh: A public meeting was held today at Umsarang village, Ri Bhoi to clarify the allegation that there is a clash between the people of Umsarang village which falls under the Hima Mylliem against Pynthor Sohma is a village under the jurisdiction of the Hima Khyriem.
The Seng therefore wishes her a healthy body and a brave spirit in her life.
Shillong: Shillong MP Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that it is necessary to protect ourselves as indigenous people.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday launched and handed over the electric waste collection vehicles or e-Vehicles in different blocks of East Jaintia Hills. In the presence of the Symbud Chief Minister, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, the Minister in charge of PHE, Marcuise N Marak and MDC Umroi and other senior officials of PHE and Shillong Municipal Board.
:The Leader of the Opposition (LO) Ronnie V Lyngdoh has congratulated the Indian National Congress (INC) for introducing the Sixth Schedule to the people and protecting the rights of the people. The people of Meghalaya.
Initially, it should allow the village markets, the village markets, to run their own businesses and the farmers, the contractors, to sell and buy their own products and then They should be able to go to work, to their fields, fields and rice fields and the State Government should force the construction of roads, 100 days work and to purchase the equipment immediately. hands and the goods they produce these days, so that they can earn money to cover their pockets.
This came after the JHADC received the approval from the Governor to set up a Delimitation Committee for the reorganization and division of the constituencies under its jurisdiction.
In this regard, the group fighting against the authorities of the Central Government and the State Government, will continue to stand firm to demand Independence on the basis of rights and truth as the people should live and also to understand that those Heads of Government on the protection that does not exist without violating the Constitution of India.
When we do urgent things, fear and anxiety come and can affect us even when we are not in danger such as during exams, public speaking, first dates or even at parties.
The Regional Democratic Party (RDA) on June 9 released its manifesto for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections. and the Central Government to demand the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule and the resolution of the issues related to the border dispute with Assam. .
He strongly criticized Mukul Sangma, who was the former Chief Minister of the State, for mismanaging the funds from the Government of India and this has affected the economic development of the State.
Shillong, November 1: On the 29th of this month at 9:30 pm, unidentified robbers shot and killed a Khasi youth. The incident occurred near RR Colony Community Hall, Shillong.
The body of Samuel Synrem, who was suspected to have been drowned, was found in the river after a search for several days after he met with an accident on the 21st of this month. May.
He was discharged from the hospital at 9 pm the same day and is in good health and has returned to his farmhouse.
Within the last 24 hours, the state police have conducted raids in Tura, Shallang, Williamnagar and Mendipathar.
Therefore, when MLA Adelbert Nongrum prayed and read the Bible in the Assembly, it was wrong because he set an example for other religions.
Exposure to them can cause fever, chills, fever and other symptoms of illness, including illness if severe.
" “Only after the counting of votes on October 4, the Dorbar Shnong Nongdhar has fined me T. 10,000/- and accused me of going against the village and acting against the village. "It's a good idea," said San John Laloo.
The five month arrear is for the fiscal year 2016-17, which is valid from 1st May 2016 to 28th June 2017 and four months salary from April to May this year for Teachers from all over the state also carried placards with slogans to condemn the government.
Therefore, in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Lumnongthymmai, on that day, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, also donated T.50,000 to the Village Leaders of Lumnongthymmai.
However, the results of BCPL are not available on its website and this has raised doubts among many whether through this collaboration MCCL will survive or fail.
All coal trucks must have proper documents such as Registration Certificate, Fitness Certificate, Insurance Certificate, Road Permit from the State Transport Authority and Driver's Licence.
However, regarding the Cherry Blossom Festival this year which will be held from 17th to 19th November, Bah Tynsong said it is inevitable.
Solomon was arrested by the West Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday and handed over to the East Jaintia Hills Police on the same day.
Shillong, July 27 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday announced that all the areas under the Census Town including Umlyngka, Nongkseh and others will fall under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM). ).
Earlier, in the last dorbar, the government had sent the Bill to the Select Committee for a thorough reading of the Bill and it was approved to come into force across the state.
The next grapefruit is the grapefruit.
Politics has deteriorated slightly these days in the United States, where a small town, Fair Haven, in Vermont, has elected a blang, to be the mayor of the country. city.
There is no better school than the home where father and mother are living and unquenchable examples, and it is here that they are taught obedience, humility, punctuality , patience, understanding of the problems of others, cooperation in fulfilling the duties of the household, and fear of one's Creator.
Mix all three ingredients well and the scrub to brighten your skin is ready to use.
In Pongtung, the road has deteriorated and traffic has caused a lot of trouble to small vehicles and the same is true in Mawshun.
When asked whether the UDP will invite the VPP to join hands with the HSPDP, the UDP MLA from Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, recently expressed his satisfaction that if the VPP joins hands, the The candidate will win, but he understands that it is difficult for the VPP to cooperate as it has already announced its candidate.
The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) in the KHADC will soon go to the Governor to approve the formation of a new Executive Committee (EC) as it has 18 members in the 30-member Assembly. after many problems since November
Vice President Embhahlang Lyngdoh will be the Chairman of the Ambulance Committee while Assistant General Secretary Charemi Laloo will be the Secretary of the Ambulance Committee.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: During the scrutiny of the nomination papers of the candidates from the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi District which was held today at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, many visitors They were stopped on the road, which was due to the traffic jam which caused the road to be blocked by the supporters of the candidates from different constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
They also suggested to me to request in writing to our MLA Bah M.Byrsat, to take action and on my part, I am ready to meet him separately, to request him to create a solution. “It is for the benefit of the youth of our district,” said Bah Phrelington Dkhar.
He came out like a flower and was cut down.
Prof. DRL Nonglait on behalf of the Khasi Authors Society and Head of the Khasi Department NEHU, Bah Erwin KSutnga as the lawyer. Dr. B. Khyriem from the Department of Linguistics NEHU and Prof. Streamlet Dkhar from the Khasi Authors Society and the Sahitya Academy.
Kharshiing received the award from committee member Emma Sinclair-Webb and Murat Celikkan, winner of the 2018 International Hunt Dink Award.
He said that the opening of the new crematorium in the village is a great blessing to the entire area as it is to showcase the beauty of the village to the world.
He said that the shortage of meat cutters in the area is probably due to the distance of the area which has made it difficult for them to transport the goods from one place to another which affects the cost. their servants.
Meanwhile, the statement by a private person not to introduce the Garo language is sad and a betrayal of the Garo people.
But let us pray that God will have mercy on those few righteous people on earth.
He also advised the students to avoid alcoholic beverages, to avoid the evils of mobile phones and technology and also to work hard in their studies so that they can to reap the holy fruit in their lives by becoming human beings in their future.
After the two villages have brought back the 'Charoh blai', the Lyngdoh Kongwasan of Raij Chyrmang together with the sangot, chutia, tymmen and kro will leave for Dongnein with thanksgiving, suit and shor to bring back the 'Charoh blai' 'All the days' of Aitnar.
Kim doesn't work in the village.
He said that the protests have been suspended due to the pandemic, but now that the situation has improved, the party will strengthen the protests in the new year
What surprises many is how when there is such an incident, the Government does not send the MLPs or even the Magistrates to investigate the incident.
Other priests also took part in the celebration of the Holy Mass.
Shillong, July 06 : The leaders of the Adhoc Committee of the Sohiong Block Congress Committee (SBCC) on Tuesday said that on learning that Bah HDR Lyngdoh will leave the Congress and join the UDP, three members of the Sohiong Block Congress Committee (SBCC) have joined the UDP. candidates have come to apply for tickets from their party.
They confirmed that the shop under construction in Iewduh which the people have complained to the Mylliem Hima is the shop of the President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Bah Marbud Dkhar.
Shillong: The Director of the Divine Mercy Retreat Centre, Ladrymbai, Jowai Diocese, Father Anthony Kolenchery in a statement today at Mihmyntdu, invites all to attend the Bible Convention and the Healing of the Sick. Good Shepherd Parish Ladrymbai from 28th to 29th November,
During the day after school, there is a heavy traffic jam.
Also present in the meeting with the media, was the CEO of MFA, Bah Arki Nongrum, who expressed his gratitude to NEHU through the Department of Khasi Language for this dedication to Bala Nongkynrih. is a researcher from NEHU to assist in the translation into Khasi of these two subjects.
The kiaw, has been arrested in Parliament today after her husband was questioned by the police for smuggling money abroad.
The rich and the poor are suffering, the youth are becoming victims of the reservation policy, the residents are suffering in all aspects.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 : The North East Olympic Games 2022 opened at the SAI Sports Centre, NEHU, Shillong on Friday.
Many of those who practiced magical arts brought their books together and burned them up before everybody" Acts 19:17-2
REST, WEAKNESS OR INABILITY TO CONCENTRATE : Poor functioning of the kidneys can lead to accumulation of waste products and impurity in the blood.
Jyrwa said Meghalaya, Assam and Tripura are the closest states to Bangladesh and the government's bill has put the people of these states at risk. that the natives in these states are about to become minorities.
Jowai, Lber 31: The office of the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association, Jowai will hold the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet, Jowai.
On the X, the Prime Minister wrote, “Deeply saddened by the news related to the helicopter of President Raisi today.
One member of the GHSMC, who was blind, was released by the court.
On the same day, the CEM was witnessed by the Magistrate and Police of Ri Bhoi, accompanied by leaders and members of the KSU and HNYF from Ri Bhoi.
Mawkyrwat Police Station is investigating the writer of the letter for further investigation.
He added that these MLAs can contest elections from any party but the party will continue to prepare for the elections from these constituencies.
We are still waiting for all the political parties to send their views,” said Kong Ampareen. She said that the Committee has not been able to hold a meeting yet because many political parties have not been able to hold a meeting. submitted any comments but only one political party sent a comment regarding the use of a word in the Roster.
Shillong: The Nongdawah Youth Association (NYK) in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra (NYK) Shillong has organized an awareness program on 28-02-2020 at Nongdawah School, Mawryngkneng.
On All Souls' Day, the people remembered and prayed for their deceased loved ones to receive eternal peace and now it is moving forward in holiness.
Shillong, November 02: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Union Government has not given a clear answer regarding the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
The HNLC has blamed the incidents of these days on the misconduct of the Congress leaders and the party has said that the government should take responsibility for these incidents of protest. and the violence, which has spread in Ri Hynniewtrep in these days.
Daniel's vision of the last seven years (Daniel 9:27) “And he shall make a firm covenant with many in one day; food offerings; and upon the wings of the destroyer shall come a destroyer, until the end, and that which is appointed, to pour out the wrath upon him that destroyeth.
The Seinraij Mukhla will hold Behdeiñkhlam on the 23rd of this month at Mukhla Nongrim.
“I don't blame, I don't condemn, I will take my part, I will go on the 27th and see what explanation they need me to explain, until now I don't know what to explain,” said the CEM. “I will clarify what he wants me to clarify on the 27th,” said Bah Nongrum. “I stand in the truth, I will stand in the truth,” said Bah Nongrum. the principle which he stated as appeared in the newspapers.
And he said, “Please don't force me on this because I haven't been able to inform anyone until I get the approval from the national president of the NPP. this.
Elderly voters over 80 years of age and those with disabilities have started casting their votes in Sohiong constituency for the election of a new MLA.
The newly participating village is Panaliar.
It is an act that shows the incompetence of this prime minister.
The trade and production of dewbilat from this state is not the responsibility of the Government.
Nongstoiñ, June 23: The Kyrshai Area Unit (FKJGP) has demanded that the MDA government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, should upgrade the Kyrshai Sub-Health Center to Public. Health Center (PHC).
The Congress has set a deadline of 31st March for the candidates to submit their nomination papers but it is learned that the Congress from Pynursla has not yet submitted the names of its candidates. .
When they already have knowledge, they can speak in front of many.
Shillong: The Joint Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL), Kong T.Pyngrope, will soon close down those deficit schools which have not been able to provide the results and send them on time according to the The request of the office has caused the delay in the salaries and arrears of the teachers.
Yadav's move came after Prime Minister Narendra Modi directed the ministers to visit the schemes implemented by the central government to see if they are really working. to benefit the people of the country.
They introduce laws and regulations, ways and means to build and raise the status of society.
The registration centers have been set up in the blocks of Umling, Umsning, Jirang and Bhoirymbong.
After beating him, they also robbed him of T.41,000 tyngka.
Police have arrested Bah Dapoiwanmi today.
With the agreement of both the families, Ksan went to live with the woman.
The VPP does not teach that the MLA should provide medicines to the people but to provide hospitals with good medicines.
Lanosha said. While they were walking on the road, they heard someone calling, “Thei thei.
After investigating all the facts, the union found that the owner of Marba Hub has contributed many good deeds for the betterment of the state and especially for the nation. he worked hard without desiring glory.
After this, the Prebytery appointed a Sub Committee to prepare all the requirements.
Alexander Lyngdoh won the bronze medal in the 80kg category and Angle Mary Khunsyiem Umlong won the bronze medal in the 60kg women's class.
The PCI has written that it wants Modi to deliver in the Lok Sabha the same speeches as he made in Syro-Malabar.
The shortcoming of this rich man is not wealth, not rank, not religious teachings, but greed, selfishness, he is one of the 1% of the population who have lost all their wealth. and who commit crimes that terrorize their fellow men.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The Supreme Court's deadline for the dewbilat factories to provide their waste disposal facilities has expired on 22nd June The Control Board has not taken any decision on the issue, said a statement by Sajay Laloo, who has appealed to the Supreme Court against the dumping of waste from coal factories into the rivers in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday held a special meeting with Bah PR Marwein, Chairman of the Employment Department of the Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP). The MPSC, Shillong, at its headquarters in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
Mareta West, which is a NASA employee, will go to the moon, where its spacecraft will be placed on the moon.
James PK Sangma said the loss of MeECL is also that the Congress government in the past, did not help the corporation to pay the terminal benefit which amounted to T.844 crore. she had to pay this money herself to the workers.
Boris, Mawliehbah Mawnar, was abducted from his residence on the night of 6th November 2020, and was taken to the house of his sister-in-law, Sildaris Marngar before being buried alive. and he went to a place known as Pordidoh.
Shillong: Four new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Shillong, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on his Facebook page today.
The most common diseases that have spread in the area since the factories came into being are chronic bronchitis, asthma, emphysema, lung cancer, pneumonia, tuberculosis, shortness of breath, cough, wheezing, seizures, chest pain, irregular heartbeat, swelling. in your leg and feet, high B.P, eye irritation, skin allergies, anxiety, fatigue, heart burn/indigestion.
Shillong: The film 'Ka Juk' which is being screened at Bijou Cinema Hall Shillong, is one of the most popular Khasi films. Due to the demand and turnout of the audience who wanted to watch the film, the screening had to continue.
Preeti said that it will be different in this competition as there will be training through dress code on the importance of the vote of every citizen of Meghalaya.
Earlier in the month, the Joint Inspection Team (JIT) set up by the Supreme Court had announced that about 50% of the nine dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills are forests.
Bah RM ShabongThe introduction of the CAB in the country has shocked many political leaders, civil society leaders and the public and the reason is that they are sure that it will come out. another Umpling, which was invaded by foreigners.
The closing date for receipt of entries is 26th February 2021 at 3:00 pm.
Meanwhile, Agnes Kharshiing, together with a member of the group, were on their way to Sohshrieh with the driver of the vehicle. The owners of the coal mines and the truck drivers, have caused the owners of the coal mines and the truck drivers to stop and as soon as they come back, they block the gypsies and trucks and as soon as the vehicle stops. , they arrested Agnes, where they shot and bombed her and her friend on the road.
However, until now, the relief measures have not been implemented.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Renolricky Iawphñiaw, Sports Secretary KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, followed by short speeches by Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. Nongpoh, Nailar 28: The District Sports Officer Ri-Bhoi District today organized the Mawpointt tournament for schools. Six schools from Nongpoh area took part in the National Sports Day at NSCA Pahamsyiem Ground.
For the 400 meter road, the PCI is preparing to seek assistance from the government.
Leaders -: When we say leaders we mean more leaders (MP/MLA/MDC) but others are also leaders like Pastors, Fathers and others.
The Sein Raij Chyrmang is perhaps the smallest Sein Raij as it has only two villages except the Sein Raij Mukhla.
The NDRF and Navy have rushed into the crematorium with safety equipment, boats, plastic bags and recovered one body of 15 people buried alive inside the crematorium from the sudden flooding since November , 2018.
The remaining 8,15,386.635 MT of coal will be auctioned according to the schedule.
Not only Bah George, there are also candidates who intend to contest the elections to be held in 6-7 months, who have now talked to various political parties, to apply for tickets and join.
Laloo said that any new clubs who wish to join the WJHDSA can register their club names until the 31st of this month.
Tourism, when we talk about our State Meghalaya, is no longer new, but old.
Shaiborlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang is one of the youngest referees in the tournament and Mordekai S.Kharpuri is the coach who led the team to the tournament in Punjab.
In the incident, a Mahindra Max Tourist (ML06 A 3026) carrying nine passengers was damaged in the landslide.
The aim of this is to strengthen the livestock industry to meet the meat needs of the state which is still very low.
The Seng said that the Prime Minister has promised that the NCERT books will also be included in the state, but this shows that there will be a problem whether it can be done or not.
HUCC scored 189 runs in 20 overs.
Conrad Sangma has promised in the Legislative Assembly that the government will implement the Entry and Exit Point but it will be tried only in one or two places where there is a higher number of people and vehicles. voltage of Traffic Flow).
“I urge the government to take care of this factory, because the workers have been working without salary and I don't like that the government will save it by handing it over to private companies through joint venture,” he said.
The Working President of KHNAM said that the mining of rocks, dewbilat factories and companies have made our state lagging behind. The CAG report found that 28 out of 31 water wells have been destroyed and are no longer suitable for drinking.
He also announced in Shillong that the Khasi, Niamtre and Songsarek religions (the indigenous religions of the Garo) belong to Hinduism and the Christians who came from these indigenous religions are Hindus.
From the house of Samla Purningstar Shabong, he said that this behavior of Water Resources is very corrupt and the union will soon seek clarification from the relevant office. The office has not been able to provide sufficient information, the union will demand that the government should punish those involved in this torti.
At the start of the second half, PFR Football Academy scored another goal against Meghalaya Santosh Trophy Team and before the end of the second half, PFR Football Academy scored two goals and the match ended. They scored 3 to 3 goals.
The Club would also like to thank the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the former Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for being the main reason for getting this stadium.
In this regard, Bah Sanbor demanded that the government should first appoint these 220 nurses who are not qualified and who have served for about 3 years in various hospitals and After that, he said that the government will call again with a special announcement for the filling of the highest number of posts as was done for the first batch of these nurses.
He said that the smallest role of the State Government in relation to the examination is in terms of giving advice and informing the university authorities to take action on this issue.
Jowai, Nailur 10: The (L) Keslieoy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The incident led to the burning of a skum kba in the area and some members of the KSU, who wanted to burn down a house.
Shillong, November 06 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday urged the companies to inform the district authorities if anyone comes to inspect or interfere with the construction of their projects. which projects are not developed in the state.
He cited Bihar and Jharkhand, where these states are rich in land resources, but the people do not own them at all. and if the Prime Minister continues to force, perhaps he has the same intention to level Meghalaya with Bihar and Jharkhand.
The National Revolutionary Front (NRFM) on Tuesday admitted its involvement in the killing of two drug traffickers in two areas of Manipur. the state.
bin-pa-bin: you can't speak to your choice.
The new office of HANM is the Nongrim Jirang Unit and at the meeting held today, the President, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani came to swear in the leaders and leaders of HANM. The new members of the Nongrim Jirang Unit before taking part in becoming full members of the party to fight for the people of the Jirang area.
Or we can use it by throwing away this waste and then covering it with soil.
Nongpoh: U Bah Raynold Dkhar, General Secretary of the RBYF Mawhati Circle, today sent a statement to the media to express his deep sorrow over the non-functioning of the Umsohlait Police Station. The Police Station was opened for 10 years.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday urged the government authorities to act according to the law to punish those who oppose the burning of Dr. Sailo.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Khmer Women's Association (KKHA) has arrested a foreigner for robbing a woman of selling brut near SBI, Motphran. bother.
Fourteen cases were reported from Anjalee, Goenka Compound and one from Shillong Times Office.
In response, the state said that this work has been done to speed up the work especially when the contractors in the area do not have the ability to take on more work and complete it in a shorter period of time.
The chief guest of the event will be Bah Eldie N. Lyngdoh General Secretary of FKJGP Sengkmie and Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang, Vice President of FKJGP Sengkmie and Bah Tamdor Nadong will be the guest of honour.
Earlier on Tuesday, there were 57,683 cases.
Shillong: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, has expressed his ignorance over the filing of a PIL by a man from Assam on PIL No. /2019 regarding the purchase of land by BSF troops in Nagrabill, Pilangku A, Pilangku B belonging to Bah Dielang Chirup Law which covers an area of ​​7,413 acres. “Regarding the PIL filed by the Assamese, the CEM KHADC said that he had not received any information that there was such a thing, but he said that the PIL was filed by the Assamese. “The KHADC will not issue NOC to sell land to any military force,” said the President of the KHADC, Bah Aiborsing Iawphniaw. The CEM of KHADC today at his office.
Referring to the rnga pathar on this hill, it is very important that it is the duty of the Syiem of Myrïaw Hima and his dorbar to discuss this issue.
,,I don't have any2
“As a leader, I always ban only privately owned commercial vehicles.
Members of the HYC have arrested these foreigners at the Toll Gate at Pahammawlein 20Mer, after receiving information that these foreigners had entered the state without any documents. pages are available.
“The state has been gradually being occupied by Assam and during the tenure of Chief Minister DD Lapang in 1987, it also occupied the land in Pillangkata Ri Bhoi District,” he said. said.
Dr. Batkupar Suting, Medical Officer, Zonal Hub Laitumkhrah, said that at the beginning of the teleconsultation, there were only 5 to 10 people who were trained. The service now has about 50 to 60 people who have to be trained.
Shillong, July 5: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) will be the worst performing party in the 2023 MLA elections.
Just by expecting them to play well, it is impossible to say that they didn't play well,” said Kamal, who last played in Shillong in
The Government should take all necessary measures to ensure that all households in the State should have fire extinguishers.
Regarding the boundary, Ardent said the District Council has already known the boundary between the Hima Mawsynram and the Dwara Nongtyrnem Sirdarship on the border of these two villages. There is a record of it, but what remains now is that soon in the next few days after the weather permits, the KHADC will go down to strengthen the border between the two countries.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: In an effort to bring music as a force for change, the National AIDS Control Organization (NACO) and MACS Shillong will once again hold a music festival in Shillong. The Red Ribbon Superstar Meghalaya Icon 2023 has been announced.
The JSU Syndai Unit said that this is part of the demand for ILP and also the silence of the Union Home Minister of the Union Government to implement the ILP in the state.
“Earlier, NESO had sent a petition to the Supreme Court on November 19, 2019 against the implementation of the CAA,
“What are you doing?” he asked. “I'm on Saturday.” She replied. “What Saturday?” he asked. “Jain khun” she replied with a smile. “Let me put the child who is not yet 5 years old,” he said and put down the phone. “Bah sha Rynjah,” asked one of the passengers. “Kiew?” he replied. Hiram's thoughts were stirring, especially when he remembered the words of his mother.
Meghalaya, which relies heavily on foreign imports, has been severely affected not only by the piat but also by the increase in the price of food and beverages.
The VPP MLA from Mawlai said this after Syllaikariah village vowed not to take part in the election because the government has not suitñiew village because it has not built a road since The PHE department has come to install water pipes.
According to the Minister, the reason for the delay may be due to the lack of land for the Block Office.
“I am happy that we have fought from the same party and we don't need to raise two flags in the same house like what happened in 2013,” she said.
“To eradicate such crimes, it is necessary to have the cooperation of the village authorities, the residents and the law enforcement agencies,” he said.
The number of cases has risen to 4,584 and the death toll has risen to
“They took us from Mukul's house to Sardar police station and set us up in the hall.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02 : The National President of the BJP Mahila, Vanathi Srinivasan on her two-day visit to Shillong, on Tuesday said that the party allows women to contest various elections especially in the elections. “Compared to other parties, the BJP has allowed women to contest in various elections whether in the MP elections or in the Legislative Assemblies,” he said. The BJP leader said this while talking to media in Shillong on Tuesday.
In memory of Rev. Peter Schiavon, the parishioners and the Parish Council will erect a statue in the grounds of the church.
In fact, according to the rules of YHAI, an election was held to elect new office bearers, but as no others had filed their nominations to contest against these posts, those who filed their nominations won easily. unrivaled now the road.
Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, spokesperson of FASTOM, said that the reason why the teachers are forced to take this step is because of the government's lack of attention to them.
November 01: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held a video conferencing meeting with the beneficiaries of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra.
She said that the most shocking and shocking thing is the breaking of huggies for children.
According to the information gathered from the elders, the Mawrie Kur originated from the Marai Krem at Nongkrem together with the Pahsyntiew Kur Syiems who are now ruling the Khyrim and Mylliem Hima.
When God created man, God said, “Let us make man in our image, after our likeness” (Genesis 1:26).
Nongpoh: U Bartan Marak, of Garrogoan Udalgiri, Assam, who was tied and bombed by a mob at a place in MIDC Umiam, has passed away at 4 pm today. He was admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Speaking at the launch of the vehicle, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh said that the government should introduce a law to collect tax on goods imported from outside the state including vehicles. who has been sent out of the state.
Briefing on the development projects in East Garo Hills, he said that the T.25 crore project for the construction of the road in Williamnagar is progressing.
Abhishek Chamoli and Sachin Sarjerao Khilari were the country's leaders in the tournament who won the gold medal in the Sum ki Kawang. men in F53-54 and also in Shot-Putt in F38-4
When he came, we didn't know whether he brought weapons of war or just weapons to steal.
The Seng, therefore, through this statement, requests and expects all the citizens of the country to join in this festival and to come out with male and female dancers in their full costumes. “It is not a good idea to proclaim the glory of the country,” said Rgh. Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie.
Marcus Rashford and Jordan Henderson were not included in Gareth Southgate's 33-man squad for England at Euro
“We must not forget that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has paid special attention to this region in order to provide peace to the people living in parts of the country,” Chakraborty said.
Why do I say that because if we can't stop a foreigner from entering our state for one day during this lockdown, we won't have another chance.
On the other hand, the President, Bah Wanshwa Suting, said that if the Land Custom Station is successful in the district, it will help to improve the income of the people of the area as well as those who live in the district. East Jaintia Hills District is rich in mineral resources such as Bangladesh, as everyone knows that East Jaintia Hills District is rich in mineral resources such as Bangladesh. If the Land Custom Station can be implemented as soon as possible, it will be more convenient and helpful for the buyers and at the same time it will also help to improve the income of the people.
Rescue teams have been deployed to the area and the search is ongoing.
At the end of the match, Altaf of Rising CC was awarded the Man of the Match for 29 runs and four wickets in four overs.
The increasing power outage in Mawshynrut area has caused a lot of trouble not only to the school children, the residents especially those in the rural areas and even to the contractors who use electricity.
The Government of Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) together with various political parties has decided to set up a Committee on the Roster System to clarify the roster system. They have already presented their explanations at a meeting with political parties at the Secretariat on Tuesday.
The arrested include Probitdro A Sangma (35) of Rombagre, Dipit Ch Marak (30) of Najing Bazaar, Tura, Pillington Ch Marak (@Rakcheng of Chiading in EGH), Dunia K Sangma (30). Prewin R Sangma (Walnang, 35 of Chokpot, SGH), Rakseng Ch Marak (33) of Rongsak, Williamnagar PS, EGH and Bandi Ch Sangma of Asibra in Tura.
“Now that the process of dialogue has begun, I am pleased to say that there should be a joint response to this issue, and we are waiting for the issues to be brought to the dialogue table,” he said. said.
Speaking on the occasion, Dolly expressed her indescribable happiness to have the opportunity to be the host of the award ceremony.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that he has already lodged a complaint against a man who escaped from the Civil Hospital Shillong.
What I have seen or written is only a very small part.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The CSWO has urged the court not to grant bail to two murderers who have tried to apply for bail.
He also congratulated the Ministry of Social Welfare for announcing the Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) on July 27, 2023 with the goal of making the state a free state. from drugs," and said, “it is a necessary policy, without fail, with the goal of eradicating the drug addiction and making the state drug-free.
“As requested, the Secretary of Mining and Geology, Government of Meghalaya and the Director of Mineral Resources, Government of Meghalaya, although they visited these rivers on 05/O9/2023 to verify the M/S Trinity International on the number of coal mines and coal mines that have been abandoned, but have not been able to conduct an inspection due to the heavy rainfall.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Dorbar, Dr W Kharshiing.
On the other hand, the organizers have honored these two guests on the opening day of the tournament.
“We are acting according to the order of the court and according to the law,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The School Week was inaugurated by Dr. DD Lapang, MLA Nongpoh Constituency as the Chief Guest and Bah D.Khongsdir DSEO Ri Bhoi as the Chief Guest. MPCC General Secretary Mayraldborn Syiem, MC Deka, Alias ​​Malai, Bistocan Timung, Head Master of the school, Rangbah Shnong, teachers, students and others. grandmother grandfather.
He said the people of Nagaland have rejected the allegation that the BJP is an anti-Christian party as they recently elected Phangnon Konyak as BJP MP to the Rajya Sabha.
“We open the door to anyone if they come with a letter,” said Bah Adelbert.
Prof.B.Panda, NEHU Finance Officer was also present as the chief guest and had the opportunity to distribute the prizes to the winners.
I want more detailed questions!!
This is according to information received from Blik Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
The Waheh Chnong of Muthlongrim, Emhi congratulated the leaders and members of Sarot I Man who have the spirit of giving and helping the people in need.
The moonlighting will be for the sake of society, for the sake of mankind,” said Pradhan.
Teilinia Thangkhiew, Teinwell Dkhar and Adelbert Nongrum will be the members.
The audition is free of charge and will be paid only if you are selected for the semi final round which is 1000 tyngka for soloists and 2000 tyngka for doubles and groups.
If the blood pressure (BP) rises above the normal level, it is a condition known as hypertension or high blood pressure. iaw old and happy.
Shillong: The Mynso Presbyterian Church in collaboration with the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, will hold the Jaintia Festival of Peace in Mynso on the 17th and 18th of November
The biggest of these was the 5th Meghalaya Games which was held in Tura for the first time, with the participation of more than 3,000 athletes in 22 sporting disciplines.
Hundreds of youths from various schools including private clubs attended the event in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing Working President of MSOA, Bah Boby L. DSO of Ri-Bhoi, Ian Campbell, a retired Australian Olympic athlete, led the selection of these talented men and women.
Shillong: Three new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and one in Ri Boi, as of 11 pm today. .
Many of those present at the meeting were deeply moved by these words of Ms Roshan and congratulated her for her service to the constituency in the past many years.
In this regard, KSU Langkynma has appealed to CEDistribution Bah Passah to take action against MeECL. Shillong, Naitung: The State Urban Development Department is ready to issue slips or coupons to bus passengers when there is no space to ride the bus.
"If you listen, you can't do it..." said Sandra and went into the house. "If you can control your thylliej, it will help you a lot, mother," said the father.
The inspection was conducted by the District authorities, including Kong FM Lakiang, EAC Ri Bhoi and Police led by Bah VDS Rymbai, DSP Ri Bhoi, CI Nongpoh Police Station and other police officers.
“In June, people from Assam, including a Khasi school teacher in Assam who is a BLO, came to register their names for the NRC at Umwang, Sabuda,” he said. said Bah Sohtun.
The defeat to Espanyol is one of the saddest things that the club has faced in its fight against relegation.
People or buyers who passed by the market were surprised to see the foreigner dressed and acting strangely at the time he offered to sell these drugs.
The father of Walinda Binong, who died suddenly in Rajasthan, on Sunday said that he does not accept that his daughter, who is intelligent, brave and knowledge, it shall take away thy own life.
ATM, EPIC, Pan Card, please contact us at
“Surprisingly, there is nothing on the part of the Ministry of Agriculture to refund this money when the company has not shown any signs that it is ready to do the job,” said the Secretary of the Assembly.
The SP said that Sohan and other GNLA members managed to escape as it was raining heavily this morning in the forested area.
Michael said that the meeting with the Prime Minister was to remind the Prime Minister of what they have been demanding since 8, 9 years ago and if the government does not listen, the Federation will take a strong step. Michael said that although the prime minister has not promised, he has confirmed to consider these demands.
Therefore, avoid using them as much as possible to get many benefits and especially to get a healthy body.
Six people lost their lives and several others were injured in the incident.
Those who practice demons, murderers, idolaters, those who love and make lies – will be thrown into the lake of fire.
The ANVC(B) also admitted that five other GNLA members had invaded the Gandigri village area to kill civilians and intimidate the security forces in these areas.
After three and a half years (3 1⁄2 years) when Satan has finished ruling this world, he will be arrested and imprisoned for 1000 years.
However, as time went by, there was a need for a medium that could be the source of all these needs and that was money.
Ajay Bhatt, Minister of State for Home Affairs, has also tested positive for covid-19 today and has shown symptoms of the virus and is currently undergoing home quarantine. said the news.
When you arrive today in Tura, the township and the streets have covered with beautiful colors after banners or posters, large and small, have been carried on all the streets to show the sign of the city. is ready to host and hold this major sporting event in the State and to run smoothly.
Conrad also congratulated Professor David Syiemlieh and his team for producing the beautiful book, entitled Coffee Table Book on Meghalaya@50, which showcases various events in Meghalaya.
“The Supreme Court and other courts have emphasized that the right to a dignified life is an inalienable right to land,” the HPC said. they shall also be sufficient.
Other referees and judges are Bah A.Sun as Technical Commissioner, Pynsuklang Sumer, International Referee & Judges, Paul Ronghang, Aiborlang Syngkli, Dauni Nongrum and Elizabeth Marten as National. Referees & Judges.
Dr Mukul said he has the strong hope that in 2023 the All India Trinamool Congress will come to power.
Part of the Shella constituency is in Nongshken constituency with 4000 votes and 25 thousand votes are in Shella constituency. “I am confident of winning this election because the majority of votes are in Shella constituency and I am also a strong MDC”.
At present, the Khasi are lagging behind and do not pass these examinations conducted by the UPSC every year to reach the rank of officer of the Government of India.
Shillong, Nailar 11: Former Bhalang Leader and Congress candidate from Mawlai, Bah Marbud Dkhar on Friday went to the Assistant Commissioner of FSSAI to seek clarification on the order issued to suspend the 50 % of the meat shops around the village roads so that the meat will no longer be seen by the passers-by.
The statement also mentioned the shortcomings in the public information system for these activities and should be properly informed.
It currently has 4 sub centers and a total population of 32,5
Honorary General Secretary Lammat OO Laloo said that the prize money for the winners of the doubles is T.20,000 for the first place and T.10,000 for the second place.
“ Unquote The Governor also humbly replied – Quote “I have decided to allow the KHADC to function according to its authority, not to interfere in its affairs.
The meeting was held after the Meghalaya High Court issued an order to abolish the powers and authority of Rangbah Shnongs in the state.
At the end of the match, Avinash was named Player of the Match, while Ayushman received the award after his bowling performance.
“I don't remember that in our childhood such things would appear in the media especially in the West,” she said.
The BDO of Rambrai Block, Bah S Marweiñ, who was the chief guest at the programme, in his speech to the school children, ASHA workers, Anganwadi workers and the people of Rambrai area, urged Everyone, especially the school children, should not get involved in drugs because drugs give only temporary happiness because otherwise only problems will come to their lives.
The meeting was led by JSU Syndai General Secretary Heiplanmiki Tariang, Assistant General Secretary Banteilang Suliang and others.
“During the second meeting, the village leaders of Ratachera, Malidor and Ampardit Village in Umkiang were met and there was also a meeting between the Chairman of the Regional Committee from the state and the Minister from Assam. Ratachera and after this the Regional Committee will meet again in Guwahati and this time the Regional Committee will hold another meeting on Friday in Shillong to discuss before the Committee submits its report. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Rymbui.
Because as it turns out, our women have become poor.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem said the Governor has been urged to direct the state government on the need to conduct an inquiry into all the universities in the state.
Jowai, Nailar 24: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Central Body has once again appointed its new office bearers for the term 2014 to
He said that the party has just received the invitation letter to the meeting today and as the party we cannot meet to discuss within the party before attending the meeting so the UDP will not. “I will attend the meeting tomorrow and decide to ask for time from the government,” he added.
Other leaders of the party including Sapford N Sangma, West GH District Coordinator; Ajay Marak, South Tura Block President, Chenny Tasha D.Marak, General Secretary and Stephen Sangma, Joint Secretary for South Tura.
Katlicherra MLA Suzam Uddin Laskar personally visited the area and asked Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma to take immediate action to resolve the dispute with Mizoram.
The village has decided not to recognize these 75 households if they cannot accept them according to the village law,” he said.
The statement also recalled that Sqay, one of the martial arts, has been included in the list of the National Games to be held in Goa along with five other new sports.
The Rally Against Tobacco was held for school children from Lower Primary, Upper Primary, Secondary to Higher Secondary School from June to 19th June
When asked why the Committee did not visit Nongbah Jynrin, Bah SK Sunn said that the Committee has divided into two groups, one group to meet with the people in Wahkaji, while the other group has been divided into two groups. Another team will leave for Nongbah Jynrin together with AMD officials to inspect the situation and conduct a thorough investigation.
What has she done in all these 5 years? It's too late to hold those kinds of festivals just to get pla! Where do we work in the State? Unemployed youths are scattered around the country but jobs in various offices are available in thousands but this government does not employ many youths looking for jobs and why does it focus too much on contract jobs or doing business in departments? Do you have a contract with the Minister? This government is using small name schemes to deceive and mislead the people that the elections are near !The Khadar rule has been covered with the synrum of corruption because there is no place for God The Legislature shall be appointed by the Assembly or the Secretariat of the State.
He said that strict action should be taken against the contractors for the delay in the construction of the road from Umtyngar to Sohra.
During the visit to Moojem, a talk was held between the KSU leaders, the Karbi leaders from Moothade in the presence of the Assam Police.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said, “All the residents of Sohiong came to ask me for advice on whom to support but I said I cannot advise them whom to support. This is very wrong, unfounded and as a party we cannot support anyone and it is misleading the people, why do you want the support of Bah Ardent when you refused to accept the proposal from the beginning".
These paintings were created and produced by the Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
According to the information of the union, 'temporary workers' can be appointed only temporarily, until they can be appointed full time but here it is slow, without appointment anymore, according to the rules and regulations. bring trouble to many churches.
He added that the nation needs to turn to God for answers and protection from disasters.
Shillong: The Secretary of the Harijan Panchayat Committee, Gurjit Singh, on Tuesday said that they have received information that the Government intends to demolish the places of worship of the people living in Them Metor. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has warned that the Government should not affect the Gurd Wara, Hindu Temple, a church and a school in the Metor area. Guru Nanak's forest.
Those who have received Aadhaar for the above reasons, if they wish, may withdraw from Aadhaar.
They also demanded the protection of the indigenous peoples of the North East as stipulated by the Constitution and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights of the UN. clear and direct information, before any bills are approved.
District Secretary MBS&G in the presence of S.Tariang, District Commissioner Guides as the chief guest, Hopeful Khongstia, District Treasurer MBS&G, Rovers-Rangers, Scout Master and other Guide Captains.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 02: As part of the Government's efforts to build proper sports grounds in the rural areas, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the stadium. Artificial Turf at Riangdo Square, West Khasi Hills District.
When asked whether he will take to the Cabinet meeting whether the project has been successful or not, Bah Hek said, “I am not saying that it has not been successful but there are those that we have won and there are those that we have not yet succeeded. reach the target, because it depends on the projects they continue to offer to the farmers".
In the women's category of 35 to 45 years old, Aibistreslin, Deepti Guung and Judensha Kharkongor, while in the men's category, Jomsingstar Ramsiej, Tlangding Wahlang and NP Singh came first. .
Jowai, July 2: U Dawan Baangmi Khariah, son of Waniroy Khariah, Nongjngi, has died after drowning in a well. They are located near the quarter of the SP office in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Nosmi Hahshah, Panel Lawyer, District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), South West Khasi Hills District, on the other hand, spoke on various rules and regulations laid down by the government regarding the protection of the rights of women. May 17th.
He said that vehicle accidents are not only due to the negligence of drivers but sometimes due to the condition of the road and other reasons.
In 2023-24, the payment of debt will be T.1,110 crore and the payment of pension will be T.1,469 crore.
On the terms of the tender allegedly violated during the implementation of the project, the Minister said that UPRNN Ltd has sub contracted only a few percent of the work to other companies.
Some of the patterns of violation of the MCC observed in the last elections are as followsUse of inappropriate language against spokespersons of other political partiesFalse, unclear allegations , unconfirmed, false,Sweeping statements that there will be punishment from God / self-righteousness,Use of social media posts that insult othersShow social media posts in an inappropriate manner and truth by intentionally spreading misleading or providing false information.
Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Khliehriat HSS and KB Memorial Secondary School have become the winners of the District Level Inter-School Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer, East Jaintia Hills District.
Since 1868 they have increased.
Many young men from the village and neighboring villages marry when they are old enough and are more likely to divorce.
For the BJP, the country comes first and works hard to benefit the people.
At the same time, he said that he wants as the new leader to address many issues affecting the state and the nation such as the Roster, ILP and UCC. 3422 votes for Bah Samlin Malngiang, NPP candidate, he admitted that it was the blessings of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, his mother, that he has achieved this glorious victory. public trust.
He said that since 2019 when the school was first destroyed, he has written to government offices such as the office of BDO Ranikor, DMC, DSEO as well as the Chief Minister.
The maximum temperature in Shillong was 19.6 degrees Celsius, the lowest temperature was 9.1 degrees Celsius, Sohra 19.6 and 13.2 degrees Celsius, Umiam 23.6 and 6.6 degrees Celsius respectively.
The decision said that the government will be given 10 days to take action on the demands of the HSPDP, which submitted its demands to the government on 5th July. on the 12th of July.
Various rituals of the “Soo Sngi Le yicaw” were performed by the Lyngdoh, Wasan, Sangoh and others.
The meeting was attended by all the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs including Bah SD Khongwir (Mawlai), Bah JA Lyngdoh (Jaiaw Laitdon), Bah PK Raswai, Bah R. Rumnong (Nongkseh). ), Don War (Mission Compound), C.Passi (Nongrah), H.Syiem (Jaiaw Pdeng) and its office bearers.
Many of the rituals were performed by the head of the religious community, U Longdoh Riblai, with the help of other religious leaders of the Sein Raij.
Nartiang and some neighboring villages in Thadlaskein Block have been severely affected by the cold weather, while Mooshrot in Laskein Block has also been severely affected by the cold weather.
The badminton tournament will be held in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh from the 8th to the 12th of this month.
At Babel God forbade the conquest of one nation or kingdom.
It is not surprising that three years ago the government did not support the Opposition, although there were skilled MLAs like George Lyngdoh, Himalaya Shangpliang, Zenith Sangma and others but this time it has not supported the Opposition. Ardent Basaiawmoit, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Charles Marngar, Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Dr Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope and others who have joined the party. earth.
Those who were sealed were 1,44,000 from the children of Israel.
When asked whether the KHADC's decision to allow the Daju to sit without wearing the Hima uniform, which is against the decision, there is any pressure from any group, the CEM said. , “We shall present the facts in the House, we shall not just tell them”.
However, it is the Assam government, through its selfishness and selfishness, which has delayed the demarcation process, because by that selfishness, it will be able to cross the border into Meghalaya.
This was announced by Bah SS Rynjah, Secretary KJWA Research Cell.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala alleged that Deb had insulted the Sikhs and Jats of Haryana.
In another incident on Tuesday morning, a 9-year-old boy lost his life after drowning in the Umtrew River in Amtola village. the Byrnihat area which is still part of Assam.
Daniel explained King Nebuchadnezzar's dream.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has dumped the garbage collected from households at the Marten garbage dump at Marten, Mawlai Mawiong without separating the rotten and non-rotten garbage.
Before the start of the treatment, an opening ceremony was held in the presence of Bah Wiston Sohtun, Secretary of the Dorbar Pyllun of Pomlakrai, Bah A.Nongkhlaw, Rangbah Shnong of Liewlong and others.
Donbok Jana and Shimtihun Marweiñ, the tyngshop, took part in the song.
Jowai, March 18: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
However, this is an unfounded, unfounded teaching, and an unfounded reading or understanding of the Bible.
In another match, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Chyrmang Wah 3-0
The Air Command uses IAF assets such as fighter jets, cargo planes and helicopters along with other surface-to-air weapons and support platforms to ensure air security in the region. east.
He said that the cemetery at Aradonga Plantation, which belongs to the Baptist Church, has been handed over to the MDC of the area. KP Pangniang to do what is necessary.
There should also be or elected Response Teams, at least 10 teams with their duties.
The fertilizer which became a hot topic ahead of the 2023 MLA elections has now reached the farmers through distributors who have received a license through the State Agriculture Department.
Serbilin Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Hima Nongmynsaw, said that the Hima has nothing to do with the opening of the Block. .
Shillong Lajong will play again on 14th November at home against Sreenidi Deccan from Hyderabad at 2 pm.
In Nartiang, there are four candidates including Helpmi Dhar from Wait, Jomeo Dkhar from Parla, Leeibanki Dkhar from Jingkieng and Salong Lamare. this is the 'Sngi'
The ancient Arab countries and region include the present-day Middle East Region, and Israel is one of them.
He said that the coal mining has also caused a loss of income to the councils who should have received their share of revenue from the mineral resources to run the council's activities.
Bashai Rai Dohling is an animation artist at the Government of India in Bombay. Bashai Rai Dohling is an animation artist at the Government of India in Bombay. Bah Mainsing Shanspru is a member of the Directorate of Information & Public Relations, Government of Meghalaya.
“Perhaps there may be a more serious reason for such hostility,” said Kong Syiem, expressing her surprise at the killing of the father by his children which has been a shocking incident. to the society of the society.
Images posted online show heavy Russian damage in the fighting, known as the Battle of Brovary, which is the name of the area north of the capital. Kyiv.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Nongsiej praised the efforts of the Council officers to prepare the almanac which contains the pictures of trees which show the beauty of the Khasi Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 07: The Badminton Association of South West Khasi Hills District today opened the 9th Badminton Tournament of the South West Khasi Hills District. South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Championship 2023' (SWKHDBC) at Mawkyrwat Indoor Stadium, South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking at the opening ceremony at the Mawshun Village Dorbar Hall, Prestone said that the crematorium is a golden opportunity for the villagers to attract tourism in the village.
Therefore, please listen to the explanation of the office bearers of the Seng who understand from A to Y the Aiῆ.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by one of the NYV Block Laitkroh members, Samla Ethylberth Khongrymmai.
To reduce the damage caused by these insects, cover the emerging larvae or insects with a stick or brush, or burn all the branches and dead trees in which these insects infest. have.
Pakistan has reportedly deployed up to 20,000 troops in parts of Gilgit Baltistan, eastern Ladakh, to strengthen Chinese troops in the area. region.
The total number of cases of covid 19 in Umsamlem has risen to 4 with the confirmation of one man from Umsamlem.
Shillong, March 25: The main number of government ministers before Mukul Sangma are only school children who say “hooid sahep”, said the Rangbah Shnong.
Nongrum said the Water Resources Department of KHADC, which has been established for only two years, does not have proper rules and regulations regarding the pollution of river water.
Regarding the case of influenza or headache in the case of three persons from Rilbong, it was said that they too have not traveled abroad in the past few days and therefore the health authorities are still investigating. look for the source of their illness.
“Therefore, once we have held the Public Hearing and approved the forest clearance and mining plan, which we expect to complete within 20-45 days, we will get permission. to start mining coal with scientific knowledge,” he said.
Ribok Biam, President of the Western Region, said that after the protest, the union will not take this opportunity to demolish the Entry Tax Gate, but they have reached an agreement today. This will be resolved on the 3rd of August.
Of these, about three battalions of CAPF personnel are already in the state, he said, adding that the rest will be deployed according to the plan.
“We have to consider carefully the demands for the development of District in any area, block, sub-division because according to the rules, there should be an agreement so that no problems will arise in the future. There is a clear understanding of the lines drawn in a simple and consensual manner so it is easy to get a district,” he said.
When inquired from the residents and village leaders who charge the entry fee for Khasi women, the answer from them was that the reason why they charged the entrance fee is as follows: to be a full citizen of that community which has gone to follow the Lok and at the same time so that the community will have that responsibility in the affairs of life and death.
“We mourn the loss of precious souls, the destruction of places of worship and educational institutions.
After the first half, Serbia were encouraged by two goals in extra time but Cameroon did not back down and struggled to score three points.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Bah Bindo M Lanong, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), while talking to reporters today, said that the world of the past and the present has changed. Women shall also be entitled to sit in the Dorbar Shnong or the Dorbar Dong.
After investigation, the union found that it was through the issuance of a certificate by the Sordar of the village to Pappu Das confirming that he is the ba lakha and the full owner of the village. and this action of the Sordar of the village is unfounded and threatens the village and the minority community.
“We cannot declare a strike because we have felt sorry for the traffic of the people from small to heavy vehicles on NH
Siddique (not out) scored 21 runs while Punit Bisht (guest professional) scored 205 runs without losing a wicket.
He said that after the elections and when the government is ready to form, people come to give money and Denis said, “People come to give me money, how can I get my name? , who gave T.3 thousand, who gave T.4 thousand, who gave two ana, who gave ten tyngka.
The AICC has sent Wasnik after a strong protest within the party to replace him as the leadership of the state and the report he receives will be submitted to Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi for consideration. do what is necessary.
This book is a collection of information and events from the past that the author has collected and compiled.
In addition, the public is urged to refrain from parking on the 18th and 19th June 2024 in the Polo area.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Bah Batskhem Myrboh said that the VPP expresses its dissatisfaction with the working methods of the MDA 2.0 government in relation to the mining of mineral resources in the state. The Government in its new budget has made it clear that it wants to increase the wealth of only a few who are close to the Government.
When we look at the education system, we see a decline in higher secondary education, where there are only 54,000 students studying in secondary schools. The number of children from the age of 15 to 19 who are still in school is only 4 lakh, but there are only 1 lakh children who are still in school.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Higher and Technical Education, was the chief guest.
Shillong: BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that their wish is to release the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) from the Sixth Scheduled Areas. The Cabinet has decided to release this.
The Dkhars do not hesitate to encounter these injuries and deaths in traffic accidents.
There are 1,877 confirmed cases and 1,392 deaths.
They also believe that the red rice is better than the white rice perhaps because the bran of the red rice is stronger than that of the white rice and this is the symbol of the rice that has a lot of rice. good nutrients for the human body, such as vitamins, protein, fat, phosphorus and other minerals.
Earlier, the union had found at the North East Police Academy (NEPA) that the relevant authorities had gone astray and employed foreigners without trading license from the KHADC for personal gain.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor said, “Besides this CHC, Mawkynrew Constituency will also witness the upgradation of the Health Center in Thynroit to PHC. Sub Centers are located in Laitkyrhong, Nongjrong and Lynshing.
In the midst of the darkness, I hope that the sun will shine on the demands of the teachers at any time.
Mukesh also won bronze medals in the men's recurve team alongside Larilang Lyngdoh, Devraj Mohapatra and Amebalaker Wanniang.
According to the news, the fire broke out at 3:00 pm while the owners of the houses were sleeping. homeowners were able to get out inside the home to avoid injury.
He or she is the leader who paves the way to lead us followers to a better future.
Jowai, July 19: U MLA of Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday inaugurated the M/SSP Restaurant owned by Shibor Pakynteiñ on Ladthadlaboh Road opposite M.S.P. /s K.Rymbai Petrol Pump near Kiang Nangbah Road.
He said 22,000 Hindi teachers have been recruited in five states of the North East.
In the first half, Nongpyndeng took the lead through two goals scored by Hopefull Wanniang in the 17th and 18th minutes. Pyndengrei side struggled to score the first goal but until the end of the first half they didn't have a chance despite having several chances to score.
The ritual Pyneh Rngiew Kiew Lum Sohpet Bneng, reminds us that the Hynniew Trep Hynniewskum people have their own traditional religion, their own thought, their own teachings to earn righteousness, to live. their own morality and to maintain their own larity here on earth.
Shillong: Former Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) General Secretary Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew was shot dead by police on the morning of 13th July 2021 at his residence. ha Mawlai Kynton Massar has shocked the people of the state and at the same time it has angered the people of the state because of the violence of the police who did not follow the law to arrest u when they have any suspicions against him.
Meanwhile, National Treasurer James PK Sangma handed over the report on the party's annual budget for the year 2023-2023, in accordance with Article 23 (v) of the party's constitution.
Nilanki Sten, accompanied by STIEH President Purity Phawa, Joannes Lamare, Secretary Labang Nongphyllut People Council (LNPC), MM Thaiang and others met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. Garod LSN Dykes on Thursday to investigate the incident.
“We are sorry for this because the production of electricity from Umiam has served the state well and when there is any shortage of electricity, it has caused difficulties to the workers because it is a machine that has been overloaded. old and to replace it takes five years to get the authorization to purchase machinery sometimes and this has caused losses," he said.
There is no one from the Syiem of Jaintia Hills who wants to become Syiem of Jaintia Hills or inherit the Syiemship in his place. today today.
Chairman of Ratacherra Village Faires Pohshna in his keynote address said that the competition is part of the encouragement to the villagers to raise and care for the trees and to protect the trees in the forests. you are protected by mariang.
According to the CCIB, the government should erect a signboard from the Zero Point so that the 150 yards will not be lost.
This is the first case filed by Nilberth with the Lokayukta through his lawyer PT Sangma.
Shillong, Lber 23: BJP Leader and MLA from 19 South Shillong Constituency Sanbor Shullai on Saturday said that if Ampareen Lyngdoh and Agatha Sangma win the Lok Sabha MP elections, it is certain that they will win the Lok Sabha MP elections. become Ministers of the Union Government.
Informing about this, Ms Kharshiing said that the farmers who come to sell their produce in the market have to pay to the traders up to 1 kilo for every 10 kilos of their produce and 10 kilos. They are counted from 100 kilos and this is an insult to the farmers.
In anger, the family members, along with 200 others, rushed to the hospital and destroyed the hospital and a doctor, Paribaha Mukhopadhyay, was seriously injured.
These leaders of the HYC, Ri Bhoi Sepngi, include Alfred Lyngdoh as President, Banshan Nongtri as Vice President, Pynsuklang Kharsyntiew as General Secretary and many members of the HYC.
Many times we hear the preaching of many people at churches or funeral homes about the decline in the value of human dignity of the Khasi people.
Because many children under the age of 14 have been involved in marriage and forced labor at a young age when children still need a lot of time to grow up, it is necessary to make them aware of the needs and protections through effective laws.
“Before 2014, there were about 400 medical colleges in the country. In the last eight years, more than 200 new medical colleges have been built across the country.
The residents of the area especially those who own cows have been forced to sleep for fear of the thieves coming anywhere. for.
Lyntiborn Marngar, Team Lead Grassroot, through a power point presentation, explained the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which is related to Article 6, which shows how indigenous peoples own land. (indigenous people) are protected from discrimination, discrimination, how to strengthen their way of life and know their rights.
We are not farsighted or think a lot before doing anything.
Among the dead, four were women and others were seriously injured when the vehicle overturned at Bolmedang near Kharkutta, East Garo Hills at about 11:00 pm.
He concluded by encouraging the writer to continue to publish more collections of poetry.
“I am confident that in the field of education we will see a major change in the coming days under the leadership of the incumbent Minister,” he said.
CIL Northeastern Coalfield General Manager J Borah said the search operation will start after the arrival of equipment and personnel.
She said that about 10-15 minutes after she was here at the restaurant, two people came and drove her out of the place where they were sitting because they said that she was a servant and a woman. Nepali.
“During my tenure, we have initiated many benefit projects to benefit the people in the community.
“I congratulate you all,” said the Prime Minister while addressing the players gathered around him.
These police chiefs of Ri Bhoi District, who left for Korstep yesterday, came after receiving information that there are families in the village, who are facing difficulties due to poverty and lack of food. and the wheat shall be cut down in the house.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 10,77,618, 3,73,379 are still undergoing treatment, 6,77,423 have recovered and 26,816 have died.
On the 6th of this month, the office of the Chief Engineer (Generation), MePGCL, Shillong has issued a Notice to invite Tender for any Contractors or Companies who are qualified in this field for the purpose of Operation and Maintenance. The two power stations of MePGCL, the New Umtru HEP in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District and the Myntdu Leshka HEP in Jaintia Hills.
“However, we are here even though the police have come with the intention of killing Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, they have killed him, but the prime minister cannot even temporarily suspend these policemen. he said, “I am also involved in murder.
Perhaps in every village there should be a Vigilance Committee to monitor the road construction in the villages and villages, so that those contracts will be more efficient.
Manchester City, one of the top clubs, lost 3-2 in the English Premier League on Saturday. Crystal Palace.
“It will not be only within the State but with other parties who have the same demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra,” he said.
On the other hand, the Commander said that he has spoken to the Gram Sevak of Mawkynrew Block and requested him to prepare a proper report so that the affected people can get assistance.
In the afternoon service, Pastor Hynniewta based his talk on the second letter of the Apostle Paul to Timothy 3 verses 1 to 5 which says, 'But know this, that in the last days they wanted to kipor shisha.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has lodged a complaint with the High Court against the five MLAs and MDCs.
Lakshmi, Minister (Textiles), congratulated all those involved in the preparation of the project and expressed the hope that the establishment of this department will be a blessing and benefit to the people. generations to come.
Shillong, March 5: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday said that talks with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) will be held after the Puja holiday. 342 households have been evacuated from Them Metor.
According to a study by scholars of the Khasi language, Prof Radhon Sing Lyngdoh, it has been found that the Amwi language from Riwar Jaintia is the source of the Khasi language, but after the British rule. From abroad, writing and reading in the Khasi language has spread, flourished and spread throughout the state according to the Sohra language.
Robert's remarks came after the HYC leaders met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to demand that the District Council should not give permission to the land. for the purpose of running a railway line through Ri-Bhoi.
We have informed the MEA about this.
The plaintiff may also provide more information regarding these people from Assam who are actually the owners and managers of the coal mining and mining factories operating in Meghalaya.
The program was conducted by KD Sangma, Senior Technical Assistant, P-3 Unit, Rompara.
The state’s share of GDP growth will also increase through the ease of doing business.
“The investigation revealed that the family members of Bah Training Phawa had been shot first and those who were shot there had phoned Bah Training and he too was afraid that something might happen. He also came there to separate those in his house from the beating, but he was beaten himself and to escape that beating and to protect himself and those in his house. “After this, the Training apologized to the Waheh Shnong and said that he didn't mean that the incident would happen. I'm sorry," said the statement.
The group was formed by Shri Prashant Naik, Retd.IAS, Ex Addl.Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya and the members include retired officers of the State Government.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills Ritura Ravi said, “We have taken all measures to expedite the investigation and ensure that it is completed on time. The chargesheet for all these incidents.
This integrated farming method includes cattle, chicken, pigs and fish, and crops such as permanent cropping, jhur, rice and kubi all grown in the same area.
The Achik people should get, as they want, their own separate Garoland or Separate Achik State and we also have our own Khasi or Hynniewtrep State.
Shillong: Police have arrested four robbers for robbing a petrol pump known as Raja Fuel Pump in Pomshutia.
Khliehriat Jymmang 26 : Groups of government employees have started leaving the polling stations since Saturday and 151 groups have left the Head Quarter in Khliehriat to go to the polling stations. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election, which will be held on 27th June
She said that these people used to come to stop vehicles in the vicinity of Bhoi Rymbong market and robbed 40 types of vehicles. “There are many people who have paid T.500, T.1000, T.2000 to the Dkhars,” said Dlan Shylla.
There are still many issues that can affect the EC even a few months before the MLA elections. The EC in KHADC will be affected after the new vote, without doubt the MDCs who won the MLA elections. They will contest again for the post of Minister in the State Government.
This village is the largest Hynniewtrep Pnar village in Assam.
"I'm sorry," said Lamhun and gave her people a kiss.
Khliehriat, June 15: The CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong on the 13th of this month distributed equipment to those who have completed the training. beauticians can start their own business as a source of income to stand on their own feet.
“We are pleased to continue distributing M-Tabs to Class XII students after we stopped in the two years of 2015 and 2016 due to financial difficulties,” he said.
Until now, the State Government has not been willing to arrest anyone who violates the law by increasing the price of goods. The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has issued a statement saying that these shops should be closed down. There are no employees in the Supply Department.
It was found that up to 9 farmland has been damaged in which the synsar has been harvested, cut down and burnt. The farmers alleged that this was done by a group led by the Rangbah. Village.
The house was used as a dining room and kitchen for the students of the Thomas Jones School of Mission and Evangelism (TJSME) of the Presbyterian Church in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Election), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem on 25th July, celebrated the 14th National Voters Day under the theme “Nothing like voting, I vote for sure”. Dr. Abhishek Saini, IAS, SDO (Election) was the chief guest.
The DC said the DC's office is the last to receive information on the certificate of establishment of factories from the CTO and the Single Window Agency (SWA). the government.
S.Ahmed, Sub Inspector of Police, urged the residents to cooperate and support the Police Department in order to address these issues affecting the society. If you have any information or suspicions regarding the drug trafficking and other illegal activities please immediately inform this No-1
Earlier, Dr Mukul Sangma inaugurated the Center of Excellence under the Horticulture Department at Malchapara in Betasing Block.
Molamanoh SC beat Lad Dongwah SC 2-0. Chanki Dkhar scored the goals in the 21st and 30th minutes.
“The accused has been talking to me regularly.
With this victory, the Mariners have reached the semi finals of the tournament.
Shillong: The State Government will step up its efforts to fight against drug trafficking in the State.
In addition, the Dorbar Shnong has appointed several elders, including the Sordar and the family members of the deceased, to meet with Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS Deputy Commissioner. They requested him to take action and inform the law enforcement authorities that they should punish the thief severely.
I think in the government job you will not stay here but you will rise from time to time especially when you have completed your degree,” said the mother in front of the witness.
He said that if there are areas where there is a need to cooperate with other parties, it can be discussed but the goal of the BJP is to contest in all.
In the second half, Langsning struggled to score and in the 74th minute Kitboklang Pale scored the first goal with a header.
Not only that, on 22nd June 2015, the party also met with the BJP President Amit Shah with a petition on the same issue. He asked the party to discuss this with the HRD Minister.
It is understood that this joint effort with the Seng Khasi Kmie is to contribute as much as possible to the needs of the people who are in the midst of suffering and hardship. at such a time, the fourth sign of the coming lyngshop of the disease is the time for them to escape from the threat of death.
A total of 16 teams from all over the South West and East Khasi Hills Districts will participate in the VII Invitation Football Tournament
Islamabad: A soldier who was arrested by Pakistani troops on Tuesday will be released on Tuesday, Prime Minister Imran Khan said today.
Speaking to reporters, it was clear that the minister was not prepared to answer himself, but by his officers and officers of the state government.
He said that this figure is old and there is a need to collect a new figure regarding the number of drug addicts and this will be done by a new survey.
There were four candidates with their symbols, but in the election of the people, Bah Wonderful Khymdeit was elected as the new Rangbah Shnong of the village with 305 votes.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has won 11 MLAs in this election, up from 7 MLAs in recent years to 11 in this election.
President Kovind on Saturday ended the term of the 16th Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the Cabinet of Ministers and appointed Narendra Modi as the new Lok Sabha. u prime minister duh.
It is a shame and a shame for the state to have such “leaders" who do not know where to speak.
After the meeting, a cherry tree planting ceremony was held near the football ground of the Shnong.
Without these skilled assistants, Bah Pala would not have spoken.
When inquired, the SP said that the police have strengthened their security forces in Shillong and across the district.
When the smugglers from Mawpyrthuh village in the Pynursla war zone dressed in a dngiem to eat and destroy their fish, they were arrested and destroyed. shall be imprisoned/imprisoned.
The Pyndenumïong branch is one of the few branches in the Mairang area which has been merged into the Seng Kur Warjri branch after the arrangement was made to take over the lyngkor of the Seng Kur Warjri. local area.
Nongpoh: Assam has announced that it has implemented a lockdown in some parts of Guwahati and all parts of the Meghalaya-Assam border, from Khanapara. From Byrnihat to Khanapara, it was observed that the situation in the area from Byrnihat to Khanapara, has improved and there are no more people opening shops and going out on the streets.
Silver Medalist Anrisha Klein U-16 High jump Gloryfy Kurban,U -20.
“This is not the first time that James, a member of the EC, has spoken against the EC and the CEM, but this is the third or fourth time. “If it's the first time, I can't forgive him, but his statements against him have been from time to time as if he wants to be removed from the post of EM,” he said. let Antonio War.
When we say wise to choose, it doesn't mean that we have to pass high ranks, but we have to look for a wise, intelligent and skilled leader.
The Vice Chancellor said that there should be no rule and if the JAC has any allegation against Prasad, the university is ready to take a decision to dismiss him.
There are two types of videos or films on Youtube, one is free views, but you only get 46% shares from the video and you can check your earning every 12 hours from the youtube studio, but you have Pay per view where the viewer has to pay before watching the video, the success and failure of the videos depends on the quality.
“The MEA team arrived in Port Sudan on INS Teg on June 25, 2023 as part of the implementation efforts.
In the second half, the Board President XI struggled to take the ball forward to score a goal and had 10 chances to score. All these opportunities were lost due to the inability of the players to score.
Speaking to reporters today, Bluebell has expressed its willingness to take part in the meeting by saying that peace and non-insurgency are its goals.
He was a straightforward and honest man, especially in matters of public service.
A man who sells his country sells himself first.
He said the school dropout rate in the state has reached 21 percent and this is a very high figure.
I don't know what to do in the more remote areas of the market.
In the veteran doubles, Bishnu Joshi and Santanu Ghosh beat Ranjan Deb and Biswajit Das Gupta.
Without the internet we can't see the world, is it easier to pass exams? If we don't know the language that everyone speaks, we are the worst.
Every citizen has a major role to play in creating a new, fair and accountable government.
New Delhi: Kiren Rijiju, MP from Arunachal Pradesh, has been removed as Law Minister of India and handed over to him. Department of Earth Sciences.
He said the BJP has set a target of fielding candidates from 30 to 40 constituencies in the upcoming elections.
The General Secretary of the Seiñraij Jowai, Ma Arwotki Sumer, said that the Kñia Pyrthat Stadium was constructed at a cost of T.35 lakh from the fund of the Seiñraij Jowai.
Anjelin competed in the 51 kg category and Banisha in the 55 kg category.
Buses carrying patients to NEIGRIMHS from other States should be allowed to enter the State if they are not infected.
"These are the words spoken by the Lord Jesus when he was offering encouragement to all, from the most sinful to the most righteous, from the sick to the healthy, from the sad to the full of joy. All the people who are alive on earth are responsible.
However, France scored the equalizer in the 117th minute when Mbappe converted from the penalty spot to score a hat-trick.
According to a letter of complaint sent to the Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, they said that the reason why they are opposed to the clinker plant at this place, is on the grounds that it will affect the the environment, the health of the visitors, the people living nearby and especially the living things in the Umiam River.
Speaking by phone, KSU Mawlai Circle Publicity Secretary Bah Donbaklang Sawkmie said that Juliana's speech has affected the dignity of Khasi men who are considered to be strong and powerful. you rishot the nation.
Brighstarwell said that according to those who have been appointed to conduct the examination at NEHU, the capacity of the examination is about 2000 students but the number of students who have come to sit for the examination is The examination at this center is up to 4000 candidates.
Here, in this area you can see rocky bluffs and overhanging cliffs that cover the area along with small valleys that flow alongside these cliffs.
On Tuesday, Bah Lapang left for Ri-Bhoi constituency to open the first parking lot at Mawphru village. Vocational Training of Women under the SRWP Scheme 2013-2014, then he went to open a parking lot specially built for the Synod to be held in the third month of Presbyterian Church, Mawphru, Mawphru, Mathan from BTRRS 2013-2014 under Umling C&RD Block and also donated financial assistance to the church and choir of Mawphru Church.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal of St Thomas, Mrs. B. Palit, said that 44 students from this school have sat for the examination, but only 37 students have passed.
Ronaldo scored the first goal in the first half in two minutes of extra time and then scored the second goal in the second half. .
Priyanka Chopra, Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, has launched her campaign in Uttar Pradesh today after taking over as the General Secretary of the Eastern Region of Uttar Pradesh.
Until now, no Government has introduced such a scheme.
The match tomorrow 20th will be between Caroline Colony and Pynthorlangteiñ at 3 pm.
An employee earning less than T.15,000 per month who is not employed in any employer registered with the Employees' Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) before 1st March, 2020 and does not have Your Universal Account Number or EPF Member Account Number before 1st March, 2020 can be applied for.
“The political parties that support and have links with the BJP are like Judas, they have sold their souls and are still offering to sell their bodies. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Congress spokesperson from Delhi.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 76767 out of which 73236 have recovered and 1325 have died.
However, protein from vegetables is not equal to protein from meat.
“Not only the Opposition, but even the political parties working within the MDA Government including the UDP and the BJP have tried to demand that the Government should appoint an inquiry to find out the differences. the price of implementing Smart Meters and the market price.
The two children of G.Bareh, aged 8 and 12, will be raised by their mother and will also be assisted by the government.
Bah Paul said the lack of Anganwadi Centers in about 1500 villages has been a problem in the implementation of MECDM. in villages which do not yet have Aganwadi Centres.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today was 32.0mm, while yesterday, the rainfall was 20.8mm.
Now, when they are not yet paid, they are not willing to fight against Christians.
The MCTA has demanded the withdrawal of the Notification issued on 12th November, which directed all the Colleges affiliated to NEHU to implement the NEP and return to the old Degree Course.
Rangbah Romeo said that he started making strong aluminum but as the days went by he started making stronger aluminum which is more useful for his friends who buy because it is more durable and they can used from time to time.
Donbok Dkhar said that he will give three days to the government to suspend and if the government does not do so, he said that HITO will take to the streets and they will see what happens. I will come to the bloodshed.
After passing well in the lower grades from the village school, he went on to continue his higher education at the Lutheran Mission School.
On the Congress allegations that the BJP wants to overthrow the Congress government across the states, Kharsati said, “When they are in power, they do the same. Who doesn't want to be like that, politics is like a football game, who doesn't want to protect their own goal or let people score goals”.
The Ultra Run was held as part of the campaign to raise awareness among the public on the importance of protecting the rhinos and was called “Run for the Rhino.
Besides, they are also in the middle of the roads which have been flooded and turned into a thwei bah.
HUCC scored 136 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs.
About 3000 players from all over the districts will take part in the tournament in 23 games to be held at 16 venues in Tura.
“If there is such an illegal activity, they should lodge a complaint not only to accuse, but to bring evidence and witnesses. Police to patrol the dam,” he added.
EJH won the toss and WJH allowed it to tie.
John Priest
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has expressed its deep sorrow and surprise that the police on the morning of the 9th of this month arrested nine members of the National Youth Front (HNYF). They live in Umpling and Nongrah.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has congratulated the Assam government on its decision to provide assistance to journalists in the state.
This was done in the presence of police from Muktapur Outpost.
“There should be no employment or implementation by non-indigenous people and all kinds of jobs should be given only to indigenous people,” said the Seng.
In fact, there is no need to hold elections in the past.
Total badminton players who competed in the tournament were 120 in the categories of girls, boys and youths.
By Josper S Dura, NongshkenExcerpted from the book “Ki Symboh Pyrkhat”
Nongstoiñ, July 27: The officers of the Forest Department of the State have refused to share in front of the traders and smugglers, said the residents of West Khasi Hills.
“The FKJGP as one of the organizations with members across the state which has been serving for more than 33 years, is delighted to see the results of its efforts. The State Government has been postponed since 1972 to revise the Roster System after the order of the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya,” said the Vice President of FKGJP Samla Kitboklang. Developer.
The Umsning MLA has expressed his concern over the continued illegal coal mining.
Therefore, he called for the cooperation of the public to continue to meet the needs of this hospital by urging the management and staff of this hospital to work properly and provide services. and to speak kind words which can be a source of comfort and hope to many precious souls.
Shillong, June 05 : U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, on Tuesday said that the government will not only search military vehicles, but also government and private vehicles. the law shall not apply to them.
This has been witnessed by everyone from the law enforcement agencies and all those who pass through the National Highway 40E. The agenda of us the people of Jarain is against the Dolloi and the Acting Waheh Shnong and Acting Secretary Shnong. .
According to the police chief, the HANM leader was involved in throwing stones and burning down the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads), the office of the Meghalaya Khadi and Village Industries Board and the Fishery Office in Nongstoin on the 23rd of this month. 1st November last year and the office of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary in Nongstoin on 1st March.
This is a household matter and as a state of the North East, we will work to find ways and means to resolve the long-standing issues,” said Sonowal. Meghalaya to find ways to solve the problem.
The Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat on Thursday said that a case has been registered against the persons involved in the intimidation of the police during the public hearing. today, January 24,
During the meeting, Pope John Paul said, “I forgive you from the bottom of my heart, as the head of the Catholic Christians, but I cannot violate or go beyond the laws of the country.
The MDCs supported the KHADC in passing the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873, the KHAD (First Amendment), Bill, Traditional Chiefs and headmen) Rules, 2018, and the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Clan Administration) Bill,
The price of the land and crops will be set by the state government and NEEPCO will provide the money and will not be able to compete.
She said that the way of life of the indigenous peoples plays a role in promoting the country's goals related to the conservation of natural resources and the maintenance of environmental order.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mangkara Khymdeit, who works as a Musteroll in PWD, Mawkyrdep village in Ri Bhoi district, has passed away today at PHC Kyrdem, after suffering serious injuries from a road accident. A bomb blast has been reported in Klew village this morning.
He said that Umlyngka and Nongkseh are the largest villages and they are also facing severe water shortage but now through this project many households will get water in their homes.
Even the Chief Minister of Assam, Dr Himanta Biswa Sarma, has appealed for the need to ban the consumption of meat in Hindu areas.
Speaking to Rupang, Witting said that in relation to the road, the ground has been cleared, which is only the main roads, while on other roads like Riangdo to Athiabari, the ground has been cleared. The ground has been dry since the flood until now, and there is no traffic.
And it will remain so in wonder perhaps because this disease was not caused or created by the disease but by sin that works violently in man or man, sexual immorality, immorality, adultery, fornication, and hundreds or thousands of kinds of evil.
Phule, who is from Uttar Pradesh, accused the BJP of being a racist party.
The RPCH hospital has 30 beds, but they are full.
Nongpoh, July 24: The Auxilium Skills Training Centre, Khapmara, Bhoirymbong today distributed certificates to 29 youths who have completed their training in Domestic Data Entry Operator. MSSDS Shillong and 10 students who have completed the Self-Employed Tailoring course sponsored by the Auxilium Skills Training Centre.
In a statement, STIEH said, “While listening to the voices of our sisters, there is a great desire to meet face to face with our sisters who work by selling their lives”.
The bus was coming from Guwahati and was supposed to reach Hailakandi district, Assam.
Post Name:- Data Entry OperatorNo of posts:- 2 (1+1)Department:- P.H.E.Department/Water Resources DepartmentPay Scale:- Level 7th of Revised Pay Structure.
Later, the era of environmental protection began led by the government through the Forest Department and the Soil and Water Conservation.
This is not the first time that two school children in Katihar district have been shocked to find that money has arrived in their accounts. more than Rs 900 crore.
After investigation, the union has handed over the suspects to the Pynursla Police Station for further investigation.
Nongpoh, March 28: The residents of Western Ri Bhoi District in Ri Bhoi District have demanded the completion of the office of the Block Development Officer of Jirang C&RD Block in Ri Bhoi District which has been waiting for decades. The MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun on Thursday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office. complete of Jirang C&RD Block.
Referring to the BJP's decision to support the NPP, Kharjahrin said, “Let us be clear, they have worked together in Parliament for many years, they have supported the CAB, they have do a lot of things together, and I’m not even surprised that they would have a partnership.
The price of 5 kilos per card in the urban areas and 3 kilos per card in the rural areas will be T.10.50 per kilo.
However, the MLA could not explain what to do to change or renew the reservation.
In the past few months, it has been found that the market has been filled with Khasi songs, which have been played in cassette shops along the road.
The destruction of mineral resources, the felling of trees and shrubs pollutes the environment over time only for the sake of wealth and not for the sake of urgent needs in their lives.
They are looking for reasons, they are trying to explain from the right to the left what is not right. Why do you associate religion with the nation? Why don't you ask for an explanation from the rich people of the world why India is called a Hindu country?
A case has been registered against her under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act and the Foreigners Act at the Special Narcotics Police headquarters.
Superintendent of Tinsukia Police Station, Abhijeet Gurav, said that after receiving a complaint at Doomdooma police station, police conducted a search operation and rescued 10 persons. children from Taksing Basti village in Upper Subansiri District, Arunachal Pradesh.
About 7.6 lakh students from more than fifteen thousand schools across the country participated.
On the other hand, the Secretary of St. Joseph Secondary School, Laitkor, Fr. Devasia, said that music is one of the subjects at the school as culture is very important these days.
D.Rani said that due to the stiffness of the mats, the players have been injured in order to score more points.
According to the FASToM proposal, if the salary of all teachers from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary is increased by T.18,000, the Government will have to spend T.165,67,20,000 crore per annum.
Therefore, to address this, the first step came in 2019 when the Kisan Credit Card was launched to cover farmers who also own livestock.
Shillong: There have been 485 new cases, 506 recoveries and 7 deaths today.
P.C doesn't need anything.
The make up artist is Aisha Suchiang and the song is composed by Mark Syiemlieh and Kyrsoi Hujon.
However, this rynjain is now filled with violence especially against women, children and women as well.
This was announced by the President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who is also the MLA of Nongkren Constituency on 12th July while encouraging and congratulating the 61 youths who completed the training. The security guard is located at the Sub Center Tornado Security Agency owned by Bah Pyndaplang Muksor.
In protest against Amit Shah's visit, the group came out to hold a public rally and a cow meat feast, in which they prepared cow meat offerings. who were not prepared to eat with singing, with dancing, with gladness, with joy, with gladness.
They should think carefully about whether their children will have physical health, mental, mental and spiritual strength.
With the signing of the player, Real Madrid have made him one of the most expensive players of all time. increase now to 30% and more.
There was Sain Langrin who was a priest and a priest who came to visit that house.
In the 40th over, Manipur failed to bat first and scored 90 runs for the loss of all wickets in 25.1 overs.
The award was received by RL Guite, Regional Director (I/c), North East Region, Guwahati from Bhupender Yadav, Hon'ble Minister of Labour, Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Govt.
We drive our own Scooty and that's why we stay offline and don't use any App.
Get help from doctors or family members or friends and think about how to get your children out of the trap of drug abuse.
Shillong, Iaiong 8: Tomorrow, 9th June, is the day when the people of the state with more than 15 lakh people will elect two MPs from among many candidates.
Shillong, June 3: Those who alleged that Bah Vincent Pala supported him in the 2013 MLA election, whether to get ticket or something else, are now behind him to support each other in this election. election MP Lok Sabha 2014.
India is one of the countries that has taken this step.
“If you look at the expenditure, the expenditure is terrible, the money has been spent to appoint Chairman in many government departments where the cost of one chairman reaches lakhs of rupees. “The government has brought in consultancies from abroad at a high cost,” he said.
The United States Declaration of Independence in 1776 was the second part of democracy.
During the workshop, there were many paintings by SoSo Tham, and by photographers from all over the country. especially from the North East and from Shillong.
At the same time, the District authorities together with the TB department have also had the opportunity to provide information to the public through videos on social media.
Most of the residents who have done so are from the villages in Malangkona, Athiabari, Aradonga, Kamphaduli and Kyrshai.
"She called him. Bahnah came out to greet Linda.
He said that in fact, the Sirdar of KHADC should have explained the reasons for the suspension, but what is surprising is that he has not accepted it. The letter of suspension and without disclosing the reasons for the suspension, he said.
“But on the 2nd we will shake hands,” he said, adding that Shillong North has started to shake and therefore they hope that the residents of the constituency will come out on the 27th to give their hands. support the party.
Shillong, July 19: Mawlai MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang and Dr. Ricky Syngkon have been involved in a dispute over the refusal of Magistrates to turn to the Secretariat. Bright and the Police.
“Therefore, I cannot help but demand that this Rangbah should prove clearly that I did not say these words during the mid-term elections to the KHADC. .Six months after the election on 16.12.2016 is exactly on 16.1.2017 which means that I should have resigned from the post of MDC because I have not fulfilled what I promised”.
The polling will be held tomorrow at 11am.
It is when there are so many such souls, that the phrase to contest elections without money is very difficult in this age and times, because in such a time, the candidate He can also win if he has a strong financial strength, because while he can throw, he can still throw them into his own house.
“The state government should look into the actions of the Governor, what is the relationship with the law on this.
JOWAI: The Centenary Celebration Committee of the Catholic Church in Mooksiang-Phramer, West Jaintia Hills District will conclude the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Mooksiang-Phramer District on this 17th June with a Procession of the Eucharist.
There are parents who know how to thank God that it is through His blessings that their children have passed well.
One of the issues raised by the Association is the lack of salary on time, where until today the salary for the last month has not been received and in 2015 the employees of this department have not received. They don't get any more Arear or other things that they don't get.
"“In the past five years, the Government which has ruled the state and which has been talking about a two engine government but is the weakest Government, the most powerless, unable to do anything in the country as in the past. see," he said.
“If the Garo are not allowed to vote in KHADC, the Jaintia should not be allowed either because they too have their own JHADC, which is specially protected,” they said. .
The people expressed their gratitude to Ma Marshall with words of blessing and prayer that God will continue to bless him and his family.
Therefore, we can say that Mukul Sangma should not look after his own rympei before throwing water at others,” said the statement.
The raid was conducted in areas where foreigners drive commercial vehicles, to ensure that all foreign drivers of commercial vehicles should comply with the KHADC laws, to obtain a driving licence. that they may not have a car.
National President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will contest from South Tura, his brother James K Sangma from Dadenggre, National Vice President and Symbud Prime Minister Prestone Tynsong from Pynursla constituency and Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang constituency.
That way of talking brought them closer and they remembered seeing each other.
However, as the times and days went by, there was another terrible threat to the death of the fish.
In his reply, the Symbud Myntri of the CEM, Pynshngain N Syiem said that there is no need for them to wait until the next phase to present the report.
In response to China's action, India has also mobilized its troops to the area in recent days, the report said.
In this regard, God foretold – “For behold, the days come, saith the Lord, that I will turn again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah, saith the Lord; And I will bring them again into the land which I gave to their fathers (That is after 1875 years) and they shall possess it" Jeremiah 30:3
Shillong Lajong are the only team that has not lost a single match out of the 55 teams taking part in the tournament.
The blockage of the garbage flowing from the market area of ​​Ïewduh has caused the closure of the drain in the Mawlong market area which has caused traffic jam and the road is flooded every day.
"On the other hand, Farida said that this special day is celebrated all over the world.
Shillong, July 24: Police have found the head and hand of a child who was believed to be a newborn child at 8 pm this morning. The body of the child was found on the ground floor of the house of Shri Chote Lal Rai at Law-U-Sib, Shillong.
Isawanda I said that the reason for the gathering of the children once again in the city is to find out who else among the participants who took part as the players who With the hope that in these three days, all those who came to take part will be able to break or set new records of this tournament.
Meanwhile, the JMB said it has complied with the directive.
Luke Kharkongor.
On the 22nd of this month, West Garo Hills Police raided the Farm House run by the BJP MDC and arrested 73 people. They also seized bottles of kyiad and other items.
The total number of voters was 620,041 lakh.
Like the story “Map bad klet” That's exactly what happened, They started to fall apart Because they didn't have enough.
Until 1945, the war was a fair fight.
Many of the leaders of the state have wealth, but because they come from poor families, when they enter politics, they don't understand the problems of poverty. “The rule of law has declined slowly because they don't understand the problems of the poor,” said Bah Nongbri.
" He laughs again.
From time to time, RTI has been sought regarding this discrimination but no one has believed or taken action against the problems faced by the people from time to time in relation to the issue. Electricity supply to Garo Hills.
He has been trying since ancient times to preserve and manufacture various traditional musical instruments of the Garo people and he is also well versed in music and even the sounds of other types of music.
It seems that the Akor of Honor has been forgotten.
We find it in the soil when it combines with potassium and oxygen to form a substance called potassium nitrate; or it can combine with sodium and oxygen to form a substance called sodium nitrate; or it can combine with other different organisms to form nitrogen-containing organisms.
On this occasion, the President of HANM, Bah Bobby Basaiawmoit, confirmed the office bearers and members of the Mawmaram Unit. Genl Secretary Gregory Agriculture Secretary – Medras Marbaniang, Sport Secretary – French Kurbah with 15 members.
Assam slasha farmers today strongly criticized the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who does not claim to be a tea seller, for not thinking of increasing the wages of the sellers. to T.350 per day and the slasha farmers, demanded that the bill should be increased before the beginning of the new year.
Remember, brothers and sisters, don't be happy with the money but look forward to the happiness of San la Kong.
Well, these two worked in the fields with their parents, while the brothers who followed them went to school well and reached higher grades and classes.
YM Yollow was re-elected as the leader of the same constituency in 2018 by contesting as the candidate of the Naga People's Front (NPF).
On the other hand, Samla N.Ribok Biam President of JSM Western Region said that these MDCs in JHADC are like lun who have no words to speak for the problems of the people and the party strongly condemns this. He said that if the Tax Gate is not removed, the party will not stand idly by and will start protests from now on.
On the issue of relocation of the Sweepers' Colony from Mawlong Market, Dhar said the government intends to hold another meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to take a decision.
When asked why he supports Ma Vincent Pala, the Congress candidate, Drola said he will support Ma Vincent Pala in the MP election. Pala, while in the anti-Congress MDC election, said, “I have to support a person who has done good to me”.
The Publicity of STIEH, Ms. Deiwi Tongper, expressed her gratitude to God for bringing forth Bah Ardent who came forward and spoke on the issue of Reservation Policy for review. “It is not that we are talking about the Garo people, but we are talking about the truth which is the right, because if you look here we have two District Councils. “Our people often play chess, but in the registration they don't disappear, this discourages the children. She urged the people to come forward and fight for the rights of the students to get their rights.
These days, women are also allowed to be leaders and heads in the Khadar system and in government offices.
Shillong: Robbers have robbed a man of T.4 lakh from a man and fled on Jorabat Highway, Ri Bhoi District, after robbing him of the money.
New Delhi: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi today held talks with leaders of pharmaceutical companies through video conferencing.
He said that in talks with the management of MeECL, the union has learned that MeECL has not been able to appoint anyone since 2020 due to lack of funds to pay salaries and urgent posts. you don't need to sign a contract.
The reason why he intends to remove the two other EMs who are independent MDCs is because he said he cannot trust the independent MDCs because they cannot just look at the place. they are more likely to fall.
There is no more glory, no more knowledge, all have rejected the knowledge of the Word of God. That is why God said – Because you (Israel) have rejected knowledge, I will also reject you. but thou shalt be no priest unto me" Hosea 4:6
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Convener Donbok Kharlyngdoh, has strongly condemned the violence against foreigners especially against law enforcement officers in uniform. The HYC has encouraged them and urged the KHADC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit as CEM not to back down but to stand forward and work for the life and death of the Jaitbynriew.
At the same time, the Moolang Church would like to thank the East Jaintia Hills District Police Department for their willingness to cooperate with the church. The church also requests the churchgoers to cooperate with the church as well as the traffic police so that there will be no traffic jam and the The church hopes that everything will go smoothly.
In his sermon, Fr.Johnny Eapen, SDB, stressed that the essence of the Catholic ritual is the sacrifice of the body and blood of Jesus on the altar. the sacrifice of God that Jesus sacrificed on Calvary, to save all mankind and have eternal life.
“The Indian government's amendment to the domestic rules shows that it underestimates China's rule and this is unacceptable and meaningless,” Hua said.
He said that the donation is in many areas whether it is through food items and others, but the blood donation is one of the most important areas that helps the souls of people in the society.
The woman involved in the theft is Angelina Rodrigues, who has been dreaming of having a daughter.
Therefore, the Sur of the West requests once again to help this young man and anyone who wishes to help this young man, please contact the leaders of the Sur king ong West.
Noting that the main reason is that many of the government schools are dilapidated, Bah Samlin said that now the residents of the area should not be afraid to send their children to these schools. government because the building is strong and complete and there are up to four qualified teachers.
Deiwi Tongper from Umkiang said, “According to the story of this child to her family members, she said that this Muslim Khar from Kalain (Assam) had kidnapped her with a knife. When she reached Assam, the Dkhar Muslim threatened to kill the brothers of the child if she didn't understand. “The child, whose name has not been revealed, has been missing for a month. The family members have lodged a complaint at Umkiang PP and have tried to find her. Members of the KSU Narpuh as well as the VPP from Narpuh have struggled to find the child.
We sell our land now to other nations, but we don't think that after generations it will be our own children who will buy back from those we have sold.
VIII.Ko Ri Khasi surprised people!You have been covered with evil!Akor honor has been established,In the countryside as well as in the city.
When Mizo friends say “Mizoram is ZPM, Meghalaya is VPP” which in Khasi means “Mizoram is ZPM, Meghalaya is VPP”.
Each team is allowed to field five players and no less than five players per team.
However, when the issue was raised in the Assembly, the Speaker did not allow the party to speak, so the party came back to the people to tell them what happened because the VPP is not a party. It is not only to contest elections, but it is a party that comes out to work and serve for the people.
The HYC said the question now is, “Whether the groups working with Bah Pynshngain especially the UDP and KHNAM are happy with this decision which has been remotely controlled from Delhi”. Bah Pynshngain's action does not mean that he has not issued the NOC for the road to Mawthabah, but it means that he has not approved the road to Mawthabah because the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah has not been constructed with the money of UCIL through the District Council. The distance of this 2-lane road to Mawthabah will be only 18 km or less.
Satan not only tempted Adam and Eve, but he also created the ability to tempt Jesus, the Son of God.
With eight deaths, the death toll has risen to 939 in the state.
If you feel that you don't have enough vitamins, you can choose to take medicines that don't contain this vitamin.
State government officials including Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Chairman of the State Planning Board and others took part in the protest at Jantar Mantar.
A curfew was imposed in Kohima after a protest against the attack by the army.
He said that they used to ask for certificates of the village where they came and the village knows and he said that in Mawpat there are no Dkhars, who are Khasi except BSF troops. that they were repeatedly asked for a certificate that gave them notice to stay outside and their ID number was also taken.
It is sad to turn to the rural areas which are facing many problems in life such as the lack of drinking water, roads, health and other development projects where it has been alleged that It is because you don't have the right to violate the rights of the people.
However, when we think about quality education, we need teachers who have completed the right courses or tests or those who claim to be qualified.
In the category of children over 16 years old, the winner in the girls category was Joel Gatphoh Memorial Synod Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin Zone and in the boys category, Mawpat Presbyterian Secondary School won the title. School in Shillong Zone.
After the suit, people from all over the villages like Mulieh, Iawthymme, Mowkyndeng-Madankynsaw, Mulum, Madanrwan, Pohkseh, Laskein, Rtiang and Raliang led their cows to fight to entertain the people who witnessed. from all around the field.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare also acknowledges that ASHAs are an important part of the health department and their work cannot be underestimated.
There was also one day when I saw the forecast.
At the same time, he said that if the BJP wins the seat in the Rajya Sabha, it will be easier for them to bring about any change they want in the country.
Secondly, it is to cooperate and cooperate. We are afraid to think that the disease will come again in the third and fourth waves.
At present, there are branches in Jaintia Hills, West Garo Hills and East Khasi Hills while there are no branches in other districts.
On the other hand, the girls of East Khasi Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 5-0, Inrilaidor Khongthaw, who scored two goals. The remaining goals were scored by Melaribha Lyngdoh, Ibashembha Khongsit and Ideibanrishisha Kharpan.
Tomorrow, Mawpat SC will play against Nongkseh SC at 1 pm and Laitkor SC will play against Shillong Lajong FC at 3 pm.
The Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) has confirmed that the Second Division matches of this season will start on the 30th of this month.
Nursing Student, with the award of 'Best Outgoing Graduate' was awarded to Dr. Debabrita Chakraborty.
The funds for this project have been allocated from the Special Assistance Scheme of the Central Government for the year 2015-1
At the same time, we would like to ask for your support from all over the Bri u Khun Hynniew Trep to give us your right hand and your left hand to help us in our life and death. If we are forced or forced, we must not allow, we must fight as long as we have the strength, even if we have to sacrifice our lives, we must stand up to protect the future of the country. and the nation.
Witting also criticized the government for the delay in delivering textbooks to SSA students on time. He said that there are 11 books that the government should have delivered to schools. Through the SSA, these include Science, Social Science, Mathematics, AHPL and other subjects. However, he said that the government has delivered these books after about two months of schooling. “What will the children do with these books when they have been in school for two months while the books arrive after they have been purchased,” he said.
PWD Minister MM Danggo today called a meeting with the officials of JICA in the presence of PHE Minister Prestone Tynsong, Urban Minister Ronnie V Lyngdoh and NHIDCL officials. With the cooperation of the people, the people's leaders of the areas, we will be able to arrange for the land acquisition for the construction of this road,” said Danggo.
Other speakers at the meeting included Dr SC Sadhu, Secretary Water Resource Department, Meghalaya, Aankur Patni, Executive Director, Ion Exchange India Ltd, Sourav Daspatnaik, Managing Director, Swachh Environment Private Limited and others. .
The Trinamool Congress Students Union (Meghalaya) leader also strongly criticized the government for its inaction.
Hek said he has immediately directed his department to investigate the matter without delay to find out the truth and to give a fair trial to the woman. you are not an employee of this department.
“These issues are at the forefront of this government to come with the party,” he said.
Immediately after the incident, a clash broke out between the two teams in which everyone started to show their strength, but the organizers of the match managed to extinguish the blazing fire and the injured was taken to CHC. Sohra and at the same time the police were informed and later the police arrived at the scene.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government intends to meet with all political parties and various groups to discuss the National Register of Citizens (NRC). implementation in Assam.
The boundary of Assam and Meghalaya especially the areas bordering West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong District will be discussed at this meeting.
Meghalaya was established on 21 January
“It was until 2015 when we gathered together that we held many protests against the Government with demands to remove the Notification because the farmers from different villages cannot just walk to it. “It's not like we're going to be able to farm without using fertilizers because they've lost all their crops and the production of crops will be affected without using fertilizers,” he said.
In conclusion, he said that as youth, we should live knowing people and knowing God and bringing glory to the family, the village, the district and the country and the nation as a whole. “It is a great honor for you to contribute to the country and the nation as a whole,” he added.
The decline of the traditional dress with the passing of the days shows that the Khasi people have become poorer and poorer with the passage of time.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet today approved the setting up of three regional committees to discuss the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Therefore, we want the government to think carefully and provide special allocation otherwise the Union will think in one way and to avoid any acts against the government and any tragic incidents affecting the Union. The Union has requested the government to correct the shortcomings as soon as possible as there is still time for the government to correct the shortcomings.
Sanbor's remarks came exactly six months after the BJP Secretary in charge of Meghalaya, M Chuba Ao, threatened to resign from the NPP-led MDA government. jur palat you are corrupt.
Liew Lyngdoh (Borghat) Smt.
Meghalaya was included in the same list along with Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Assam, Andhra Pradesh, Bengal and Railways.
The famous author Paulo Coelho describes those teachings as the path of the Ryntieh and the Khnam in his book, The Archer.
However, it has not shocked the residents of the State who have been forcibly deported to Assam and has also shocked not only the residents of the border area, but all the residents of the State and the civil society, in which they have They alleged that the signing of the social boundary agreement without consulting the Hima, KHADC and Village Authorities is an act of violence by the government.
When asked whether the office has any role in the East Khasi Milk Union, he said that the office has nothing to do with the donation. The union has decided to implement the funds according to the line item it has sent to the government.
Two of the injured were rushed to hospital for treatment.
During World War I 1914-1918, Corporal T Hodyson Dykes was sent to Mesopotamia (Iraq), Palestine and Egypt.
The State Government on 31st March has approved the revised Uniform Guidelines for the recruitment of the State Police.
“In this mid-term election, we see that the NPP party is on one side, the UDP on the other side does not have unity, in Garo Hills we see that the UDP and NPP have their own party. candidates even if they are in the same Government,” he added.
We will sit down and take a decision on how to proceed with this matter,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
GSH's Kimtera was named Player of the Match after a good performance.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 38230 out of which 31781 have recovered and 652 have died.
This is the second time in the state that the JBBFA has organized such a competition with the participation of men and women from all over the country. District and abroad as well.
Let us all unite, let us destroy the power of the wicked.
By doing so, they also aim to remind the people of the problems they have faced due to the illegal activities and mismanagement that we are witnessing under the leadership of this present government”.
The main reason why AIM Meghalaya visited the office of Reliance Trends Limited on 31st July 2022, was only because of the order and empowerment of the employees of the company by stipulating that You will not be paid if you have not received the TIKA (Covid Vaccine) this month.
Sangma said that at the Me'gong Festival, the Ministry of Tourism will showcase the Garo Hills as a tourist destination.
Shillong: The BJP in Ranikor has made it clear that it will not contest any candidate in Ranikor constituency and that it wants to support the NPP candidate Martin M Dango, but the BJP in Ranikor under the leadership of Kong Pelcy. Snaitang, as President, left to support the UDP candidate Pius Marweiñ.
This was announced by the Minister of State for Sports, Banteidor Lyngdoh in reply to a question by Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang in the House today.
At the meeting, the Minister also handed over the financial assistance to the oyster farmers from the Meghalaya Mushroom Mission and farmer groups from the FOCUS Programme.
The day was enriched by songs and dances by the children of the Kur War from Mynso, Jwai, Kyndong and Namdong.
In the evening from 8 pm, the famous musicians of the state 'Snow White' from Shillong and DJ night will perform.
The meeting was also to discuss the implementation of the Har Ghar Dastak which will start from the 29th of this month in the district which has been implemented by the Ministry of Health. & Family Welfare Government of India.
The former Paris Saint-Germain star signed for Inter Miami CF on Saturday.
One of the employees of the MeECL control room, Heisalon Dkhar, is suspected to have been involved in the incident, as he turned off the light before the light was turned off. burn the house with fire.
Ngangbam Pacha Singh also scored in the 19th minute (P), Maibam Deny Singh in the 82nd minute and Imarson Meitei in the 88th minute.
He said that one third of the recruitment is reserved for women which is more than 2000 jobs.
We must ensure that all women feel comfortable when they walk and stand on the streets,” she said.
Meghalaya under the leadership of Kong Ïaikyntiew Nongkynrih has not played well since the start of Group-E where they have lost three times in a row. reached the end.
“On the 5th, a man who was carrying a cow was shot, why did they shoot him? Did he carry explosives? How sad is the family of this man who was shot dead by the soldiers.
The media has not yet confirmed whether Dr. Mukul Sangma has met with any government minister or Congress MLA at his residence, but it was said that until 5 pm, many government ministers especially those who His closest friends were still inside the Secretariat.
There are also those who have not received any assistance even after the assistance has been sent to the government for the incidents of last year and other years.
I also gave a speech as the leader of the UDP to give my full support to KAS because as a party we want the Khasi language to be recognized and included in the Khyrnit. the Fifth".
In addition, the government has worked hard to improve the quality of hotels.
At the time of publication, the two men have not returned home.
He, when it was time for him to go home on leave, disappeared, not knowing where he was.
Hajong joined the NPP at a meeting attended by NPP President PA Sangma and Dr WR Kharlukhi.
From what we can see, it can be said that the presence of only one type of market in the center of the city is the reason why it affects the smooth movement of traffic.
I became the junior of Bah Ganold, whom I loved, in all the areas where we worked.
“The Court should respect and strengthen the rule of law that has been established in this country since ancient times,” said the CEM of KHADC. she announced a decision that happens only in a town that has already made peace.
The purpose of this channel is to spread the gospel through the voices of songs, to preserve the songs of the Standing Choir and to broadcast the special programs of the KJP Eastern Synod Youth Assembly.
Charles said that as usual in any political party after the elections and the members elected to the Legislative Assembly will decide for themselves.
On the road from Umsning to Umsning, Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that he is sleepless nights because he is thinking about the implementation of this road which is also a major need of the people in the area. He said that he has taken the initiative to fulfill the wishes of the people and that is to improve the road.
If others praise you, that's right, but to praise yourself like these leaders of this MDA Government is stupid in front of the world.
Considering this alone, it is clear that the patriotism of the Khasi has declined and deteriorated.
The race will start at 7 pm.
Bah Mayralborn on this occasion urged the women to seek more information from various government offices on how to improve the work of the VO. “There are many people who are trying to explain but they should get information themselves from the people who are more intelligent,” he added.
“This is the first time that we have done for him personally as a person of the Hima because he has come to request, there are many who want but we don't allow, we are sorry that he has come to request too much. “I don't have enough money to pay the debt of this Dkhar, but from now on we can't do that anymore. There have been many people who have come to ask us to say that the Dkhar is their right but we don't allow,” said the Acting Syiem.
Wahlang also instructed the Deputy Commissioner to take action to ensure that the works such as Bio-Remedial, Faecal Sludge, Septage Management Treatment Plants, Waste Recovery Centres, at the same time to ensure that the Households should not pass by without building their own septic tanks in Jowai.
This decision was taken by the religious leaders of the Shillong All Faith Forum at a meeting convened by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
and Ricky Cooper Pathaw, Public Grievances Secretary, spoke on the theme “The Power and Authority of Youth in Society”.
Furthermore, at 2:30 pm on the same day, robbers set fire to the office of the Khadi in Nongstoin. The incident happened at 2:30 pm. The fire brigade did not find the office in time and the fire broke out.
On the occasion, the Chief Guest also donated to the Teachers' Union and distributed gifts to the retired teachers.
However, the central government has now stopped providing assistance and one of the main reasons is perhaps the lack of working methods of the Social Welfare Department which should look after this office.
Shillong, July 14: “All 13 parties, we will leave,” said Bah GH Kharshanlor, leader of the HNYF. “We don't hesitate,” he said.
“Man doesn't die" perhaps once you think it's shocking to say that man doesn't die.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the people should follow in the footsteps of Syiem Tirot Singh to protect the peace of the people from the exploitation of foreigners. The memory of this great man should not end on this day.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Bah Arwan Tariang, said that the Seng Khasi is still following up on the demand for minority status from the government.
Shillong, July 25: The deadline for the investigation by the Magistrate of KHADC into allegations of corruption in the deposit of District Council funds into private bank accounts will end this month, according to sources. well within the District Council.
The man said he would take her home, but instead took her to a hotel in Dimapur.
Therefore, the HYC through a letter has suggested to the NEHU authorities to conduct physical classes at least 40 days before the examination so that the students can get explanations for the subjects. more importantly.
If it has been possible to change the riti, why isn't it possible to change the riti now?
Likewise, the riewsaid came out.
“AHOR has also divided the festival into four categories, namely the Ladies Category, the second category for unmodified vehicles or the The fourth Stroke Category is for Semi Modified Category or Vehicles which have been modified and the fourth Stroke Category is for Modified Category only. “This is a different time in which the most skilled participants from all over the states come to take part,” said Bah Umdor.
The two also joined the team that qualified for the AFC Champions League in 2021, and it will be the first time for the club to play in Asia.
The deceased include Rupa Kumari, 55, resident of Mawbah, Shillong.
Shillong: The BJP in Meghalaya has strongly opposed the implementation of the Central Bonded Warehouse (CBW) in Meghalaya.
Speaking at the launch of the Hyundai EXTER, Unsoo Kim, MD & CEO, Hyundai Motor India Ltd.
Almost all the civil society organizations from Garo Hills attended the meeting to hear what the government has to clarify and also asked questions to clarify what they did not understand.
In the second half, Ryntih SC had a chance to shoot from the penalty spot where Sheen turned forward to shoot but unfortunately he didn't take it and Nongrim Hills SC managed to score. Ryntih SC will play against Rangdajied United FC on the 10th of this month.
“We urge the Managing Committees to take into consideration the attendance of teachers,” he said.
Meghalaya's award winners were Ajima Sangma, who took 17 wickets in the Senior Women's category, Mrinal Das who tied for 346 runs in the U-19 Men's category, Manish Sharma. Shreya Marak took 25 wickets in the U-23 Men, Shreya Marak took 8 wickets in the U-15 Girls and R Ryngkhlem took four balls and two stumpings in the U-16 Boys. .
Three residential houses, two shops, two empty cow sheds and four houses were destroyed.
Hyderabad: William S Pinckney, chairman and CEO of Amway India, has been arrested by the Andhra Pradesh Police on Tuesday. Pinckney because he has been charged with misuse of the company's financial management.
The Meghalaya High Court on 13th February has ordered the state government to improve the condition of the Jowai By-Pass by 3rd February. 2023, this is according to the hearing of the PIL filed by Kynjaimon Amse of East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that MeECL has sent a petition to the SERC and it is up to the Commission to look into and set the price.
To do this, the unified political will of all the 60 MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and all the four MPs of the state who will lead to the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha is required.
“We have also sent a copy to the KHADC but they have not given any written notice but they just want to complain and we don't have the authority to listen to those who want to complain.
He said the second phase of the technology park in Shillong is underway and will soon be completed by June
However, there are places where the UDP and HSPDP are still fighting each other, because they don't have a different strategy and they have denied that it is a friendly election.
“From the articles that have been circulated, we understand that this is the work of Hindu extremists,” said Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President of FKJGP. The group has now spread across the country not only in the State but throughout the country through Social Media including Facebook, Whatsapp and others.
Charlinda Nongtdu and Ideibanri Kharpan scored the third goal for Mawlai in the 40th minute. The 50th goal was enough for Mawlai to win the title.
This happened on the 6th of June at 7:00 pm.
Whatever we do, there is always a public opinion, the public praises the government but there are some who are against it.
A leader who is impartial and who does not have a spirit of racial and religious discrimination.
We share about 443 kilometers of border with Bangladesh out of the total 4096 kilometer border between India and Bangladesh.
The question is – will they be resurrected with the same body as they were on earth? Who can buy dkoh? Who is the blind? Do children bear children again? Those who are killed by having one hand cut off will be raised with one hand? The answer is ‘Yes’.
The Chief Minister of Assam has spoken on the need to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
It is estimated that about 2,000 people attended the meeting.
He said that the separation of the Judiciary from the District authorities is essential to bring justice to the people.
The people want the 5 star Meghalaya which are the four pillars of the Congress and those are the new transformations of Meghalaya because these will happen only if there is change.
According to a statement from the AIFF, FIFA TMS Manager Sujesh Rajan conducted the training which lasted for seven hours. internet.
With the full implementation of the Model Code of Conduct throughout the district, the District Election Officer (DEO) has enforced the rules and regulations laid down by the ECI.
Border area: East : P.W.D. Road Muktapur.
He also urged the people to lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioners of the districts if anyone has cut the money or the rice.
The arrested were identified as Samkupar Lyngdoh, 28, Walstar Nongdhar, 28, Anthony Sangma, 32, and Balan Kharkongor,
Being the winners of this competition, not only brings fame and glory but also opens the way for them to take part in this beauty pageant.
On the other hand, the CEM said that such a program is very important because the role of the ADC is to pass laws to record what our ancestors have done.
We have decided together today to oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016,” said Conrad Sangma, who convened the meeting.
There are still many changes and from now on the struggle will be intense because it is time for the leaders from MLAs to MDCs to explain to the people about their struggle for the people in their four or five years in power.
“Compared to other states like Nagaland and Manipur, the allocation for MGNREGS is only about Rs 600/700 crore per annum, while in Meghalaya the allocation is very high.
I feel it is also time to review the Reservation Policy of the State as it is too old.
The tournament was opened by Dr. Abhishek Saini IAS, SDO (Civil) Amlarem Sub Division, SDPO Amlarem, Dewansh Pandey IPS. Nixon Gassah, Mankhraw Ryngksai and other elders from Dawki and Lamin villages.
:In a show of solidarity against corruption, BJP workers staged a protest on November 9, 2013 at the BJP office, where Congress has condemned the recent corruption case involving Congress Rajya Sabha MP Dhiraj Sahu.
In the struggle to search for those who have been drowned, the residents of 7 villages, despite the heavy rain, have come out to search for those who have been drowned.
People must believe in Him and follow His teachings. Where is that God? He is present in a person’s faith even if he does not see him.
They did not feel comfortable and happy without coming out from time to time to his residence.
