The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma will be present at the meeting which will start at 11 am. this morning.
They have no right to demand revenue from the GHADC. I feel it is time to abolish the Municipal and revive the Town Committees,” he added.
He thanked Myntri Rangbah Duh for thinking of providing drinking water and ensuring that clean water reaches every household.
Shillong, July 10: The Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA II) government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has decided to increase the Special Rural Work Programmed (SRWP) scheme to Rs 2 crore before the end of this year. 2015-1
MPCC General Secretary Wansuk Syiem, MPCC Working President Deborah Marak and other party leaders were also present. , President Meghalaya Youth Congress Committee and thousands of young men and women who took part in the bike rally.
Wildlife, after receiving a tip that some people continue to shoot animals in Narpuh Forest, the Range Officer and his team patrolled the forest on the 19th and 22nd of this month. At 8 pm, they arrested Laditsak while he was carrying the body.
The show cause notice came after Congress leaders led by AICC Media Coordinator Bobbeeta Sharma and Mathew Anthony and Mahila Congress President Joplin Scott Shylla submitted a complaint to the Chief Electoral Officer. Officer (CEO) on Tuesday and demanded the immediate removal of Phidalia as Chairman of MSCW and the disqualification of Bah Wailadmiki.
The bioactive compound found in soybeans is known as piperine.
When this thought came, Rida was frightened.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit has invited all the citizens of Meghalaya to come together to support their society. Sit-In Demonstration) to protest against the implementation of Covid-19 protocols in various areas.
During his time with the whole team, Graham was able to take the whole club to the quarter-finals of the Champions League; The team will prepare for their match against Real Madrid.
No one can understand and know the WILL and PLANT of our Father in Heaven. Amen? If it is the will of God it is difficult to resist by the will of man, that I can prove from the Bible book of Jonah.
“I have already told the party leaders earlier that when I visit the state again I will meet face to face with all the church leaders because in states like Goa we have Catholic members and we There are also other parts of the country where Catholics and Muslims are members of the party.
The driver of the Ford Endeavor, Sartaj Ansari (19), was taken to the police station for further investigation.
Two foreigners, Monjura Ahmed and Halim Uddin, from Karimganj District, Assam, have been accused of attempting to rape and assault a 19-year-old girl.
Rawat was accompanied by Election Commissioners Sunil Arora and Ashok Lavasa.
The Congress party in Shimla led by Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Sukhvinder Singh Sukhu has launched a Sankalp Satyagraha to protest against the nomination of its former chief minister. Rahul Gandhi's party in the Lok Sabha.
West Madan Mustem will play against Pynthorlangtein tomorrow.
Sanly Rongrin President HYC, Mawshynrut Circle said that these four foreigners have come to work at the residence of the MDC of the area. Bah Morning Mawsor, located in Pormawthew Riangdo, West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 05: Sawmer SC beat Imson SC 3-0 in the First Division of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Saturday. -and MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
On the other hand, the SP of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah HG Lyngdoh, said that they searched for the vehicle after receiving a tip that there was a vehicle carrying weapons.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The road from Nongjri, Borosra to Baghmara has collapsed at Lailad and 25-mile due to heavy rainfall in these days. The government has been suspended for two days from Friday until today.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall since yesterday has caused severe damage in parts of East Khasi Hills District.
The union strongly warns the foreigners not to think that just because they can get NOCs from the villages, they can come to work and enter the villages in the district, but the union will not It also demands that those villages which have issued NOCs should withdraw immediately.
The child was identified as Joshibur Rahman, who had just received his Matric results on Tuesday and passed the examination.
A total of 258 abstracts by 513 authors from 89 educational institutions were received at the SOM 2023 conference.
He said that not only the people or the political parties are concerned about the lack of border, but the present MDA government is also very concerned about the border. huri hura who destroy the peace.
The MPCC has decided to replace Andrew Shullai at a meeting on 18th November, chaired by DD Lapang, in the presence of 19 Congress MDCs. Ma Thombor Shiwat, who did not attend the meeting.
“The Society has been able to provide loans to the farmers with a lot of money but now they have started to grow soybeans,” said Mary June. small and can lend up to 8 lakh'.
It has departments like Agriculture, Horticulture, Veterinary, Fishery, C&RD, NABARD and others to provide training and assistance to farmers through various schemes.
JOWAI: The Department of Agriculture, West Jaintia Hills District has trained farmers to fight against the Fall Army Worm at Khanduli village, a border village with many riewhadem farmers.
Being buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the working of God, who hath raised him from the dead.
Ms Kong Mukhim said that the lice are common in pigs, cattle and livestock but they can be eradicated if the animals are cared for properly especially from an early age, by giving them pesticides from the time they are young. I'm 2 months old.
She received the Swaach Bharat scheme from the Block to build a toilet near the bridge leading to the most beautiful village in Meghalaya, Nongkhnum.
ISIS militants claimed responsibility for the incident and posted a message on Telegram, their news channel.
In fact, Rule 36 of the Meghalaya Aided Secondary and Higher Secondary School Employees Rules, 2018 stipulates that female teachers should be granted maternity leave for up to 3/6 months. The use of maternity leave varies from school to school according to the school authorities.
In 2013, an EVM machine did not work at all in Nongkrem, Meghalaya and the candidate who had received the most votes was declared the winner. The Pastor said that there are many countries in the world that still use ballot papers and these include Japan, which is not the only one to vote. The USA, which uses voter ID cards in 48 states out of 50 states in the country, has brought this knowledge to the world.
Other ethnic groups in the north, have taken great care especially on the day of voting, because they respect their rights as citizens.
Besides, they don't even know the counting of the kur and they don't respect the honor of the Kñi.
More than 1,200 Israelis, mostly civilians, were said to have lost their lives in the surprise attack by Hamas militants on 7 March.
The JDU is currently in power in Bihar and has 16 MPs in the Lok Sabha and five in the Rajya Sabha.
If the Government cannot order the police to shoot tear gas at the border, why has it ordered to shoot tear gas at teachers, why has it ordered to bomb women in Lumshnong and why has it ordered to shoot? “We demand that the Government should send hundreds of Police personnel to all Border Out Posts (BOPs) and Out Posts (OPs). ) at the border with adequate weapons and also to immediately order the Police to use Tear Gas, to use sticks and shoot if necessary to protect the border and to the people at the border,” said the statement.
He said he has sent a letter to the mobile tower companies to pay the electricity bill for the tower which is in the lakhs of rupees and if they do not pay, the Corporation will cut off the electricity supply.
Therefore, the people of Bri Hynniewtrep should not divide the nation which has the same human rights.
RipFrom time to time we have been saying that we should not have a foreign nation but they don't believe us.
Athletic: Dabit Dkhar, Primus Ronghi, Damang Lyngdoh, Dasaman Kyndait, Eleven Dkhar, Anjelina Jessica Jackon, Rinalis Ingty, Anrisha Klein, Pleasantly Synnah (Head Coach) and Yolinda Hynniewta (Manager).
Shillong: The body of the Speaker of the House Dr Donkupar Roy Dkhar was laid to rest at Mawpun Square, Sohra in the presence of thousands of people including government ministers, officers and loved ones. all over the country and from the Shella constituency.
Shillong, March 22 : U Charles Marngar MLA and MDC of Mawhati Constituency while taking part in the 10th Anniversary of the PM-Poshan Scheme in Ri Bhoi District. The concerns of the farmers have been brought to the attention of the State Government.
On the opening day of the women's match, Phenom beat The Girls Trotters by 33 to 14 baskets and Sinobia was named Player of the Match. Donbok Thongni of the Phenom team won the Player of the Match title for the Men's B team by 57 runs to 24 baskets against the And 1 Streetball Brothers team. Answering a question by Process T Sawkmie, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the total number of vacancies is 2028.
Shah said under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Ministry of Home Affairs has worked for the goal of a North East free from violence and bloodshed.
Only love is not," said the Father.
Anyone who is an MLA of the MUA government if he is a murderer can escape.
Also, many farmers can sell their vegetables and fruits at this market.
I see the rule as one of the ways to escape confusion.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 10: 444 households from four villages in Nongjri area of ​​Ranikor C&RD Block will receive many blessings and benefits through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) water scheme. The foundation stone of the Nongjri-Nonghyllam Combined Water Supply Scheme (N-NCWSS) at a cost of T.8,94,87,780/- crore was laid today. Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency who was the chief guest.
“I have already told the Secretary that within a day or two, I should see the report on this,” said Bah Hek.
Their word "Nim rokom" comes from the Jaintia word "Niam bungli" they call Nim rokom only because they can't pronounce it. which means in Jaintia, then the price of lakha, (in Khasi) smoke, loti (lynti) and many more.
UG students, those who are in colleges, those who are not recognized by NEHU, can visit the University website www.nehu.
JAC Leader Purningstar Shabong said that the JAC will immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District for action. ei, on this issue, the land from Assam to Meghalaya.
Speaking as the chief guest, B Richard Uriah said that he is ready to help for the development and running of this school and said that he is ready to provide training to the teachers of this school and to help improve the school. by providing computer training to children to improve education in the area.
The Executive Member in charge of the Market of KHADC, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, said that the preparations are in full swing and the work will start soon.
Drinking this milk is like drinking divine water.
In the second paragraph of this article, it says, “Sohra Geographical Landscape is not conforming to the consensus”.
A few years later (586 BC), the kingdom of Judah (Shathie) was also conquered by the Babylonians.
Speaking to reporters, Congress leaders said that after the people of the state complained about the sudden increase in the price of petrol and commodities, they went to hold meetings in all the Districts in the State to discuss and discuss this issue, and how to inform the Central Government through Ma Vincent H Pala to inform the Parliament in the upcoming Session .
The DC informed the public that if they have any violations of the law, please call 1000, 2222277 (Police Control), 2223451 (Sadar Traffic Police).
At this meeting, the union expressed its gratitude to the State Government for the increase in the honorarium of T.100 on behalf of thousands of teachers in schools in the state. per month since more than 20 years ago and this year it has been increased to T.1100 per month from the State Government and which should come into force from April
Some observers complain that some leaders refuse to be transparent in business, respect each other or fundamentally uphold justice.
He said that as a member of the party, he is ready to take on the responsibility assigned by the party.
Leaders of 14 organizations and Rangbah Shnongs, JSU President Rikut Pariñ, JYF President Poi Pynhun Majaw and DW Laloo also delivered speeches at the meeting.
Regarding the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) which is an issue on which many groups and organizations have opposed the central government's plan to implement the Act across the country, Bah Michael He said that although many have opposed the implementation of the Act in the state, even the implementation manual of the UCC has not been released.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the residents of the area said that the surprising thing is that the ban on the people is only for the Khasi people who live in these border villages of Block II. The Assam Police were on duty without recognizing the villagers who lived in the area.
“It is necessary for the government and the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to find ways and means so that Meghalaya can produce more meat,” he said.
He alleged that the recruitment department has created doubts among the youth to trust them because of its corruption.
“They are happy to get shatri, they are happy to get food and drink and when this color comes and fades it can obscure the truth,” said Bah Makdoh.
Shillong, July 18 : The HSPDP MLA from Mawkyrwat, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, who resigned on Tuesday, said that while trying to strengthen all the ethnic parties in the state, they are getting weaker. .
Shillong, Nailar 04: Umsning MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Comingone Ymbon from Raliang today took oath as Ministers in place of Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar. The Cabinet meeting was led by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Mawkyrwat, July 20: With the aim of curbing the drug trafficking in India, the state and districts, the office of the Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, has launched a Awareness Program on “Fight Against Drug Abuse” which started on July 13 and ended on July 26,
The rain fell until the tree and the stone were cut down.
On the other hand, the CLP leader said that some of the candidates who lost the elections lost only a few.
Speeches were also delivered by Dr. MTyngkan, C. Lyngdoh Dolloi Eleka Raliang and others.
Jesus died on Friday, April 32 AD, but before he died, he went to Bethany on April 32 AD, where he stayed in the house of Lazarus, whom he had raised from the dead. from the dead, that is, at the time he entered Jerusalem as king of Israel.
In the midst of this pandemic we mourn and weep, God through Jesus Christ also weeps and weeps with us.
HANM West Khasi Hills District through Pastor M.Moksha Moderator of the Presbytery, Pastor Batkupar Dunai to express their opposition to this day as it is the Day of the Lord. There was also an opposition from the Seng Saiñ Pyrthei who suggested to the Government not to change the date.
“These robbers used to deceive people in various ways such as asking for account numbers, sending money, offering expensive goods, such as shyieng boit, coins with the image of Hanuman and others.
He said that compared to the turnout in the elections held in the country, the turnout in Meghalaya is the highest.
Shillong, June 24: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Dr Manas Ranjan Bhunia today expressed his confidence that many of the party's candidates will win the elections. The MLA elections-2023 in Meghalaya have not been satisfied by the MDA Government led by the National People's Party (NPP).
After the 7th of this month, the day Hamas militants launched a surprise attack on Israel, reports said that Hamas could hide the kidnapped people in these tunnels.
He said there are many serious issues of the state, including rising poverty and education as mentioned in the national census, the lowest of the country, the struggle against drugs, the concern of students on the National Education Policy (NEP), the complaint of educated students that they do not get jobs, the lack of allocation of MBBS students, the public awareness on the environmental impact of the construction of the dewbilat factory in East Jaintia Hills, the police patrol, the condition of the Metor area and the allocation of funds for the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival.
The JYF-WJR leader said that for two days now they have been conducting an inspection on the diesel smoke and the PHE water supply has changed colour. The PHE water has turned stem and red and is no longer suitable for drinking, but after the PHE officials came to clean the top water.
Umphyrnai SC, who lost their last match, beat Smit SC 3-0 on Friday at MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that Bishop Theodore has informed him of this and he will talk to the wardens of the jail. They looked at him with respect, especially when he was old.
Simeon Suchiang (7') and Jeffrey Surong (63') scored two goals each for Ladthadlaboh to win their third title of the season.
This plastic waste into the sea has affected the living things in the sea.
Regarding the escape of these trucks, the JNU has expressed its surprise and said that the union is surprised that after lodging a complaint with the police and also with the The inspectors of the gate of the district council forest department, which is in charge of J.Shadap, the beat officer, said that these three trucks were still escaping to smuggle illegal timber.
Bah Laloo, therefore, demanded that if the state government does not take action within three months against the factories, which do not have these adequate garbage dumps, it will be a mistake. and disregard the decision of the Supreme Court.
However, the voters cannot wait until it is resolved.
The GS of the KSU said that in the list released by the government, many of the villagers are not included while the foreigners are included. The households first find the residents or foreigners living there and take their names and it shows that the owners of the houses are qualified and no longer get the card.
He said that in the past few days he has not been able to sleep well because of the large number of people who have come to accompany him to the place where he was buried.
“It is said that it is through the presence of unions that the corporations have become slow because they have set up protest programs or agitation in which the management cannot refuse to increase the minimum wage first.
God said, “I will shew thee wisdom, that thou mayest buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and eyesalve to rub in thine eyes, that thou mayest see.
“This future stars program will promote sports among children in India and support athletes who cannot afford to buy sports equipment, training and adequate food for children.
They were not afraid of that misunderstanding of me/you, they were afraid of themselves; you cannot use the Jait of the Mother.
“This is necessary to strengthen the district council,” said Bah Shullai. He said that during the years of CEM Bah HS Shylla, the MDCs had met with the Union Minister. see the Tribal Affairs Departments on the need to remove this rule.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Seven members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have been released on bail today on charges of involvement in robbery.
“I have been accused of being a dictator because I monitor daily affairs for the people.
The Lamphang also found that the work is going well and he was impressed and informed that the right and left parts of the House are almost completed.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first but were all out for 123 runs.
Lyngdoh said that the office has also received a report that there is a widespread dumping of garbage from this area, especially in the river, but even that the office will provide a full report within this area. the week before the decision was made.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: A child aged 3 years and 10 months has been raped by two robbers in Mawrapat village on 3rd November.
And when I went to court I knew what was being discussed, not the people on the street or the politicians who would try to fight me with it.
He explained that the North Eastern Reorganization Act aims to resolve the boundaries of the North East including Nagaland, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
SLFC coach Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet sent off four out of four players, Babysunday Marngar for Chanmitre Thma in the first half and three others after the loss. tap cold.
The next morning, he went to a forest near NEHU. The Paduh was identified as Ronald Wahlang, a resident of Mawlai. Thief.
She also said that children need to be monitored and protected from being commodified and used by armed groups.
After only seconds he comes back out there.
Church authorities themselves play an important role, because the onset of drug abuse stems from the wrong thinking of young people.
There were no casualties in the incident.
CJ Chelani, IAS, has been appointed as the DC of East Garo Hills.
Raphael said that in 2017, “shortly after the release of the play 'Ka Ding Ka Jingieit', the selection of the cast for the play was started, but a dark cloud covered the play. shlem mattithaw, where two rich people died at the same time because of the lynsher of nature.
Gouramangi Singh has represented India in many international tournaments and has played for the country's U-20 and U-23 teams.
Therefore, we need to read, understand and seek explanations.
Shillong: About 386 shopkeepers in Ïewduh, including those who sell in the square, have come to inject tika inside the Ïewduh, at the police station of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
The MDC distributed and released the tins and disinfectant pumps at a short meeting held at Nongkhroh in the presence of Waheh Shnong of Nongkhroh, Ma Elvin Mynsong, Waheh Shnong of Moodymmai, Ma Joseph. Pariat, village leaders and others.
They said that according to the constituency, the people prefer DD Lapang, Prestone Tynsong, HDR Lyngdoh or others and it depends on the Congress candidate. .
True, there are accounts of life after death in the Bible and in other writings, but this was not a subject that the Jews gave much thought to.
Therefore, it is good to include among the choice of these foods including soh khyllam, cashew, chia seeds and flax seeds among others.
A day after the news came out that NO ONE WANTS TO OPPOSE THE COKE FACTORIES IN SHALLANG, one of the most prominent and progressive organizations of West Khasi Hills known as the W.Y.F. war to that news; and which has stated that it will never give up but will stand against the factories to the end.
Boat owners, shopkeepers and residents of the area, who rely on their food, from the Umngot River, said that the temperature of the weather in these days has increased. They said that the temperature has increased this year compared to last year.
Vehicles without passes if found will be fined.
He also urged the DHS (MI) to provide a team of doctors and ambulances to be on site so that they can carry out the necessary work in times of emergency.
I will go straight to the OM of the Personnel Department, the OM of 10th June 2022 relating to the Maintenance of Reservation Roster.
Shillong, March 27: Police of Sadar Police Station on Friday summoned Babu Babitdor Hujon, Assistant Finance Secretary of the Meghalaya Government Government Lower Primary School Teachers' Association (MGLPSCTA) to appear before him. investigation regarding the mass rally of Contract School Teachers to the Main Secretariat on the 6th of this month to demand re-employment by the State Government.
In the form of speeches, songs and dances, the assistance program of the state government, 'Supporting Human Capital Development in Meghalaya', will be discussed.
The best speaker was awarded to Bhalang.
What is more sad is the failure of the government to pay the pending arrears of the Revised Pay Scale.
He just looked and smiled without punishment and without hurting the thief.
Next Monday, the Court will give its verdict on the case.
“We have identified the Anjalee Petrol Pump because this place is not able to cope with traffic jam.
When the development of physical education builds disciplined youth, the community changes and schools, colleges or universities become places where State Associations can showcase their talents. these youngsters who can reach the Olympics if we manage things properly.
It has worked to make Meghalaya a strong state,” said the Minister, adding that this region is important to the Government.
Bah P.Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, in his speech, spoke on the need to promote and market agricultural products from the district and especially from his constituency.
He said that if she wins as MP, she will think first to give schemes to those who win and those who do not win, she will do it later.
They care especially for farmers, farmers, day laborers and those who are still in need.
“On the 16th and 17th of July, more than 400 trucks passed without Challan, 16 of which were coal trucks claiming to be carrying Coke.
Regarding the illegal withdrawal of money, the CEO said that a special committee will be set up to arrest those involved in the distribution of money after the elections are announced.
The President of MCTOOA said it is surprising that the political parties are listening on this issue.
To answer this question is very difficult because our attempts to unite and order will end only in words or attempts and through the signs of the passage of time we see that the wind of sometimes beh dang beh.
On the other hand, the KSU leader said that this statement of AL Hek shows that he does not respect the demands of the people of the state.
After a while, Riatsamthiah equalized through Banjop Thabah in the 45th minute.
The events of the last days continue to be fulfilled day by day until the time when the judgment will come for the beast to rule this world.
Mawkyrwat: Young Gun FC of South West Khasi Hills District has qualified for the quarter finals of the V Invitation Football Tournament 2018-1 Sport Club.
Yahshua/Jesus tells you that I am the way and the truth and the life.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The East Khasi Hills District Administration has lodged a complaint against the Mawryngkang Dorbar Shnong, on the grounds that it has violated human rights by killing a suspected demon.
Among them, some have established their own Dancing and Singing Schools.
Therefore, due to the condition of the National Highway and roads in East Jaintia Hills District due to heavy rainfall, the East Jaintia Hills District Police Department and the District Administration have decided to , urge the drivers and passengers to be vigilant and careful not to drive too fast and to be careful in traffic, due to landslides, rockfalls, trees can happen at any time.
Amit ShahSushma SwarajNirmala Sitharaman Ravi Shankar PrasadArjun MeghwalRamdas Athawale Thawar Chand GehlotAnurag Thakur Arvind SawantPrakashKharsh Vardhan adiKailash Chaudhary Farmer GujjarMale Mandaviya Pralhad Joshi Debashri Choudhary Gajendra Shekhawatrattan Lal Kataria Ramesh PokhriyalRavindranath Kumar Arjun MundaRameshwar TeliShripad NaikRenuka Singh.
In South West Khasi Hills, 7 cases have been confirmed in West Garo Hills, 7 cases have been confirmed in West Garo Hills and 2 cases have been confirmed in North Garo Hills. they shall not come out of the state.
Besides the President of AJYWO, Bah MH Dkhar, speeches were also delivered by MC Rymbai President, Langmon Bareh Vice President and Earling Shadap Organizing Secretary. They have requested the government to repair the NH 44 since the past but the government has not listened to anything. It is time to hold a strong protest against East Jaintia Hills.
But God is a judge: he putteth down one, and exalteth another.
The chief guest at the opening ceremony was Bah Balajied Synrem, MLA of the constituency, in the presence of Dr. Vijay Kumar, Commissioner of Tourism in the State.
I don't believe that, and I have heard that these ideas are the ideas of the election Member of Parliament (MP), if someone comes to put a ticket somehow in his pocket.
Nongpoh: A 15-year-old boy, Lumlang Thangkhiew from Nongjri village in Umsning, has rescued five cubs from a nearby forest. The Presbyterian Church in Nongjri.
Therefore, the HYC expects that the HYC will allow the indigenous people to do these jobs especially the teaching jobs, said a statement from Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, Education Secretary, HYC. Shillong, Naitung 31: U Limison Sangma, MLA and Parliamentary Secretary in the MUA-II government, has admitted that the Congress will win at least 15 seats in the upcoming MLA elections. Garo Hills and that will be achieved thanks to the skillful leadership of Muklul Sangma as the Prime Minister.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said, “The police force is for the community and the community needs the police force. back".
In this regard, the department will first implement the Bordeaux Mixture to the farmers in Meghalaya to understand how much it will help.
The Dorbar Shnong Lawbah believes that this is the special gift of God to the Mei Ramew of the Khasi Hills.
"Ok.
How does this brother's mind change? How can the SBLs not appear as titles, because besides the Constitution of India, which is very lymbher, does not prohibit the formation of parties at will (except the Lehnoh parties), many of the rulers with lymwir even.
The question is – why has God shortened the lives of people so much? It was because people multiplied and sin became so prevalent.
A thorough research by researchers on Syiem Tirot Singh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, which has also been published in schools as one of the articles, shows that he became Syiem in the years 1814 until he was arrested by the Hima. The British authorities in 1833 how this last independent Syiem of the Khasi immediately rejected many kinds of proposals of the British authorities which perhaps weak foundations could not help but reject their own interests. good.
However, the CEM, Albinush took part in the meeting and asked for time to release the two month salary by the end of this month.
Not only are they mined here but even the soil flows to Bangladesh because there is no protection to fertilize the soil for agriculture.
Although the UDP and HSPDP have proposed their names before the MDA, in the end there will be no decision.
There are 1200 schools in the state under the deficit pattern, deficit and adhoc and 37,000 teachers.
On 22/02/2020 and 23/02/2020, she cleaned the roadsides of Kynroh arliang and Wahumkhat which is the source of drinking water in the area, to collect single use plastic. which were scattered by the passengers.
Johnson Pohrmen was elected as the new President, Birthman Litting as Vice President, Subas Dhar as General Secretary, Asstt.
This happens when the intake of calories into the body exceeds the calorie burning in the body.
There are some who remain in Marmain, Marngar who fight with the Koch, Assamese and other areas.
There are also reports that a poor girl has died at Jorhat Medical College Hospital (JMCH) due to the lack of nurses in the hospital. Another girl died at Sivasagar Hospital due to prolonged treatment.
Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang was the chief guest and Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest.
The manager of the Marriot said that the men who came to work there wanted to leave home only after 6 pm.
Shillong, March 30: Three members of the Meghalaya Chess Association have been elected as office bearers of the North Eastern States Chess Forum at its meeting held at Naharlagun, Arunachal Pradesh on March 20, 2023.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 03: The 9th Chief Minister's District Level Inter-School Athletics Meet 2023 has been held today. The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency.
JSU Syndai Unit President Pynshailang Suliang said it takes MePDCL employees up to six months to distribute electricity bills to the villages and this stinginess of the employees has caused a lot of trouble to the poor. you don't have to pay for electricity for thousands of dollars a month.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : The Government of Meghalaya has launched another initiative to improve health services by setting up Village Health Councils (VHCs) in the villages with in the state.
Those who look at us in the work we do in the educational institutions and so on turn around and look at all the people of Meghalaya how much it affects our souls.
The Piet plain2
Pa'iem Syiemlieh said that the Kur Syiemlieh congratulates the state government for being able to erect a monument to Tirot Singh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima after he was imprisoned by the British troops in that time before.
Pala was accompanied by Deputy Chief Executive Members of KHADC Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, party leaders and supporters.
He said the idea of ​​setting up Outposts or BOPs is to provide protection to the residents, loss of land and illegal border crossings.
What will happen if this disease spreads rapidly in our state? Do you ever think? Have you ever wondered what happened? Do you mean it will still be easier and cheaper? What profit shall thy riches be in the sight of the sword? How would you feel if your children, brothers, sisters, parents, and family members got sick and died just because of your wealth? You're sick! Not only that, but Para Ri, how would you feel if one or two of your family members or neighbors got sick and died just because of lack of wealth? Therefore, I urge each and every one of you to join hands to take action and fight against this terrible disease.
Shillong, Lber 27: The Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) has spent more than T.13 lakh to bring the biggest news of India to the Mawbynna Festival. long in 2013 in Mawphlang.
In collaboration with the BSF, the Bangladeshis were arrested and the trees were seized.
Meanwhile, High Court Meghalaya Judge TNK Singh expressed his concern over the increasing number of part-time school dropouts among children under 14 years.
The bodies of these two persons were recovered from a rate hole mine at Molo Pahar on Tuesday. – The village is still under the jurisdiction of Ledo PS, Tinsukia district.
The Seng also urges the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to remove the cows from this area according to the rules of law as promised before the Deputy Commissioner on 29th June,
In their explanation and interpretation of the Ten Commandments, they produce jyrwit jyrwat and cause problems to humanity.
Besides, other benefits of hydropower are 3% electricity and 1% development works for the villagers while thermal power projects do not have such a benefit. scheme.
God never tempts anyone because temptation is evil, not good and as we sing “God is good”.
The Civil Sub Division will cover the areas under the Rongjeng C&RD Block and the number of villages in this Sub-Division is about
However, at the same time, he said that there is still time for them to report but for now it has to be suspended first, due to the implementation of the model code of conduct for the MP elections. Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem said this in the House today.
There were also reports from the residents that the meter reader has been biased in making the bill light especially for those who have connections.
Police said that on the same day, they also recovered a torch light and a firearm from the body of Joiba.
The three abductees were identified as Dulal Roy, 50, Manik Roy (40), both residents of Tikrikilla and Abdullah Ali (40). He lives in Gomaijhora, Assam.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 65 runs in the U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy in Tezpur, Assam.
You know that the price of these 'local' fish is very low.
On the claim of Bah Plielad Tiewsoh, as the President of the NPP Nongpoh Block, it is wrong and unfounded because according to the constitution of the NPP, the Block Presidents are appointed by the District Presidents and the District President of the NPP. , has appointed Ms. Magdalyne S Mawlong as the President of the NPP Nongpoh Block on 26-02-2 the NPP Nongpoh Block.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, speaking in parliament on the same day, said the rebels will not be able to achieve their goals and will never be able to do anything. thus within the borders of Turkey.
The fact is that Meghalaya, especially the Khasi Hills, is the center of the world and is a state that plays an important role in the world's employment and trade.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee of the Union of Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese (SSRKJD) which met on 18th October 2020 has decided to postpone the first meeting of the Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese. The Annual Meet XIV will be held on the 21st and 22nd October 2020 in Khliehriat Parish East Jaintia Hills District. more information about the spread of Coronavirus"
This traffic jam has been excessive and has been the cause of delay in all activities.
Wow!!!! the government.
“What is needed is to build a new one with the assistance of the Ministry of Arts and Culture of the CM according to the Building By Law, the new building has been 6 floors which can cost more than 100 crore tyngka.
What reward do they receive? Look at this example: In December 2019, I went to a shop in Seinduli.
Bah Synrem said that the union demands from the Government to employ these people, and the union will wait for some time on this demand, and added that if the Government is not quick to do anything, Your side doesn't have to accept it.
When asked whether the police will seek clarification from the LRO on the allegation, the SP said that the police are still considering this and will inform what steps they will take.
This will gradually affect the participation of leaders from different ethnic groups in the country.
Lessly Shylla, a coal trader from Jaintia Hills, was awarded the contract on 28th June, 2008 to complete the project for 33 years.
According to the Environmental Engineer of the MSPCB, F. Laloo, the company plans to mine 3,58,369 lakh tonnes (TPA) of coal per annum and 1,21,909 lakh tonnes (TPA) of clay per annum. 67,622 TPA of shyi and 47,279 TPA of soil per annum.
This support of ours is because the struggle is based on the future of our children in the land of Hynniewtrep.
The old policy did not include the pumped storage project, which is now included.
The time has come for us to express our concern and point out the shortcomings of the MLAs and Ministers who run the government as if it were a private company. .
There was also a concert by the musicians of Battle Rock – VI who have also won the title of 'kings of rock' in the area. Meghalaya has awarded prizes to the winners of the Wangala Festival, Garo War Dance and many schools and colleges.
Mukherjee said that research, development and innovation should be conducted in subjects as this is one of the reasons why young people go abroad after graduation because there is no like this.
Police have arrested the suspect and the investigation into the incident is ongoing to find out more about the suspects.
The Minister said that the youth who are aware of their talents but often do not get the opportunity to showcase their talents.
It is learned that these sheep, which are walking around, belong to house number
But the question we have to ask is, what will that reconciliation be like? Many political parties have spoken about this issue now, some have suggested that it should be resolved and not continued, some have suggested that the policy should be moved forward with the “Ka Give and Take” which means “the taking and exchange” of land,” said a statement from Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit.
Jes said that during the elections, the UDP has been talking to the people about this issue which is most important for our children and as they have put forward this issue. The UDP Mawkyrwat Circle together with Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA of the area have decided to support the government to renew the Reservation Policy. Not only the UDP but also the people have the same goal to demand that the appointment system should be reformed in the state because this is for the benefit not only in the state. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, but especially for the future,” said the Vice President of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde and Deputy Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday night left for New Delhi and met Union Home Minister Amit. Shah at his residence in Delhi to discuss many issues related to the state.
At this time, Bah Markynsai had full time to concentrate on this work, because it was impossible to go anywhere, and he used the time inside his construction site, to complete the work. to this can sap.
The complaint was lodged with the PIC Khapmara, and after a few days, the suspect surrendered to the police and was charged under sections 307, 326 IPC. The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) and the MPSO have come forward and strongly condemned the incident. The robber has no knowledge of anyone, especially his wife who has given birth to these 7 souls.
The Marwari said that the synsar was bought at different prices.
Khliehrymphum is a village under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh and has many houses but the road which is about 3 km long is very bad especially during the rainy season. rain.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of 110 Bn on 20th June foiled the attempt of smugglers by seizing up to 10,000 kilos of sugarcane smuggled into Bangladesh. through the border area of ​​Bholaganj and East Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Sangma acknowledged that although the scheme has been launched since 2012, it has not reached the rightful beneficiaries and informed that the government has taken steps to ensure that that the implementation of this scheme will be successful, leaving no one behind.
“We have been humiliated by the Congress in the state, which has not given any share to our party even when it supports the government,” Patel said.
Shylla has so far had 47 Ksing Ngap and expects that within this year he will have another 47 Kiaw to produce 94 ksing.
Warjri said that through this competition, it is also an opportunity for those who compete to shine and rise until they can take part in the national levels and reach the Olympics.
In East Garo Hills, 11 cases, 5 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 213 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Manipur Fire Brigade rushed to the scene and extinguished the fire.
Police are investigating into the incident and have arrested one suspect.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The 3rd Mawkynrew Cup Football Tournament of Mawkynrew District has started on Saturday 27th July 2022 at Mawleiñ Village Ground.
There is also a need to provide adequate training to teachers.
Training will be conducted by the Meghalaya Skills Development Society for the drivers and assistants.
Speaking on the occasion, Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang said that the Commission is only one person and should have included five other members. officers.
I am neither a woman nor a man, I am your MLA, I am your leader, forget gender, I will show more than any other guy.
Look at the Umkhrah River from its source and you will see that houses have been built on the rivers.
“The HYC wants to make it clear that it has not misled the people or undermined the intention of the Meghalaya Government to resolve the border issue with Assam.
He said that this is part of the training, so that the employees, to have the goal of working hard and producing a good income for the shopkeeper.
He also announced that the State Government will soon announce the vacancies for more than 3000 posts in the Home Department (Police) and more than 500 posts in the Civil Defense and Home Department. Guards.
Advocate Rahul Pawa, Expert Resource Person from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) was the speaker and gave detailed explanations on how to deal with and prevent the trafficking of children. The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall DC's Office, South West Khasi Hills District.
What is happening now is that a candidate from Sohiong Constituency has won because the saying goes, 'In the struggle, the winner is the winner.
When asked about the opposition of the people to the presence of BSF in the villages, Conrad said the Government will discuss this issue if there are any suggestions from the people.
However, as the Deputy Commissioner was not available, they did not have the opportunity to meet him.
“It is true that Gautam Buddha was born in Lumbini, Nepal. " and a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Nepal said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during his visit to Nepal in 2014, made it clear that Nepal is a country that has produce the bringer of peace in the world, where the Buddha was born"
The trail and selection, which is the first round of the JFA, will end tomorrow at the same venue for both men and women.
Prof. Baghel said that church leaders have a major role to play in bringing about change in children in need.
On the other hand, the SP urged the public who have lost or stolen cows to contact the Dawki Police Station.
Its color is blue or it may be blue.
Police sources said that after receiving a tip that the suspect was in his residence, the WJH police raided and arrested him.
“We would like to urge the supporters of the party to be vigilant against the actions of the parties in the MDA to disgrace us so that they can vote for us. ".
The union strongly condemns the Jowai Division Forest Department for its failure to curb the smuggling of saw timber and the overcrowding of illegal logging factories in East and West Jaintia Hills District.
After Prasad's defeat, Ankur came out and scored 58 runs first along with Palzor who scored 65 runs for the ninth wicket.
In the next match, Sutnga SSCC and Khliehriat West ended in a draw at Chiehruphi Stadium.
These three organizations including the HYC, Ri Bhoi, MPUF Ri Bhoi and MPSO, Ri Bhoi have visited these villages after receiving information from the people and the villagers. Raid leaders on the increasing number of Bangladeshis in Amdubighat and Panbari, which are villages inhabited by Bangladeshis.
President Murmu is the third President and the second woman President to fly.
Please call
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting will be held at Chad Square, Jowai at 9:30 pm in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS. :00 pm at Kroh Ksiar Pynthorwah Panaliar where P War, Chairman, Jowai Municipal Board, Jowai will be the chief guest.
DEEP2).
Not only that, there is another decision, which is more important and far-reaching and that is that the Supreme Court has recognized that the land owner has the right to own the land. , who are in his land and this is another issue, which empowers the Khasi, Jaintia, Garo to feel ownership of their own land.
Shillong: Members of COMSO on Saturday visited and condoled the 14 persons who were seriously injured in the rally held by COMSO on 13th November at the Civil Hospital.
Rishan Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Lumputhoi in the 17th minute.
Request Daniel Khongsit not to reach out to the newspapers to clarify but if there are any issues to clarify only in the Dorbar Kyntang.
On the second day of the Subroto Cup, organized by the District Sports Officer, Jowai, 17 goals were scored and two matches were decided by tie breaker on Friday.
“This incident to my son is very sad, because he is a strong man who knows how to earn a living to provide for his family, his wife and children,” she said. Elena said.
“We have held a review meeting with the new contractors in the past 10-15 days and the purpose is to look at their preparations and give approval for this. it is the time and season of work and therefore they should do everything they can to expedite the start and completion within the next six months,” said Conrad.
This decision was taken after AL Hek was sworn in as one of the Ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) coalition government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The decision to introduce this scheme came after the State Government decided to relocate the Secretariat and other Government Departments to New Shillong Township.
At least 10 people have been killed and one missing after the roof of a gym in northeastern China collapsed, authorities said on Monday. .
The General Secretary of the MBBA, Kong Jessica Bamon, has expressed her deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Balaphrang, who was one of the players who has won many titles and honours. but the whole state.
On many days, the traffic jam has decreased in the past five years due to the implementation of many measures introduced by the government, such as the introduction of electric buses and the EV Policy, among many others, he said at a press conference.
However, his habit of going to bed early in his village has affected his sleep time.
In conclusion, he thanked the family of the author who have been his encouragement and support in all aspects which has enabled him to publish this book.
The households consist of 977 households and of these 222 households are Catholic households.
From Pung came the kings of Nongspung, from Lieh came Shahjer, the first king of the Nongkhlaw Hima; From Teng came the chief basans of the Nongsteng Raij of the Sohra Hima, from Lang came the chief basans of Kurkalang of the Mylliem Raij of the Shyllong Hima.
The Ministry of Education and Literacy of the Government of India as part of the Amrit Mahotsav or the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country has organized the Fit India School Week which has allowed schools to hold this event. program from 14th December and concludes on 12th November 2021.
Improving resources in the health sector has remained a key priority over the past five years.
“Also to avoid any tragic incidents for the pedestrians,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Nongpoh, November 12: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Nongpoh Circle has strongly opposed the appointment of the Syiem of Raid Iapngar as a member of the Federation Traditional Durbar (FTD) of KHADC led by CEM Bah Pynshngain N.Syiem.
The BJP, which has turned its head from the coalition government of Conrad K Sangma, has remained the same until the election.
The venue of the song is Cham Cham Village.
Formalin is also used in hospitals, factories and many other purposes.
On the other hand, the WKSU demands that the state government should investigate as soon as possible the inability to appoint a full time Principal of the government school in Nongstoiñ for the benefit of the students. student of the area.
The Golden Jubilee was celebrated with a March Pass by the students of St. John Bosco Boys' High School, Sohra and Indira RCLP-UP School, Khliehshnong, Sohra.
Speeches were delivered by Jubinal Rymbai, Niman Shadap, Thei Shylla, Deimonmi Bhoi, E Nongrum and others who said that in the past three years the MDA government led by the NPP has brought many problems. especially the low-income households.
Rescue teams have rushed to the scene to search for the survivors.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Bolong R. Sangma has been arrested by the Police for spreading a video on the 16th of this month on allegations that the Electronic Voting Machine who has done this.
Therefore, the construction of the market without proper inspection has caused losses to the council and is just a spectacle to mislead the people without any benefit.
In the second half, Mizoram scored two more goals to give the team a 4-1 lead through Lalremruati in the 65th minute. Lalrinmawi scored the third goal in the 73rd minute.
In many parts of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills it can be planted only in early January and harvested in May.
On the other hand, u Bah Tynsong appealed to the people especially those who have been infected with this disease not to be afraid because it could be like in other states of India where those who have been infected Patients with this disease have to be tested up to 6 times to get a negative result.
The vehicle was driven by Teiborlin Mythong, 36, of Mawrang Rambrai.
Speaking to media, SK Sun said that these Coke factories in Shallang have been operating illegally without permission from the Meghalaya State Pollution Board for at least 2 years. year approximately.
MEMRIWU Spokesperson Bah Roypar Kharraswai said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has made it clear that he cannot take a decision alone according to the demands of the MEMRIWU. The Government was forced to take over the management of Emergency Medical Services.
Since the time of the Prime Minister, (L) Capt.
A team of five CBI members arrived at 10.40 pm at Bharti's residence in Pandara Park in Delhi where Lalu Prasad was staying after undergoing treatment. after the resurrection.
“Many Khasi youths who are involved in various sports are facing difficulties due to the lack of attention of the government to develop in this field and the lack of a proper sports policy.
Explaining on the need for a Government College in Ri Bhoi, the RBSU leader said that at present there are only six districts in the state, which have a Government College, but Ri Bhoi District, which has been one of the oldest and largest districts in terms of population, does not have a single Government College. It is indeed a blessing for those students who come from poor families and do not have the opportunity to study outside the District.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer (DSO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has announced the names of the boys and girls who will represent the district in the State Level Inter School Athletic Meet scheduled to be held this month. This month in Shillong.
Shillong, July 12 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday said that the announcement of odd/even numbers for commercial vehicles as directed by the High Court in two parts of the state has been announced. The city of Shillong has now brought about a stir.
We would be very pleased to hear the explanation from the Principals on this,” said the statement.
“If the students who pass well in math and science come into the teaching profession, the students who are taught by them will be skilled and the teachers will be skilled,” he said. book.
The internet on mobile phones will be opened from 6 pm tomorrow, he said.
“If the government pays the salaries of the teachers in the People's College, why doesn't the government build or bring in government colleges?
The Jaraiñ SDH of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division will be the second SDH in the State after the upgradation of Jengjal PHC to Jengjal SDH in 2021 when Jengjal was under Dadenggre Civil Sub. -Division (43 KM distance from Dadenggre HQ to Jengjal).
He said that there are some places where the garbage flows into the Myntdu River like Chahtngit, Gate, Moo, Riatsasim where people break and hide garbage and these flow into the Myntdu River. I'm going to Jowai.
KHLIEHRIAT: A bus carrying BSF troops has collided with a 100 feet high tree at Umtyra village, East Jaintia Hills District this morning.
In fact, there is no need to hold elections as in the past.
In addition, if there is a dead cow, the cow should be buried properly and all cow markets within 10 km of the affected area should be closed. they should be completely closed.
He said the court has also ordered the government through its lawyer to prepare a report on this to submit to the court.
In Jowai, the idol of Durga was immersed in Khyllem part of the Myntdu River, while in Nartiang, the idol of Durga was immersed in the Myntang River, which is located near the Durga Temple, the oldest temple in the world. He was the king of Jaintiapur for a hundred years.
The Green Tax, also known as the Environmental Protection Tax, is usually levied on old and high-emitting vehicles.
Dalammi Dauni Rymbai said that he spends five hours a day reading and during the examinations he spends many hours.
He said that he has distributed many simcards to GNLA members in the past months.
However, it should only be from the front it and a few parts.
The high-level committee, set up by the Government of Sikkim to look into the issues related to the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, on Tuesday. -Ar this month, the Chief Secretary of the State – VB Pathak has submitted its report.
It is alleged that the money she earned from 100 days wages has been cut to T.5093.00p and has not been returned yet.
We have nothing against the Congress Leaders.
Not only that, there are also those who produce words that they really need, even in addition to the salary they have received.
In her speech, the President of India, Droupadi Murmu said that early education is very important in the lives of people.
It is God who has written our names on his hands.
At the same time, the union has warned the MePDCL electricity department that such incidents should not happen again and all the places where transformers are installed in manla villages should be well guarded so that He said that such incidents of electricity supply to children will not happen again but if it happens again, the organization will take the necessary action.
The routes for the Shillong Run in the Senior category (18 years and above) will start from Parking Lot, Polo Ground – Polo Bazar – Lad Lawmali Lad Jaïaw Lansonalane – Jaïaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Raj Bhavan – Barik – Dhanketi – Don Bosco Square – Shillong Commerce College – PGT College – B.K.Bajoria School – 4th Furlong – Polo Bazaar and end at the Parking Lot, Polo.
The President of the HYC visited Sardar PS after being summoned to appear before the HYC for raiding and destroying illegal houses at Lum Survey yesterday. 23 January 2024.
Nongstoiñ, November 8: As part of the preparations for the elections to be held next year, Dr. Mul Sangma, former Chief Minister and Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, has said that , on Friday 8th November 2013, arrived in Nongstoin to inaugurate the office of the Trinamool Congress.
Those other Jews who were scattered to Africa and Asia also had the face and skin of the peoples of these countries.
Shillong: Police today seized a pistol from a man from Wahpomdngiem, St. Anthony College, Shillong.
There was also a wreath laying ceremony at Mot Tirot by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and other dignitaries.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in a statement sent by its president Samla Ohibait Dkhar has expressed its strong opposition to the state government's plan to bring back the 30 trucks carrying coal from the state. Assam to come to the state to supply coal to cement factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
At present, only the lawyer of the Government of India is left to defend the case.
According to a source close to the District Council Affairs (DCA), the State Government through the DCA has sent the issues that need to be reviewed by the KHADC regarding the restructuring of the District Council Affairs (DCA). AD Rules and this will be sent from 18th June,
Block 1 and Block II of Jaintia Hills were transferred to Assam in
“When I spoke to the Waheh Shnong of Ratacherra, Bah P.Dhar, he said that it is a shame because when the leaders from Assam come in vehicles, the journalists of Assam They have already waited and taken pictures, how beautiful it is, how happy and beautiful it is, while from Meghalaya there is not a single journalist to do the job.
Hebrews 11:11.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong, 11: A foreign worker has arrived in Rambrai, near Mawïawtep village. The Rambrai-Mawdoh road has surprised the public and informed the leaders of the Rambrai Circle.
In the second leg, Nangbah Khloopano beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu 2-1
The curfew will be in force from 9 pm to 5 pm for the next three days.
And this is the old man who is still working here.
They are like Christians who carry a Bible with them; but they did not obey or apply its teachings.
Even from the KAM team, the fighters are very good according to the Juk.
“The proposal to set up an electric charging station in the state has been inspected by the IAS officers who have selected the site at Lumjingshai.
The number of unemployed registered with the Employment Exchange as of 31st November 2018 is 31614 of which 17826 are females and 13788 are males.
The protest is expected to continue until Tuesday.
The US decision has been announced by several Washington officials in the past few days.
A meeting on this will be held again to take a final decision on its implementation.
Longshuwa was also a hunter.
Pakistan have not played in the two rounds of the 13th edition of the tournament since
In the second semi final, Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS beat Ïewrynghep SS 2-1 in the tie-breaker.
The source said that the investigation team of the CM has conducted raids at about 13 places, including the residence of the Minister of Home Affairs at Michael Nagar in North 24 Parganas. district.
In the evening, there will be a Shad Kalang with the participation of women in traditional costumes.
The Elite XI team won by 8 runs.
The CBI today conducted searches in Mawlai, Mairang, Upper Shillong, Pynursula, Raid Laban, Lumparing and Jaiaw Laitdom and other parts of Shillong.
Nongpoh, Lber 10: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday opened two more offices in Ri Bhoi District to strengthen its leadership. to carry out the activities of the party for the sake of empowering the people of the community and the area in Ri Bhoi District.
In 2012, Purno Sangma became the NDA candidate and many did not support him, but now the NDA is in a state of shock and desire to bring foreigners to the post of President of India. it was fruitful.
No one can help the farmers, not even the government can do anything.
“It should take all necessary measures to help us by sending food, clothes, medicines, household items, blankets and other necessities by helicopter,” he said. said the residents of the area.
Memorial Khongkai, SDO West Khasi Hills District, was the chief guest and was accompanied by Bah Thingdar Lyngdoh, one of the Hill State Fighters of Nongstoin.
These areas are used to parade women models every night along the road and such a place does not fall under any village or Rangbah Shnong. They are no longer the places within the Khasi country, which we call the country of knowledge of man and knowledge of God.
The EM said that the public footpaths and roads are places that no one can own , and the department will investigate and punish those who violate .
However, Adelbert said that the General Convention was held at his residence, which the members of the party were not aware of, the press and media were not aware of it and we think only the neighbors were not aware of it.
Surendra said Sapna's job was like when Sonia was in Italy.
He urged the farmers not only to farm for sale or to earn money, but also to think about the health of their own children.
“From now on I hope that the MPSC will issue a new announcement regarding the posts of LDA – Secretariat, Veterinary Officer and Junior Divisional Accountant and so on,” said Bah Nongrum.
This is the 14th Mile Northern Range in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi.
He said that after discussion, the meeting decided to set up another committee to review the IRA and also to ensure that the land titles issued by the three ADCs should be accepted. “It's up to the authorities including the banks,” said Prestone.
The woman said that the police have urged the villagers to make peace, but she has not refused because she alleges that these people have evil intentions against her and she wants to that the Police should do something about these people.
The list of the Executive Committee of JHADC will be announced by the Governor within 10 days.
“These are serious issues.
Other speakers included the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr Roderico H Ofrin, WR, WHO, India and others.
But there was one thing that Abraham did that was a sign of his imperfection.
Those who want to celebrate with religion can, but those who want only custom can, and in this age it must be approved by the law of the District Council.
The statement said that the police complaint is only a threat and the union will continue to hold more protests and will not listen to anyone for the sake of the party. the nation.
The Commission headed by CEC Rajiv Kumar together with ECs Gyanesh Kumar and Sukhbir Singh Sandhu, has held meetings with the DG, Narcotics Control Bureau to take measures to ensure the action of the Nodal Officers of the Bureau. NCB. The participation of the DRI, Indian Coast Guard, state police and other groups in the ongoing elections has also been confirmed.
Sending a clear message to the people living on the border, he said, “This EC will be a source of joy for the people living on the border.
Two of them, a 20-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman, are undergoing treatment in Dimapur, while another, a 26-year-old man, is undergoing treatment in Kohima.
It may be recalled that before the meeting of the three parties on the 15th of this month and also the CEC of the UDP which was held on the same day, in the morning, while talking to reporters, Bah Ardent said: He said that no matter what the decision of the three parties, the intention to speak at the public meeting on the 19th will not change at all and it remains the same in his mind. He intended to speak to end the confusion within the ARPA and to clarify these confusions.
On the other hand, he said the government's increase in the Contingency Fund could affect the budget of the departments especially when the government does not have the funds.
At the same time, she said that the donation of blood also brings health to the blood donor.
According to a statement sent by the Secretary of KJCLF, Dr.EH Kharkongor, the group said, “KJCLF extends its deepest condolences to all the families who have suffered the loss of their members. in the tragic incidents in Mukroh, and also the grief of various ethnic groups and groups who have expressed their feelings in various ways and means around the place in these few days. the dep.
Regarding the conservation of the soil, Bah has maintained the forests so that the herbalists can benefit from the use of herbal medicines from this forest.
If once the reply of good to evil seems to be a snowstorm, one day good will triumph over evil and this will bring about change.
The Assam Police have launched a search operation against a swimming coach who is also the supervisor of the Sports Authority of India's fitness training centre. (SAI) in Salalgaon, Assam for being involved in the illegal lifting of hands by young athletes, including children who went for training at the shlem.
This village was one of the oldest villages in the Riwar Sepngi area – as can be seen from the signs of the ancient param –.
This shows the nature of many of the leaders of the Seng Bhalang.
Lahkmen said the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) under the Ministry of Education has given permission to Kiang Nangbah to start the four-year Integrated Course to bring about a change in the curriculum. The Sohra Sub Division has been in turmoil after the defeat of the NPP candidate from Shella, Kong Grace Mary. Kharpuri on UDP candidate Balajied Kupar Synrem until they reached the border to throw stones at the office of SDO Civil Sub Division and the new court and the cleaning of hills and rivers on Friday.
“We have to examine thoroughly and we have to ask for the opinion of the MDCs, Syiems, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars,” said Bah PN Syiem. Speaking to Rupang at his office, he said that the Meghalaya Landlord Regulation Bill, 2013 is a Bill introduced by the Congress government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister.
“The Lokayukta shall appoint the Directors of these departments from among the names and Government employees sent and approved by the State Government.
Mairang, Naiwieng 27: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang, has imposed a penalty under Section 144 Cr.
Especially in the life and death of the country, in the income and in the trade of inheritance, we must be thoughtful and not just follow others without understanding what is missing.
They wanted me to become a Teacher and I finally decided to open a school," she said, remembering the lack of schools and education in the early days.
There was no rainfall in Shillong yesterday and today.
Referring to the closure of primary schools in the state government, the youths said that even the government teachers do not receive salaries.
Therefore, the ceremony was held only in Shillong at the State Convention Centre, Pinewood.
He added that it needs a proper body and law because even if it is an Inner Line Permit (ILP) it doesn't make sense without a proper body on it.
To commemorate the 1000th anniversary of the visit of Sadhu Sundar Singh, I bring to you this article about this poor Christian of India and this article is based on the books. which cannot be found.
He also expressed the hope that the youth of Meghalaya will also benefit from this scheme.
“This turn of events of the HSPDP has allowed the Congress to win the election,” said the UDP Youth Wing.
According to him, the state has not been able to implement the Choice Based Credit System at the undergraduate level since 2016 and that is why there is a shortage of major papers compared to other institutions. in the country.
The Adviser of the group, Kong Sony Kharjana, said that as the Minister, she should have spoken clearly on the issue.
About 12 beauty queens have come to take part in the competition, where the winners will get the opportunity to represent the state in one of the Miss India pageants, the Miss India Miss International India and Miss Multinational India and the runner-up won the Miss Teen India pageant.
The Government of Assam has been implementing the project smoothly without any interference from the authorities of Meghalaya.
net/meghalayaSMS codes:For SSLC (Class X) – MG10 rollno to 58888SMS – MBOSE10ROLLNUMBER – send it to 56263For HSSLC (Arts) – MG12A rollno 58888SMS – MBOSE16 –AROLLNU.
He said that government departments used to come to teach farmers how to build terraces, but the condition of the land did not suit them.
The HSPDP has given 10 days to Bah LG Nongsiej and Bah Morning Mawsor to withdraw their support from the PDF within 10 days. apologize, otherwise they will be kicked out of the party.
It is necessary to shape the mind.
The JHADC has canceled the election of the Waheh Shnong of the Dorbar Shnong Khliehtyrshi due to irregularities.
Arbinus Lyngdoh said that all the 12 MDCs who joined the PDF have passed training from the Congress, UDP and HSPDP. UDP, HSPDP, we are like a sohphlang while we are getting better and better, it is up to you the people to pass the training in 2018 like us, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem will be our leader,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. Arbinus.
Speaking on the arrival of Dr FA Khonglam as MLA, Rymmai said that Dr Khonglam has won the love of the people through his kindness, purity of heart, in which he carries with him a telescope. If you find a person sick, you examine them regularly. This is the reason why people love and trust them and don't forget them.
After the MDA-2 led by the National People's Party (NPP) failed to discuss the state reservation policy, VPP leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said: The indefinite strike which started on Tuesday in front of the gate of the Secretariat, Shillong.
Revelation 22:1
The government has sent a letter to the leaders of the political parties for hearing, but no political party has gone to the hearing except Agnes Kharshiing and Evengelyne Thangkhiew. Other leaders who have been named and did not attend the hearing include KSU President Daniel Khyriem, KSU President Aguster Jyrwa-GS, FKJGP President Joe Marwein, FKJGP President Joe Marwein. Welbert Rani HNYF, Gretis Honorable Kharshanlor, Sadon Blah Bada, Livingstone Thangkhiew HNYF, SSSS-President R Dkhar, General Secretary Shanbor Buhphang, AJYWO-President MH Dkhar, GS R.Ryngkhlem President JYF DL Rymbai and GS Bah Elnathan Pale and GS Rikut N Parein, RBYF Banbuhai Makdoh, GS LK Sawkmie, KWADDA President Neby Rapthap, H Kharbani, GSU ​​President Tengsak Momin and GS John Miltu A Sangma. Jacklinbirth D Sangma and GS Bivash R Marak, AIGU President Albert Marak and GS Water M Sangma and AYWO President Adinson Ch Momin and GS Sengmen N Sangma.
The Cabinet today passed the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (Amendment) Bill, 2020, which will amend the existing Act of 1871 and will be tabled in the House. to become a member of Parliament.
Citrus Fruits : Citrus fruits such as citrus fruits, citrus fruits, mylleng, primam are rich in vitamin C, which has been shown to improve mental health and reduce mental stress. .
Jowai, Jymmang 17: Vendors in Iawmusiang, Jowai are no longer willing to start selling using the footpaths just to support themselves and this has disturbed many visitors.
At the same time, Bah Adelbert expressed his regret that he did not come to take part in the election of Dr Donkupar as Lamphang.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has banned the closure of shops within 10 pm in Shillong.
Rangdajied, under the leadership of these two, on Monday also launched the jersey for the tournament, both home and away.
Singh has also been the Junior and Senior National Champion in swimming for many years and has also won the Asian Swimming Championships.
After his retirement, we don't know whether there will be others who will step into his shoes and the fear is that in the 2018 elections, like the Congress, it will be able to walk empty-handed from the two seats. in the District of Jaintia Hills.
The Oxygen Generation Plant can produce up to 150 LMP, which has also been of great benefit to the hospital if there are any people who are seriously ill and urgently in need of oxygen tanks inside the hospital. .
The post of Rangbah Shnong, which is a voluntary post of any Rangbah, should not be a chance to find an employment problem.
To vaccinate like this campaign means that we want all children in Meghalaya to be protected against Measles and Rubella, diseases that if not vaccinated, can also lead to the death of the child. life.
“As of now, we still have other MLAs from other parties who want to support the NPP and we will continue to talk and discuss and I cannot reveal them yet. but the MLAs who don't support are still many”.
The RDA, which has nominated Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin as its candidate for the Lok Sabha election from Shillong seat, has also promised in its agenda to take action to ensure that the signboards in the border areas. The country's economy should be below the zero-line and also to pay compensation to those people who have had to lose their land into Bangladesh.
The Minister also informed the media that he is in talks with the Ministry of Railways, the Central Government, and requested that it is necessary to hold consultations with various groups before taking any action.
Jowai: The Lukha River, which turns red every year, has regained its original appearance within 21 days of the lockdown to fight against Covid-1 and the cleanliness of the sea was seen again, and even the fish began to come again.
In a petition submitted to the DGP, the Seng said that all the BOPs in Meghalaya especially in Jaintia Hills which have witnessed many incidents of violence in the past need to be strengthened. which also alleged that there have been incidents of violence and killing of villagers by people from Assam.
Mizoram has 11,973 homeless people from Manipur as of 23rd November.
“The Government should improve the teachers of the State by introducing policies that will help to respect the teachers of the State,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Mukul Sangma said it is wrong and a violation of the rights of the people if the KHADC does not issue the NOC for the construction of the road.
Don’t let the money of the rich buy your will and decisions.
Therefore, the Umïam Dam is in danger of not being able to generate electricity if there is no heavy rainfall in the coming days to fill the Dam as usual in previous years. .
Shillong, Lber 29 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today led a Cabinet to meet with Defense Minister Amit Shah tomorrow in Delhi to discuss the border settlement between Meghalaya. and Assam.
Wandonbok said that there are many other reasons for their opposition to the DC's order, one is that the DC has forced them to evict the passengers. only half way.
In the second half, Wanbiang Sana scored the second goal for West Jaintia Cultural Society by 2-0 against West Jaintia Cultural Society. Wadladmi Nangngi in the 46th minute.
He said the state has increased the budget for the education department from Rs 300 crore in 1972 to Rs 4,500 crore in the 2022-23 budget year. They are the sources of determination whether as a state we have declined or increased after we have received our state.
On Garo Hills, he said that as of now, the VPP will field candidates in Garo Hills as well.
A few days ago, Bah Ioannis Narleng, Rangbah Shnong of Baridua and Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, were attacked by a group of people in front of the Syiem's ​​office. Mylliem in Shillong, where the threat came true today, the Rangbah Shnong has been attacked by unidentified persons.
Out of the 362438 beneficiaries in 2014, 257 persons with disabilities benefited from this scheme and in 2015, 236 out of 473237 beneficiaries.
In other countries of the world there is a tradition of national struggle which they do not lose, these countries which have developed in many areas, but they remember their own struggle and every year they make them these games that they have inherited from the past.
(B) The seedlings that have been grown for thousands of years and (K) The method of planting the rice.
Before reaching the final, the team had to play in the semi final after losing by two goals to Jharkhand, but came back strongly to win the match 5-3 Mebanlamlynti scored 4 goals alone.
The rally is scheduled to be held at Lachumiere and from there they will march to the Secretariat.
In the first half, Brazil scored 10 goals against Croatia.
Shillong: Professor Lakhon Kma, a lecturer in the subject Bio-science, has announced that he will contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary constituency. chemistry at NEHU, where her research is on tuberculosis and how to use radiation to test these herbal remedies and to find out if there are any herbal remedies that can treat rheumatoid arthritis. There is a record of bampong disease in those who treat Khasi medicine.
In the past years, they didn't think about the nation until such a time, they came out and expressed their love for the nation, which was only a sign to deceive them. public.
Mitchael, understanding that he will not get a ticket from the NPP, has joined the UDP in 2022 to contest the MLA election in 2023 from Mylliem constituency.
Dominic Sungoh and Living Phawa scored the two goals.
Initially, the government was formed between the NCP, UDP, HSPDP, KHNAM and Independents, with Dr. Donkupar Roy as Chief Minister. The NCP and the Congress have opposed the proposal and have proposed to work together between the Congress Meghalaya and the UDP. DD Lapang has been appointed as Chief Minister and JD Rymbai has been appointed as Chief Minister.
“According to the dulir, the KHADC bought the land in Mawkyrwat in 2014 at a price of T.35,240,3
Speaking on the NPP-led government in Meghalaya, the CM said, “In these seven years of our rule, we have faced many challenges, but we have been able to fight against them. them and to advance activities aimed at advancing the State.
In 1987 he was elected as the Asst Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Hills and in the following year in 1988 after the resignation of the Rangbah Shnong he was appointed as the Acting Rangbah Shnong until .
Expressing his surprise at the Minister's action, Bah Nongsiang said it is surprising that Dr Laloo has listened even though in fact the teachers have already requested him to set a date to meet with the teachers since last year.
The organizers of the program also hope that the tourism exhibitions produced by Nagaland and Meghalaya will encourage Europeans to visit these two states in the North East. India.
He said that if the government had not appointed independent investigations, the people would have accused the government of trying to hide something.
The employees of MCCL have been struggling to meet the needs of the household.
He said that the people should not be discouraged when they do good and as the Seng will be with the people of the area at any time they need.
“To be leaders we have to face many challenges, but to survive the country and the nation we are ready to go to jail and if the police register many cases we don't care but they shouldn't register. case that you are a drug addict or a drug addict, said the vice president.
“The construction of this road will lead to the development of the area and especially in trade,” he said.
The 33/11 KV power outage in Byrnihat in June 2021, which caused a loss of Rs 1 crore per month, is unbelievable. Furthermore, perhaps many of us don't know about the vehicles used by MeECL to transport the employees and in my conversation with these drivers, I have received a lot of information. Some of these vehicles belong to these employees of the Corporation but they cheat by buying in the names of other people and some in their own names.
I've lost all my wealth to you if I count,” said the father and sat down on a soft chair. “I don't understand where these things came from in my house.
The UDP is no longer the key holder as it was in 2018 but has become the key holder.
Tsitsipas, who lost in the final of the tournament in July to Serbian opponent Novak Djokovic, has also become a skilled player in his own right. u in receiving training from Mark.
The closing date for submission of nominations will be on 27th October at 6.00 pm and for more information please call 9366115391/
However, they should not listen when there is wrongdoing on any part so that the rule will not be destroyed.
He added that for almost 20 years, the Adhoc Schools have not received any assistance, while other necessities such as assistance, repair of equipment, distribution of uniforms. ) for students and others received by SSA schools. “We urge the Minister to look into this issue for the implementation of the proposal to upgrade to Deficit Systems to ensure equal pay. for the same work", he said.
Then the young man was afraid and went to tell the Engineer what had happened.
Therefore, this shows that the announcement by the state government for those who have disabilities, is only as a demonstration of the compliance with the order of the central government, but not from the heart or not to be fully implemented.
New Delhi, Naitung 26: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, on Tuesday said that the North East will not grow in terms of economic development only by fighting without living in Delhi. he sent the central government authorities to go up and leave for the area.
In a statement, Dr. Myrboh said that while the government is being formed, the parties in the MDA, NPP, UDP, BJP, PDF, HSPDP and others, are investigating. On the corruption cases in the state, the investigations appointed by this government will not reach anywhere, but will only be a waste of public money.
So after the descent of the Holy Spirit, Peter began to preach on the day of Pentecost.
Earlier, the AMDA had scheduled to hold the meeting on the 1st of June but due to unavoidable reasons, the date was postponed to the 8th.
These jerseys were launched today at a function held at Madan Malki, Shillong.
Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of State and MLA of Rongara Siju constituency, has expressed his concern over the condition of roads in Garo Hills which have deteriorated and caused problems to the commuters.
“The police have not arrested me because they don't have any witnesses against me,” said Mulakkal.
In his tweet, Conrad wrote, “AFSPA should be repealed.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, the Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ATP) has arrested the suspect. 18 grams of heroin were seized from his body.
After the meeting, certificates were distributed to government departments and villages who took part in various programs of the World Environment Day.
The election for the Symbud Lamphang will be held on the 20th and it is clear that Timothy will be elected unopposed.
However, compared to other general aspects, each group has its own advantages and disadvantages that the people remain in darkness and hesitate to make a decision.
“This construction is expected to be completed by July 30, 2013, when the Umiam Bridge will be fully opened for traffic. Regarding the reinforcement of the supporting pillars of the bridge, Goyal said, “Based on the technical report submitted by IIT Guwahati and after a thorough inspection this bridge once again restored to its appearance as it had been since its construction.
The committee was headed by Additional Chief Secretary KS Kropha.
Shillong, June 2: The Congress Youth Congress (MPYC) and the Congress Women's Wing (MPYC) have staged a protest by holding placards and sitting at Congress Bhavan against the excessive price hike of petrol. ,Diesel and petroleum products.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday inaugurated the road and bridge projects in East Garo Hills, the L051-Nengmandalgre to Daribokgre (Mandalgre) road which is 35 km long. The L042 Cherangre to Sisobibra (Nengmandalgre to Gitokgre) of 7.820 km, the 51.68 meter bridge over the Rongon River and the 51.68 meter bridge over the Rongre River at the meeting held at Nengmandalgre Square.
Of the 47 cases, 21 are from Golaghat, four from Lakhimpur, eight from Morigaon, three from Goalpara, one from Hojai, one from MMCH, two from Karbi Anglong and five from Nagaon.
Two of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills districts.
Speaking to reporters, some of the youths who went to search and found her that night said that when they found her, she was clean and had no clothes left, but they They said that only blood was lyngkien in the forest and they said that she had been raped.
Other parts of Shillong have already been supplied with water by Phase-I and Phase-II. Shillong which falls under Phase-I and Phase-II has been flooded (about 65 per cent) and only about 35 per cent has reached the water supply for use in households or places of need.
India Today-Axis puts the AAP from 59 to 68 and the BJP from 2 to 11. The ABP-CVoter puts the BJP from 49 to 63 and 19 votes respectively. The Congress party has lost a lot of votes in the 2015 MLA elections.
Not only Bah Sandondor, but other office bearers will leave the HSPDP for many reasons. It is to be recalled that there are two HSPDP MLAs who have joined the MDA-2 government led by Bah Shakliar Warjri has been appointed as the first Minister in the government.
The State Government has filed this request before the Meghalaya High Court which has taken up to hear the case relating to the cremation ground of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram on Tuesday.
The HNLC has called a curfew to protest against the harassment of Christians in New Delhi, the harassment of truck drivers and the delay in releasing the report on the shooting death in Mookhep.
Paham Kanchoh: In another village, there are two street houses with an area of ​​about 50,000 sq ft owned by Shaikordor Rumnong and this land was bought by Nirupama Saikia and registered. Brahmaputra Infratech and later bought it from Brahmaputra Infratech and from that moment onwards they started building a house and also the ground where the Dreamland Resort is located about 30 acres was owned by Bah TH Rngad Basah. The NOC was obtained from the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara and the Trading License from KHADC. They don't want to go to Assam through letter No.D/S/P-22 dated 14/03/2
In these days, when there is a death or any public works, it is no longer possible to get the cooperation as in the past because the growth of income makes the people proud.
Investigation revealed that the victim was also raped by another accused, Lumding Syiemlieh.
The decisions taken at the meeting were that the salary should be paid before the 5th of this month and that the uniforms should be paid before the payment of the salary and the pension of the employees.
Last month, he was awarded the Kiang Nangbah Award by the State Government.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that if the VPP seeks evidence to prove that those who disrupted the NPP rally in Umsning by shouting 'ha prah. ha u prah...' they are members of the VPP, they will play chess against the law.
On the reply from the Meghalaya High Court, he said, “It is up to the people to judge and I will think before going to the Supreme Court.
On the other hand, Pynshngain urged the two to reach an agreement so that the owners of trucks carrying dewbilat from the factory will not be harassed and said that he is ready to cooperate with anyone if it is Kyrshan. Dkhar and Balen Thursday.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that youths returning to Meghalaya from 11th July 2020 will have to pay their own fare from Guwahati to Meghalaya at the price of paid regularly.
The session will last for seven days. The works of the Government will be discussed on the 9th, 13th and 16th of November, while for other matters raised by the members of the Iingdorbar, It will be held on the 12th, 14th and 15th of November.
The list of Meghalaya's selected team is as follows: Goalkeeper Siwel Rymbai, Daraphun Talang, Lionel Daryl Rymmei Defender: Wanboklang Lyngkhoi, Donborlang Nongkynrih, Banskhemlang Mawlong, Brolington Warlarpih, Over Kindness L. , Dawan Plielad Myrchiang, Luke Syngkli are Defenders.
On the other hand, Bah Hering said that the MSL has been a great help in selecting the players to represent the State in foreign tournaments.
The figure also shows the difference in revenue collection from these items, which was between T.41,36,560 lakh in 2013-14 and T.29,38,426 lakh in 2014-1
I request the author of this article not to mislead the people by spreading false news because these false news affect many people.
Shillong, March 12: The results of the three matches of the SSA SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 were announced at the SSA Stadium and Polo on Friday.
Ksankupar Khongmalai scored the winning goal for the team in the 61st minute.
“This has been the Ïakjakor path that the government has taken and will affect the youth by banning political participation for qualified teachers,” he said.
Alan is one of the leaders of the Sohra District Demand Forum, which demands the upgradation of the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a district.
SWKH have lost on the opening day of the tournament against Ri-Bhoi.
Kohima: Mizoram Chief Minister Laldu Homa on Monday met with Nagaland Chief Secretary Y Patton in Aizawl.
The council expects to receive the share from the state government, but this payment is not accurate, as the state government pays little by little. In the year 2019-2020, the Government has released Rs 1,5329845/- from the Major Mineral and this has increased the income of the Council.
According to the Act, the government has allocated T.49,99,800 for the year 2013-2014 and T.49,99,800 for the year 2014-2015 to the education department.
He said the government's objective in implementing the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) implemented by the MSRLS in the state is to improve the income of the people in the state. villagers especially longkmie.
Now it is time for our State to enter the Election period – to elect new members of the State Legislative Assembly where some of them will form and to form a new Government to hold power in the State for the next five years.
Speaking on the occasion, Radha Mahan Singh said that the Central Government is struggling to find ways and means to improve the agriculture sector in the country. The development of agriculture and the development of income is an important part of the country.
Nongpoh, March 17: The two leading political parties in the state, the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP, have started emerging in Ri Bhoi District. It is also part of the preparations for the 2018 elections in the state.
Ecclesiastes says, “For all the days of man are sorrows, and his travail grief: yea, his heart taketh no rest in the night” (Ecclesiastes 2:23).
Dalah is good.
Ma Firmly Stnad Khonglah, in charge of the cluster, praised the hard work of the VO in providing these facilities for the convenience of all the residents in the village.
“I don't sit idly by,” said Bah Titos regarding the issue of MCCL. He said that in the Legislative Assembly he has strongly criticized the issue. He said that from time to time he has met with the government authorities to discuss the issue of MCCL. The last time he went to meet him was in November last year when he went with Dr. Donkupar Roy and they also led all the employees. MCCL to talk to the government.
The World Mission has so far provided assistance to 11 villages and more than 300 households within the Khasi-Jaintia border including the Mission's fields in Assam. and Nepal.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has recently enforced Section 144 CrPC in Ri Bhoi District, which has warned all heavy vehicles and especially trucks not to park in petrol stations. Pump ha Ri Bhoi, but it is surprising that until today, the District authorities of Ri Bhoi, have issued this order to remove all these trucks parked at Petrol Pumps or other places. you don't have a bag in Ri Bhoi.
The pollution of rivers and streams to kill fish for the sake of profit, selfishness and personal gain of some exploiters, is no longer new, but has happened since you for sha you for.
She also admitted that she has stopped China from coming to Arunachal Pradesh, the action has spoken louder than words, the Congress party admits that Modi is silent, but Rahul Gandhi should look. Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru said, “I shake hands for the North East,” Sitharahman said.
And why didn't former leaders like Larsing Khyrriem, MLA Jaintia (1952-1957) and Minister of Assam follow through with the authentic documents?
If Nangkiew wins today, it will reach the final.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: After a misunderstanding from many quarters on the position of the KSU Nongtrai Unit regarding the mass protest at Nongtrai in Phlangkaruh on the 20th of this month together with the The KSU, Nongtrai has submitted a petition to the public at the office of Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Limited (LUMPL).
I alone don't know how to call Shillong as “City”, or maybe I don't know how to call it “Busti” in Dkhar. It can also be called a "Mega Busti"
Demand for Grants – Demand for allocation of funds allocated for the development of society whether from planned or non-planned government departments. .
The Minister has introduced this initiative through modern technology which promotes not only a clean environment but also empowers the residents by showing them detailed explanations on the goals and objectives. step of the Government.
The CMA Fest will also be one of the festivals that has been held for many days and this year the singers will be divided into their own sections including those who will take part on the Platform. stage, Riverfront stage, Amp stage, Vibes stage and Reverb stage.
With the knowledge that man has acquired, it has brought about many differences and changes in the personality of mankind even in all the villages and lands.
Imphal: Manipur on Tuesday started facing a shortage of petrol due to the ban imposed by the Manipur government. AMPDA).
Speaking to media, KSU General Secretary Lambor Rymbai said, “After the incident, the KSU (NKHD) has been looking for the truth. The President said that on the 15th March evening, some members of the KSU who were coming and going stopped at Sumer to eat food. and thou shalt be a slave in Sumer.
Even in the midst of many problems.
We are waiting for the confirmation in six months,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
Congress leaders said Rahul has offered to resign from the post.
There are also dangerous forces that have entered our country in the past few days, and are still operating today, they are foreigners who are trying to confuse our traditional beliefs. the uniqueness of our nation.
At the same time, he expressed his great joy and thanks to the church leaders from various church groups to witness the opening of this church.
The MLAs have been sleeping inside the House and demanded that the newly drafted Bill come to the House on Tuesday.
Up to 2 lakh tickets have already been sold for the film at a cost of T.2,0
“Our voice is a weapon and I have used it for the people.
The new cases include EGH: 14, EJH: 06, EKH: 190, NGH: 21, RBD: 56, SGH: 19, SWGH: 07, SWKH: 14, WGH: 67, WJH: and WKH: 19.
Subjects such as Hinduism, Sikhism, Jainism, Islam including Khasi religion and others were taught except science.
Regarding the service, Bah Marweiñ said that Pastor Oinam Rabi will also be present to distribute the message from the Word of God. Singh and others from Manipur, therefore the Church invites and invites all the Christians and non-Christians to attend this service so that They will receive spiritual blessings and teachings from the Word of God and there will also be a special prayer for the sick.
The yatra will pass through the Nalhar Mahadev Temple in Nuh and then elsewhere, where many women and children take part and then we go to the temple to pray. kirtan and we will leave the same place.
They said that the union will monitor the dumping of garbage in the area by talking to the villagers and if necessary they will meet with the higher authorities to stop the dumping of garbage in the area. Immediately stop throwing garbage in the area, as it will affect the health of the people living nearby.
During the meeting, they urged the government to create the means and conditions to meet with these insurgents and to provide them with the means to become human beings.
The HSPDP had earlier announced that it would not take part in the presidential election because it is against the candidates of both the parties.
It is learned that the robbers are from Garo Hills and have demanded from the family members of the deceased to pay up to 7 lakh tyngka for the release of the deceased. They also ordered the family members to deliver the money on the first day of the month.
Take the example of the Shillong Chamber Choir.
The court has sentenced Beldingstar Khardewsaw to jail for failing to complete his sentence while under investigation and to pay a fine of ` 10,0 and if he fails to pay the fine, he shall be imprisoned for another 1 month.
Shillong: The Lakadong District Sports Association (ELSA) has continued to hold the 1st Lakadong District Knockout Football Tournament 2021-22 at Lama village.
There are 12,779 confirmed cases so far and 32,384 have been discharged from hospitals, Sarma said on Twitter.
It is necessary for the Hon'ble MLAs of the VPP to consider the facts and the decision of the Hon'ble High Court regarding the explanation of this appointment.
He said that with the advancement of technology, sometimes the people rely on many cases so he urged the students to use the traditional knowledge they have and to use it. the use of existing means of peace.
After that, due to the lack of access to the scheme, the residents asked for clarification from the Sordar, but he said that all the money he had collected he sent to the C&RD Block to the BDO. The residents of the block have gone to inquire through the public information search from the block and found that there was no such thing and the BDO also denied that he took the money.
This year there are 166 Puja pandals in the state including 87 in East, South and West Khasi Hills, 11 in Ri-Bhoi, 9 in Jaintia Hills and 54 in Garo Hills.
Nongpoh, Naitung 18: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today visited the Ri Bhoi District to encourage the Saiden Secondary School, which is one of the under-17 teams, has been selected to represent the district in the State Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament held in Shillong.
Secondly, it is the addiction to alcoholic beverages, cigarettes as a starting point followed by alcohol, marijuana and drugs which destroy the mental and physical strength.
Due to the lockdown, the employees of JHADC have had to stay at home for these days but on Tuesday they were sent to work but suddenly they decided to protest against the EC. They also decided to stop working indefinitely if the JHADC cannot pay their salaries.
In 1965, there were 4 wild boars in Dirang Village, Maharam Syiemship.
The funds allocated for new projects are only 20-30 percent but most of the funds have to be spent on old projects.
The match was played for 70 minutes.
This is only to allow the Government time to think and prepare how to fight against this disease.
He said that the project will also benefit the people by introducing new initiatives known as carbon credit.
Bah Samlin Malngiang, MLA Sohiong, who came to attend the meeting and expressed his gratitude for this unity among the residents.
“We don't oppose but we want it to be in the middle to bring peace to the people of the three constituencies,” said Latiplang Kharkongor.
In a statement, the General Secretary, Bah Ksan Kupar Warjri, said that the union congratulates the player for playing well in this tournament. to represent India at the tournament to be held in China.
Emika's entry into this position has not only brought fame to herself but also to the school and the community.
Sidharth Shukla also showed that he is a helpful friend and helps Asim Riaz and Arti Singh, one of the contestants. and he is also close to Shehnaaz Gill.
From this estimate, 30 lakh tonnes of coal, which is still to be sold, so at the price of money, if we calculate T.5,000 per metric tonne, it will reach T.1,500 crore, which remains in parks throughout the State.
Bah Ardent asked whether the government has helped the pig farmers, whether it will help the cow farmers.
During the inspection, Bah KP Pangniang and the members of the Hima Nongspung, visited the village of Balakhwa, New Balakhwa, Bernongsai, the office. KHADC and Nongspung Hima.
However, the world economy, as we know it today, was a work or part of the work that came after World War II.
It is an attempt to raise awareness among the people about the objectives of Amrit Mahotsav and how people can participate in it.
He said the Board was set up in 2011 after reaching an agreement between the Hima and the family of the Syiem of the Hima, by deciding that the output of these two land is to be divided equally between the Hima and the household of the King.
He said that all the candidates for the examination have requested the government to take action on this issue to conduct an interview and to appoint full time teachers in government schools so that they can become teachers. teachers who have been trained and who have passed well in the D.El.
Although the Prime Minister has not yet given any promise, the Forum has expressed its hope that their demand will be granted.
On Tuesday, Rowell said he would meet with his supporters to ask for their advice on what to do.
E.Bhoi from Mooknor village
The night of Bah Deng's visit began to spread here and there.
JOWAI : The Supreme Court of India has appointed Justice AK Mittal, Judge of the Punjab & Haryana High Court as the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court. Now.
The temple is built only of marble and gold.
Mawkyrwat, June 03: U Minister of State for Water Affairs and MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Saturday, June 02, 2022 inaugurated the house of The new Dorbar Hall of Marshilong Village, South West Khasi Hills District was held in the presence of Bah I. Lawrynniang, MCS as the chief guest.
After waiting for two hours to sit in the dorbar, no one came from the Syiem's ​​office including the minister and when they tried to call by mobile, they were informed that the dorbar has been cancelled.
Israel claims to have launched air and ground attacks on two sites that have been shelled and five other sites where Hamas militants are located.
After the mock drill, a short meeting was held by SC. Laloo Additional Deputy Commissioner, in the presence of ADM Wallang, Dr. A. Paswet, doctors, nurse, and others.
Kerala will elect its 140 MLAs on 6 June 2021 and the elections to the 30-member Assembly in Puducherry will be held on 6 June
Shillong, July 15: All the political parties in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) including KHNAM, HSPDP, UDP, Congress and independent MDCs today held a meeting at the CEM's residence. Adelbert Nongrum, to discuss the proposal to amend the 6th Schedule, which the state government has also planned to hold a meeting on.
As part of the celebration of World Day Against Child Labour, the District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) together with the Labor Inspector, District Protection Officer, The day was celebrated at the hall of Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School.
The first floor is the Children's Ward.
This finding, coupled with discussions and observations has led to the conclusion that there is a better opportunity for soybean wineries in the state,” said the Chief Minister.
Let us bring back the glory that has been lost.
This means that about 1.39 crore residents of Assam have yet to prove their citizenship.
Regarding the border, the Mawhati MLA said he would continue to talk to the state government for talks with Assam to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam. “The lack of border has caused suffering to the people living in the border areas with Assam,” he added.
At the time of writing, KSU War Jaintia Circle General Secretary Lurman B Talang said that police have not arrested Timun and demanded that he be arrested immediately and punished according to the rules of law.
Sinha alleged that the authorities have rejected the application saying that the stadium has not been completed.
Speaking at the meeting, Teilinia said that the reason why she joined the PDF and contested from the party in the MDC election 2019 is because she saw the work. “I used to fight against the MLA but now when I see his work, I surrender myself to cooperate, he has done as he promised during the election. “My cooperation with the MLA is for the benefit of the people,” she said.
On the other hand, Bah Kharshandi promised to look into this matter and said that from now on they will look into whether the documents are sufficient or not especially for foreigners.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KHAI) Mawliehbah Area has strongly prohibited the killing of foreigners in the Mawliehbah Area. , especially the two rivers, the Riwiang and Malen rivers and other small rivers which fall within the entire area.
Furthermore, Sikkim since 1978 has separated from other Scheduled Tribes who have just settled in the village to get recognition as citizens and to benefit from the same rights as citizens.
These teachers have been selected and sent through the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer from different schools in different districts. District.
They include Gabriel Kharkongor (48kg), Bawanpher Shadap (51kg), Gareth Garfield Laloo (54kg), Khrawkupar Thangkhiew (57kg), Mewanlambing Ranee (60kg), Teiboklang Jyrwa (63.5kg), Bahlung Papeng (67kg). Kharkongor (71kg) and Surjeet Dey (75kg).
The KSU said that the parents have found that other Kendriya Vidyalayas in the state have not yet demanded BPL cards from the Scheduled Tribe students but they have released all the students who fall under the list. in the ST category to pay their school fees.
He also urged the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Raid Chiefs, Sordar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs, Secretary Shnongs and other Chief Executive Members to take good care of their borders. of their own kingdoms, raids and villages.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong who spoke on the occasion, congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA for these development works that he has done in the village and in Mawtawar as a whole.
As the Congress candidate who is well prepared to contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections, Bah Marbud Dkhar expressed his gratitude to receive this scheme from u MPs who will be of benefit to the citizens and not just to one or two.
It is sad and surprising to see the social unrest in the area of ​​Khyndailad behind the old Assembly near the Pegasus Crown Hotel behind the English Service Church. What is the difference between Shillong and Meghalaya?
He said that some of the construction projects have started since 2017-18 such as the Kalong Bridge and others have started in 2018-1
Biju Singh – Ex-Officio.
However, the match reached a 1-1 draw.
“I encourage the people, school children to join the Plantation Movement,” said Dr Dutta.
This order shall come into force immediately in all these areas until further notice.
The funeral service began at the residence of Dr Donkupar Roy with a ceremony by the Presbyterian Church.
It was also announced that the Elite Drugs Distributor, RPG Complex, Keating Road, Shillong has been released from the closure and will start operating from 4th November
“How many MDCs we have now, we cannot say, I will let you know,” said Augustine.
Conard R Sana scored 65 runs (8×4 and 4×6), Hopper Rymbai scored 51 runs (6×4 and 2×6) without being out. lost 2 wickets in 4 overs.
On the implementation of the Roster System since 1972 by the MDA-I government on the grounds that it is a court order, Ardent said it is clear that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has misled the people. not only to the people, but also to the Assembly, because the court does not set a time limit, but allows the Assembly to take a decision.
On this issue, the union will meet with the District Medical and Health Officer of West Khasi Hills in the coming days, to inform them about these needs and to put in writing, so that It will send to the Government to take the necessary action for the benefit of the residents of the area.
He said that Meghalaya has the longest and longest crematoria in India.
The HYC leader also expressed his special gratitude to Dr Aman War, Director of DHS for taking the initiative to get a fair trial for this woman.
After paying billions and hundreds of crores to buy Khasi land, they can still earn thousands of crores through the trade of their inheritance.
Don't say that if Ai-jait goes to a man or a father, the children will become angels! Not so, but they shall not go to hell, for a Christian elder who obeys the Word of God will fulfill his duty as a judge in righteousness according to the law; That too in the Khasi Childhood, you should not be a Christian or a Plastic Christian.
The shortage of medicines has severely affected the image of the state health department which has been spoken to the public about this incident.
The General Secretary of IRCS Meghalaya State Branch in a statement said that many of those who have fled to the state have lost all their belongings, including their homes. and they have nothing left if they return to their own place.
“This issue is still pending in the Supreme Court and two cases in the High Court. If the government cannot do anything on this issue, This case is still in court.
but he refused to give it.
Shillong, Lber, 29: The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) has invited and urged Khasi youth to take advantage of the opportunity to join the police force where there are more than 20,000 vacancies. the need for qualified students.
It will also be the first dorbar for the newly elected MLAs for the first time.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the State Security Commission meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that he does not expect the KSU to act as a group. thieves to damage property.
As the state has the needs in all aspects, the Government has started to encourage the people of the state to set up their own businesses.
The KSU distributed these food items including rice, dai and umphniang to 50 families on Tuesday.
Explaining to the residents, Doctor Richard said that there are many types of disabilities and since 2016 the government has confirmed that there are 21 types of disabilities. of man in the limbs.
“Many of the scholarships of the state government have been lost due to the Reservation Policy because most of the students who have gone to school have failed due to lack of mental strength while those who are able to do so “They don't get it because even the poor have been allocated through the Reservation Policy,” he said.
But when we arrived at the place, we forgot about all that because of the beauty and the beautiful weather,” said another tourist.
Chief Organizing Secy- Stanly Tron.
Speaking at the meeting, Samla Raymond Kharjana asked two questions to the youth by saying “When you come here you should ask yourself why you came here and what you bring here? Come here you should understand that it costs a lot so you should be hardworking and serious in your studies because you will be able to read here how hard your parents work for you.
Shillong: Agnes Kharshiing (58), leader of the CSWO, was shot dead by truck drivers on the road between Lad Rymbai and Sohshrieh in East Jaintia Hills District this afternoon.
Sixty years ago, robbers also stole T.5 lakh from an SBI ATM at Umroi in Ri Bhoi district and another incident at Lad Rymbai on Friday night.
“Please suggest where Rida should go to study... Now I understand and you know that I can't go to an expensive college.
The year passes, the time changes, only in stories we hear even if we don't see those years that have passed.
College due to the lack of a playground.
I don't know what to do.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the COVID fund of T.43 crore which was misunderstood to have been lost has not been spent and will be released. an.
In the past few days, sources said that the High Court has threatened to name all these public leaders who have resigned.
U T Heimonson Phawa of Deiñtharae Moodymmai, West Jaintia Hills District has passed away on 21/08/2
He also requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to call for another meeting with the ASHAs, so that they can immediately resolve their differences.
The emergence of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) at an unexpected moment has not caused any problems to the NPP and the ethnic parties as this party is new in Meghalaya and It is also a party that the people themselves have not yet accepted.
In another incident, police said that a resident of Dapborlang Khongthah lodged a complaint that on the 5th of June at about 8 pm, robbers stole two wheelers of which was erected near the Seng Khasi School, Jaïaw.
Let us look at the following questions and answers.
Shylla is also the former President of the Mahila BJP which has contested the MLA elections in previous years.
This goal has encouraged the SLFC players to fight harder and East Bengal needs to turn around.
In the second half, Evergreen SC, Nongjri scored the first goal in the 44th minute through Madanlar Hahshah, while Sumer Veteran FC scored the first goal in the 44th minute. Kit Kharkongngor scored the third goal in the 62nd minute.
Greater Noida authorities have started implementing fines against contractors who have been accused of irregularities in the disposal of waste in many sectors and villages of Greater Noida, police said.
Assam Rifles continued to press hard and before the break, Savio Surin scored the fourth goal in the 60+4 minutes to secure the victory.
He was rushed to Woodland Hospital, Jowai and died of his injuries. Police have registered a case on the 10th of this month and the body of the man. was buried by the family on the day of his death.
“Because the 4th July is the polling day, it is also a working day and the polling station is in the middle of the city, the procession and rally can lead to disruption of law and order. “It's a traffic jam like we've experienced in the MLA elections,” he said.
He said that it is not useful for a person to have a lot of wealth or to have tens of crores if he does not have full health.
The program was held at Ïewrynghep Square from 9 am to 2 pm.
The bones of riewhadem, like those of rice, need a lot of oxygen during the growing season, which is why riewhadem, like rice, needs two or three times a day to grow. the thied can get l'er.
PSG coach Thomas Tuchel is reportedly concerned about the problems in the dressing room, as Neymar has been causing problems all the time and because he wants to leave. Neymar has reportedly told PSG President Nasser Al-Khelaifi: 'I don't want to play for PSG anymore. babe didn't come out before"
Thij Lyngdoh, the owner of the house, said that the house is no longer used for residential purposes but only for storing furniture. They have left their homes for three years and have been living in another new house under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana PMAY. A YouTuber who came to take pictures of the house that was burnt down on June 22, 2022, has apologized that it was his fault that he did not inform the Dorbar in advance. Shnong and also to the family members of the villager who brought the photographer to inquire about the incident of the fire.
Ephraim Banda of Mawthawkrah FC was named top scorer, Mamnestar Synshiang of Balabet FC was named top scorer and Rockchestar Kharsyiemlieh was named best goalkeeper.
On this occasion, there were also performances by the children and youth who are skilled in traditional and modern dance. They are spread all over the Khasi Hills.
There is also a lack of school building, kitchen, water and toilets.
The KSU has requested the report of the public hearing held on 21/11/2020 at the DC's office, Khliehriat, but the DC has directed the KSU to request RTI to get the report.
He also spoke about the ability of Baranwal to implement a Monitoring System to monitor the attendance of teachers in schools and this has helped a lot as many teachers especially in the remote areas of the state do not attend. This Monitoring System has helped to prevent this from happening to others.
Ngait said that all four members of his family have won the 2018 MLA election, Dasakhiat Lamare from Mawhati, son of Ngait (NPP), Wailadmiki Shylla (NPP) from Mawhati. Jowai is their brother and they are 2 brothers.
The teachers who have already been on the strike, have been very disappointed with the state government's failure to call for talks even after many days of strike.
It is sad to see that such a pass rate in the SSLC is only this percentage.
The body of Stefani has been post mortem at NEIGRIHMS. The family members do not believe that Stefani will take her own life as she is not a person with any disabilities.
For the harlot was not cleansed by the people, but Jesus was cleansed.
We can say that the increase in temperature from year to year is due to climate change.
“Since 2008 until 2018, none of us have passed according to the government quota to be appointed,” said Baiarbor Nongbri, president of MASGA.
He said that there are some areas which have no claim and these have been converted into Reserve Forests.
Let us, as citizens of the State, try to exercise our freedom of thought and soul properly, so that when we elect servants to lead us in the administration, we will have no reason. but we shall boast that we have chosen them.
He said that until these days, the people of Assam are still using puhshilum to mine shyiap in the river and besides that they have not only destroyed the river but have also crossed the border to Shilang. He added that the river has fallen on the border of Meghalaya by forcibly digging the syiap and also to build a road for the water by passing it from the area that falls into Meghalaya.
The Smart Village Movement is an initiative in partnership with the UC Berkeley-Haas Center for Growth Markets.
“How can the Executive Engineer of PWD (Building) blame the weight of the dome?
The youth is the son of Bah Aibus Wanshong and Lulu Lapang, residents of Pahamlapong. According to their statement, the youth left home on the morning of the 9th to go to work. along with a Nepali named Prakash, who has not yet been found and does not know where he is.
All tourist vehicles, small and large and foreign vehicles passing through this road, are requested to join hands. in this protest by suspending all their work for one day.
These people are suspected to have come from Manipur to Shillong to do business, as the number plates of their private vehicles have written 'MN' or Manipur Name plate.
Delhi, Naiwieng 04: Meghalayan Age will once again hold its fourth edition of Winter Tales at Nan Polok in Shillong. from those who make crafts, weaving, music, as well as food and drink.
He is also a young man who has been prominent in the field of education in Sohra as a teacher.
She alleged that the BJP does not respect and ignore the minorities and violates all their rights.
Some of them said that if the state government wants to get rid of the border crossing in Assam, it should not end up in talks, but it is better to take action. development schemes, as it will benefit not only the people, but most importantly, through development projects from Meghalaya, it will be one of the ways to prevent the invasion of the border by Assam.
Today, horses from all over the country have arrived at the Polo Ground in preparation for the tournament.
The body of Kalam was taken by the army and was scheduled to be taken to Guwahati tomorrow morning as there was no helicopter in Shillong at night and from Guwahati it will be taken to Delhi tomorrow.
He said UDP leaders, including MLAs and government ministers will take part in the rally tomorrow.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held and on the part of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, in his short speech, he praised the league which is well known in the state and urged He also urged the players to have a spirit of play and promised to help improve the Mawryngkneng Stadium as the ground as it is still not suitable for playing.
These candidates include Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP, Sanbor Shullai of the BJP, Vincent Pala of the Congress, Romeo Phira Rani, Samuel Hashah and THS Bonney. all three independent candidates.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 22,020 with 1,920 deaths from yesterday, the highest number of deaths in the world.
Indeed, to reach this place will be more difficult, due to the lack of roads and it can be said that the best time to reach this place, is only during the rainy season, except for vehicles. they cannot reach the place.
Our prayers continue to be with them on their journey until they return home.
The 9th WKHDCA State B Chess Championship 2023 will be held on the 8th of this month from 9.30 pm at SGRY Hall C&RD Block Nongstoin.
Nongpoh, June 17: The MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem in the presence of the MDCs of the area, has continued to meet with the villages who have given their strong support in the last MLA election. Today, the Chief Minister visited three villages including Jermanai, Umsaw Nongbri and Mawryngkang.
In this era of religious extremism, ethnic extremism who want to rule by force only one religion, one culture and one language, we the citizens must stand firm and stand united to defend the Constitution. of the country and its fundamental principles.
The government has also increased the tax on stone, shyiap, dewbyrtha and other commodities, the prime minister's secretary said.
"“I will fight to win, but I will not win without your support.
Guwahati: Members of the Karbi Students Association (KSA) led by Bijoy Bey today decided to ban the traffic in Nagaland from 17th November
Shillong, July 26 : U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA from South Shillong Constituency and Chairman of the Monitoring and Implementation Committee (MIC), has distributed Rs 5.40 lakh to various groups and organizations from the Discretionary Grant 2022-2
Commenting on the Government's claim that idleness will affect the budget of the State while preventing the villagers from participating, the KJCLP Leader said, “As Christian Leaders we do not encourage any idleness. .
“We will support the protests of the four organizations until the government succeeds and listens to the repair of the NH44 just for the convenience of the people,” said BBWA Vice-President S.Suchiang. , Samla W.syrti Sports Secretary of BBWA has called upon the people and also various organizations in Jaintia Hills to join in the night road blockade of the four organizations so that the demand for Maramot The NH44 road will be closed.
(vi) John Hughes Morris: History of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Foreign Mission.1910.
After receiving information about the completion of the road, the union immediately went down to see for themselves, where the union witnessed that the reconstruction of the road has been done in a proper manner. However, the Contractor did not listen and implemented the work at his own discretion by cleaning the mawria instead of the mawshape.
At the same time, he urged the teachers to use many opportunities to improve their skills as teachers.
This was due to the disobedience of the Israelites (Jews) and their unbelief in Jesus as their Messiah.
Residents from Wahiajer to Namdong have also been banned from visiting these villages as they border with Assam.
“Why did you forget to say that in the last five years of the BJP and NPP government? They are corrupt because in the MDA government in Meghalaya they have joined hands with the BJP, NPP, UDP and others, but now they have pointed fingers at one party after another but in the last five years they have joined hands with the BJP, NPP, UDP and others. They don't eat together in the same plate, they wear the same clothes, all these things are just to deceive the people and they think that the people of Meghalaya are stupid, but the time will come. The change that the people will warn against this government which has made it difficult and has deceived the people”.
Another problem is that the drivers are not disciplined when driving and turn rak rak and knieh place even on the narrow road and this has caused traffic jam and endangered the traffic. people.
A police source on Thursday said that the group was in the area to extort money and collect money from people.
In a speech by the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, he said that India will be one of the implementers of the New World Order and will also be one of the leading countries in the world after of this Corona virus.
On October 12, she took her husband to Belgrade (Serbia) for treatment to overcome his drug addiction and after that, he was able to break free from drugs and then she came. He was taken back to India in June 2019 and sent to the Gurdaspur Red Cross De-addiction Centre, where he was treated by Romesh Mahajan, director of the project.
It is also not known to what extent the visit of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC to the market together with the Executive Members will help in the cleanliness or safety of the vendors and buyers.
“This initiative will benefit 10 lakh residents living in the Census Towns of the State,” he said.
They said that this is the reason why the countries of the world need this variety.
(b) No one shall walk to the cemetery or crematorium, and the Dorbar Shnong/Welfare Society and the committees in charge of the cemetery or crematorium shall decide how many persons shall be allowed to enter. churches or groups of worship shall record the names of persons who come to places of worship and shall also send them to the Deputy Commissioners for follow-up, if necessary. follow the guidelines of CPWD which states that the temperature to be installed in all heating systems should be between 24-30oC, the humidity should be between 40-70%, there should be openings 18) Statues/idols/Holy Books and others shall not be touched.
Many of the people don't think about the true meaning of these words and even the managers of the market don't think that these words mean something else.
Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat has now been appointed to the IB of PWD.
However, now it has begun to disappear because instead of the letter Ñ they have used the letter N. Many Khasi writings have now begun to disappear the letters Ï and Ñ.
If you are trying to lose weight, you need to keep in mind that lean muscles cannot burn fat.
The Union of Catholic Elders of the Diocese of Jowai, the Union of Catholic Women of the Diocese of Jowai, the ICYM of the Diocese of Jowai and the Catholic Association of the Diocese of Jowai strongly condemn such acts.
The State Government should follow the example set by the Election Commission of India to hold the mid-term elections as soon as possible as happened in the Nongstoin Assembly Constituency and Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
Conrad said he has visited many constituencies in Manipur but has never seen the turnout of thousands of people.
Police said that the incident occurred when the driver of a motorcycle (ML05-AA-6505), who hit the woman, fell asleep in the middle of the vehicle. bleeding from the head.
Besides the four gold medals, Assam also won two silver and two bronze medals.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Unit on Thursday honored two students who scored first twenty in the SSLC examination of MBoSE.
Harvesting and Selling Fruit The palm tree takes about eight years before it bears good fruit; but as I have said above, if you bow to him, the harvest is much quicker.
According to a statement sent by the Archbishop, Marcel Lamare and General Secretary, Daniel R Kurbah, the attack has upset not only the Catholics, but also the residents of the village. expect such things to happen in this city.
Referring to the candidates whom the party will give tickets to, he said the party has already sent the names of those who have applied for tickets to Delhi for a decision.
“We know that the KHADC has sent the Village Administration Bill.
Digestive benefits : The inclusion of this vegetable can benefit the digestive system, prevent stomach problems and improve the health of the digestive system.
In the final match, Ïong-i-dahi FC beat Moodymmai 4-0
“The demand for a fully functional Civil Hospital is the desire of many people and the Khliehriat Civil Hospital will also solve the problem of hospitals in urban areas as the people do not have to go to other hospitals. Furthermore, the union demanded that it should take action to talk to the government on the Civil Hospital Khliehriat and on the other hand, Kyrmen promised to take action on this issue.
“This is not to discuss issues but to discuss blessings, if you want to talk about this, bring it in one place and not in this greeting talk,” said Titossterwell and Teinwel.
According to our information, the truck was also carrying about 10 cows and until now we have not received any information whether they have finished cleaning these cows. Evanfield Khonglam, President and Eleazer Diengdoh, Secretary, FKJGP North East.
The more you frighten, the more you believe, the more sweet and clean it becomes.
According to police, a man named Arnav Deka offered to sell a KTM bike on OLX when Suraj Langthasa phoned him and said he wanted to buy it. When he reached Khanapara, Suraj asked him to try to drive it and he fled with the bike.
The purpose of these satellites is to send detailed information to the Chinese embassy.
This was stated by the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri in reply to a question by MLA John Leslee K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly.
Nongstoiñ: Fulgen Kharbani, 43, of Mawduh village has died after falling from a bolero camper (ML05 G 7716) driven by Kitboklang. King.
The foundation stone of the road was laid by Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister, Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Chief Minister, Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang and others. The foundation stone was laid at Umtyrnga village in Ri Bhoi District.
The body was found lyngkrang with a motorcycle at 11.30 pm and police were immediately informed at Khliehriat.
Sohiong is one of the 55 Assembly Constituencies reserved for the people of Meghalaya in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya which has 70 members.
Two other traffickers, Pasar Uddin alias Samir of Emersoan Ghat, Polo, Shillong and Dipak Baidya of Polo, near Tenjing Restaurant, were sent to smuggle the drugs from Silchar to Silchar. Shillong: A Night Super bus (AS01-FC-8199) was hit by a truck.
The officials along with the badminton and table tennis players, who used to play day and night at the Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium, Lower Lachumiere, came forward through the media. to urge the state government, especially the Sports & Youth Affairs Department, to stop the proposal to demolish one of the oldest and most famous sports grounds in the city or even in the state.
In the Proverbs of Solomon with Agur and Lemuel it is written, 'As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he' (Prov. 23:7).
As Australia's leading captain, Lanning has played 132 T20Is for her team and scored 3405 runs.
When this reporter visited the village on Tuesday morning, he saw the plight of the residents in these two villages of Mushrot village and when he received information from the residents that they have not received electricity. The reason for the lack of attention of MeECL has been found. The negligence of MeECL has caused the transformer to be covered with wood and sanium until the transformer has burst. without further operation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The State Government will soon send a letter to the National Council for Educational Research and Training (NCERT) requesting for permission to use the textbooks from Class I to Class X from to come.
Two trucks No.AS-01LC-3873 carrying 26 cows and one truck No.AS-01LC-3873 were seized by SI SN Biswas MCP Commander on 24th and 25th July. No.AS-01JC-9256 which contains 23 cows without any documents.
Sonowal inaugurated the Panchakarma Block, the first state-of-the-art Pharmacology and Biochemistry Lab for Ayush, at a function held at the Central Ayurveda Research Institute (CARI) in Guwahati.
Urging to end political sentiment, Martle said, “Politics is for development and not politics for destruction.
Four of them have died and 22 have recovered.
When we see the thoughtless speech of the leaders, MDCs in the District Council, it is like a racial discrimination, because only in Ri-Bhoi, there are many jaitkpa, and they have worked in the various positions in the state and have also become leaders.
According to a statement issued by the police, the drugs were seized by the police from Churaibari village in Karimganj district of Assam.
Shillong, March 23: In a different decision, the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar has decided to remove Bah Michael N Syiem as the Executive Member (EM) of the Jaiaw Laitdom District Council. (PIL) against the District Council.
When you will be sad and babe.
Before the agreement, the residents had banned the police from visiting the scene of the incident, in order to participate in the talks between the residents and the Magistrate. He also went for a medical examination in Khlieh Riat.
The suspect was identified as Santius Lyngkhoi and the Court issued this order on 21st March under Nongstoin PS Case No 11 (03) 2018 registered under Section 366/3 /342/506 IPC read with Section 3 (a) 4 of the POCSO Act.
We have almost reached the stage of khimkhait where they say "Sit and jhieh, stand and kynduh"
The second semi final will be played on the 7th June between 7 Brothers FC and Lamare FC. The match will be played at 2 pm.
Speaking at the meeting, which was held at Mawkyrwat Market, Bah Ardent said that the reason why the Seng has come back to the people on the issue of the Reservation Policy is because during the elections, This issue in the election promise to speak in the Assembly only after winning and to advocate for the revision of the recruitment policy and to suspend the Roster System and also to suspend the recruitment until it is resolved. the Reservation Policy.
All this is just a stupid idea to blame or blame, but if one person gets sick, they all get sick, besides they don't live together in the same house, it's just a workplace, besides. The government has also announced that the reports are negative and not positive.
Leaders don't swear in front of the statue of the sword of the country. They should be responsible because that sword I believe is also a sword from behind when we the descendants cannot live and follow. Don't remember their example and don't remember their deeds because we can't live like ourselves on righteousness and knowledge of God.
Speaking at the meeting, MCS J.Kharpuri said that this day is the day of victory for the athletes whether they are men or women. their labors have brought them blessings.
He said the rain and wind have destroyed rice, biscuits, rice and others.
During the search of the truck, 47 bags containing 4,70,000 grams of methamphetamine were recovered.
Regarding the proposal to take the items to Mawkyrwat, the leaders of various political parties said that they will not allow them at all, but they should keep them where they are.
“Ka Seng wants to reiterate and give a clear message that our opposition to the mineral resources is strong and will continue to grow, the foundation against Uranium is still strong and as members of the Seng we are prepared to “It doesn't matter whether it's with words, blood or even weapons,” said the KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that in the past, the government had banned the Khasi from Umsawli and why didn't it use the same ban on the Harijans?
The HYC urges the District Council to take action against the illegal activities of Saumya Company and to take strong action against Lafarge for allowing it to operate without permits. She also urged the Council to check the documents of foreign workers working in the Shella area.
At the meeting, the Lamphang also briefed on all the works related to the Public Works Department, Forests and Environment, among others.
The actions of our MLA have affected the party which we understand.
According to the government records, the headmaster is the contractor for the construction of Harhel Upper Primary School,” said the Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri in a letter to the Project Director of the SSA. this Tuesday.
Ltd to generate 65 megawatts but it was later found that the project was not implemented.
If we turn to the order of the Central Government of the Ministry of Home Affairs issued on 29th April, 2020 according to Rule 4, there is no written order to drive by private vehicle to anyone who is still waiting. out.
This is against the principle of justice in society.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has charged Snehasish Kar and his family under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 (PMLA).
Bhalang's work has lasted for 7 months and he has seen that the money has been spent especially since he is a rich man.
Yes, the COVID-19 pandemic has become a part of history, but the work of ASHAs continues especially in these days when Meghalaya has the highest number of maternal deaths and the highest number of maternal deaths. babies who die shortly after birth.
If this is the law, it is not allowed for men to claim their rights according to the law.
The Minister also informed that the department has submitted a detailed proposal on how to ensure the arrival of Specialist Doctors to serve Meghalaya as Government Doctors.
The Congress is now allied with the NPP in the KHADC after the NPP broke away from the UDP which had been allied for the past four years.
At the same time, 13,600 tyngka has been sent to each household in the last four years.
“Although we have to pay a lot of taxes, in the end it is up to us that all the victims when we reach the road, only a few blocks have been robbed by private vehicles and only a few blocks have been robbed of car keys. " said the driver.
Such comments are just a ploy and a desperate attempt to get a sympathy vote.
Even the government police, who are the law enforcement agencies, should act exactly according to the rules of law, so that their search operations in Sohra and Shella or elsewhere, will not lead to misunderstanding, as to protect foreign authorities, if this intention is carried out by the village authorities, Hima authorities, who have the authority of the law, not as ordered by unsigned persons or organizations.
Jitender Singh, Minister in charge of the North East, has given his reply to the Lok Sabha today, in a statement issued by the Government of India today. The construction of the railway line from Jiribam-Imphal, Dimapur (Dhansiri) – Zubza (Kohima), Agartala-Sabroom, Teteliya-Byrnihat, Byrnihat-Shillong, Bhairabi -Rival, Murokongselek-Pasighat, Agartala (India) – Akhaura (Bangladesh).
What we see here, through this protest of the adhoc school teachers in the state, shows the fact that this MDA government is the most valuable government that has ever ruled in Meghalaya.
HNYF Mawthadraishan Circle in the past few days has visited the school to conduct an inspection of the school. It is true that the construction of the school is still pending.
Investigation into the incident is underway under the leadership of the Additional Superintendent of Police Crime and Women Police Officers.
“We as paid Khasi who were born and raised here in Assam don't have any problem or difference in providing documents if we go to Meghalaya after the implementation of the ILP, because we know that it is part of the protection. “It's a rich nation,” said the statement.
The CEM of KHADC, said that after discussions between the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police and the Ministers of Mylliem Hima, it has been decided that it is not yet time to open the market. .
He said that this is the first time that the Speaker of the House has not consulted the members of the opposition whether to extend the session or to end it as planned.
The relief troops have found four bodies and on the 16th of last month they have recovered the body of Amir Hussain and now this body cannot be identified.
When asked whether he has any doubts about anyone, Pakyntein said, “If it is the time for the political parties to fight, we can come up with one idea. “I don't have anything to do with anyone, I don't have anything to do with the rebel groups,” he said.
Se-Lajong FC beat Lamare SC in the semi-final while Nongbri Brothers FC beat Azriel SC to reach the final.
LPS, Southern Province Govt.
“The government has decided to celebrate the 75th anniversary of Independence and we too will celebrate Independence Day at the place where Kiang Nangbah was hanged in front of the garbage and we will hoist the tricolor flag of the country in front of the garbage as a sign of peace. against the government.
In fact, they were preparing to sit in front of the Main Secretariat but as they could not get out of the police blockade, they could not sit there.
The fighting in Galwan was the fiercest since the 1967 battle of Nathu La, in which India lost 80 troops and China 300 troops.
Police have arrested Tel Shyrmang with the help of VDPs of Mookhep.
Riia, as soon as she heard the bran bran, ran out of the door and when she saw Deisy and Bahnah, she immediately came out to meet them.
"Those who oppose the implementation of any program in Kashmir and act like Pakistan are indeed enemies of the country and of the interests of the people of J&K," Rana said during the meeting. He addressed the Conveners and Co-Convenors of the Trade, Industries, Transport, Cooperative and Tourism Cells of the BJP at the party headquarters today.
They had running water to drink, and they had more time to work, farm and earn a living and other activities.
Balkarin Marak is the Co Chairman of the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) and Labenn is the spokesperson of ACHIK. The Prime Minister was supposed to come and talk to them at the Mini Secretariat but while the talks were going on, a riot broke out and a stone was thrown at the Secretariat which injured several policemen.
Myntri Rangbah Duh congratulated the scientists on behalf of the House and the country for this achievement.
Shillong, July 10: The FKJGP-Laskein Circle today submitted a petition to the Symbud Myn Tri Rangbah in charge of Education, Bah RC Laloo to demand that the State Government should expedite the education process. The construction of a Residential School at Khliehrangnah in Shangpung village under Laskein Block in West Jaintia Hills District for the benefit of the people of this village.
He also urged the Mylliem MDC to remove the word demand as it affects him as the EM and as the leader of the people of Umroi constituency.
How do parents, various civil society organizations feel about this issue which really affects the future of education of the children? bapli?Hoto,please send your wishes before the exam so that when you face difficulties again, the children will be happy?If your children failed in 10 years, without thinking how much is their loss? You will not be able to talk about the school fees, book fees, car fees, etc etc that you have spent during the year.
Besides, they also informed that the shops in Lad Mawroh, are allowed to unload goods only within 8 pm and those vehicles which do not unload goods should not park on the road, to avoid being affected. other vehicles are moving and standing.
However, it was here that terrible battles were fought in the name of religion and blood was shed in the squares and streets of the city.
The Government of India will intervene only when there are clashes and clashes between the police of the border states just to extinguish the fire and avoid bloodshed on both sides.
On the other hand, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, who called upon all the seven MLAs from Jaintia Hills and the 30 MDCs from Jaintia Hills to come forward and join hands in this. This is the most important demand for the future of the Jaintia Hills, because their presence as leaders will give more strength to this demand.
Considerations should also be followed regarding the sale/transportation of jhur such as sohsaw, phulkubi, jhur sla jyrngam, sohkhia and other types of jhur obtained from them. mountain/field.
The employees of the factory said that the production of coal is up to 1,00,000 tonnes per annum and therefore it requires about 550 to 600 tonnes of coal per day. The coal reserves are only 12,000 million tonnes, so the operation of the plant cannot be sustained for only six months.
The incident occurred at Police Bazar Assam Tourist Taxi Stand near Crowborough Hotel at 12 noon today.
All of them are ready to resolve any problem and efforts have been made from time to time to ensure readiness to enter the conflict.
Marwet Suchiang, President of HYC Jaintia, said, “We are saddened to see in the news that we support Star Cement.
It is to be recalled that recently, the Karbi have even robbed the Police with jri siatsim.
On the cooperation of the political parties in the INDIA synrop, Bah Ronnie said that the party will hold talks on the 27th of this month as in Meghalaya there are only the Congress and the TMC. He said the AICC in Delhi has not yet issued an order to reconcile with the TMC in the Indian coalition for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
Furthermore, Kong Wanpynhun also thanked those owners of houses who have a spirit of thoughtfulness because they have already increased the salaries of their employees, said Kong Wanpynhun.
Nongstoiñ: Two children from Nongsynrang village in Porla area of ​​West Khasi Hills District, have committed suicide after eating a wild tit while their mother and brother were killed. caused difficulty.
“In fact, it was very slow at that time and the people should ask Dr Mukul Sangma about this,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The MDA government has helped the people of the state.
Police led by the SDPO of Chokpot, accompanied by CI Sadar, OC Chokpot, I/C BDDS and several members of the police department immediately rushed to the scene at about 10:00 pm. 1.15 pm for the purpose of conducting a search for these bullets and hidden weapons.
The union said that not only should we rely on the NRC, but we should also have an epic to prove, because in the NRC, there is no picture and how can we prove that it is his certificate.
“Regarding the provision of networks in the state, the Minister said that the Government of India in 2019, has already released funds for the installation of 800 towers in the state. Meghalaya, but due to lack of adequate land, this work is still pending.
The former MLA also requested the Director of NEIGRIHMS to think again before dismissing these nurses.
Appropriate instructions were issued on 19th November 2023 to one of the contractors and to the Project Director of NHAI to take immediate steps to repair the entire stretch of NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra for to facilitate in relation to the movement of vehicles.
Speeches were also delivered by the leading leaders of the new Branch.
In this podcast, we discussed the 'FOCUS' farmer scheme implemented by the Basin Department, where the department has targeted 487 Groups (PGs) from Saipung Block in the field of T50,00000 and 502 from Khliehriat Block and so far the department has implemented 240 projects at a cost of T 4145000 and the Basin Department will continue to implement.
Nehemiah was a God-fearing man who loved Jerusalem very much, and his desire was to rebuild Jerusalem's broken-down walls.
Mevani was arrested for tweeting against Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Civil Sub Divisions have become like the tower of Babel.
Legal Council Lalremsanga said that these allegations were made for political gain.
Besides Meghalaya, Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh will also be present.
Recalling the contribution of the Congress party, Bah Rikut said the Congress party has brought NEIGRIHMS to Meghalaya, implemented the 100 days bill or MGNREGS and the Smart Card to provide health care to the poor. painful.
Many farmers have expressed their dissatisfaction with the storm along with the rain which has destroyed the crops in many places.
In the case of coal mining, it is fortunate that it is managed exactly by those high levels.
He said that the Saba Village Authority has decided to evict the family and if they do not leave the village, they will be punished.
The total number of returnees so far has risen to 37,7
Many of the employees are in the midst of confusion because they have to travel to distant places without getting the money to fill up with petrol, but the employees are fulfilling their duties.
The Bible says so (Genesis 1:26-28).
He also reminded the parishioners to pray for peace in Shillong.
The new price of beef will come into force from tomorrow, 5th July, and the price will be T.280 tyngka for clean beef and T.3 They also announced that the price of Muslim meat, which is a member of the Union, will be T.240 tyngka.
Arsenal scored the third goal through Alex Iwobi in the 69th minute.
He recalled that he was expelled from the party for allegedly campaigning against the defeat of the HSPDP candidate in Nongkrem and Laban in the mid-term MDC elections. kput, but he was defeated by 3000 votes. Is this a sign that the people have voted for the MLA? The HSPDP candidate was also witnessed by the owner of Ardent, Sounder Cajee, but they did not agree,” said Pyniaid.
The Dorbar Pyllun of the Seng Kur Warjri, which includes about nine villages under the Pyndenumïong sub-district, was held today to consider the demands of the parakur parajait of those villages in terms of the welfare of the villages. society, especially in terms of death and disease.
“Regarding the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule, the Government of India is considering this and the State Government is also following up to implement the demand for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages. Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule,” he said.
Therefore, the Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Bhoi, has vowed to hold a protest, if the government remains silent or does not listen to the demand, the KSU, HNYF, FKGJP and RBYF, have been the supporters. They were quick to rally and hold a strong protest in Ri Bhoi, in order to protest against the state government.
Israel has a great role to play in these last days.
Earlier, the Minister also urged the various departments of the state government in charge of these incidents to work hard so that the people can receive the assistance in time.
Those who attended the function included Kong I Nongrang, Secretary Home (Police) and others.
"I pay tribute to these deceased soldiers and also my condolences to their families," Gandhi said.
Reuben Najiar scored 3 wickets for 13 runs in 3.2 overs and Kunal Lama scored 2 wickets for 33 runs in 7 overs to beat Nongthymmai by 38 runs.
The Lion Mission Compound Village Council has decided to hold a village fete to raise funds for the completion of the auditorium on November 3-4,
The meeting of the three parties, which was expected to be long, turned into a short meeting after Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit resigned from the post of CEM. The meeting discussed what should be done in the future, but not what has happened in the past few days.
"This is inappropriate and aims to exploit the poor," said the president of the CSWO and added that it is the duty of the Syiem to look after the welfare of the children of the raiot. to turn the villagers into refugees.
At the meeting, Pyniaid proposed that the leadership should be given to Process T Sawkmie as the PP Leader, and that KHUDA should be dissolved but another party should be formed. Forum where they can synrop together.
V.L Gadew and also received a welcome song from the Sohkha Presbyterian Youth Church.
Shillong, July 05: So far, 60% of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam has been completed and 100% will be completed within this year.
Is he really the protector of the environment as he claimed to be, or is he a deceiver? As the Chief Executive Member of the MDA Government and Chairman of the Agency, Conrad Sangma and the Meghalaya Assembly Standing Committee on Environment should answer the following questions:
Fulgida Dkhar from Nongstoin Social Service Society, Nongstoin Social Service Society, who is one of the beneficiaries of the PMEGP, was also present. scheme for the year 2022-2
However, in this age, it has been witnessed that more men have begun to think and take care of their physical health and especially take care of their skin on the face and scalp.
Medical scientists have estimated that 100,000 people have been diagnosed with cancer.
These two schemes have reduced maternal mortality by 50% and infant mortality by 30%.
The family members of the deceased suspect that Kong Victoria was murdered, not that she committed suicide as alleged by the Dispur Police Station.
“Our aim is to bring peace in the voting for every citizen of Shillong on the day of polling or the Indian General Election 2024,” said Guntupalli.
The union said that on July 6, it took a sample of the water from the top, which is located at 4 1⁄2 Mer and found that the PH Value of the water, or 5.7 and MPN of Coliform is very harmful, because it contains 5 and it is said that this water is therefore unfit for human consumption.
On the 9th, ONE WAY will be held at D.C Point Mission Compound (CHC-Point)- Chiliang Raij-Umshangiar.
They are the stones that have been planted – named – named by the Longshuwa – Manshuwa since ancient times.
The UDP Hingaria Unit has been formed on 7th June 2023, the statement said.
The thought of finding a garbage dump should not be a stumbling block to the community and should not be a barrier to the community and the residents.
Although no announcement has been received on the distribution of the posts, speaking to media, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “The departments that have already been appointed to me are and I hope that I shall be able to do the work entrusted to me.
“The request to extend the recruitment of the names issued by the DSC from Jaintia Hills has not been accepted, while from West Khasi Hills the Under Secretary to the State Government, Personnel $ AR (B) has been extended for six months. Department and this has been done not only once or twice but from time to time,” said the President of JYF and JSU Pynpoihun Majaw and Rikut N Parien in a letter sent to the CS. The two leaders said that in West Khasi Hills, the recruitment for the post of LDA/Sectional Assistant/Gram Sevak/Tracer has been extended.
MEPA has also sent a petition to the Chief Secretary of the State Government, expressing its deep regret that the State Government has not done anything to release the advertisement fees. from various government departments, which has now reached more than T.5 crore for the newspapers of the State.
The KHADC has ordered the Syiem of Mylliem Hima after receiving a complaint from the Ministers of the Hima that the Syiem has not been convening dorbars for many years.
He is Narendra Modi who led the BJP to victory against the Congress and other parties.
Jowai: Even after six days, no coal miners have been rescued in East Jaintia Hills.
The slaughter of the cow, caused a stir in the area, on November 3, 2018, in which a police inspector was killed along with a youth.
Mebanrikupar Rynjah scored a hat-trick for Laitkyrhong SC to win the 2nd Division Football League 2023 2023 sponsored by Mebanrikupar Rynjah. Imson SC beat Imson SC 6-2 on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
Shillong: Friends Sporting Utd have lost the PFR Veteran Cup 2020-21 after beating Mawkyrwat Veteran FC by a tie breaker in the final of the PFR Veteran Cup 2020-2 last Saturday at Malki Square.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Titos W Chyne, said that in fact according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi women do not sit in the dorbar, only the elders can sit in the dorbar. The purpose of this position is to preserve the culture and traditions of the nation.
However, the VPP has tightened the rules and proposed to provide foreign support just to form a government of the Seng Riewlum, but this too has not succeeded.
Silsila is a film about the love affair between Amitabh Bachchan and two women, Jaya Bhaduri and Rekha. The relationship of the great actor, as he has a relationship with the two leading ladies of bollywood.
Other programs on the day included 'ECD Ice-Breaking Session, Brain Wiring Game, Reflection & Discussion on Brain Development Game', ECD Way Forward, Focus Group Discussion and others. members of the Meghalaya Early Child Development Mission (MECDM).
“As before, the address was in Bihar, now it is in Delhi and it has been moved to Kongthong and it is now known as a resident of Kongthong,” said Sinha.
He urged all the citizens who have reached the age of 18 years and above to value their vote regardless of their religion, race, lifestyle or language.
Former Chairman of Khanduli Village, Ma Wanbiang Slong, Secretary of Khanduli Village, Helpme Slong and others were present in the meeting.
On this occasion, the Syiem Khynnah of Hima Khyriem as the chief guest also congratulated the Raid Nongtung, the children of thousands and also those who have joined hands to organize this traditional dance. It is one of the principles that as children of thousands they should not forget their ancestors and should know their ancestors, which is the center of the nation.
“The Prime Minister has his own agenda especially when his Scheduled Tribe (ST) status is also in doubt and the Supreme Court is involved,” he said.
He also criticized the government for the delay in rescuing the people trapped inside and said that it was all due to the stinginess of the government that it did not use strong documents from the first time.
Self-protection should come from your own mind, not from that of others.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Mukul said that it is a great day to have once in 25 years in the journey to bring the people closer together and also to change the society and to be vigilant. and enlighten the society.
“Now that the Congress is weak, the BJP can do whatever it wants but the people should understand that the Congress is needed in the country.
“More than 242 residents have left Manipur in just seven days and today is the last day for us to leave,” said Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister and Spokesperson of the Government. The state, which is also leading in the evacuation of Meghalayans from Manipur.
“I don't like or don't like this way of thinking, if you say to dump garbage in Shillong Myntang all the people and political parties are against, doesn't Jowai fall under our district, I will tell you if so “I don't know what to do,” said Comingone Ymbon.
The athletes met with Home Minister Amit Shah on Saturday to demand punishment against Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, who was accused of assaulting nine athletes. .
This incident in Sawmer-shiteng of a young woman who had just passed her matric examination and which happened while she was about to leave the country is one of the rarest cases. Public understanding that such crimes fall under the punishment of the syngit phasi.
She said that if she gets a ticket she will contest the MP election and join the BJP for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya.
“It's not true, but there are no protections,” said the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang. “Even the HNLC has arrested Ampareen, the hit list has increased.
“How can a man be sad, when he is made like a horse?
“However, the Forum would like to point out that Sunday is a holy day for Christians and churches,” said KJCLF Secretary Rev Dr. EH Kharkongor in a statement.
In Babu Dhar, those who were taught found a true teacher.
The leaders of the Coal Traders Association also alleged that the government has misunderstood the NGT order issued on July 30 in which the government has said that the coal traders have to pay first. They admitted that according to the NGT order, it is clear that as soon as the royalty and The Challans of the coal traders do not have to wait until all the works are completed but they can start transporting coal the next day.
Furthermore, the Dolloi congratulated and encouraged all the children of the Raij, the Elaka, the country and the jaitbynriew that the Raij Jowai has been able to complete this ritual today between the He expects that the performance of other religious activities within the Raij of the Elaka on the basis of the Shad Niam Behdeinkhlam will be smooth and orderly.
The food production industry is based on village activities because it starts with food products from agricultural activities.
God has given man all the wisdom to know the past, the present and the future.
At the same time, he clarified that the party has no knowledge of these incidents, and does not send anyone to announce at any meeting.
These SF-10s have been trained to fight insurgents even at night.
The Dorbar Shnong in a statement through Bah Rahul Kharpor, Secretary and Bah Jolsing Rani Rangbah Shnong, said that after submitting a written request for the needs of the village, they have not received any reply from the Dorbar Shnong. Although they went to meet and remind them of the needs of the village, the answer they received from them was that there is no more money from the MLA scheme.
But the second Adam (Jesus) came to redeem man from the death of sin.
Nongpoh, Nailur 04: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Bhoirymbong Area in the presence of leaders of Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Samla Alvis Kyrsian Vice President Ri Bhoi District and Samla Samuel Hinge Vice President Bhoirymbong Area. Members of the Bhoirymbong Area today visited the foreign shops and also searched the Trading License and other documents according to the requirements of the foreign shops illegally occupying the Bhoirymbong Market. Shillong Bye-Pass Road.
He said that all this is due to the lack of responsibility of the thew stations of the Transport Department.
The meeting was conducted by Bah PB Sylliang, who was also elected as the President of the HSPDP in Umroi Constituency.
The Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government will broadcast the final match of the 76th Men's Senior National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy on giant screen today.
Bishop Victor Lyngdoh led Fr Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri to visit the surroundings of the Duwan and the position of Khet Jingphla.
They collect goods sold in the market or money if it is not goods and they do not collect the owners of the kingdom, only the foreigners.
“The Government should repeal this Act and Rules regarding Khalai and create other ways to collect revenue for the State,” said the petition. Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has sent a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday. Recently, between the government committee and the leaders of Harijan Colony under the banner of Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), the residents of Mawlong Market Colony have agreed to move from the area if the government accepts some of the The Government should provide about 200 Sq Meters and good houses at the expense of the State Government to each household in Mawlong Market Area to other areas within the Shillong European Ward.
Shillong, June 14: During a visit to Rasong village on 11th June, 2023 as part of a visit to Rasong village to thank the residents for their support in the recent MLA elections. Last year, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew, promised to promote tourism in the area by bringing in a restaurant and accommodation for tourists in the middle of the night between Laitlum and Rasong.
At least 740 people were injured in the quake and 27,000 people were forced to leave their homes and flee their villages.
The request came after the employees of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers' Union (MEMRIWU) gave 72 hours to the state government to terminate the contract they had already signed with the company.
God spoke through the Prophet Jeremiah saying – “And all this land (Israel) shall become an astonishment and an astonishment; and these nations (Jews) shall serve the king of Babylon (Nebuchadnezzar) seventy years.
The body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
The 10-day fighting between the two armed groups has destroyed and flooded the entire village and hundreds of people have been killed and injured. and their dead bodies in the streets and in the highways.
There was a feeling that if the proposal was approved and the views expressed by the Prime Minister in the media after the Cabinet meeting on 10th June, its words could be misleading and misinterpreting to impose the burden of oppression on Christians and other vulnerable groups of society.
Regarding the demand for the suspension of the police chiefs involved in the incident, Conrad K Sangma said the Government stands firm on the same ground that it will not be able to dismiss them. police chiefs while a complete investigation report has not been received.
He said the reason for contesting the MDC election is that he wants to serve the country and the nation through the HSPDP which is still clean.
The Dy CEM said that the council (JHADC) has the right to issue this syrnot to the public who need it for the purpose of receiving loans from banks by selling their land. The Council is responsible for the land according to the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
“We have to investigate further the reason why he wrote this letter which we don't understand and we have to ask for more clarification. against the authorities above, this means that he is King only to do what? “Is the Syiem only for those who sell land and trading licence, has the authority to issue NOC to the casino and anyone who intends to set up a casino there has to get the NOC from the Syiem and the Rangbah Shnong,” he said. added.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : Rangdajied United FC have beaten Malki SC 4-0 in the Third Ground on Saturday. , OC Blue Premier League Polo 2021-2
“Please tell us what you have to say.
Rathor later joined Krishiv Chaudhary for 58 runs for the second wicket.
Rupda RY Lato said that in life there are happiness and sorrow, but how to use time properly to achieve what is planned.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 11 cases including 6 high risk cases, 3 cases from abroad and 2 cases who have undergone screening.
The Lat Mandal who was arrested on that day was identified as Tankeswar Nath – who was arrested while taking T.4,000 from a person who had lodged a complaint with them. Lat Mandal was arrested from the office of the Revenue Circle Officer of Hajo.
A total of 74,661 people have been injected twice and 4,17,438 have been injected once.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said that the demand from the Central Government to stop the allocation of funds to the District Councils in the state is wrong.
Rajiv Mehta is an IPS officer of the Assam-Meghalaya group from 1981 and is currently the Director General of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB).
Meanwhile, Meghalaya needs to play well in terms of ball to avoid defeat.
But, now we have put the youth first and to make the decision.
At the same time, Kareena said that she is often asked why she doesn't act in action films and the answer she has given to many is that she doesn't feel like it.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today announced 71 areas of villages across the state, where the health personnel will conduct testing in these villages. They include 22 villages in East Khasi Hills District and one village in South West Khasi Hills District.
The deceased was identified as a 45-50 year old man, about 5 feet tall, wearing blue jeans, blue slippers and a gray hoody sweat.
Ration for 100 cowsClean food/Aibam chickensFood 8 tablespoons - 4 tablespoons       0-4 weeks1.
Mawkyrwat, November 18: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) led by Balse Kharbani, General Secretary of FKJGP, has met with the Directorate General of Health Services (DHS) FKJG General Secretary Balse Kharbani said that the government has decided to open a 100 bedded CHC at Mawkyrwat CHC. The meeting of the union is to find out whether the sanctions regarding the 1000 bed hospital are sufficient or not.
Khasi tyngshops and purons, including John Rani, Stiff Marwein and Phibanylla, took part in the song.
The meeting was opened by the Chairman of the KSU Jowai Circle in a statement.
The President of the Voice of People (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the VPP's protest against the Reservation Policy is not for any private sector but for the public. in order to demand the resolution of the issue arising from this Policy.
These include EJH: 8, EKH: 109, RBD: 27, SGH: 1, SWKH: 9, WJH: 22 and WKH:
He said he was informed yesterday about the issuance of the certificate at midnight.
I don't know whether the Sengkhasi (23/11/1899) welcomed him or not or whether anyone went to meet him.
In North Garo Hills District, it was posted in Manikganj, Mendipathar, Dainadubi, Kharkutta, Sakware, Adokgre, Khaldang, Resubelpara, Thapa Darenchi, Berubari, Sualmari and Bajengdoba.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun confirmed that the Civil Sub Division will be inaugurated on Thursday by the Chief Minister.
During the meeting, they discussed the increase in the light bill which has increased excessively and stressed that MePDCL should ensure that the bill should not be too high. rise above what they use.
The Coronavirus, which began in December 2019 in Wuhan City, which has a population of 11 million, has now become as clean as Meghalaya, which has been completely free from the virus.
This Dorbar will end on 6th March
The body of Purno Agitok Sangma was laid to rest by the state government at Dikki Bandi Stadium, Dakopgre before being taken to the cemetery.
Recently, when attempting to confirm whether it is true that he will contest the MP election on the NPP ticket, the former Mawsynram MLA declined to comment.
On this occasion, the Minister inspected all the water tanks to find out the cause of the water shortage in the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Pharmacies in Meghalaya and the country across the country have closed down all their shops to protest against the central government's decision to sell medicines online without buy more from the shop.
He said that during his tenure as MDC, he wants the boundary demarcation to succeed, because if the 6Schedule is amended, if the MLAs cannot become MDCs anymore, it will be difficult at this time. When asked why the Congress is working with the NPP in KHADC, he said that in KHADC it is different because it should look after the land and customs.
And this Bhalang too will be able to play a thousand times with his brothers because they are too tired of him,” agreed and suggested the brother.
Shillong, March 27: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who has just been appointed, will attend the dorbar after taking over as the post of Chairman of the Council.
To reach Sangriang from Nongstoin town you have to pass through a bad and bumpy road, then you have to cross the Kynthei River, pass through Nongjyllieh, Sohlait, Wahladew, Lawse, Mawduh and Mawthar.
Nangkiew Irat FC had a goal to score the first goal of the match but failed to score.
However, this is not entirely true.
Shillong: The Secretary of the Indo-Bangladesh Border Fencing (IBB) has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to inform him that there has been a new construction of the Indo-Bangladesh Border Fencing. The Raid Lyting, which is still in East Khasi Hills District, started 3-4 days ago.
They are Jorida Tang and Da-oo-tei-ki Maya Garod who scored only 3 and 8 marks respectively and entered the Top 20 in the matric results.
The failure of the state government led by the MUA-II and the failure of the KHADC to take measures to implement and empower the village headmen, has prompted the DKRSRBD to impose a curfew. 12 hours.
Chairman of the Clean Sohra Campaign, Alan West Kharkongor, said, “The Arwah Crematorium has become a famous crematoria especially for archaeologists.
Speaking on the post of Lyngdoh Sohblei, Bishop Marwein said that the Lyngdohs and religious have been elected to be the prayer leaders. the paid of God.
Besides the CEM, Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC Mawkyrwat, EM Market and Land Revenue, Banteidor Lyngdoh MDC Mawkynrew I/C Labour, LG Nongsiej MDC Nongstoin and M.M. Mawsor MDC of Mawshynrut, Chairman of the Advisory Committee, elders of the area and others.
He said the HFU understands the plight of the farmers as many of its members are farmers.
He will arrive in Brazil on Saturday.
A leader of the Garo State Movement Committee (GMC) who took part in the indefinite strike organized by the A'chik Conscious Holistically Integrated Krima (ACHIK) on Sunday has collapsed from rest and absence. don't eat anything.
If you use a bad alcoholic beverage, it can kill the leaves.
Jesse Suïam in his speech said that he has tried to provide services to bring development to all the villages in his constituency.
However, in this regard, the party leaders are not ready to do these things," said the BJP leader. The BRS has already elected 115 out of 119 Assembly constituencies on 21st July.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that despite the conflict, the conflict in the elections, but these should disappear after the elections. come chess to work for the state.
In the Individual 60+ Singles, Santanu Ghosh won the silver medal and in the 60+ Doubles, Santanu Ghosh and N Bhattacharjee won the silver medal.
